Few quick notes while I'm sitting in class: - 960 is 20% bigger than 800, and that's not accounting for the fact that the screen is much smaller, which makes a big difference in DPI. - the argument that the iPad didn't have as good a DPI as an Evo and people didn't complain then is a straw man. The iPhone 4's display is clearer more impressive, numerous media outlets have said it's the best display they've ever seen. - Have you tried using an OLED screen? You can't read it at all in sunlight. I know LCDs aren't amazing, but I can at least see what's on the screen and interact with it. maybe I don't know enough about newer OLED technology though, I haven't had a chance to play with an Evo - That's the problem with Android, or maybe their development team: they simply don't have the resources or smarts to focus on specific features of the OS. They couldn't get the color band processing right on a first-party device until 6 months after launch! Not to be obtuse, or maybe miss the joke, but how can you sometimes have a little less than 1 person working on one of the most important parts of your runtime? Sounds like a bug more than a feature to me. :) The quality problem with the App Store isn't that there isn't pre-approval – the problem is that they pretty much allow anything . In all seriousness, the experience of iOS developers who play by the rules, and even those who just push them a little bit, is Apple allows pretty much anything, even if it's low quality. There were some blunders at first, but they're pretty settled now. The last mis-step was the banning of 'widget apps' on the iPad ( http://www.macworld.com/article/151680/2010/06/myframe_rejec... ), and that was quickly reversed. (it's available on the App Store, go check) Philosophically, the idea that I have to bend over for Apple's approval is a problem, but in practice all they're really doing nowadays is making sure you're app isn't crashy, and doesn't link heavily against private APIs – hell, most of the time they'll let you use private API. Even that isn't an issue to me, because their private API is private for a reason – it's not done yet, and is subject to further revision that could break compatibility in future OS revisions, so if you're using it you're essentially screwing your customer. Your customer isn't smart enough to know you're are a lazy idiot, they'll just assume it's Apple's problem – Apple sold them the device, and the app, and made the OS upgrade. If they can exercise their power in small ways like this so they don't end up wasting engineering cycles like Microsoft ( http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html ), disassembling apps and writing special cases into the OS to fit apps that insist on breaking the contract of private API being private. The quality issue is separate from the approval issue. The quality issue stems from the fact that everything appears on the same 'shelf', essentially. Apple can't censor what's appearing in the 'newly released' section in each category, but they can and do feature apps that are good top and center in the editorialized sections of the App Store. There's plenty of people doing great work, making great apps, and making amazing money. iTeleport (interviewed on 37signals here: http://37signals.com/svn/posts/2421-bootstrapped-profitable-... ), has cleared over $1 million selling VNC software which isn't even probably the most 'popular' on the store. OmniGroup sold over $1 million worth of OmniFocus for iPhone copies some time ago (I can't find a link), and must really like what they're seeing because they've spent the last 6 months working around the clock on apps for the iPad (OmniGraffle, OmniGraphSketcher, and OmniFocus). tap tap tap earned ~$150k on Convert in it's first month almost a year ago, and they have a wide portfolio of similar quality utility apps. I have no idea, but they're probably clearing at least $250k/month with the expansion in the number of iOS devices and their portfolio over the last year. For every 100 apps that some crapware developer is pushing out, there is 1 absolute gem available. Another problem is, if you're not a talented developer, it's much easier to dump piece of crap after piece of crap on the store and just hope someone dumb enough to search for random stuff on the store and buys it. Personally, this isn't fulfilling to me, so after releasing 3 relatively simple apps in 6 months, about a year ago I started heavily investing my time in writing software that allows iOS devices to act as networked point of sale machines for restaurants. It's been a rough 9 months since I only have my income from the App Store and working as a waiter to go on, and my income from the App Store dropped off the map after I stopped investing time in working on my old apps. However, when I'm done with this, there's a possibility to make tons of money given the poor state and technology of the point of sale industry, and even if I don't make it, an app selling 2-3 copies a week for $20 a pop makes me a hell of a lot better off than trying to make money selling crapware at $0.99. That's not a conspiracy theory, that's completely making shit up. Apple doesn't appear once in the entire article. Previous comments by John Gruber on Google seem appropriate here. "Google senior vice president Jonathan Rosenberg published a long memo “about the meaning of ‘open’ as it relates to the Internet, Google, and [Google’s] users.” It’s the biggest pile of horseshit I’ve ever seen from Google. Basically, he’s spewed 4,000 words to say that “open” is always good and always wins, Google is always open, therefore Google is always good and will always win. And please don’t worry your pretty little minds about things like Google’s search or ad algorithms or the specific details of how its data centers work, all of which things Google could not possibly be more secretive about. Because if you think about these things, you’ll see that Google isn’t open at all about certain financially lucrative areas where it has built huge technical advantages over its competitors, and that’s not possible, because Google is always open. I really hope for Google’s sake that this horseshit artist Rosenberg is not representative of their executive ranks. Also: open is an adjective; the noun form in this context is openness." http://daringfireball.net/linked/2009/12/22/open Probably nothing. The 'Worldwide Loyalty Team' was at best a hyper exaggerated version of reality, at worst a complete fiction used for page views by Gizmodo. Ask anyone who works at Apple...although perhaps they'll just deny it because they're worried about the Worldwide Loyalty Team ;) Not to turn HN into a gossip site, but here's some dots to connect: Alex Payne quits Twitter, moves to Portland, cofounds BankSimple, an attempted game-changer if there ever was one. - http://techcrunch.com/2010/05/17/alex-payne-twitter/?utm_sou... "Wow. @banksimple just leveled up. In the last 24 hours we signed on four of the best engineers I know. Can't wait to announce the team." Alex Payne - 8/11 - https://twitter.com/al3x/status/20905067927 "What comes next for me? Something truly awesome and even more challenging then Engine Yard, but that will allow me to work from home in Portland. I cannot yet reveal where I am going to work next but I can promise it will be another game changing project and I am chomping at the bit to get started." Ezra, 8/13 Not sure the author understands even what he/she is addressing or that it even exists. Everyone involved understood that it wasn't using Java syntax/grammar that was the issue. they partnered with FourSquare/GoWalla, actually. there will be a full read/write API. read is open today, write is in closed beta. Erm, there's tons of alternate browsers. There just can't be one with it's own JavaScript parser baked in because of the ban on interpreters, and even then they said you can ask to include one in the latest round of SDK revisions. Or local notifications. In iOS 4 you can set a timed reminder locally without running a server as is needed for push notifications. That's how media works. I'd argue that some of the news stories that came out about him quitting over App Store policy were over-the-top hyperbole. I thought an iPad was for consumption, not creation. Then I found out it has not one, but two, complete office suites compatible with Microsoft Office. (Documents To Go, Pages, Numbers, Keynote). Then I found out it could completely replace my guitar amp, with 5 different amps, 11 stomps, 5 cabinets, and 2 mics. (AmpliTube, AmpKit) Then I found out it could do advanced photo editing. (PhotoGene, PhotoForge) Then I found out it could create paintings for the cover of the New Yorker (Brushes, Layers) Then I found out it could more quickly and easily do my homework than pen and paper could. (Penultimate) Then I found out it could completely replace a DJ’s equipment. (Looptastic HD, AC-7 Pro, Pianist Pro) These are just what I’ve come across in my relatively limited exposure to the iPad App Store, and even then only in my relative niches. It’s still more than enough to tell me the invented dichotomy of “consumption vs. creation” for the iPad is completely false, yet somehow, it’s gained enough hold to generate just short of 4 million hits on Google. So, next time some writer says you’ll need a non-existent PalmPad with a rumored stylus in order to do “real content creation”, or someone tries to equate a dedicated e-book reader to an iPad, or a competitor’s COO pretends their 9 year old “Tablet PC” initiative is somehow going to be better at content creation, using an operating system designed for a mice and keyboard, ignore it. They are relying on assumptions that aren’t born out from actually using the device and exploring the available software, or they are unaware of how young the platform is (it’s only been 7 months since developers were able to start programming for it, trust me, we’re only just starting to see real innovative apps released), or they are a competitor who is knocking on the iPad because they have to. My iPad has replaced my notebooks, pens, paper, laptop, guitar amp, PS3, board games, and books. It will only be able to do more in the future. This begs the question: why isn't an iPad a computer? I think code bases that use C and those that use Java probably solve very different problems, though. No one is writing 3D engines in Java. They haven't done that in forever...there was one high-profile rejection and nothing has happened since. Search for web browser in the App Store and see how many results you get (hint: a lot). For clarity: The other comment thread refers to the fact that the developer submitted an application that allowed the user to take pictures by pressing the volume buttons, which violates the Apple Human Interface Guidelines by removing the actual volume increasing/decreasing functionality of the buttons. It was nicely rejected by Apple, but then the developer did an end-around and publicized a URL scheme that would launch their app and enable the button functionality anyway – the app was summarily pulled off the store, and oddly enough it looks like the developer has disappeared off the face of the earth. (Apple ninjas killed him?) FWIW, the main developer over there wasn't well-respected in the iPhone community either. Not entirely sure why, but I saw him pick odd fights from the company Twitter account with other developers for reasons beyond my comprehension. You hit the nail on the head – if I was a betting man, I'd put as much money as I had on a 'surprise feature' of 4.2 being that you can use the Apple TV as a screen for outputting from an iOS device. Why do I think this? http://twitter.com/lllucas - Apple employee, apparently worked on Airplay (note the "happy airplay day!" tweet) Joe Hewitt (of Facebook) tweets "If only iOS apps could use AirPlay to stream their own stuff to AppleTV." and then lllucas replies "what makes you think they can't? :-)" Why might I be wrong? It doesn't necessarily make sense that an app could output arbitrary video data (namely, what we're all thinking of, 3D games) to an Apple TV unless there was something seriously cool going on behind the scenes, like using a H.264 encoder in hardware to compress the stream. If that's happening, then I would think certain devices (such as the iPod touch 2G/3G, iPhone 3G) would be incompatible because there's no reason for them to have an H.264 encoder on their chipset since they don't have video cameras. This would be an odd thing for Apple/app devs to try to support, because now you have to worry about OS revisions + device capabilities, and Apple's been fairly good about coming down on the side of keeping things progressing in software even if the hardware is too slow for it in reality (see the iOS 4.0 on iPhone 3G debacle) I think it's certain given those tweets that you'll be able to at least stream arbitrary H.264 content from your app to the Apple TV, but to be encoding whatever is on the screen in real time and also be putting load on the graphics processor...I'm not sure that would work. It's definitely in Apple apps, and I imagine that 3rd party apps will get it for "free" using the standard media player classes. The issue is if apps could send arbitrary video data, because then your $99 Apple TV turns into a game console if you have an iPod touch. genuine question (this sounds a little smarmy but I know nothing about Graph API or web dev at all really): How is it not easy for other web services to access this stored data when a random guy can easily throw a script on GitHub to do it? Erm, how long has Android been around again? It's hardly a rev1 product, and the iPad was "rev 1" under this definition and doesn't have the same trouble, and had half the processing power. I'm an iOS developer and an Android developer, and I'm honestly disgusted by the level of excuses that is made for the horrible UX on Android. It reminds me of 10 years ago, when the meme on /. was "The Year Of Desktop Linux is always Next Year(TM)". Do you honestly think they rebuilt scroll views and the web browser completely to get Android 3 launched? I know from my visits to the Verizon store to play with one that they hype it up as "completely new OS", but other than making the hardware buttons software finally, it looks and acts identically. As technical people, I think we both know that this is a revision of Android, not a completely new OS. More to your point - iPad ran iOS 3.2 - the 3rd revision of iOS. The Xoom is running Android 3 - the 3rd revision of Android. It's just an overall lack of attention to detail, compounded with the need for the OS to work on 1000 different kinds of hardware combinations. It's near impossible to describe without sounding whiny or silly, because it's death by 1000 stones, not one killer thing. Anecdotes: - Whilst using my Nexus S, it rings. I pull it out of my pocket, only to discover I can't answer it because there's a keyboard over the Answer/Decline buttons . Later, I realize I must have pressed and held on the Menu button long enough while pulling the phone out of my pocket to force the keyboard to popover the Answer/Decline buttons. But why the heck is this possible even? It vaguely reminds me Joel Spolsky's article on the Windows shutdown menu - http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2006/11/21.html . - I want to make it so there's momentum/inertial/bounce scrolling in a text view. This is impossible. Why? So phones that still have trackballs don't have whacky scrolling behavior going on for them. But the ListView has inertial scrolling. How the heck can I possible explain this to my client without sounding foolish or lazy? - I want to animated a cell disappearing from a ListView. Again, impossible. The solutions mentioned on StackOverflow ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3928193/how-to-animate-ad... ) (BTW, the Android presence on StackOverflow is abysmal ), in order, and summarized: 1) Rewrite the class yourself because Android is open 2) Some hacky drawing solution that isn't a good idea. 3) Wait till Adobe's dev tools get faster on Android. 4) Re-implement the class from scratch yourself. I understand now that Honeycomb has much better animation facilities, but we're not seeing that on phones. And when we do, the problem with carriers + manufacturers holding sway means whatever apps I build won't see any improvements on phones until Ice Cream is released and manufacturers ship phones with it. We're talking June or July at this point, right? For basic animation. That was in iOS 1.0. In June 2007. Couldn't tell ya. :/ I'll have to test it and get back to you. Exactly, completely understand where this is coming from - but why in the world is this a default!? How is he hypocritical? The problem here is Google employees have consistently and constantly pushed that Android is open and thus inherently more pure than iOS (see Vic's behavior last Google IO, Andy Rubin's infamous 'definition of open' tweet). Apple has never claimed to be open or anything, Google has, and they're not. He has never said open is bad for consumers as far as I understand it, I'd like to see where you think he has so we can discuss it though, I'm sure he must have said something that we both interpreted diffrently. As to your last paragraph: he's not claiming he always thought they were open. He's claiming that he knew all along they weren't - i.e. they were only allowing free run on the source code and everything as long as it benefited them. Which is what happened here. I'm fascinated with Anonymous' impact as a political group. As far as I can tell, Anonymous is just another term for technologically connected young people, which otherwise would have been single individuals incapable of advancing an agenda. Perhaps it's just me, but despite their misguided actions, I believe me and anyone else who grew up with the Internet is deeply invested in their particular brand of libertarianism: strong belief in freedom of speech, transparency, and personal property. Re: expensive products. Micros charges about $3000 for a terminal, we're charging $1500 for the first one ($999 for our app + $500 iPad) and $500 (per iPad) apiece after. Not to mention the iPod is really just as good for servers taking orders. Big features? Price, wireless connectivity, commodity hardware. I can't lie and pretend we're as rock solid as Micros, and I'd like to charge a fair price. $999 is low in my opinion, but not that low. Thank you for your feedback! You're absolutely correct – unfortunately, living in Buffalo means there's a dearth of local talent and bootstrapping means we really don't have the means. To be honest I took out more custom UI than ended up making it in because the people we tested with who were new to iOS really took quickly to the standard components and had a harder time with custom stuff. That being said, I'm hardly a real designer, so there's a distinct possibility my custom UI was just, well, not too good. :P Thanks for your feedback. I'm familiar with your work and you saying this automatically means I'm probably going to dedicate the next week or so combing over my UI and trying to make it better. You're right, we probably need to reshoot the video (it was made under rushed conditions with a version that didn't end up being our final apps, thanks to the vagaries of the App Review process), and I also want to shoot ones that delve into specifics. I'm scared to shoot one showing "action", considering how hard it was just to get the first one done, but we'll have to see what we can do efficiently that looks nice. It's key, I think, because really by far the magical part of the product is how easily devices running Ambur can link together and share data easily. Thanks a lot for your feedback, it's truly appreciated and taken under careful consideration. Huh, fascinating, my involvement in the restaurant business has been limited to mostly waiting and somewhat being aware of what was going on in the back end with processors, but I've only worked at one restaurant so my experience was limited. I had no idea they were gouging that much, we're actually looking into using iDynamo ( http://www.magtek.com/v2/products/secure-card-reader-authent... ) in our app, which would make it dirt easy to just pick the best payment processor and run with it. I'll have to drop you a line when we're done with that, probably in the next four weeks. Thanks for your feedback, and the information about publications, it's been hard for me to figure out what publications exist and which ones exactly matter. True, we'll have to see where we can fit it. You're right on the domain thing too. Square is great for what it is, but there rates are way, way, too high for restaurants and their app doesn't allow for 3rd party callbacks. I don't think they have much interest in "real" business to be honest with you, I've tried to get in touch with them on multiple occasions for at least information on them integrating a callback scheme, but I haven't heard a word back. They're busy doing bigger and better things though, god bless 'em. We actually do have integrated credit card processing (kind of). There's an app called Credit Card Terminal that lets us pass charges to it and then calls back to us with the charge amount and type when it's done processing. This is true...one of the UI things that keeps me up at night is how to optimize that login screen. Passwords are actually important to me because of that, and I'm not sure servers IDs are really a great idea, they just seem insecure to me (the restaurant I worked at constantly was broken because servers would figure out the manager ones) and introduce a whole host of validation issues that would be frustrating to deal with in this distributed system. We'll have to look at speed a bit more - at the restaurants we've tested at, my experience once it was just pure frustration for a server at first, but after 3 or 4 shifts they settled back down into normal speed for order entry, and it ended up being a win overall because the discoverability of stuff was faster. That being said, I know we definitely have room to improve. Thanks for your feedback, it's nice to hear from someone else who worked at a restaurant, especially one that was busy and relied on the speed of its POS more than one in Buffalo may have. Noted, thank you. Peer review of a website has the unique ability to make you feel like a blind idiot. :P Most terminals cost ~$3000, while the first terminal for us is $1500 - $500 for the iPad, $1000 for the app. After that, new terminals are just $500 since you bought the app already. Secondly, adding printers is one of our best pieces of functionality - it's just entering an IP address, a name, a type of printer, and assigning it to a menu item group. I'm not sure old hardware is the answer. It's underpowered, weak, running on odd platforms. iOS was designed for touch and to be rugged from the ground up, and provides a consistent platform that is essentially commoditized and is growing every day. I'm not. The app has multiuser functionality. Instead of paying $1000-$2000 per terminal, I'm asking them to pay $1500 ($1000 for the app; $500 for the iPad), and $500 for any subsequent iPad terminal. Compared to standard prices, it's a steal. Doh! Thanks, I don't know how we missed both of these. Thank you, this is stuff we definitely have to focus on, we're planning on moving stuff and adding stuff based on the feedback we received here in the next couple days. Aye, I do too at times :P needs to delve into the Javascript there and fix it up To the grandparent - what danudey said. The iPad is fairly water resistant at the end of the day, we've had a glass spilled on it (!) and it was fine. There's a database that the app allows you to email to yourself to backup, and you can connect it via iTunes and use Apple's ridiculously cumbersome iTunes methods of dragging files in and out. I'm not happy with it necessarily, but the attitude I have as an iOS developer is "let's see what happens in iOS 5 to make file management/sharing/backup easier, it *has to get easier...right? right!?" Think of it this way - up until recently, POS systems were monolithic things that were never updated. Web POS systems take the opposite route of just throwing out what you have and fixing bugs as they pop up, which definitely is easy. With the App Store, it's sort of medium – we can easily ship updates, but it might take 7-10 days. IMHO, it's not a showstopper though. If it was, then almost no software would have shipped before the Internet. You just have to rely on the fact that you're a good developer, with a good testing process. Aye, actually I ran into that a year ago and took a bit from it, thanks for bringing it up again, I forgot about it. The main caveat is, the article assumes that servers would be carrying around iPads - we've found iPod touches are more than sufficient and iPads acting as centralized hubs like a traditional POS work well. Yes, and yes! Core Data + Bonjour + KVO are absolutely magical, it's a truly distributed system, you always can see whats going on accurately. Thanks for your feedback - we'll definitely take that approach with the next set of videos we'll shoot. Server, four long years. My cofounder is an owner. Thank you! Getting more eyeballs on the site has had the effect of mostly making me feel like I'm illiterate and blind. :P Good call on point of sale, I had never thought about the distinction before. x, where x is less than 10. To be honest, it looks like it's going to be a lot of hard work to get people signed up and interested. It's a tough marketing problem: how do you get to people who haven't already invested in another solution down this road, even if our solution is much cheaper we're still talking in the thousands to switch over from someone who already charged them tens of thousands. The answer is to find people who haven't, which means finding restaurants that have not opened yet. Not easy work. The magic of the app (from an engineering perspective) is really Core Data + KVO + Bonjour. Sometimes it feels more bubblegum and sticks than anything, but it really is magical after all the kinks were worked out. I wish I could open source the framework, but at this point it would be an engineering effort to tease out the code and it's also giving away a lot of secret sauce. We'll have to look at speed, it's something I'm concerned about because we don't have a huge sample size. I know the restaurants we tested at got up to speed after each server had worked 3-4 shifts, but I'm 100% sure it could be better in several areas. Reshooting the video is probably the first priority after fixing mistakes on the site, thanks to your comments and a couple others. Thanks for the feedback, hearing things like that from someone really makes it clear what work we have to do and how we have to do. 1) Fair, but to a restaurant owner who is staring at Micros package X that is $15K for a basic two terminal + a few printers set up, we look pretty darn good. 2) Not reasonably priced. I know Micros does, but their handhelds are propietary hardware that costs in multiples of iPod touches. Their terminals are, again, in multiples of iPads. 3) Up to the restaurant. They don't get broken, them 'walking off' is an issue, but a management issue. If you have 3 at 5 PM, you better have 3 at 10 PM or your staff has to answer. 4) Certainly, but I'm not a big fan of that because it compounds issue #3 dramatically and I'm not sure any restaurant would want to do that. Also, it would require a dramatic 'prettying up' of the UI to make it more lively. Not sure you were asking seriously, but yes, since July of last year. http://blogs.skype.com/en/2010/07/iphone_multitasking_3g.htm... As a point of sale system developer (Ambur, an iOS app), the problem I'm seeing with all these solutions is that the good ones are end-to-end (i.e. the point of sale is manufactured by the payment service), and the bad ones rely on point of sale integration. The current division between point of sale and payment is that way for a reason, namely it allows for each to focus on its core competency and run with it. Square is a terrible point of sale for a business (it's great for personal use!), because they're not willing or able to built out a whole point of sale system just to satisfy the needs of businesses. We've had an incredible number of people since we launched extremely excited to switch from Square over to our product for some very basic features, such as receipt printing, much less things like managing what your employees can do in the system, maintaining payroll and separate user accounts, and a thousand other fundamental features that point of sale systems need to do to be anything besides a trendy, cheap, alternative. The other payment services have little to no traction, and I'd like to think that's because of just how well Square is designed. Unfortunately, until Square either decides to build a full point of sale system and work on selling it (unlikely), or open up to 3rd parties via some API (which I doubt will happen, I've tried to get in touch multiple times to request this and haven't received any meaningful response), I don't see it getting much traction beyond personal use. I firmly believe the POS space is ripe for some really intense disruption. Tablets (namely, iPads given that's what 90% of the market actually owns) cost $500 apiece, are easily accessible, and let business owners demo point of sale systems software right on their device, instead of just placing a call to Micros/Aloha and making a call based on specs and feature checklists, when those feature checklists include a lot of convoluted features they won't end up using. The problem is, even with the revolution of availability in the space, given the poor purchasing experience with previous point of sale systems, most business owners are A) not very excited to have to purchase a point of sale and B) cannot possibly comprehend a point of sale that can run on commodity hardware. All sorts of silly questions regarding reliability crop up. But, I digress. Regarding payments, I think that point of sale developers regard it as just a necessary evil that we have to roll our eyes and hold our nose that we need to integrate these payment solutions. We end up writing integration for each payment processor themselves, and each of their unique XML/SOAP/what have you APIs instead of spending time on what we care about. I would love for a user-centric company like Square to come in and just offer a usable API, but that's not really their gig and it's a complex situation. Payments are in need of disruption, sure, but the first person to 'win' will be the one who decides they're not going to go completely vertical anymore, and has a nice, full, API with a good accounting/reporting web service to back it up. At that point, I can trust they're going to get my customers the best rates and widest acceptance possible, and I can easily write integration for them and push my customers their way. I could care less about this and that detail about slightly lower rates, or gift card programs, or cutting me .005 percent of each transaction. I just want to give my customers the tools to run their business correctly and accurately at the lowest possible development cost to myself. As a restaurant point of sale developer myself (Ambur, an iOS app), one thing: OpenTable isn't a POS, it's a reservation system. I didn't see the conflation between sites and POS systems in the article, but I see it throughout your comment. Everything else rings true. We have to invest a lot of time into each prospect because they're used to buggy systems that have feature overload and as a result are hard to use and impossible to setup. We're selling at a ridiculously low price ($999 for unlimited device licensing as a single site), and we're doing well, but the time investment into each prospect is very high. I don't understand the meme that this is a move to encroach on Apple's territory. Apple could give two shits — unless Facebook decides to get in the hardware platform business, theres no way Apple loses any significant business. In fact, maintaining the best mobile browser means it's more than likely it'll help them sell devices. This is negative, and I know that it's not the most socially acceptable thing to do, but: this article typifies everything that's wrong with the fluff that hits Hackers News sometimes. ✓ Random quote from historic/epic source ✓ Exhortations to throw caution to the wind and just ship ✓ Gratuitous bash of unit testing ✓ Bragging about a quick, rich, exit to a bigger company It's not a mystery how it's being paid for – it's being paid for by the $600 the carrier pays Apple for your 16 GB iPhone 4S. Apple spells it out in Settings -> General -> Siri -> "About Siri and Privacy". I can copy and paste it, so I'll email it from my phone to my computer, and paste it here: When you use Siri, which includes the dictation feature of your device, the things you say and dictate will be recorded and sent to Apple to process your requests. Your device will also send Apple other information, such as your first name and nickname; the names, nicknames, and relationship with you (e.g., “my dad”) of your address book contacts; and song names in your collection (collectively, your “User Data”). All of this data is used to help Siri understand you better and recognize what you say. It is not linked to other data that Apple may have from your use of other Apple services. If you have Location Services turned on, the location of your device at the time you make a request will also be sent to Apple to help Siri improve the accuracy of its response to your location-based requests (e.g., “what’s the weather like here today?”). You may choose to turn off Location Services for Siri. To do so, open Settings, tap Location Services, and slide the Siri switch to “off”. Information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy. You may choose to turn off Siri at any time. To do so, open Settings, tap General, tap Siri, and slide the Siri switch to “off”. If you turn off Siri, Apple will delete your User Data, as well as your recent voice input data. Older voice input data that has been disassociated from you may be retained for a period of time to generally improve Siri and other Apple products and services. This voice input data may include audio files and transcripts of what you said and related diagnostic data, such as hardware and operating system specifications and performance statistics. You can also restrict the ability to use Siri altogether under the Restrictions Setting. I am the cofounder of a startup that builds an iOS/iPod/iPad POS Ambur, and it's absolutely astonishing to me to see people claim Square is doing anything useful for merchants. Their software is far too simplistic for anyone running more than a very basic coffee shop with tech savvy customers to use. Even something as simple as most customers demand paper receipts, and Square's functionality is taking basic orders, one a time, with no conception of any business analysis functions. That does not cut it for any business bigger than a small coffee or retail shop, where customers pay and are served instantaneously. no matter how cheap Square is, or how many brilliant designers they hire, they're not going to get into businesses bigger than this without expanding what they're doing. They really, really, need to launch a platform for people like us to innovate on. We're young, forward-thinking, and as an ex-restaurant employee I know how much CC companies and traditional POS companies screw businesses. We're trying to change that on the POS side, and I desperately wish Square would be less egotistical and let us use them to change the payment side. It would be tremendous for them, because it lets POS companies solve adoption for them, instead of them trying to engineer 1000 solutions for 1000 different types of business, and let's them focus on their core compotency - beautifully designed software for consumers. I am the cofounder of a startup that builds an iOS/iPod/iPad POS Ambur, and it's absolutely astonishing to me to see people claim Square is doing anything useful for merchants. Their software is far too simplistic for anyone running more than a very basic coffee shop with tech savvy customers to use. Even something as simple as most customers demand receipts, and Square's functionality beyond taking basic coffee orders is non-existent. That does not cut it for businesses, no matter how cheap Square is. They really, really, need to launch a platform for people like us to innovate on. We're young, forward-thinking, and as an ex-restaurant employee I know how much CC companies and traditional POS companies screw businesses. We're trying to change that on the POS side, and I desperately wish Square would be less egotistical and let us change the payment side. It would be tremendous for them, because it lets POS companies solve adoption for them, instead of them trying to engineer 1000 solutions for 1000 different types of business, and let's them focus on their core compotency - beautifully designed software for consumers. As a founder of new POS system company (Ambur iPad POS), I just don't see this as true. Most of the bigger POS companies might have reasons to maintain the status quo, but mobile touch devices are literally revolutionizing the industry, because it means there's opportunity for small players to build systems on commodity touch hardware, designing software that's actually easy to use and reasonably priced. Square needs to allow other POS vendors to use their APIs to truly conquer this space. Their system is currently woefully inadequate for anyone except small businesses with literally no need to do anything except charge a customer right away, without any paper receipts. That limits their business market to essentially small coffee shop or retail vendors with technologically advanced customers. That's a...small market, to be polite. Nope, unless you want to integrate with a receipt printer manufacturer, and now all of a sudden you're beholden to that - there's many technical issues because now you need a preferred router manufacturer too, so the iPad can talk to the printer. Sure, I've been hearing forever that they must be going to, eventually, etc etc. hasn't panned out and it's been literally years I asked them several times through email, no response. No, at least not on the iPad, and even if it did most businesses would see that as pretty backwards. every second counts, in restaurants especially, and essentially maintaining two sets of books always leads to trouble. It would be essentially impossible, they've essentially gotten the latest version of Obj.C. working (which is awesome!), but they don't have any of the frameworks from iOS/OS X reimplemented. The frameworks make the language, so you wouldn't be able to port any code at all, really. 18 month old? I picked mine up the day it came out, in early December 2011. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nexus_S Fascinating to me how histrionical the article headline is. I don't see a mention anywhere that this somehow competes against iCloud. If the article headline is correct and HTC believes this is an answer, HTC's leadership is braindead. Giving your users 25 GB of free storage is not the same as pervasive, painless syncing across every core service on your device, as well as giving 3rd party developers access to APIs to do the same. Nothing in the article would lead one to believe he didn't understand the distributed nature of git repositories, but a lot in the article would lead one to believe he was specifically referring to the data loss issues on GitHub if someone wiped out a project. You're conflating two issues here. He's arguing that the Rails team was ignoring an important issue by noting it was an easy end-user fix, and GitHub overreacted by suspending him after he tried several times to bring it to their attention, and then grossly mislead their user base as to the extent of the issue (which sounds like a really fundamental security issue that any professional Rails developer should know how to avoid) and how they discovered it (i.e. they didn't discover it, they had to be shown it). You're responding as if GitHub was simply being attacked for not fixing the issue. Aye, that's where it gets hairy – I (or anyone else) could write equally impassioned blog posts for making him their chief security officer, or for suing him. The article starts going down the road of playing Monday morning quarterback with that issue, but it's short enough that it's acceptable. Not looking forward to the avalanche of posts on either side of the debate, though. This line of questioning looks promising, but the post leaves a question unanswered: * Did the questioner notice the article was referring not to the S&P 500, but the Fortune 500? A ridiculous amount. I'm an outsider to all this (iOS developer with a healthy interest in technology), and the constant pejorative adjectives directed at Hammer combined with the odd directions to the reader to "find (strong options re: Hammer) on the Net" and the horrible word insertion in Hammer's mouth that's Hammer's "pissed at everyone"...combine to make this post seem like it has a lot more sizzle than steak. "First Take-Away" is devoted to "hay, Google implemented OAuth 2". That, as far as I understand it, is hot air because it doesn't obviate Hammer's original contention that OAuth 2 was impossible to implement without experts driving your implementation. "Interop?" is devoted to him throwing out a wildly idealistic idea, immediately followed up by him noting that he has no idea if it's possible. "Enterprisey" notes that he doesn't understand the enterprise requirements, understanding enterprise requirements requires expert-level domain knowledge (again, bolstering Hammer's point) and boy, those enterprise people sure are crazy! "Standards-Making" opens by trying to use clever wordplay that has the effect of making Hammer seems small for being "pissed at everyone", and an unwarranted defense of standardization proposals aimed at those commenting on the fact the the head of a standardization proposal said standardization proposals are broken. The most confusing part of this to me is that Bray wrote an article ( http://www.tbray.org/ongoing/When/201x/2012/06/29/Becoming-a... ) less than one month ago noting that "The new tech­nol­ogy com­ing down the pipe, OAuth 2 and friends, is way too hard for de­vel­op­ers; there need to be bet­ter tools and ser­vices if we’re going to make this whole In­ter­net thing smoother and safer." Yet, somehow he feels that Hammer's opinion is divergent enough from what he said to be worthy of a long sanctimonious, vacuous, article. I don't understand why Tim Bray is respected by the tech community, and after two years of following tech news and giving him the benefit of the doubt, I'm not going to bother anymore. He seems perfectly intelligent, but his tendency online of having overwrought reactions that conflict with prior overwrought reactions he had make it difficult for me to consider him anything but a bloviator. The overall issue with the diagram is, not only are they MBA buzzwords, but it's a silly diagram that has no meaning – they're dressing up 'things we don't want you to do anymore' as a technical diagram in a two-dimensional space that makes little to no sense. Begging the question a bit here, so much so that I was tempted to just post '?'. I assume you mean Apple, but Apple's checks locally for code-signing, it doesn't phone home. Which is what the problem is. Centralized software distribution channel != phoning home every time any software is installed on a computer. You are citing examples of the first, the second is what the article is about. I have one and it's completely fine. I saw quite a few, between WWDC and (too many) trips to my local Apple Store, and I find it hard to believe that the flagship model of a large multinational computer company is fundamentally broken. Just because the dimensions are similar doesn't mean the number of pixels is sufficiently similar – in fact, an iPad 1 has 28% more. This is a significant difference to a programmer. Yup. People are tired of the iPhone because a guy they didn't know died. In addition, their comments about Core Data multithreading are flat out wrong. The whole point of queued contexts in iOS 5/OS X 10.7 was to do away with the whole mess of passing IDs between threads. It works quite well, although as always, there is a vocal minority who never completely grokked Core Data and hate on it when they encounter bugs in their implementation along the way. Mission Control? Redone in 10.9. Apologies if their engineers work too slowly for your pace. Google Maps? Google didn't want to license their data without Apple giving them location data. Apple can't force Google to let them use Google's data. The next best thing was Google Maps on the App Store, which his what happened. Bad cell reception? Sort of a silly example, given they provided video examples on their site of every other major cell phone sold at the time exhibiting that behavior. However, they gave out free bumpers and extended the return period if it was an issue worthy of return. Also, they redesigned the phone _on the very next release_, the Verizon iPhone 4. This was unheard of at the time, and to this time, core hardware usually doesn't change on the *S releases, much less before then. You can continue to enumerate the many examples you know like this (sic), if you'd like. We already know – they went with #2. http://www.iclarified.com/43778/apples-iwatch-is-reversible-... With the exception of the light bulb query, these work just fine with iOS too – the thrust of his post is that these actions should be available without having to specifically request a voice interaction mode to be turned on, which Android requires as well. Shameless plug here – I build an iPad point of sale that does exactly that. It's called Ambur (amburapp.com). We started with a local SQLite DB, then built syncing depending only on the router functioning (i.e. no internet dependency, one iPad acts as a server) using Bonjour discovery, and I just added NAT traversal so people can still remotely access the point of sale. It's the best of all worlds! Now to find some venture capital... BTW, why in the world don't any of the other point of sales do this? None of the stuff that's required is rocket science, you need a Core Data maven, a networking maven, and a decent UI programmer in the same room and you'll get a ton done. Removing reliance on a server seems like a no-brainer both for clients with unreliable internet connections with business-critical needs, and for avoiding complexity of having a "split brain" across iOS/the cloud for the service. It seems like server devs are valued over iOS devs for no clear reason. Word on the Apple rumor street was that the display was supposed to be a full 3x 414x736 (1242x2208), but the display yield was too poor. I loved the homonym misuse of soul for sole, soul actually fits better for the metaphor. Why out an NFL player buying your equipment to facilitate illegal activity directly prohibited by his profession's collective bargaining agreement? The comment about it being okay to watch porn at work rang untrue to me, and I found a primary source that indicates a much milder story, that still itself was a myth: http://www.laobserved.com/archive/2008/02/words_of_chairman_... I have, for a major shipping product that requires extremely high reliability. The project is ~300 KLOC and about 10% Swift now. I'm so glad I put the effort in now instead of later. It'll be quite an asset over the next couple years, people seem afraid to switch from Objective-C. However, Swift is clearly superior in speed of development as well as code quality. An amusing oversimplification, but an oversimplification nonetheless. They didn't view it as a "billon-dollar secret", but there's clearly something morally deficient about being contracted to work on something and then moving on with a clone of that something. More like, my ex-cofounder created Facebook, so I rage-opened a terminal and typed in `mkdir facebook_killer && cd facebook_killer && git init` Check out the repo for that commit: https://github.com/IonicaBizau/addy-graph-hack Specifically, this tool: https://github.com/IonicaBizau/github-contributions Arguably, that's exactly what happened with Google in China. I think if you weren't ready to leave, you shouldn't have said you were leaving. They would be derelict of duty if upon hearing you say it, they didn't immediately stop any capital flow in your direction. It's shitty as hell, and I'd like to think I'd never do that, but it's rational, and people tend to choose rationality over morals. "Don't explain why you're not doing this today, just shut up and keep me waiting and complaining" What ever happened to civility? More anecdote from another ex-waiter: #2 was the complete opposite at the one place I ever worked, serving 8 people was much harder than 2. The variation in sentiment might have to do with that my restaurant didn't have runners, and it was an Indian restaurant. We did food delivery ourselves, and customers needed at least two things to come for dinner (an entrée, and naan), making it stressful because once a table got to 6+ people, you had to run two massive trays of food from the kitchen to the floor, as quickly as possible. Is it about the brand, or is about the challenges established market participants face when they're disrupted? I.e. Microsoft reacting to the iPad by trying to compromise and maintain two UIs for Windows, or GM reacting to EVs by maintaining two power trains? GM's decision is defensible IMHO, anecdotally, one of the major concerns around EVs is the "What happens when I run out of energy in the middle of nowhere?", and GM's approach answers that question handily. It's also shipping today at a price point Tesla can't hit. Engineering purity and the absurd performance a pure EV power train can hit aren't very relevant to the mass market. The Objective-C old guard has had a very hard time dealing with Swift. For a couple years now, every 3 months they have another blog post hand-wringing about what they used to do in Objective-C, how they can't in Swift, with the implicit warning this is worrisome and _needs_ to be reimplemented in Swift, or Swift isn't a serious contender long-term. Most of the of the community seems to have moved on, with the understanding that of course you can't reimplement performSelector/KVO/(insert dynamic, non-type safe feature that usually just bites you in the ass in the long run) from scratch, but we still have Objective-C that already implemented those features , and we will have it for years, if not decades, to come. Maybe Apple doesn't have to open source UIKit to prove their commitment to Swift (a short, albeit slightly unfair, summary of a blog post last week from another member of the old guard) There seems to be a general lack of imagination, and lack of understanding that Apple would never rewrite UIKit or other large, existing frameworks in Swift. But, once Swift is more stable in a year or two, maybe you start thinking about new frameworks being written in Swift, with Objective-C compatibility, instead of vice versa. Maybe you can't write Rails in Swift, but by god, why would you ever write Rails again? There's been two heavily up voted stories here in the past two weeks describing how awful it is to have a career dependent on a framework so dependent on dynamic untyped code. That matches exactly with my experience being pressed into service writing Rails code for a couple months - the development experience felt like the Stone Age compared to Swift, even if I could write a method ~20% faster. Definitely - it would be awesome , but way ahead of schedule, if they're thinking about a true UXKit landing with ABI stability and "finished" generics in Swift 4. There's definitely some nuance to this situation – I didn't mean to imply dynamic features aren't needed, or have no place. While writing my comment, there was a nagging voice in my head saying "What about Swift Foundation?" What I meant to communicate was that there's a histrionical air to most of the commentary that is unfounded. We don't need to be able to reimplement Rails, or KVO, or Core Data – we need to come up with new ways to solve those problems with an approach like you're seeing working in practice, a more structured dynamism. And for what it's worth, all of those problems deserve another try at an answer. They're some of the most tricky parts of the platform. Oh my. http://gizmodo.com/5846133/the-best-ipod-prediction-ever-mad... comes to mind. Want to put money on that? Say, 40 million unit sales a year within a decade? Nonsequitor. The crown itself has no interest in spreading Wahhabism, but they do have an interest in keeping Wahhabis happy to avoid religion turning into an enemy of the state, or even worse, the state itself. He didn't, that section is from the OP. What if the DAO invested in short-selling Ethereum? 🤔🤑 Why I used them: I was a little punch-drunk waking up, and the DAO stuff the last couple days has been a great representation of the worst basic instincts we share. I was surprised to see an informal snarky response stay positively scored. I was even more surprised to see that the emoji weren't stripped. As for the question you actually asked, how did I? Emoji keyboard from iOS 10b1 on an iPhone 6s Plus in Safari. Buffalo local here, going off memory; They received about $700 million from the state to build a huge plant and create ~3,000 jobs. - http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/26/nyregion/cuomo-bets-on-sol... There's an air of corruption around it because the AG issued subpoenas, but it seems like there's no real fire behind the smoke. Publicly it's been discussed much in the same way the Gigafactory is, an opportunity to own production and drive costs down in one fell swoop. Relevant quote on your conjecture about it being a poor decision in the face of underestimating supply: "Although manufacturers are starting to boost idle production to match increasing global solar demand, SolarCity isn’t interested in conventional crystalline-silicon panels. “We’re seeing high-volume production of basic panels, but not high-volume production of advanced panels,” said Musk." - http://www.greentechmedia.com/articles/read/solarcity-just-a... the OP's proposition implied that it is the EU's dominant strategy to cut the U.K. a punitive deal that trades off short-term pain for the long-term pain of dissolving by attrition due to other nations leaving. Did anyone actually say any of those things? Or anything coming close to those things? Or did you just invent a strawman to beat up on the media? "actors are called ‘grains’," If you can write a sentence "X are called Y", and X is more well-known, drop Y. "You can then send messages to the grain by creating a proxy object, and calling the methods: var grain = GrainClient.GrainFactory.GetGrain ("grain1"); await grain.SayHello("World");" var brain = BrainClient.BrainFactory.GetBrain ("brain1"); await brain.Say("WTF"); http://www.buzzfeed.com/johntemplon/confirmed-obama-says-the... https://www.quora.com/Why-does-President-Obama-like-and-use-... Solar City was retconned into a vague document that takes a mile-high view of the problem. This was unambiguously poor corporate governance, unless you completely ignore the business side of...the business? The Big Short gets into why it's misplaced to blame the big banks for the crisis, and calling them "predatory and poorly run" goes several unjustified steps beyond that. Mortgage lenders, like Countrywide, who were selling predatory crap to banks that weren't questioning Countrywide enough, and had an unyielding faith in house prices always increasing. More doofus behavior than knowing malfeasance, at least, that's what I got out of the book? Clearly that's a minority viewpoint, perhaps I should re-read it...:X It happened quite frequently in my hometown of Buffalo, NY – I think. I want to double check before I write up some examples, what do you envision that isn't a food truck, yet has no commercial real estate? Does opening a restaurant in a residential district count? EDIT: I remembered one of them was featured in the NY Times this week, that makes it very to explain :) They started without a store front, selling bread to co-ops and food markets. It became a cult favorite, then it became a staple at local restaurants and coffee shops. They partnered with a excellent coffee shop, Public Espresso, to do a food truck, and launched this beautiful restaurant, in a light commercial corner in a heavily residential district. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/18/travel/breadhive-buffalo-r... There's copious evidence that's public, look for how it's talked about externally. I think you're substituting a particular group of Twitter users for the public - the general perception is Twitter is full of hateful trolls and management can't be bothered to control them. Painting the situation as "corporate contributer-wannabes" and "IANAL but let's do it anyway" is loaded language that seems intended to bring up negative tropes. The first is sneering at the host of potential contributors, because the host is willing to pay the salary of the contributors. The second is not remotely backed up by the facts. They've hired lawyers, and consulted the community. The community's predominant concern was whether the new license (Apache2) would be compatible with GPLv2. In the "We are now in this year" link, it's explicated how they consulted a gaggle of open source lawyers, determined the predominant belief was the new license was compatible with GPLv2. But they didn't stop there – they had a lawyer draft an addendum to really ensure that! Not a good look. Fever swamp paranoia, and wishing ill on a series of people clearly trying to do well and address every concern. I apologize, I didn't intend to give the impression my post was limited to addressing Theo. I expressly avoided addressing an individual, but clearly that wasn't enough. You are sadly witnessing one of the darkest consequences of 9/11. It was such traumatic event for the entire society, due to its stark reminder that we weren't safe, and the modern world hadn't solved every problem, after decades of comfort. There's a feedback cycle of increased fear, leading to unrealistic demands to fix it, leading to "solutions" that are immensely amplified by the media, and the politician's justifications of the solutions. That leads to increased fear...ad nauseum, to the point that you could credibly do a "Exisentially frightening" find and replace for every instance of "terrorism" and "Exisentially frightening (noun)" for terrorist. They're increasingly synonymous, and terrorist is the one losing definitive meaning. I don't blame politics for this. We elect them by popular vote, and don't usually reward them for giving us a stern talking to, rather than addressing our exisential fears. But, they could have avoided the types of solutions they've trumpeted. Solutions that killed tens of thousands of Americans and foreigners, altered the way we live, and wasted trillions of dollars that should have been spent lifting ourselves up. The terrorists won. They've done exactly what we know they wanted: create vast fear in the populace, and impose high economic costs, with relatively small acts committed by madmen. Hopefully we start choosing more reasonable solutions, responsibly fund the ones we've found (the TSA caused multi-day delays in major cities this summer), and stop demanding the impossible from our politicians. Popular opinion about Middle East military action is tortured logic. You can't be mad about Iraq, Libya, and Syria. They express the full spectrum of action we can take — at least, as far as the general public perceives it. There's interesting distinctions, but few are well-informed enough to have that be informing their opinion. I was nervous writing that post, imagining someone would think of even more severe things we lost, that I surely couldn't remember everything while furiously tapping out a post, and they'd glibly refer to it as if I had forgotten the fall of Western civilization had occurred, while I only cared about money ! I told myself this was being far too fearful. Surely those reading would recognize that the absence of every other cost in the post: the lives of hundreds of thousands, mass surveillance, the Patriot act, etc, etc, etc, and recognize that I couldn't enumerate everything in a post that was already too long. I worried more about narcissistic performance art, someone hopping in, vastly exaggerating with statements like habeas corpus was rolled back! and I had ignored it, and that seemed unlikely as well. Surely this was all manifestation of anxiety, anxiety I have to address. Thank you for showing that fear wasn't unfounded. Frankly, I'm too lazy to find a citation, but IIRC (99% sure) revelations from Al Qaeda documents have included that they knew exactly what they were doing, and the plan was to strike fear and cause economic costs – they viewed it as a response to ever-decreasing availability of funds and a recognition they didn't have the backing of enough civilians or soldiers to do something as ambitious as found a nation. ISIS' founding logic was Al Qaeda failed, and surely that was because it wasn't ambitious enough, and not pure enough. The solution was to rebase on fundamentalism and use the remnants of the Iraqi army to create a safe space for a caliphate to rule. Of course, I'm offering absolutely nothing to back my assertions here, so it's fair to ignore this. :) Except hes looking for a small form factor Android phone, roughly the size of a iPhone 4s, not a phone that has to be smaller than a 4s. OP, grandparent is correct, I was in your situation and a 5X was perfect. Pixel and Pixel XL look like they'll be too big, but you should wait for the October 4th event to confirm. It's impossible to respond to your post with a response involving reason, you're not appealing to reason. You made an unfounded assertion, with a scolding for not enumerating your unfounded assertion in my list of consequences of 9/11. This list is no list – it's literally two items that I had chosen specifically for that paragraph because A) they were important to my reasoning B) they were the two explicit goals of al Qaeda operations, decided upon as the best strategy after increasing scare resources limited potential scope of operations, and lack of appetite to become a religious nation-state. When called on your unfounded assertion and scolding, you attempted to take a step back. You sarcastically mocked my defense, by conflating the time I took to write a long post, with me taking time to write a long list of absolutely every cost to humanity after 9/11. You claimed my response was really just imaginary concerns and a personal attack, complained I didn't engage your unfounded assertion, and posted two pages of the table of contents of an unidentified book. I spent ~10 minutes trying to learn more about the author and his assertions, and couldn't find any information on Google that would remotely shed light on your unfounded assertion. Even if I had, it doesn't change anything. The most charitable version of the only argument you've offered is I'm callous to care more about trillion of dollars in economics consequences that our fundamental rights as a society. That's not what happened. All that happened is I built the paragraph around mentioning al Qaeda's only two explicitly goals, and that they had accomplished them at level beyond their wildest imagination. At the end, I'm thinking, this was utterly a waste of time for the both of us, except you've gotten to engage me two posts in a row now. That's usually the mark of a troll. You sound unfamiliar with Ian Gibbons' role in the situation. He was Therano's chief scientist for 8 years. It's hard to envision how Holmes could have ignored his concerns simply because the rest of her echo chamber was positive, short of God herself fêting Holmes. For more info on Ian: http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/09/elizabeth-holmes-ther... The quote is irrelevant, we certainly know she didn't listen to concerns! :) The thread you started is about the thesis that she was in an echo chamber of positive thinking due to her being "pretty", and I'm specifically addressing your attempt to defend it by noting that once Kissinger made Holmes feel like Wile E. Coyote, she wouldn't listen to some punk. All the reporting indicates Kissinger wasn't involved, and that she ignored even her chief scientist's grave concerns. It wasn't just "some punk", and she wasn't getting a pass from everyone because she was pretty. My anecdata matches the author's - I feel more productive doing TDD. Perhaps because it's less stressful. You think about system design as you code, instead of only when you hit a wall and have to rewrite everything, or when you have to clean up for code review. Either way, if it has little to no compact on dev team or code quality, I bet the positive impact TDD has on team morale would make it worthwhile. I was under the impression banks are happy to get 5-10% profit margin these days, is there a distinction between operating margin and profit margin that explains that? It's fun being a free rider! A vast majority of these claims are extraordinary and have no sourcing. Source on using government as her personal piggy bank? I had to find the emails the first article references by myself because they didn't link to them. I was drawn to because the pull quotes sounded out of context, and they are. The emails referenced dont say nearly what the article claims, it's extremely unclear how they came to their conclusion. The second article you cite expressly avoids saying any preferential treatment was received, and notes the donation was unsolicited. What major conflicts of interest involved Russia and Haiti? Both of those are a contradiction in terms - at what point would Clinton have multiple interests in them? The 33k emails are gone, so I can't read them. You note they show her direct involvement. Direct involvement in what? How do you have access to the emails? Have you considered leaking them? You're iterating your talking points without explaining the previous state of them, so it's very tiring, so I have no interest in participating. None of my questions have been answered :( Your post reads as picking at my the wording of my questions because you feel it betrays sympathy for people who disagree with you, and it's bundled with even more extraordinary claims. Before reading the following, please consider that I genuinely wish you well and think you're making an honest effort at staying out of ideological swamps. There's no need to feel that I'm judging you or your choice of sourcing, I'm only curious about this subject and genuinely want to learn more, so I'm trying to find more source material. When no charges are bought after 4 years under a president and attorney general who have been thirsting to try her for anything , I hope you reconsider the fever swamp of information we've been discussing. These...news...sites contradict their own sources, and from the research I've done and the form of your answers, it seems impossible to find justification for their extraordinary claims. You're correct, in fact, it warns explicitly assinging a datetime unless it _has_ to be done by then. That being said, the biggest reason my GTD practice fails is I rarely spend time getting things done, but instead end up grooming an ever-growing to-do list. Assigning datetimes to trigger reminders is tempting... It's absolutely untrue that the lunches are about saving time. Please note the work/life balance commentary in the article. You're jumping to high-minded ideological explanations that confirm your bias based on facts you've unilaterally created. Does that formula, beyond being about as reliable, apply to the iPhone? It seemed the gate was if it was much more convenient. It's a nod to Siri requiring the app name, Siri API was punted from iOS 9 to add that, it was considered a privacy risk. I don't agree FWIW. Yeah, grandparent is spam: https://techcrunch.com/2016/06/07/lending-robot-makes-lendin... You're the only one linking these two ideas together. The article expressly separates discussion of how Samsung gathered data to inform their filesystem design from discussion about Motorola's fsync implementation, and they're inherently separate concepts. 6 of your former security officers say this isn't true, and that the company ignored warnings about the information being available. It's hard to come up with a way to rationalize the above comment, when the comment is in the discussion of an article showing you're, at best, naïve. "Waymo stands for a new way forward in mobility." Does that imply my USB C battery won't work with my new MacBook Pro? :( http://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-talk/semiconductors/optoelectr... The comment doesn't come off as snarky, but instead a milder version of the content of the article. Namely: I don't agree with Go marketing their GC as if it magically provides no trade offs. Since reading the original design doc for it, I've assumed that Google was simply lazy/didn't care about Android, because the Android GC didn't provide this magic. Apologies for the brusque contrarianism, but this simply isn't true. I spent hours pouring over all the material they published when starting on this journey, because I was astounded that a team with a reputation for purposely avoiding groundbreaking work in favor of productivity today, had done something truly groundbreaking. It wasn't remotely clear that the advancement here was "We don't provide settings, because we're guesstimating your workload matches the standard Go use case!", and all the histrionics further masked this truth. At this point I'm just repeating the article, though. :) Yeesh. Good luck.[1] [1]: https://www.google.com/get/sunroof#p=0 A tremendous yawp of a LOL, thank you :-) ...I hate to be aggressive here, but did you read the darn article? It's the reason we're even on this page, and it directly addresses your point. That's even underselling it, the entire purpose of the article is to ask and answer your point. I walked away with the impression that trends couldn't be extrapolated, thanks to various snippets from the article, but there's no pull quote that clearly proves it, so, sure. The noise problem you brought up apropos of nothing. You're responding to a comment responding to a comment that had concerns that were already addressed by the article, to let me know your concerns weren't addressed by the article. Surely there's a better place in the comment hierarchy for this? You'll get ignored down here. Depressing. Is there any reason to think Putin's strategies are unsustainable? The Syrian atrocities. Sabre-rattling destabilizing Estonia. http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/12/trump-russia-... You have invented a straw man. The parent was referring to activity such as draining resources and stoking fears in the populace of Estonia. See http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/12/trump-russia-... . Also, Russia's backing of Assad in Syria propped up a dictator assaulting civilians with banned chemical weapons and lead to the deaths of hundreds of thousands, and a refugee crisis that disrupted a continent. You extrapolated a particular interpretation of my comment into a bizarre straw man (how in the world does the US being afloat justify the acts I named? Completely invalid argumentation), downvoted me, and put me down. I'm not sure there's much charitable behavior occuring here, but I upvoted you across the board. :) Troll away, good sir! It's complete non-sequitor - noting that all countries do bad things doesn't have any relation to wanting countries who commit bad things to have less resources. I'm guessing you're attempting to claim that I'm saying that all countries should have less resources, thus making my point moot, but that would require me not believing all countries should have less resources, which requires you guessing about my state of mind to prop up a straw man. Bwah? Anyways, the whole thing is obviated by the larger category of error: black and white thinking on your part. The context of the atrocities matters. Yeesh. And you're trying to claim that any misrepresentation of these atrocities happening validates the atrocities altogether. Hundreds of thousands of innocents died, the way it happened is irrelevant to the claim it was an atrocity. You're incredibly rude, short sighted, and all your huffing and puffing amounts to is a poor utilitarian defense of a horribly executed demonetization. Sorry to be brash, but I'm appalled at your behavior and I'm about to walk into work so there's no time to dance around the facts. Over time, it seemed to me there was a strong correlation between the technical expertise of my co-workers and their ability to neuter anti-social behavior. To be fair, I went from poorly funded startups and contracting work to BigCo. Is it sensical to accuse the entirety of HN of spinning all Uber stories negatively, and then in the next sentence note Uber doesn't talk about what it does for drivers, implying you understand that HN's perspective is primarily influenced by reams of rigorous work showing Uber drivers have a very precarious position? The insanely high star requirements (What is it, 4.4? 4.8?) are more than enough to doubt Uber's charity, especially when your PR department focuses on spinning intentionally breaking laws as a crusade for everyone's rights, instead of communicating all the wonderful things done for drivers. Imagine if Apple removed apps with lower than a 4.5 star rating, and then an Apple employee commented on Apple's unambiguously helpful response to a national crisis by immediately trashing HN and crowing about all the secret wonderful things Apple does for developers. What is upstream? Alas, poor Yorick! For later viewers who won't understand the down votes, because comments have relative times after an hour: this is a content-free quibble over who deserves credit, the grandparent, who linked an original source with a perfectly pulled quote, or the parent, who "guessed" 4 minutes later. I explicitly said parent and grandparent, and frankly, it's helpful to point out toxic behavior, it encourages down votes. This is reaching quite a bit. I'm the stereotype mentioned, but I only exhibit ~30% of the traits treated as universal. The author's self-conception, and conception of the groups they partake in, isn't enough to support anything after the first couple sentences. After 3 years in Swift, the only clear drawback outside compile times, is exactly this. It's a real shock coming from Objective-C. Ad hoc name-spacing by prefixing classes, and a language/core framework that's been stable for 30 years, made it extremely easy to Google and get an accurate answer immediately. Moving to a language that adds major features twice a year, and invalidated large swaths of code by mass-renaming Cocoa in Swift 3, has made it much harder to find correct material One can insert arbitrary data into JPGs. Given that, the researchers embedded a JPG in a PDF, and manipulated the arbitrary data until it resulted in a collision. It's heavily used now. Works very well. How laudable is this, really? I've had the privilege of either working for myself, the company that acquired mine and let me run the dev, or at Google. From that perspective, and what I understand about ops, the rarity is not having the attitude mentioned in the parent. No Beautiful. "Elon said..." has started enough apologies for Tesla's poor judgement that I've become numb to it. They're all of the form "while it may look like we're weak, actually ...(poorly reasoned explanation for the weakness)", and it has been going on for years. I hope they figure out car production by 2019. My instincts feel that way, but Apple Music announced they crossed 20 million paid users in 12/2016, 40% of Spotify's 50+ million. Anecdotally, discover weekly is a tremendous hit. Makes you wish for functional public capital markets so we knew the real story. mxcl hasn't worked at Apple in quite a while. I'm not sure Apple would ever give him marching orders on an open source project that he wasn't "much involved in...in years", including years before his Apple employment. Really? I'm very surprised anyone would blame malfeasance on anatomy. With ~infinite inventory, there's ~infinite demand for ads, even crap ones that barely monetize. The whole "relying on an open standards organization" bit. I'm not sure offering prime position to a relatively random tech foundation that Google donates to will play better than relying on an independent advertising industry group. Given. A choice between indiscriminate regulation by a foundation of my industry, and an independent organization of an industry choosing to self-regulate, companies should prefer the second. It doesn't require Android's death, just the end of it being able to piggyback on the balance sheet of another, arguably independent, division. In this case, that would mean forcing Android to become independently profitable, rather than a way for GoogleWebApps Inc. to "monopolize" internet endpoints on billions of devices. I think they're referring to Keychain items surviving an app deletion. That quietly stopped working in a recent iOS update. One implies the other, so in this unholy pedantic discussion, a winning move is to point out that being involved in selling is the same as being involved in buying. Another tact: Otto is accused of being involved in selling secrets. Uber bought Otto. Otto is now Uber. Therefore, Uber is accused of being involved in selling secrets. For me, the second sentence parses into the opposite of what you mean It's eerie to read this thread - I know little about crypto, after reading the article, I thought the NSA was clearly planning to break all HTTPS traffic. Its unimpressive to watch whoever you are (author? Publisher? Someone who repeatedly implies they have a connection to The Intercept but doesn't explicate it?) to be argumentative with, frankly, poor excuses whenever someone points out its possible for someone to misread the article exactly the way I misread it. And not coincidentally, the NSA. :) "Not even wrong" Not sure why you're being downvoted - it's from Jobs' famous Stanford commencement speech. http://news.stanford.edu/2005/06/14/jobs-061505/ +1. While adding billions to their coffers may not be the motivation, there's a ravenous appetite to figure out how to distribute wealth of this obscenely rich generation of multinationals. This reeks of an ineffectual political institution grasping for one of the few solutions it can implement. The article discusses how China is building 4 gigafactories worth of capacity by 2020. It's unclear what your tone signifies, muddying your message. It's a couple commonly known truths about Tesla, with a tone of "take THAT Bloomberg!" You buried the lede a bit. The image contains a slur in its proposal to kill all Jews You can't express vast generalizations that are stereotypes and expect the rest of us to feel comfortable working with you. Stories say it was intentionally spread in large public forums. He's implicitly claiming some of them shouldn't be there, or he believes that miraculously every single women at Google clears the bar for desirable traits in a programming without affirmative action. Come on now, which one do you think he believes? He made it pretty clear, clear enough that pretty much no one would want to work with the dude. It absolutely does not follow that everyone who had a PhD at Harvard in Biology gets to say whatever they want about humans, especially in a way that's derogatory of his coworkers. This is by far my highest upvoted post in this thread, even higher than ones that exhibit much stronger "virtue-signaling" Given that, I'm guessing the justification for the statements is a little more self-evident than you're letting on. In it effort to save myself some time (seriously, you're asking me for about 20 minutes worth of work), just checking first, have you read the leaked document? It's at Gizmodo: http://gizmodo.com/leaked-document-details-apple-employee-in... . EDIT: Also, do the other replies to you make things a little clearer? Please keep in mind I'm not trying to be passive-aggressive, I come from similiar intellectual stock to you. That's why I'm in disbelief that you need pullquotes and an explanation to tie them together, I'm sure it'll click for you without that. Yes, seriously. You're playing looser with definitions, but in the sense they used conservative, yes. That argument seems shallow, though, you could use it to say was incredibly effective - Android OEMs didn't get sued after that! Pixel sold incredibly well and far beyond expectations, it was sold out for months. Unfortunately, no. Purchasing power differs across economies. While exchange rate correlates with purchasing power, it's merely a rough measurement, not something you'd base analysis on. You dont have to look far, the article is written by Cruise’s CEO. :-) Those are the support forums, GP is asking about developer forums. Yes, Apple monitors them, but apparently not closely enough :/ Just like Vive, PiMax is a SteamVR headset. The premise Google is responsible for the issues he mentions is demonstrably false. AMP's foundational tenents don't include Google Search is the one and only search engine. Bing and Microsoft's apps have been using AMP publicly for 1.5 years, with Google's help and support during development. The comments after are Apple bugs, not issues with Google or AMP. To wit, the AMP foundation hired an open source consultancy 6 months to bring WebKit's frame implementation in sync with modern browsers, which also fixes the scrolling issues. See http://frederic-wang.fr/amp-and-igalia-working-together-to-i... And rightly so, the quote is from Brent Simmons' article. However, you're right anyways: you can't reach Tim's article by searching quotes. Outside the country. Yes. I'd be careful drawing definitive conclusions about the success of a product that shipped last week, then using them to drive larger generalizations about what "many people" think, and after setting up the strawmen, knock them down with arguments about market share in unrelated products. It's okay to criticize flaws in a product, even if this modern-day golden examplar of a vertically integrated company can leverage its integration to move a ton of product. I stopped at "Customers have indicated they want it": that's vague enough to be unassailable, yet crucial backbone for 2 essays about how "many people" are fundamentally misunderstanding consumer electronics demand, thus they're not qualified to critique HomePod as a product. I don't think there's much chance of having a productive conversation If only I had a nickel for every online commenter who swore up and down that no one else implements or supports AMP, and then uses that to justify claiming Google is trying to fork the web...all major platforms pursuing end-arounds mobile ad garbage, _except_ Facebook and Apple, use and contribute to AMP. Anyways, I'm just happy to finally have usable web results on mobile. His views _as stated_ necessarily meant _some_ women he worked with weren't qualified to be his coworkers because of their gender. You have a right to free speech, not to alienate your coworkers. He literally says that those hiring practices can lower the bar. Sure, maybe he's saying that the bar for white/Asian men is higher than intended rather than that the bar for women and minorities is lower than intended, but you can't honestly argue that he isn't saying that women and minorities could be clearing a lower bar than white/Asian men. From a statistics point of view, this statement is dispositive: "...decrease the false negative rate, not increase the false positive rate." The interaction between type I and type II errors virtually always have an inverse relationship. You cannot decrease one without increasing the other. It is, for example, one of the difficulties in making good medical diagnostic tests. From a statistics point of view, this statement is dispositive: "...decrease the false negative rate, not increase the false positive rate." The interaction between type I and type II errors virtually always have an inverse relationship. You cannot decrease one without increasing the other. It is, for example, one of the difficulties in making good medical diagnostic tests. P.S. snarky commentary such as 'read the memo yourself', implying I'm lying about having read it, doesn't contribute to civil discussion. Was he? Damore did not specify that all his coworkers were qualified. Damore believed Google lowered the bar, hence the statements I've made explaining how he offended his coworkers. It is reasonable to believe Google _hasn't_ lowered the bar, and if you did, you would be offended by a long document warning about gender-biased consequences of lowering the bar. I'm not sure how productive this thread is. I'm very surprised by your repeated assertions that there's direct textual evidence I'm mistaken, yet you're willing to accuse me of bad faith repeatedly, instead of just correcting me. Alas, this is the 1st time I posted it. There was a heavy bias to down voting all of my comments for the first 4-6 hours, which evened out to the opposite over time. I usually see this pattern in gender-related threads It's explicitly _not_ my argument! :) "You have a right to free speech, not to alienate your coworkers." He wasn't prohibited from saying anything. What happened here? "macOS Changed a macOS thing. #123 Windows Changed a Windows thing. #123" Doesn't your question prove the GP's point? Flutter renders both iOS ("Cupertino" theme) and Android components - check out the gallery app, you can see both in action. It's beautiful. Google supports all of the same languages as Siri, and also supports Brazilian Portuguese. Amazon supports 2 languages Considering a U.S. ally had their tendrils so deep inside GRU that they had a live video feed, you should probably reevaluate your assigned probabilities. Your entire posting history is devoted to obscure conspiracy screeds whenever Russia is involved – it's truly remarkable your account has persisted this long. better safe than sorry, and I doubt the car seizes up and bails Yeah, it would totally suck to have strangers attacking your ethics instead of considering the small tap targets on iPad minis. Oftentimes engineers see law like code, if you can find a way to break it, great! In practice, this wouldn't fly, the whole point of court is to negotiate between the letter of the law and the situation to obtain justice. In the hypothetical it's very clear why she actually got fired I get it, but I'd remove the first 6/7 of the post and add another 6/7 explaining the last sentence. The first 6/7 is a condescending description of something obvious that doesn't respond to the OP's post, then reads histrionics into the post, then in the final sentences veers towards a real explanation, only to leave the rest as an unobvious exercise to the reader. Bwah? The permissions model is the same on Android and iOS, if you opt into permissions, you have to "manually switch between white/black lists to opt them out" The low voice bit isn't in the article, was it previously? If I understand correctly, the reactive part is the fact the user gets output after providing input Unfortunately, no. U.S. life expectancy has stalled O(10 years) while others steadily improve. 2013: https://www.cbsnews.com/news/report-us-life-expectancy-lowes... 2018: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https:/... No Why stretch the facts to make it seem like Apple is allowing system-wide ad blockers? You seem to concede repeatedly it doesn't, yet argue that as long as Safari is covered, even when hosted in 3rd party apps, it's the same thing? I'm interested in which details OP can present - I'm somewhat surprised to be put in a position where I have to do a breakdown of Apple's security vs. Google's to address a claim that doesn't have anything backing it, and is specifically stated with uncertainty ("I'm pretty sure...") I'm only _somewhat_ surprised because people have a high-level idea that Apple is the one manufacturer concerned with security, and I'm somewhat _surprised_ because tptacek is involved, and he's aware that it's highly unusual to request no proof from the original claim while asking people addressing it to provide proof. This contradiction leads me to believe tptacek has info on this that could settle things, leading me to resent facing two generations of posts that don't attempt to flesh out a claim while I'm downvoted for not fleshing out a claim, and I'm requested to make a claim. I'll keep eating downvotes instead, this is objectively unreasonable. EDIT: ...and there's already a sibling post that addresses this. Not a great look folks. :/ This isn't true :/ Easiest way to address the claims, let me know if you need a more detailed breakdown: Note Facebook's VPN is still available - they're just not allowed to advertise it blocks ads, which they never did in the first place. MicroLED has been 5 years away for 5 years. What improvements are needed to increase OLED sales? PPI is at the top of my list because it's a necessary condition for VR to go mainstream. Google has command chaining, as well as Routines - i.e. Shortcuts, but with intuitive UI. Apple is moving Automator to iOS, this isnt voice UI, its imprecise programming: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DhbmQJBX4AMEoho.jpg:large The sun goes down at night You're replying to a comment about the true cost of solar being the battery + the panels, asking why anyone would think of buying a battery. That's why. Did this end up going anywhere interesting? As written up, it sounds like an attempt to simplify programming that would just turn into a "turtles all the way down" problem. Different sources will have different spins. Surely the Fuchsia team wouldn't think they're in glorified daycare, it's unlikely their superiors would tell journalists they are. Apple sources displays from Samsung, I assumed Samsung built them in Korea. Does Samsung do their manufacturing in China? This is _so_ true. I have a unique career, no CS education, built a startup to scratch my itch, had no teammates on my codebase, worked on it for 5 years, sold it, now I've been at (insert FANG) for 2 years. On my own, I would look at code I wrote 6 months ago, wonder what idiot wrote that, then figure out if it was actually bad, or I just didn't understand it. With staff turnover and a lack of incentive for engineers to prioritize shipping (thats the manager and PM's problem), there's a heavy bias to "It's bad, rewrite it" rather than "Oh, it gets the job done, I just didn't understand it, let me research and comment the code". _Tons_ of time is wasted. nit: Android was purchased long before Apple entered the market. Doesn't change your argument, no one was expecting vendors to rush to a new OS because of the iPhone revolution. No - they bought Android 2 years before the iPhone was announced, and 6-12 months before rumors about it appeared. You're thinking of the apocryphal story that Google completely pivoted Android when Eric Schmidt heard about the iPhone at the last Apple board meeting before the iPhone announcement I'm really confused. We went from everyone backing an open codec to a dystopia with no explanation of how, only what. The writing style is fun but makes it impossible to tell what parts are shared by our reality. Yes. However, it is still difficult to discern what is verbal flourish and what is a step along the way to dystopia. By difficult, I mean impossible, and there's a large number of commenters talking past eachother about this issue. That's quite a leap. Most people don't have USB C, it makes sense to ship A/B and call attention to that unless you're making accessories for specific laptop models. To be honest I think that's jumping to conclusions based on an article that's absolutely leaping to conclusions. It's highly unlikely Google's web crawling team conspired with AMP to force the web to convert to AMP This thread is in response to a section of the article where this claim was made Apple discontinued it yesterday, it's not part of the lineup. The doc answers the question, so this kind of reaction boils down to "I don't want to read the doc, I'm not willing to take answers at face value, can you please write a concise summary of the doc that I will take at face value?" I've been in a similar situation with more upside – I suggest pulling up a retirement calculator and seeing where you are financially compared to where you want to be. If you're interested in hearing more about the difference in cultures, and how that will feel after some time, feel free to reply with a place I can contact you privately. Put another way, you'll learn much more about how to identify and work with talented people on difficult projects at Google than at a startup. At a startup you're worried about how you'll pack a bologna sandwich for lunch tomorrow, at Google you're a sous chef for a 5 star banquet hall in NYC. I've done both extremes, and you're absolutely right, but the point still stands no matter how many cases we can find that might hint at the opposite :) you're talking about Google Pay and Google Express I've seen very few peers feel this way occassionally, and it's insane to me. If you can't find a way to get value from 30m with your manager, there's something obstinate about you, not wise. It's an somewhat provactive when stated that shortly as a thesis, but the thrust is Kubernetes has significant more value as an _economic concern_, not as a _system critical engineering component_ like the HN comments are taking it. With the evidence cited, it is a powerful argument it's working just fine, you can Google(tm) it s/that/"I don't feel bad for the game developer, they don't gatekeep with their pricing model" Which ones? I wrote ObjC for 7 years, Swift for 3. I only looked at the first two examples, they both were generic programming advice, nothing to do with the language I thought I'd do the "3-5 year stint then move back" thing - bad news is BigCo is even more laid back than anything I can imagine, there's beauty in the invisibility of being one in a crowd That is counter to nearly everything I've read from equally intelligent, cautious, subject matter experts over the past couple days. It wasn't supposed to explode. The first one wasn't supposed to explode either. China has been shut down for weeks, Japan and South Korea are shutting down, and you're here saying talking about it is a political thing. Truly an idiocracy Ah Elon, you always have an excuse Its a really, really good language - there's links in another post to programming usage ranking blogs, Dart has spiked over the last year, and they note "for languages, frameworks lead adoption" to put it as plainly as possible, it's absolutely hilarious that tech people buy into these insane myths about AMP, there's a reason why no serious antitrust person brings it up, it's fighting on Google's territory - it's a wide open standard, used throughout the industry, formed in response to proprietary solutions designed to tax suppliers by Facebook and Apple, immediately and fully shared with competitors. The 'your iPhone is an Xbox' is the Gruber approved narrative as of last week, the Apple community left defending this is sextupling down on that idea. that bizarrely didn't appear till last week, which is odd. Before that it was 'appliance'. But I'll accept the downvotes for the churlish tone That's actually the case? Did anyone else here read the article? "Facebook has no plans to retrieve the equipment." This is off-topic slippery-slope hysterics that have nothing to do with the story Off-topic hysterics Off-topic hysterics You should share how Safari and Firefox handle URLs, rather than feeding into everyone's reactions it's an odd way to frame Apple asking for a slice of a pie that's 100% consumers, I think that's where the disconnect is honestly, i felt the same way after a good 15-20 minute read - I think it's one of those where you have to read it a few times, leave space in between, and Google as soon as you start getting confused I used to be the person in that letter, for years, and suffice it to say you're correct - the Apple community, at least on Twitter, is divided into those who Get It and understand that what Apple is doing is better for humanity, and those that don't. Only the people that find their way to the 'right' arguments are consistently welcomed - more than a few famous people in the community had to backpedal into saying Epic is just as bad because they want to make money off app sellers too, and not only that, they _entrapped_ Apple. Daring Fireball plays a key role in what exactly 'Get It' means - ex. the nauseating amount of people saying all this is cool because something something Epic is a big corporation too. the Tesla Autopilot rewrite due in 6-10 weeks that'll enable self-driving cars, promised by Elon on Friday, must be going well if the head of Autopilot is playing around with language ML models and open sourcing them https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1294374864657162240?s=20 I agree, I do side projects on the weekend to decompress, but...not a great look in 4 years and running of consumer fraud edit: rolling my eyes at downvotes, we have a CEO and CTO selling "full self driving" for several thousand dollars, promising cross-continental trips by end of year, promising you're buying a money printing robotaxi, telling you to buy today before they raise prices because fair market value is $150K. You have direct evidence of this as recently as 72 hours ago. If you're still splitting hairs to infer good faith, who is benefiting from that? Karpathy is the head of Tesla autopilot, and the headline is Karpathy's MinGPT. There was an insanely popular one, TouchArcade, that died because of the same burst of action by Apple. Crazy to see this come full circle, TouchArcade was run by one of the most loyal and oldest Apple blogs, MacRumors. Laundering a guideline about not being rude about people's work into not talking about the people behind the work, especially when they're running a years long, millions of dollars fraud, isn't exactly the HN you want, sir. You're on the verge of an epiphany about how full-time SWEs are treated versus retail employees, but it'll require grappling with the fact its unlikely he made up 100% of the story There's no substantive difference between those two descriptions - the manager and employee both work for Apple edit to empty, please [flagged] What? Google doesn't give a damn about education but they actually care so much they're lying about their commitment to hiring people from the degree curriculum it designed? To this reader, 'its actually much more important than a Ferrari' weakens your argument for legalizing bribing college officials for admission extremely similar to Flutter, SwiftUI is a sort of more wonky FP-y approach and they have a lot of work to do to flesh out the API still, we'll know more then That's kind of the thing though...those took 26 bil in subsidies to generate 20 bil in revenue to duplicate existing tech (spacex def gets credit for reusable, obvi, but Tesla man, yuck) We're not :/ we just know our field It makes me sad that a technical comment from someone in the field thats widely echoed somehow compares to funding an EV and space travel startup. No one claimed Musk couldn't do that... Any ouija board lies with the wrong seance supervisor Apple removed a browser from the App Store today, notifying the developer they were "'extending WebKit' by hooking it into the native GameController framework and thus Bluetooth controllers, which they didn’t like."[1] Apple has no rules against having Bluetooth and web views in the same app, and there are plenty of other apps that do this.[2-4] I think this is an excellent example of the 'heads you win, tails you lose' nature of Apple neutering WebKit's support for web APIs while simultaneously claiming the web is available as an alternative to apps on their devices. [1] https://twitter.com/zmknox/status/1318315932268204032 [2] https://apps.apple.com/us/app/bluefy-web-ble-browser/id1492822055 [3] https://apps.apple.com/us/app/lightblue/id557428110 [4] https://apps.apple.com/us/app/webble/id1193531073 not me. as you say, this is exactly what Apple is telling MS and Google to do. either web, 30%, or a ton of hoops The scary part of this story, to me, is it seems they can do something: they can pull that from the App Store arbitrarily by inventing another 'new' 'rule' that was never on the books or enforced There's roughly 1+ billion devices running Safari _daily_, I'm not sure we should torture a Safari bug into a problem with Chrome I agree there's tons of threads above us that have cobbled together assumptions to make it feel totally cool and no problem at all for the stores and backend. I don't agree they know the impact, and it's just plain dumb to announce you're abusing a private API for fun under your real name and employer, it's equivalent to yelling "I abused my unauthorized access to a billionaire's computers!" in front of the billionaire and DoJ lawyers. Everything will probably be fine but this was _not_ very smart. A lot of things "literally kill" people, by the definition you're using. It's a weak argument if you move from "people will die, to say nothing of the impact to the economy" — presumably, of using a different taxi app? The strict adhesion to economics you're proposing would say a new marketing clearing price would be reached, not start making alarmist overstatements about what higher prices could imply The new iPhone has LIDAR. Solid state LIDAR continues to improve and get cheaper. The legal problem & consequences for Facebook werent because of users who opted in to CA collection, the problem was getting your friend's data, who did not consent. Just in case OP never comes back or you're not aware when you reply later: This was _exactly_ the issue with CA, data for academics with an IRB laundered into a for-profit entity. It, seemingly, isn't inevitable - I can count on one, _maybe_ two hands the number of unfair incidents I've heard since I started hearing people trumpeting the dark side view that 100% absolutely all power is put into service of evil, always. I'm taking umbrage with the "But this kind of thing becomes inevitable" part > Please save your insults for someone who has asked for them. frankly, you did - other than links, your post consists of a unprompted, charged, polemic insisting that you refuse to read the article being discussed. This is especially uncouth given you effectively stepped into a room that says on the door "Group Assembled To Comment on Article" Let me really blow your mind - she was there and went through the same thing, this was her first mainstream resurgence since then, years later, and now suffice it to say this is probably her last article Article explaining is here: https://washingtoncitypaper.com/article/273495/goodbye-to-al... - subtitle "Has former New Republic starlet Ruth Shalit left Washington in the dust--or is it the other way around?" Surprised I got downvoted, curious, was it because there wasn't any evidence? "For now, Starlink internet cuts off for seconds at a time every couple of minutes" - wait, what? I don't understand IMHO you're looking at it from a software engineer lens - from a product lens as I understand it, this is huge for OEMs as it's a way to upsell while gaining the ability to target a significantly larger chunk of the market. It provides a way to get 4k dual monitor support for pros and marketable video game support for prosumers, both in ~$600 fanless ultrabooks You are claiming that being verbally abusive in response to a correct claim is justifiable as long as the author eventually wrote something that may be itself derived from the same correct claim. More concisely: you're way out of line here and doubling down is pushing you further over it I believe his point is comments like this are reductive, and more an indicator of pop culture familiarity than anything substantive about protecting user's privacy. minority report's facial recognition involved swarms of fist-sized flying insect robots invading apartments, and facial recognition on my iPhone allows me to secure my data from the state Best feature ever: https://www.macworld.com/article/3236793/how-to-quickly-and-... . Not sure what you're driving at here, could you explain? To put it more simply on my end: iPhones use biometric authentication to secure your data, and the eye-scanning swarm of spider robots are from a 20 year old fictional movie. Growing up in the early 00s, software used APIs without fear of rules being imposed after the fact, and without needing to become arbitrarily successful in an authoritarian regime the OS & hardware manufacturers deemed a key market. Not sure what you're driving at here, could you explain? To put it more simply on my end: iPhones use biometric authentication to secure your data, and the eye-scanning swarm of spider robots are from a 20 year old fictional movie. I'm fortunate enough to have needed a Pixel 5 _in addition_ to a Pixel 4a, results are nonsensical imo, 5 is _definitely_ more buttery i work at faang and cannot confirm, sadly. 1 4k or 2 1080p Gotta be frank because it's not getting through: you're jumping way ahead here. Every time one of these threads has happened, there's an ever-increasing # of people who vaguely remember reading a story about Apple GeekBench numbers, so therefore this one is credible too - I used to be one of those people. This has been going regularly for 3-4 years now, and your interlocutor as well as other comments on this article are correct - comparing X86 versus ARM on GeekBench is nonsensical due to the way GeekBench eliminates thermal concerns and the impact of sustained load. Your iPhone can't magically do video editing or compile code faster than an i5. that's comparing a hardware encoder to a software one, unfortunately, as the replies note. it's unfortunately drowned out by the cpu throttling scandal on google, but, its well-known in ar dev (and if you get to talk to an apple engineer away from stage lights at wwdc) that you have to proactively choose to tune performance, or you'll get killed after a minute or two due to thermal throttling. yup! and the variety of ways to leak that information along the way...Privacy(tm)! Lots to unpack here: > It discourages exactly the kind of behavior it pretends to want to see Assuming cartoonish levels of bad faith and asserting a contradiction in terms becomes the foundation for a lot of what follows > Dads are disadvantaged in the same way Moms are, but then they're screwed over at work more (since expectations are set by articles like this one that it's the mom's duty). As you noted above, the article advocates for the opposite of what you're asserting here. > They're screwed over a third time in custody battles, when thanks to stereotypes like these, they will invariably get the short stick on custody. Best a Dad primary caretaker can hope for, unless the Mom is a drunk psychotic, is 50/50. Typical is Mom gets custody. This simply isn't true, 2 of the 3 cases I know the dad got 80/20, primarily because he had a more stable situation, such as a full time job as a nurse, and/or owning a house. > It's perfectly possible to write an article like this in neutral terms "primary caretaker," and point out the majority are women, and there's a disparate gender impact. It's an article about primary caretakers. By implying by correlation that it's 100% women, it does a ton of harm. As you noted, you believe this was _implied_ - as a neutral reader, I'm not inclined to just agree with your assertion that it was implied, you actively threw away that opportunity by opening strong with the claim that the article is "pretending" to "want to see" things - you can intro people with a strong take, in fact, I need to do that more in my writing. But, you can't be three paragraphs in reasserting your strong claim, at this point we should have some discussion of evidence. > As a footnote, that problem is pretty common. We don't have domestic violence laws. We have a "violence against women act." I'm not even sure how that's constitutional, but the result is that law enforcement ignores domestic violence against men. You are asserting that the marketing name for one piece of legislation 24 years ago means that everyone only uses violence against women against preferring the general neutral. There's plenty of laws against "domestic violence" specifically, that's how it's referred to in law, and domestic violence is used _much_ more frequently - 22x as many, in fact. > That's not to speak of the whole LGBTQ community, whom the author thinks it's okay to f- over by assuming a family is a husband and a wife. All of your observations through this point were about how men are unfairly treated compared to women. This gives the reader absolute whiplash, because now you're claiming it's offensive to _talk about gender at all_ in relation to this. There's a way to talk about this stuff that isn't a series of assertions - I'm sure OP is hurt, and I'm sure you were too. I have been as well. It's odd to see that twisted into justification for claiming men are the one injured by sexism, especially when it's a series of things that are, at their face, false. It's extremely disproportionate to take a magnifying glass to evidence that _has_ to be anecdotal, by definition, when my interlocutor didn't even try including an anecdote. It's so disproportionate that I believe you're piling on bad-faith snark, not looking for me to post family court paperwork "asymmetry of injuries" is just anodyne enough of a phrase to seem obvious and fine, but it doesn't follow at all from GPs post. GPs post is about how men face _symmetrical_ injury, thus it is unfair to say it's an _asymmetric_ issue and only females are affected (if you need convincing on this, note their invocation of how unfair it is to LGBTQ people that the debate is reduced to gender...the opposite of your claim...) Unfortunately, I'm also familiar with real world divorce, and there's no universal claims like that in the text. I'm glad you've moved on to engaging on facts, can you point me to where on the site you found this data? You're both right, but they're more right because the subtle difference you mention is the problem they're highlighting: Apple went out of their way to be unclear and create subtle differences in interpretation that would be favorable to Apple, as a company should. After the odd graphs/numbers from the event, I was worried it was going to be an awful ~2 year period of jumping to conclusions based on: - Geekbench scores - "It's slow because Rosetta" - HW comparisons that compare against ancient hardware because "[the more powerful PC equivalent] uses _too_ much power" implying that "[M1] against 4 year old HW is just the right amount of power", erasing the tradeoff between powerfulness and power consumption The people claiming this blows Intel/AMD out of the water need to have stronger evidence than comparing against parts launched years ago for budget consumers, then waving away any other alternative based on power consumption.[1] Trading off power for power consumption is an inherent property of chip design, refusing to consider other chipsets because they have a different set of tradeoffs mean you're talking about power consumption alone, not the chip design. [1] n.b. this is irrational because the 4 year old part is likely to use more power than the current part. So, why is it more valid to compare against the 4 year old part? Following this logic, we need to find a low power GPU, not throw out the current part and bring in a 4 year old budget part. Sad to see downvotes on this: it's like there's a set of people hellbent on echoing marketing claims, in ignorance of (what I formerly perceived as basic) chip physics - first one to the next process gets to declare a 20-30% bump, and in the age of TSMC and contract fabs, that's no longer an _actual_ differentiation, the way it was in the 90s. Hate to draw a sweeping conclusion without any facts like this without elaborating, but, late for dinner :(: it's an absolute _nightmare_ of an article, leaving me little hope we'll avoid a year or two of bickering on this. IMHO it's much more likely UI people will remember it kinda sucks to have 20 hour battery life with a bunch of touch apps than that we'll clear up the gish-gallop of Apple's charts and publications rushing to provide an intellectual basis for them, without having _any_ access to the chip under discussion, so they substitute iPhone/iPad chips that can completely trade off thermal concerns for long enough for a subset of benchmarks to run, making it look like the the powerfulness/power consumption tradeoff doesn't exist, though its was formerly "basic" to me. Are there consumer computers that don't use the user's data at all when they're not in use? I would argue it's because Google has to value security and privacy in a way Apple doesn't - Google has to build platforms instead of gardens, so there's an 'adversarial' incentive to make sure you're not held liable due to a 3rd parties actions. Also, these incidents would be a thermonuclear event for search due to the intimacy and inherent 'Internet-ness' of the data - versus Apple, who can get away with incidents like introducing Intelligent Tracking Prevention - two years later, it turned out it was a globally unique identifier that also leaked your web history [1] Yet, because Apple didn't have a perceived incentive to leak this information, people see it as a 'mere' competency issue and move on. [1] https://blog.lukaszolejnik.com/curious-case-of-privacy-vulne... I think that analysis is adequate for describing why Apple shouldn't be a bad actor with data, but, they meet the criteria for one - the security incidents the past couple years (supercookie, history leak, root, leaking app launches in plaintext...), assisting government access, softening E2E encryption to de facto unencrypted... I imagine that after digestion, yes, it would be broken down DNA hunter thompson would agree with weed, or cocaine - all of these aren't the right choice for an app name, it's clever, but lacks enough context to require enough active thinking to be jarring "YouTube Red is closely associated with a porn site, redtube" is quite a take! - That's from 2014, 6 years ago. - There's no branding change, Google Voice is Google Voice. - As an Android user the past 3 years, this is equivalent to Apple transitioning from iChat to iMessage, or when Apple appified/stickerified iMessage. - It is very strange to see people turning this into a 'product cancellation' - Hangouts was deprecated _4 years ago_, it has a _direct_ replacement, scheduling and providing notice to users as it winds down over _years_ is hardly the irresponsible willy-nilly cancelling the comments here are claiming, especially because this is an integration of another product that is, and always has, its own frontend 6 years ago, you could turn on a feature that let you receive Google Voice calls and messages in Hangouts. Think that's a strawman, though you're right, I see this argument often. Coming from iOS -> Android, my mental model is Duo is FaceTime, Chat is Slack, Meet is Zoom. Allo is iMessage. I don't grok how this could confuse, other than to people who aren't in the ecosystem or using the products at all, and even then it seems to be giving 0 charity to the facts on the ground. No one's bemoaning the deep confusion and duplication they face between iMessage, FaceTime, Slack, and Zoom. Edit: I'm really, really, tired of understanding, calm, takes that make an effort to have empathy and share info getting downvoted, if it's outside a mono-Apple worldview. It is literally the only tech topic where you can immediately hit -2 for no discernable reason. This didn't used to happen on HN, and that's what used to make it distinctive. I believe you're still able to draw a firm enough distinction between how Slack and iMessage are designed as to understand why they would be separate products. Is that accurate, or does iMessage feel like it could be merged into Slack at no loss to you? As parent noted, chat.google.com is the long term replacement, as you noted, Hangouts still works fine and no one's being pushed to Chat yet. It sounds like I'm being glib but you really are onto the nut of things once you've combined those two poles, I agree, it is confusing! I wanted to make sure you meant 'chat in Gmail' before getting more specific: in that case, we are caught in a cycle of repeatedly noting Google has a deprecation timeline for cutting people over from Hangouts to chat.google.com, that's what the grandparent was referencing. It's virtually identical to Hangouts, just with modernized UI and Google sez a more stable backend. Everything works _just as it always has and will_ for your day to day user. Android's SMS app offers you to scan a QR code with messages.android.com to text from your computer, a la whatsapp, for all Android users. Additionally, Google Fi users can access voicemail/SMS/phone through that same app https://9to5google.com/2020/10/23/google-fi-web-messages/ Yup! Are you _genuinely_ unable to answer a question about products unless all the products in question are owned by the same company? This thread feels pretty suspicious IMHO, I really, really doubt you're missing the point this widely due to irrelevant details. I see: I, at least, wouldn't clamor for the merger of an Apple-owned Slack and iMessage. The point being, people are conflating work messaging apps with personal messaging apps and acting like having unique versions of both is a problem. It's not. Interlocutory techniques like refusing to engage with the posts as written, and instead nitpicking, cause those outcomes. I highly, highly, highly doubt that you were so deeply confused by the Meet/Slack Allo/iMessage analogy that you needed me to spell out 'hypothetically, if Apple owned Slack, which of course it doesn't, would it be more usable for you to have Slack merged with iMessage?' Your complete lack of charity in interpretation forces lengthy, caveated, responses in drawn-out threads, emphasizing downvotes, and ensuring several opportunities for downvotes. I agreed, but, when you zoom in there's something off. But to my eye, its something about the texture's texture? Ex. the wall/plant look a lot more smooth than I'd expect Many, many, many, more of "the 99%" benefited than the theoretical benefit of opening the US to competition did to "the 1%". https://ourworldindata.org/exports/share-of-population-livin... You'd think that'd be how it worked out, but funnily enough, it's net negative even when Google actively tries to enhance privacy! Using Apple's privacy-sensitive ad blocker standard made people protest the limitations of a fixed count of sites, and competitors spun it into a way for Google to advantage themselves (details on that somewhat murky, i.e. nonexistent) We have a long way to go as an industry on keeping users _well_ informed on their privacy, and I'm afraid Apple's set us back years by morphing it into an advertising one-liner over actually helping users along. To be fair, you're using a corporate blog post sharing an internal email responding to a story that hasn't been published yet, to jump to a series of unrelated conclusions. Namely, extrapolating that unobserved reactions to a story no one has read are a 'mob', and the 'mob' is 'outraged' instead of being concerned about 'the truth', and it'd be better for Coinbase to ignore it. It's also striking that this reaction could be addressed at itself. Stealing this from other posts above, apologies friends: under those assumptions, the disagreement you have with Coinbase's choice to address it is sufficient to negate your conclusion - if there is no mob, and no story, and the corporation is trying to get in advance of it, it's likely the story is damaging enough that they need to, it's not pleading with a 'mob'. It's worth discussing but I'm not sure how to move in with the entrypoint, it feels like 'i know, its a strawman, but its not because the strawman is always real' You're right, just another set of race-obsessed liars victimized by the Lyin' New York Times repeating their fake accusations! M1 has instruction-level x86 emulation, so MS would need to convince Qualcomm and MediaTek it was in their interest to add that complexity, and embrace all the legal/technical pitfalls along the way. so, it does? thanks for clarifying! Gotcha, it just emulates the memory ordering? At the instruction level? thank you! edit: dunno how to feel about getting downvoted into oblivion for this thread, on one hand, it seems really cynical for people to read me as...masterminding some way to make someone smart look foolish?...when I'm legit asking qs - I don't have a CS degree and clearly don't understand some of the formal terms around CPUs, but I'm trying! :) https://lmgtfy.app/?q=birds+killed+by+cats+annually There's a difference between being a random commentator on HN and being one of the several experts in the field quoted in the article, among other things, predicting a mass exodus from the computational biology field as the major problem of that field is now solved. The thrust of her thread today is that it is shocking how Google dumped her with no warning - it sounds like, instead, they continued employing her for months and months while her lawyer was threatening to sue the company, and the culminating event was making demands for the company to meet if she was to stay. Declining to accept an employee's set of ultimatums, an employee who already engaged in threatening legal action for months and months, is arguably a much clearer framing than "her willingness to assert her rights under the law" Therefore "recently conspiring a legal battle against Google, while on Google's payroll." is worth sharing, it provides information not present in the limited frame of "her willingness to assert her rights under the law" I agree with you on the principles & morals, but frankly this reads as scolding - all he did was explain how this can be avoided, which is good context to provide to the public. There isn't some hidden message there where he's "dismissing concerns people have with AI" or he's facilitating "outcomes that could be used for evil or with racist intents" His tweet doesn't rule out the possibility that he secretly has a malicious set of incentives, just like your handle doesn't rule out that you're a Communist spy sent to fracture the American psyche. Yet, its ridiculous. I feel like a lot of the world in 2020 is for some reason a hostile filter is applied ~99% of the time on the internet, and you _rarely_ see that in personal interactions in real life. Sorry, dumb question, which part are you disputing? I must be being too literal. What you called out as "doesn't at all sound like the case": [1: they continued employing her for months and months] [2: while her lawyer was threatening to sue the company] First paragraph of the email OP posted, which I am defending as worth sharing: "This happened to me last year. [[1]: there has been 11+ months, or months and months, since this occurred and she continued employment] I was in the middle of a potential lawsuit for which Kat Herller and I hired feminist lawyers who threatened to sue Google [[2]: her lawyer was threatening to sure the company]" Gotcha, my post didn't mean to imply that the lawsuit _wasn't_ resolved, just that there was a period in which there was a lawsuit threatened and she was employed. Thank you for the feedback! I've had more negative interactions on here than positive recently, and this was heartening. I don't understand this _extremely_ common viewpoint: Intel has been putting out awesome fanless chips for Windows and ChromeOS for a couple years now, and Tiger Lake scores ~1400 single threaded/3700 multithread on 4 cores in GeekBench. M1 is __awesome__ but it's exactly what you'd expect from a Tiger Lake die shrink, which is coincidentally, the same die M1 is on. You're making extremely strong claims, counter to scientists with no incentive to praise Google being quoted with reactions such as expecting a mass exodus from computational biology. I, and I assume we, are open to hearing more but I'm not sure cherry-picking a couple examples is enough to credit your claims contra theirs. For instance, the gentlemen who was presented as a skeptic is instead shown to also say it's solved, and in reply to this you say "everyone" is looking at the "wrong" metric, and it allows errors of 8+ atom widths - he notes the median error is 2.1 angstroms, or 2.1 atom widths. I work at Google too, and it's embarrassing to see you attack your colleagues like this in public - how is Jeff's statement "a lie"? Whether or not you believe the 2 week deadline is a hard and fast rule followed 100% of the time, Jeff never made that claim. 1 day is certainly unreasonable. What makes you think they weren't given the opportunity? We were told specifically they _were_ given an opportunity to revise, and instead, demanded HR(!?) provide attributed versions of any and all statements made by any colleagues regarding the paper (!??!!?), or they'd 'work on setting an end date' I'm not exactly proud, excited, or anything but pensive about this series of developments, and it's _highly_ likely Jeff feels the same way. Everything got too hostile and out of control here for people to be able to work together healthily moving forward, and I'm skeptical of anything beyond that being anything more than people attaching a narrative to an unfortunate breakdown in a relationship. As someone who was occasionally afflicted by this for a while...yes, 1000x yes. My outcomes in complicated situations building over long time spans has completely changed the last year or two because now I choose to be an _incremental_ asshole. i.e. I speak up much earlier than I used to, when I thought it'd be 'mean', preventing things from deviating so far from my comfort zone that eventually I need to address everything I was uncomfortable with, all at once. There's no purer expression of a certain class of cloistered Apple-thought than this - the competitors "focus on one feature, photos at night" (come on, really?), in comparison to the focus Apple shows on a __six thousand dollar display__, which is being lauded for... checks notes ...using a display-specific ICC profile, which is _tablestakes_ by every modern operating system and premium hardware manufacturer for setting colorspaces and tuning per-display at the factory, and the color profile for the display uses an artificially low white point. A banal, baseline features of displays and OS 1/6th the cost is laundered into a declaration of supremacy, and we all lose all the cool information about the underlying tech and color science we could have been discussing. I don't think talking with you 1:1, privately, would be productive: you have a quite different viewpoint on this that reads as lawyerly and standoffish to me - I'm also required to submit expense reports within 30 days, yet here I am, 60 days later. It's unbecoming of you to be writing epitaths for the moral character of colleagues based on a legalistic interpretation of "we require two weeks" > It is not though. It's the norm. Not sure what I'm supposed to do with this. A literal intrepretation has you claiming that all Google researchers only allow 24 hours of review of their papers before submitting them for publication. That sounds wrong! Nah, I was in early on both Swift and nullable dart - at the end of the day, Dart is preferable because it's using flow analysis to know when operations are safe, avoiding the noise of if...let and guard... (Yes, those are nice too, Dart is better! It feels much more ObjC-y) Had wondered this for a bit myself - I'm a bimobile developer, ObjC, Swift, to Java, to Kotlin over the last decade, now on Dart. Dart is by far the most fun I've had in a language because it has an extremely simple surface area, and they really optimize for that, ex. here. But, Flutter is the revolution - utterly paradigm-shifting tool. Much like ObjC, you probably use Dart because it's what Flutter does, but not like ObjC, the simplicity, ease, and clarity of thought it allows is a benefit, as well as Swiss he army knife way the language can be deployed (Android app? Web app? Linux CLI tool? Windows 10 app?) TL;DR: Tesla has no IP or differentiation available _currently_, and has a billion dollar plant in Buffalo idling with Panasonic completely pulling out, and in 2020, just hitting the demand Musk predicted for 2018, 500K/year. The advantage they have is _at least they're on the road_, but, it's going to be tough even going in as the incumbent against a breakthrough and true differentiator like this - if Elon was 100% sober and on point on Battery Day, they still have a shot of not getting _too_ far behind for 3-5 years. But they'll need to figure out how to get to solid state long term without the associated IP or research. :/ nostradamus at this point, don't take it literally, but seriously: You can imagine they'd start looking like Blackberry - niche success among affluent users, ultimately, a stepping stone to the iPhone that'll revolutionize the industry wide, and hopefully Waymo decides to build 1P cars by 2030 and buys out Tesla for $80 billion. The civilizational struggle lens feels a bit overwrought, OP notes this was on the competition's timeline, not AlphaFold's, and Deep Mind is rushing a paper to follow soon. hah, awesome, I know exactly what issue this is without clicking through - Myndex is wrong on this, shockingly, but unfortunately my lips have to be sealed, for now. Look into the correspondence between the space Myndex uses, the space contrast ratio is measured in, and then again at the W3C docs: TL;DR Myndex's approach doesn't account for reflectance off the screen The contrast ratios used in the article are the worst case ones, for 20/80 vision, the average uncorrected vision of people 80+. They're well over 3.0/4.5, which W3C recommends as defaults, and is for people with uncorrected vision of 20/40 or more ChromeOS. And I'm not even kidding. Everything you loved about switching from XP to OS X, or Blackberry to iPhone, all over again. And arguably better *nix support than Mac. In my very humble opinion, it's accurate: "Saving a PDF with Preview in Big Sur [Preview in Big Sur] can corrupt OCR text added by a third-party program [is irreversibly destroying PDFs]" I understand the (fairly common, in these comments) viewpoint that this is the fault of the "third-party program", but since the PDF is readable up until Preview touches it...I find it hard to come around to the viewpoint the third-party program is relevant. Readable bytes -> Preview -> unreadable bytes is my mental model so far. Edit: absolutely unacceptable this is downvoted to -4. I've observed for a couple months that participation in Apple-related threads, outside indignation that Apple was involved in the discussion at all, gets down to -5 before getting back to -1 a day or two later. No matter what tone is used, this happens, and it makes the problem even worse in the long run. Been here 10 years, always been a _slight_ problem, but over the last year, it's virtually impossible to participate without continuing to slowly destroy my 11 year old account. Not sure how much longer I can keep trying. I see, the chain isn't as simple as bytes -> Preview -> unreadable bytes: rather, bytes -> Preview, edit -> unreadable bytes. Is that accurate? This was announced a month or two back, complaint came out today, TL;DR the case theory is weak and perceived as rushed so many, many, states didn't opt-in and are working on their own action (side note: winks at politically-based conspiracies aren't something I'm used to seeing on HN, it beggers belief that you'd have 36 states, mixed politically, agree to collude in favor of the checks notes DNC because checks notes Google's ex-CEO got involved in politics work checks notes after he exited) This is, with best possible intentions, ignorant wordplay, and perhaps impossible to see with blinders on, offensive. To be clear, this isn't a coherent argument: "Buddhism has a concept [roughly translated as] enlightenment. [In English, enlightenment means to have knowledge. Therefore if you are enlightened you should have moral knowledge. Some Buddhists have sex. Sex is a craving or desire.] Not many modern Buddhist teachers say enlightenment makes you free from craving or desire. At least some do. Buddhists should retreat and describe enlightenment as a biological phenomena involving brain networks short-circuiting experience of self-hood." Thanks, took a pass at it for 3 minutes and still couldn't parse numbers out from anywhere. I feel compelled to share that after 30 years, my social anxiety only started improving once I stopped seeing stuff like this as "corniness" and "artifice" and instead as mundane BS that is step 1 of 100 towards a meaningful relationship. I was not the one blessed person on earth who was going to have lifelong friends fall into my lap from going to work[1] and the grocery store [1] _Small_ FAANG team, artifact of a reorg of a reorg It's not nearly as clear as you purport, and thus, the link is funny and appropriate - there's nothing on that page to suggest its _not_ the best for all use cases - the sum total of its argument is its better in every case. However, the data isn't 100% there if you work in the spaces, i.e. I'd want to understand more how the CAM16 gradients were generated (CAM16 has two correlates for lightness and another three for 'color', saturation, colorfulness, and hue. CAM16UCS 'only' has colorfulness. How could the CAM16UCS gradient get 'saturated' more quickly?) This is implausible as well, no one simply 'goes to a company', offices are long gone. It sounds like we're cancelling someone for saying that we should cancel someone for saying something and dressing that up as some grand ideological battle Every color science and/or accessibility thread trends towards quoting and reinforcing the same gentleman who has blotted out the sun by writing extremely long (and informative!) explanations of color theory on several sites, in service of an extremely flawed conclusion that is fixed by an hour of Mathematica and experience with actual color science. Read Color Appearance Models 3rd Edition by Fairchild, it covers __everything__. I think someday soon I'll be communicating about this more widely, we'll see though Hah, very good ;) Been here 11 years, things have oddly gone off a cliff in the comments over the past 6 months - year: if you're not agreeing with the first-order conclusion, you're down-voted through the floor. sorry about that :/ Please try to avoid dragging interlocutors through long threads, knowing they'll be downvoted at each step - it was extremely clear from step 1 what they meant, you didn't need it clarified over several comments to reach this conclusion. Lol I'm at -7 now, cheers my friend Kids abuse this, I went to an upper middle class Catholic school for middle school, and even there, bathrooms breaks were used as an excuse to go hang out in the bathroom and ultimately culminated in what amounted to a daily fight club, where there was a sense of honor if you got knocked out +1, if anything, its frustratingly the opposite from my perspective (i.e. its hard to find peers who want to dig into things, the SWE is the center of the universe, personal lack of interest is enough to refuse work) LOL, you nailed it, thank you very much I don't see how this would change anything - its a function of social dynamics, not how afraid managers are of their reports No, there isn't - certainly not for iOS, and not for Mac either, the App Store is barely hanging on by a thread So, Wikipedia, except with some sort of syntactical structure that allowed for formal evaluation and analysis of arguments...we could call it a "compiler" for "compiling" sets of rules, or "libraries" >> the list of 20 claims is absurd. Claims are a union - each individual claim may sound simple, what matters is the combination. >> The title says it all "... PROGRAMMABLE INSTRUCTIONS IN COMPUTER SYSTEMS", they're trying to patent anything that can run or dispatch instructions. No. The title of a patent is not a patent. Sad to hear macOS lets apps snoop on my keystrokes. dont let it run code I regret the flippant tone, but, seriously, yeah: the other CI brouhaha this week was Homebrew breaking compatibility and no one noticed because they had their iOS CIs setup on autopilot, didn't see the deprecation warning in the terminal because, well, who the heck reads the entire stdout from a CI run? So meant it more as treat it like you do pulling in a dependency: a black box that constantly requires validation and may break your whole stack of boxes at any point https://twitter.com/steipete/status/1346117909450518529?s=20 for perspectives from people/discussion, for the situation straight up: https://t.co/HNTP5BDY6x?amp=1 p.s. its dumb, but, thanks for coming back here and conversating. at a real low this week for sundry reasons outside the news headlines, having a small, normal, discussion where someone assumed good faith even after I failed to make a full effort to participate positively, was a ray of sunshine. I think you might be catastrophizing, it's definitely positively voted now, a mere 2 hours later. In the short term, votes are a Brownian process :) Edit: this post itself has swung between 3 and -1 over just an hour! Polling data on Americans favorability to the CCP is orthogonal to OP noting we're begging the question when we say people are praising the CCP. The only set of charts that matches your description re: Americans viewing China favorably is the first set of charts, which is in response to question 8b, do you view China _unfavorably_, for a worldwide survey broken down by country. Question framing matters a lot on surveys, particularly for questions outside people's daily concerns. you'll get dramatically different distributions on the questions "do you view china favorably" or "do you view china favorably" There's concrete predictions laced in there, in the vocabulary of TA, or technical analysis. The self-aware who practice this call it 'horoscopes with funny lines', the premise is drawing trend lines based on different sets of historical data, using that to draw a conclusion about pricing over some time period X, then noting the consequences of the trend line shifting up or down. So, they're predicting both sides of movement because they're interested in the slope of the trendline dividing those sides and the time-frames they're analyzing, not the sides themselves. One example that clarified it for me is a purely degenerate case, the stock went from 1 to 0 over all possible timeframes. In that case, all trendlines are purely vertical, all trendlines are the same for all timeframes, so the fact it can only move up is obvious, and contrasting trendliness is uninteresting. However, in other cases, (say, a small medical research company that has been on the market for a decade but recently produced the singular vaccine for a massive pandemic, but has an expensive and novel manufacturing process that makes it 5x the cost of competitors possible solutions), contrasting trendlines for the last two months versus last decade is very informative for comparing the case in which the vaccine market becomes competitive, versus the monopoly it "is" today. Noting the signal we'll receive about the 'class' of price movement, based on both directions the price could move, is very helpful and necessary for judging the TA after the time period plays out. There's a galaxy-brain idea that the Constitution says you can't be banned from Twitter from accidentally inciting an accidental sacking of the Capitol People will repeatedly attempt to complain this is unfair by attempting to find 'double standards' - here, the idea is if anyone tweets 'kill trump' and we can find the tweet an hour later, clearly Twitter has a bias towards Duh Dems Thinking people will find these concerns obviated by the platforms consistently kicking off groups when things turn violent. It's just that the only examples of this until now were international and off most people's radar. Gotta start small Looks like everyone has the right to veto (hence, this outcome from a year and a half ago), and they vetoed forming a small committee that would thus have an exclusive veto. Apple's been kneecapping the web for years with the dual argument "you cant have WebUSB/Bluetooth and be private, permission dialogs don't count." After allowing iOS to make the opposite trade-off while confusingly marketing their phones as "what happens on your phone stays on your phone", and making Facebook a central authentication mechanism in iOS 4 and pushing devs to use it to "hurt Google", allowing them to obfuscate their vetoes via an exclusive smaller group seems blinkered. Your continued use of their products - thats why Google remains as much of a theoretical concern as Apple, who will happily tell you they keep track of all of the articles you read, tap in their search results, and purchased in all of their virtual stores, among many many other things, for targeting. For some reason people treat Apple as if offering grouped ad targeting is the same as being private, but when Google does the same, it's treated as a fundamental sin The central error is only a first order analysis can lead to the conclusion that Google doesn't care about user privacy - it's probably it's most fundamental value 90% through I reached for the flag button, 2 seconds later, I'm weeping. Thank you _The_ moonshot, Waymo. People are sleeping on that you can hop in a perfectly safe robotaxi today, the ride along videos are stunning. When banks got ATMs, they thought it'd drastically cut headcount - instead it went _up_: freeing up time from doing the basics meant you had more time to focus on more profitable activities I hope to live long enough to be mostly writing tests for a gloriously hacky code generator that gets it right 80% of the time When you hear hoofbeats in Africa and are puzzled, think zebras, not horses: espionage, not warez His point stands, way too many people are talking way beyond their experience In this case, the missing knowledge is that Robinhood is just another middleman: they're subject to margin calls and denials of credit just like Robinhood passed to you. Robinhood's credit facility was exceeded by the growth this week, and their credit provider was uncomfortable with "their" (really, Robinhood's clients) exposure if Gamestop collapsed. Think of it more as systemic risk - I would say the general logic error I'm seeing on HN is assuming all assets on deposit are firewalled, have completely uncorrelated risks, are attributable to exactly one type of funding, either margin or deposit, and information is instantly communicated - in practice these are big messy orgs with big messy books, and the lender is looking at robinhood saying "you're asking for a historically high line of credit because you're on an exponential growth curve for users, whose assets are based on 1, generously 3, meme stocks? Let's try to figure something out here, we don't want you to shut down, but we need to mitigate risk" People are expecting more a scenario in which clients stocks are neatly divided in two piles based on an unrelated criteria, i.e. if they are attributable to margin, or whatever assets you have on deposit. Additionally, the process of having margin is itself like having a credit line - AmEx simply doesn't have the systems or procedure to lower your credit limit because Tickle Me Elmo speculation is at a all time high over the last 72 hours, and it sees you're purchasing tickle me elmos, getting assigned a credit limit is a function of your credit score, and amex isn't tracking line item level purchases Article says data centers. They're the chicken that comes before the golden egg Over the years ive found it increasingly difficult to find a way it could be harmful: latest nugget that comes to mind is that daylight is 1000s of times more intense than any indoor light IMHO thats a bit blinkered, i have a deep interest in the field and the only mainstream publications on it clearly note there's no practical applications yet, and we're looking at a 5-10 year horizon of _maybe_ finding a niche application that actually improves with a handful of qubits Contrast that with AI, which caused formation of new departments and hiring binges throughout industry, including industry far outside tech A quality shared with all software :) a threat model that includes bad actors hacking into spacecraft ui using known chromium vulnerabilities would have to include a dizzying array of more tangible physical threats we regularly discount Much easier to move my seat at a coffee shop than move my desk at BigCo alas, can't turn up that quote or anything close to that via Google :( I don't think you're being downvoted for your thoughts, but rather, it's unclear what you're saying and how to read more about it - we appreciate the honesty :) EDIT: Appears the references are to Dave Winer - this is an excellent history, I wish I found a shorter one, but this is really great: https://www.vice.com/en/article/a3mm4z/the-rise-and-demise-o... There's a very interesting thing going on with this: what they mean is, Android location requests go through the location API provider on the phone, and Android phones the US is familiar with are content to roll with Google's location API On the flip side, it taught me to be more humble - oftentimes I took things personally or as if any negativity erased put the author in some sort of camp. I see the same sort of response here, which worries me - the NYT article isn't nearly as negative as I see the in-group worrying about: the only negative part I read is some minor slap of the wrist for staging a cancellation drama because journalists can't ethically agree not to share his name when it's already very public information I gotta be honest I'm on a completely different track than this thread: these displays are pretty bad! No one is choosing a 4096 color 2560x1400p 30" with a refresh rate thats so poor they won't share it - its surely measured in seconds. I highly recommend not doing this - I was shocked to see this article because I'm surprised its _still_ rolling - 2 or 3 years ago I was in your spot, and I would have wasted a ton of money and acquired a much darker view of the world. Much like TSLA, it'll be 10% of its size eventually, but who knows when or why, its teflon until it isn't. But they are used for that - up until my post this thread was bemoaning that IP law prevents them from being truly successful, i.e. in mass market consumer products another way to frame it is she got fired for transferring a bulk dump of her corporate email to someone outside the company. I'm extremely sympathetic to the cause but I don't think it does any good to have such a blinkered approach to what happened picture a rubber band, lying in a circle, on a table left half band is red rubber right half is blue as you stretch the rubber band, it resists more and more when you pull hard enough, it breaks on the red/blue divide. a new red/blue half spontaneously appears for each. now you have two rubber bands This plus secular trends due to the shortage _itself_ inducing further future plant development at home, simply for redundancy as a hedge against tail risk...think we're closer to the start of a 5-10 year boom than the end This is a rather classic example of a comment that loads up premises with in-group language and conception, and thus if you engage with it, you only get positive results from the in-group, and the in-group can characterize dissent as simply ignoring "facts" I believe the level of discourse on HN consistently avoids these over the last decade+ I've been here - one way to do that without falling into the trap of making you feel Othered is to encourage slow and steady argumentation - ex. characterizing this summers protests as "the black ""community"" totally flipping out and canonizing rapists and drug addicts" is loaded language, and worse for avoiding ingroup/outgroup dynamics, factually wrong at it's face: we know there were non-black "community" (what do the air quotes mean?) members that also protested. I wish you well, fellow traveler - one key breakthrough for me was prioritizing hearing people, not telling them what they think, upon advice from a good friend in a charged moment. It really scares people when A) they find out you can mind read and B) you know _exactly_ how they're planning on manipulating society and C) you know the intricate details of their plan to say one thing but believe another, thus creating an unfair situation for you, a freethinker who knows They are up to something, and wants to save other innocents from Their trap. I agree, the only way I've found to avoid reinforcing a bubble is not to talk about the bubble, but rather, highlight that everyone can see the bubble - there's not a silent majority cheering you who perceives you outside a bubble, just people smiling politely and moving on, and other people genuinely worried for you. You can find me on Gab! I wish you well, fellow traveller: it sounds like you read a lot of things into my comment I didn't say, and they made you angry and caused you to lash out a little. I'll point out the things you're mentioning were not only not said by me, and in fact, were things other people chastised me for not saying. The weird meta-analysis may cut against your instincts, but you're going to have to deal with it at some point. It's weird to you because I _don't_ engage with the complex LARP you're living in. I simply noted that the comment was wrong at its face Things changed a lot, I observed the same symptoms as late as late 2020, I can't reproduce these issues now In general Flutter for Web is _amazing_ if you want to deploy an app. after seeing this thread, pretty clear to me its almost a perfect nerdsnipe - makes perfect sense if you're already building a Flutter codebase, sounds bonkers if you build web apps. I have to be honest, not trolling at all, genuinely curious to me: I have the same opinion for the completely opposite reason! _without_ "Skia everywhere", Flutter for Web was annoying, because then there was this autogenerated CSS/JS and it might be _close_ to other Flutter platforms, but it often couldn't be 100% of what it was I think its because we might be seeing it from two different points: i.e. you see Flutter Web using Skia is not consistent with _other websites and thus traditional webapps_, I see that Flutter Web using JS/HTML made it _not consistent with deployments of the same Flutter code to Android/iOS/Mac_ Definitely see that viewpoint and why it's problematic, would argue as an independent dev, would care much more about 100% self-consistency across my product line up for ease of support than whether people open the app in a web browser, you can right click on anything that looks like an image and download it. Understand that viewpoint _also_ sounds like sacrilege, but as someone raised on iOS dev, reminds me of when Mac devs being upset over years as "iOS-isms" made their way to the desktop. I love that this approach is an example of solving hard problems over years, fixing a industry-wide yak shave that ended with you having 50 copies of chromium. solves the same problem Electron is solving with none of the downsides That is a _very_ good way of putting it, thank you, clarified my similar sense that something was 'off' No - the post carefully lays out that client devices _also_ are dependent on anon page cache. Additionally, TFA has massive impressively statistics for client-side devices, as a cousin comment notes. This attempt to launder traditional political narratives onto a NPR article is admirable, but misguided enough that it came off as self-serious and worth a chuckle, not a nod: why does concern about the line between human life and an embryo have you jump to worrying about woke left wingers and race and identity? Same mentality that would fire a CIO whose breach mitigation strategy was to unplug a couple computers in the "server room" - its a nonsensical reaction that only demonstrates your lack of knowledge and your inability to recognize your lack of knowledge, you're not going to get much out of hand ordnance in a situation like this Not trolling you, genuinely trying to bridge a communication gap I see both sides of: they, and I, reacted literally to I think what you meant to be hyperbole, i.e. by saying "Surely one of the people on the deck with a shotgun could have a go at it without revealing too much secret information", you meant to say "why didn't they take any aggressive action?": The other comments speak to various factors why it was more complicated, and just affirming that decision wouldn't have enabled action, TL;DR: you don't start throwing $500K missiles at lights 1,000 feet above deck when you're right off the coast of the US, and also we don't have nearly all the info here, just a subset of a subset of docs that got through via FOIA two years ago, you can safely assume that would have been considered at the time handwaving here, but broadly correct: modern OS' will try to arrange work/app wakeups so they happen at the same time - ex. if I schedule a 15 ms timer, and you schedule a 18 ms timer, maybe we both just get woken at 18. or 20. or the phone rang, so we had to kick up power to talk to the tower, lets grab email You can sleep a _little_ better: the narrative around this ended up being focused around TSMC, but it's simply because that's the most visible part of the chain, they're first to a new node and all the newest gadgets need the newest node, so all the newest gadgets are on TSMC. They're not solely responsible for like 90% of chips or anything. Apple can quell the stock market crash, depression, and ensuing national mental health crisis by going back to what they were doing, industry standard practice, dual sourcing from Samsung fabs. AMD/Team Red...well, same thing. They're not due to be on the TSMC node you're worried about until 2022 at the _very_ earliest n.b. for fellow readers: link is Wikipedia article called "United States involvement in regime change" - OP's implication every country involved is worse off for it is the usual surface-level analysis that's easy to make context-free, decades later, from the West - ex. I'm rather proud for the US being involved in regime change in most of these cases, and OP is too [flagged] Japan, Germany, Italy, France, Belgium...alas that's all I can remember from the one screenful I grabbed! I continue to believe it was a mistake to breezily link to Wikipedia and conflate those experiences with genuine harm :) Agreed! It is rather unfair to describe me as cherry-picking, however: every comment I've made firmly notes that posting an extremely broad Wikipedia article was flippant and dismissive of _actual_ atrocities. Asking for examples of the article being overly broad, then dismissing the examples as cherry-picking, is blinkered. [flagged] The link has a disclaimer noting the stats are inaccurate. It links to the previous HN thread on this, in particular, a V8 dev noting the Safari stats didn't include _any_ of the rendering processes for _any_ tab, and their surprise that an informal benchmark with extremely surprising results wasn't checked: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26186114 I'm left saddened by this dogpile on the person you're replying to: this is a site for programmers, if Electron/having multiple copies of V8 is awful, they genuinely have a market opportunity. Google and Microsoft are pitching in on Flutter, for example. I'm a little confused by this take: editorializing doesn't happen anymore, which is sad. It doesn't happen anymore because editorializing occurs, which is good, because editorializing is bad? I don't think that's the case - I haven't run into many people who think all of Intel's problems went away. I'm young enough to fit into your group of people who may be too ignorant to kill politicians. I'm not killing politicians because it's bad RTFA! :) They were guaranteeing insanely high interest rates, it was designed to fail TL;DR gov't being involved in things is an absolute vice and/or actually the problem is not _enough_ free market I'm supportive of this being fair, it's not a negative take. If we're being pedantic, it's worth flagging the former is not necessarily stupider At the time you posted this, two comments questioned the validity of the OP's experience, both downvoted to near-invisible with multiple replies denouncing them Wouldn't say there's plenty, and for sure accusing the poster of "pure gaslighting" is way overboard: VOCs are a broad category, off the shelf monitoring equipment, and surveying the environmental remidiation plan, do not a full tale make. Hence, why OP wrote the post...they still don't have answers or help... I believe defamation, or "communicating false statements about a person that injure their reputation" doesn't apply either. I believe your criticism is describing that the poster didn't reaffirm/"yes, and" the author, but rather, posited an alternative explanation. I would call this "tone deaf" if it was a person they had a personal relationship with, "gaslighting" if it occurred repeatedly and they were lying in service of attempting to manipulate the author, and dead serious, not being sarcastic, the worst I could call it in this situation is "disagreeing".[1] I'm really struggling to come up with something that satisfies the requirement that we describe the person you originally replied to negatively, since neither psychological manipulation of the individual or lying are involved. Being primed to describe this situation as either of those might be throwing me off, I'm curious if you have a lengthier explanation that can give us some color as to what part of the comment you're trying to describe [1] Personally, I wouldn't call it disagreeing, because I got the sense from the article that the author believes they've done all they can with off-the-shelf tools and a laymen's analysis of planning documents, and they wrote up the post _specifically_ because they needed more help, hopefully from institutions, to find the explanation #1 thank you for sharing, I was all prepared to come back here and say "20 cm-30 cm is a lot! that puts half of boston underwater!", but it doesn't, not even remotely, and thus is a useful reminder to me I can chill #2 to be fair to OP, think they're referencing what would happen to humanity as a whole if we _didn't_ have carbon capture, not specifically "water world by 2100", and something I've picked up since moving to Boston from Buffalo is that storm surge has a _much_ more significant effect when you're around so much water. Even the 20-30 cm, once you add a foot or two of storm surge that we get a handful of times a year, floods most of Boston in 2050. The article covers that quite convincingly, there's even charts that are basically 'pick your poverty line' I'm 32 and the original SCO drama was _barely_ within my comprehension at the time it occurred: another thread reminded me of it, the poster seemed overwrought, my first reaction was "hah that's silly, it wasn't _that_ conspiratorial"...spent about an hour doing a deep dive on it, and yeah, it was pretty bad, $8 mil is the tip of the iceberg. Lotta intentional nonsense, and I'm not exactly wedded to FOSS ideals I believe they're describing a call center, and I agree vehemently: the title is broad and doesn't reflect the subject, someone on HN needs to hire this guy, not debate/agree with whether he needs to go back to the office Ah, good point, I was speaking allegorically and that wasn't clear, sounds like it implied I thought he's cool and thus needs to be come a software engineer. Thank you for clarifying. Please do not try to launder him into FAANG! Passing someone to HR for interviews _certainly_ wouldn't be a way to help a call center worker :) Hate to inquire directly to your situation while you've been careful to avoid specifics about role, but: are you a programmer/coder/software engineer/whatever they call hackers these days? :) Heartily agree! You're right, my comment wasn't clear, I only addressed the article author rather than noting the workplace is unacceptable for _everyone_ at the workplace :) dumb q I was never smart enough to ask when I was doing a physics degree: how do we know the big bang required enormous energy and thus is impossible? in the few peeks we got at grad school physics, I walked with away with the likely erroneous impression that the best guess was the big bang happened due to "quantum fluctuations in a vacuum" which sounded suspiciously close to "at random" - and I won't lie, since, I've just assumed that at any point there could be another big bang and we'd be blown away! Yes, the way the CCP does enforcement there is the Hong Kong model: there's an entity 100% owned by Tesla called Tesla Shanghai that has a 50 year lease on a state owned factory, Tesla invests $700 mil, state invests $2 bill, when loans are paid off, Tesla can begin transferring revenue stateside AV1 decoder and SVT-AV1 encoding (essentially, AV1 for broadcast) jumped out to my eye, nothing else tbh The first sentence: "JSON is simple compared to any textual format and many binary formats. " You're not wrong, but, the article is about high-level Apple employees discussing that they're doing it to limit switching to Android, not because they're worried about supporting different Android versions. LLVM/Clang were essentially born and stewarded by Apple, it's somewhat odd, to say the least, that they didn't patch LLD on day 1 with the Xcode release that supports M1. thank you, learned a lot :) (I had assumed lld came with the llvm/clang switchover back in...ios 5?) Agree 100%. They play a very different, and very odd, ball game compared to what you have to play at a startup. 90% of the noise in my career is one tier up managers think they're doing what their managers manager wants, but really they're just being combative. The PM I've worked with the most over the past few years is excellent acting as a sort of coordinator role, as you describe - maintaining relationships with UX and engineering across organizations, making sure UXR is involved, having an overarching vision, etc. It was, at least somewhat, cruel Is this a common rejoinder? I was struck by the other replies stating the same question. Regardless, people who are black weren't invited until 1990, people with vaginas weren't invited until 2012, and the founder was rather infamously proud of this and loud-spoken about it. This is hardly a 'how many times do you need them to apologize' situation, in all cases they merely quietly began accepting people, after defending their position until then. This pales in comparison to the rhetoric when OS X came out - you see that rhetoric survive today at opensource.apple.com, it's there, just, not in the spirit of the freedom that was promised. This is a disaster for ad tech outside Google, Apple, and Amazon: Google and Apple still have tons of targeting data in a world without FLoC, and smaller ad tech will wither on the vine. That's fine, or maybe it's not. There's always tradeoffs, but it's strange to me how little coverage there is of how this is exactly the end game the 'regulation is bad' crowd predicted. FLoC, much like AMP, was an honest and earnest try to extend the same benefits of Apple's closed ecosystem to actors outside it. Google is trapped between either not getting rid of 3p cookies and pissing us off, or trying something like FLoC, which I'm still a little surprised backfired. The only option they're left is to copy Apple's business model, exactly I'm not sure no ads absolutism, from privacy to aesthetics, fits into the ground truth anymore: it's unclear to me how these assertions tie together or if they're grounded: ex. using an ad blocker doesn't mean anything about tracking, just means I don't see ads, and it's unclear how "no ads" leads to the bike shop running ads on a local news site. Flutter is a UI framework on top of a low level programming framework, Dart. Sort of like UIKit and Cocoa. Turtles all the way down! It would be more humorous if we used Skia, since that arguably fulfill's OPs proposition that someone would eventually rewrite the browser in said framework did you find anything on the vodka claim? for what it's worth, maybe it's compensating _too_ many people, you can also pay $10/month and have ad free YouTube (_and_ YouTube Music, but if you're worried about compensating too many people avoid it, its model is just like Apple Music and Spotify) I hate, hate, hate, hate, this argument, it's correct but it distracts incredibly from the fact _numbers still do matter_. Software engineering, remarkably, is the only industry I know of that can wave away any metrics, at all, ever, being even mentioned, by pointing out it's possible to game a metric. I find it refreshing that you'd defend my right to make grand sweeping blog posts about the mighty weight on my shoulders, telling my employees what they can't talk about, and then in the next post I'm reposting long screeds from an internal message board of me picking on an employee and plaintively playing for the readers approval Perhaps! Someone close to me has worked at Macy's their entire career, through college, after college, through grad school, after grad school. Nearly 15 years now. Much as you mentioned these folks not seeing the closure as a result of the Internet, but rather local competition dynamics, no matter how many stores close or odd situations happen, they believe the precise details of each narrative are what matter (i.e. the alcoholic manager) rather than the continual pattern of the store they're working at closing, every 2-3 years like clockwork Exactly, secular trends are hard to spot when you know the details. Tech people look at the alternate present where your revenue is 30% better without the internet, but that's "imaginary" in some sense, it really was the manager who put the store under So he didn't want to burn bridges, and told Reuters? Edit: this is a legitimate question, sorry haters People sort of miss the point on that imho, as a Flutter dev I don't want compatibility with the DOM, I want my app to look and work the same on the web as it does on iOS as it does on Android Flutter isn't dying, not even close, here to stay and increasing share I think Skia is on the order of a megabyte, it'd be nice to skip it, but it's even nicer to ship prototypes that work in the browser and look the same as the 'shipping' version. Changed the way my team works sigh another thread I show up to next day and I got downvoted through the floor for a simple straightforward polite though. As someone using Flutter to great effect daily, without much chance to discuss it with other engineers, I'm really interested in this discussion, but I'm also really worried I can't have it here, I'm guessing it leaves people feeling like I'm attacking the open web or something That's going to apply _again_ here: I really cannot visualize what you mean, beyond the comparison to Electron, which you nail. Flutter is "electron done right" for people like me building cross platform apps, it's a cross platform rendering engine, not a browser engine. Presumably, this is immensely frustrating in your experience, but I really can't name a web app that uses Flutter - Flutter Web apps are/should be distributed like Electron apps. What's the Flutter Web app that frustrated you, I'm intensely curious, I didn't know people were trying to attempt that.. I have a symmetrical background and experience (ty OP for sharing, I never talk about it, it's hard!), and...right or wrong...I just tell myself they went through a shorter road than I did, so I have a learned bias to being 'anxious' and nailing down every detail I had to win a ton of coin flips to get here, and thinking and planning and caring about perception was something I did to maximize my chances, and they didn't/didn't have to. I try to manage the resultant base day-to-day anxiety by noting they don't care as much as I do, they're more secure, and also noting it's a bit of a 'superpower' - I tend to be better at disappearing into esoteric subjects and reappearing in a couple months with a pristine, novel, solution to a big problem, because I obsess and master every detail. I'm really confused: the pipeline is resilient to a hack: they just shut down the pipeline so it won't be 'affected' (hacked?)? I must be missing something, its a "bunch of nonsense" whenever someone claims they're better off rendering to canvas for performance? Microsoft Word and Pages both also have web apps, for years, that are 'bottlenecked by rendering performance' (would put it as 'clearly would be improved by better rendering performance', as you're noting) This is starting to remind me of when Intelligent Tracker Prevention(tm) was released and instead was a super cookie leaking history. http://blog.lukaszolejnik.com/curious-case-of-privacy-vulner... I'd be much more comfortable with Apple being Privacy, Inc. if they kept their commitment to it, too often it looks like engineers got overrode by marketing. It's v unlikely a privacy engineer signed off on something, with so many side channels, with real world consequences, compromising a billion + iOS devices Not constructive :( Getting downvoted through the floor on Apple comments for the first couple hours is a time-honored HN tradition at this point, but I'm hoping you can help us break that habit: a big contributor is aggressive comments like this that assume an agenda. I know you can come up with something more substantive than guessing I didn't read the article. To wit, easy quote that backs what I read, and I assume I'm mistaken, given your feedback: 'The details should come as a surprise to everyone because it turns out that ITP could effectively be used for: - information leaks - tracking the user - fingerprinting' Hmm, lots to unpack there, I'll stay focused on my iPhone,...I'm not so sure...the lead article on HN yesterday showed you can track people unrelated to tag's routes, live. https://www.intego.com/mac-security-blog/i-mailed-an-airtag-... I've gathered there's a beep if this is going on for 3 days, but...still not comfy with this. And this isn't a particularly fringe opinion, plenty of comments on the article wondering how to opt out: Is the article conflating creating 1st party games for an empty service versus choosing _not_ to create 1st party games for a busy service? I don't 100% grok this, i.e. it seems like good news where the article implies bad news, but other media outlets mentioned there's a 4x spike in gamepad usage in last 6 weeks on the web, and it correlates to Stadia's free tier release: https://www.chromestatus.com/metrics/feature/timeline/popula... Because the $XXX billionaire married key founder in a multi-trillion dollar leading industry was hitting on the help while married Yes Dead serious: I couldn't find one 404? Android 10, on Chrome It works just fine and has been active for a year or so now, except in one state (Indiana?) Put another way, he forgot to get back to the guy whose project/hosting space his company was using, for a whole month, and he came back with a classy response and decent amount of detail. Everybody wins. Except the people who think there's a court in session here and are worried us plebians are putting _CEOs of companies_ on trial "dragged through the mud"? :X people way overreact online