Five years isn't really enough experience to be a serious tech lead or a high-end consultant. Come back when you have ten years. The guys I know who are making over $100k WERE those "amazing programmers" five years into their career, but now they're twenty years in. I was an amazing programmer five years in as well, but I wasn't worth $100k even in today's dollars. You need more experience than that! VCs don't necessarily care about profitability either. They're looking for a liquidity event - either M&A or IPO. Profitability is only useful insofar as it helps achieve the desired liquidity event at maximum valuation. More to the point, large investors cause a short-term growth focus, because they're looking for 5-20x returns over the course of a few years. But as others have said, do you want to be rich, or do you want to be king? If you want to make a great product and are willing to take your time to do it, don't take investor money any more than you must, so you aren't beholden to their interests - because "make a great product" isn't their interest. As a 40-something who is 20 years into his career, I don't think I'm a particularly better PROGRAMMER than I was about five years in. But there is SO much more to being a useful tech than programming! And I'm much more sophisticated about big-picture thinking, business, and planning these days. Back when I was barely past "junior", I got to work on some really cool software at a dotcom-era startup. Technically, it was a blast. As a business decision, it was absolutely idiotic, and it was a massive management failure to have us wasting our time on it at all. (Basically, the idea was that six man-months of code at the time would save the company millions in the future. Which would have been true, if it HAD a future. Never, ever waste precious development effort on something that can be bought easily off-the-shelf and isn't core competence for your product! That's not even a good use of time in an established company, much less a ticking-clock startup!) As I'm prone to saying, I cost as much as two junior programmers, but I can do things that two junior programmers can't do. And actually, cost is one of the problems older programmers have... senior == expensive. On the other hand, if you're in the industry for 20+ years and haven't found a way to make yourself and your work more valuable than what some drone straight out of college can do, but you expect to get paid more than said drone, you're asking to get sidelined. The problem isn't the myth that older programmers are less flexible than younger ones. The problem is that so many older programmers haven't attended to their careers in a way to make themselves substantially more valuable than some pliant kid. It's not enough to do the kid's job better... you have to do things the kid CANNOT do. This reminds me of a conversation with an old friend... a pic of the two of us when I was 20 or so appeared on Facebook, and he asked that if 20 year old me met today's me, what would surprise him most? I replied that it would be how today's me kept calling 20 year old me "dumbass". Mmm, Trello. It's the ONLY software Kanban implementation I've used that's worth a crap. All the rest either feel like broken toys, or suffer from feeping creaturitis, or both. Note to other Kanban software developers... features suck. "Features" are the antithesis of Kanban. That said, though, even Trello isn't as good as a board with Post-It notes attached. Its only real advantage is that Trello is portable. First, Kanban tends to be a small-group thing, even within large businesses. I'm sure someone in IBM is going to pay $200/year for a site license, but I doubt IBM is going to make a strong, centralized license control. Heck, it's not worth the TIME for a team to have the three meetings and twenty emails required, not for $200. And really, why should they have a complex pricing model? It's not like Trello is expensive to develop/support/operate. If they can get 10k organizations to buy a $200 license, they make a cool $2M for a not-complex piece of software with a not-complex business model. That's a very high profit margin, and still cheap enough to repel price-based competition (even free). I think I need to write up the Dependency Perversion and Perversion of Control antipatterns one of these days... after all, they're far more applicable to real-world software development. I struggle with that myself. My attitude toward people who aren't accomplishing much with their lives is "Well, work harder!" But while much of my own success is due to hard, focused work, much of it is also due to raw intelligence and talent. Not everyone has that. Their direct competitors are Porsche and Ferrari, not Ford and Toyota. They're GOOD. I love how Aston styling has affected Ford. Here's an ongoing frustration... I'm currently working on a startup while maintaining a day job, which means LOTS of hours. I'm often (usually) working until I go to bed. Now, I'm at my best productivity code-wise when I first start working in the morning (no, not a morning person). So I'd like to get up earlier and put in a couple of hours on the startup in the morning, before I have to go do the dayjob - give my best couple of hours to MY work rather than someone else's work. Working two hours from 6am-8am would be more productive for me than working two hours from 10pm-12am. But when I'm working late at night, it's really hard to let it go and tell myself to pick it up in the morning. Knowing logically that this is true isn't enough. Sigh. Even though I'm from a technical background, I'm finding that I really enjoy the business side of things, enough that I would (and will) happily cut programming responsibility loose whenever I can find a technical CTO, or even a good lead programmer. But when there's no one you can trust with the work, and you know how to code, it's very easy and very tempting to spend an evening up to your elbows in code. It's safe and comfortable. But if I wanted safe and comfortable, I wouldn't be trying to start a company, now would I? As a former C programmer who truly loves C... I wouldn't use it DIRECTLY for anything except things that couldn't be done in any other language, things where you really need that fine-grained memory control for performance or deeper technical issues. By all means, wrap code in more abstract languages! I feel the same about Coffeescript. A while back, I spent a couple of months as a full-time Javascript coder. I like a lot of things about JS, but the line-noiseish syntax (especially around callbacks and anonymous function declaration) was damned annoying. Compared to its elegant-syntax contemporaries like Ruby and Python, it felt awkward. Coffeescript is a hack, yes, but it's a nice one. It plagiarizes some of the best syntax ideas from more graceful languages (list comprehensions, splats, whitespace significance, etc), and adds them to the good ideas and functionality of JS. I agree that in order to write good Coffeescript, you should be able to write good Javascript too, in order to see the gotchas. But that doesn't mean a preprocessor is a bad thing, not if it gives this much readability and functionality. Sadly, I think there's a bit of machismo involved in the sneering at Coffeescript, not a real technical issue. More numbers == harder to read. The point is not to give an accurate picture (as someone else pointed out, they certainly have more detailed internal metrics). The point is to make potential customers feel that their apps are fast and responsive. Hard numbers make that sound plausible. More detailed numbers would make the point diffuse and confusing. Alcohol laws in America are crazy. In Kentucky, there's a joke about how you know you've crossed a county line when the potholes end and the liquor stores begin. I live in Minnesota, where our liquor laws date back to the era when being a liberal meant you were for women voting and against ANYONE drinking. It was a big deal when we finally got to keep bars open til 2am, a few years back. We can't buy alcohol in stores on sundays, and grocery stores can't sell anything stronger than 3.2 "near beer". You have to go to a real liquor store for even wine and beer, much less hard liquor. Did you hit timing issues with fundraising? Something I see coming for me is that I want to start generating revenue before actually getting funding (as Buffer did), but I can't afford to fully surrender a substantial income during the transition from dayjob+startup to allstartup. Ah, to be in my twenties and happy with ramen-profitable again... At any rate, I want a fairly tight window between getting the revenue stream started and getting funded enough to make a living and hire more people. Any advice for keeping the size of that window down? Thanks, that's very helpful! Much of my problem is that I'm coming into this as a full-fledged grownup - twenty years in the industry, two college-aged kids, mortgage, car payments, etc. What cushion I have is my retirement money, and my spouse will only let me burn just so much of that before she loses patience. I could maybe get a few months of pure bootstrapping in, but the drop from a six figure income to less than minimum wage is very steep indeed. Right now, it's 20+ hours a week on the startup in my "copious spare time". What worries me is the pain waiting for me when the rubber meets the road... the support time and emergency fixes needed when I have real, paying customers. That's when the conflict between dayjob and startup will truly loom large. But what the hell, I WILL make it work. I'm done with working for other people. I've already signed my Declaration of Independence, but if I want my freedom, I'm going to need to survive my Valley Forge as well. On the plus side, my wife has a high-paying IT job as well, so we won't starve immediately. And I'm kind of boggled at how much I've managed to build, effectively solo (legal help only), in the past six months. But I have another six before it's really money-ready, I think. GM already had this, with the Chevy Volt (a very interesting concept in its own right). But the problem is, despite a highly sensible transition approach from gasoline to electric, it's still a CHEVY. It's built to Chevy construction standards, Chevy aesthetics. Oh, it's you. I was going to go to Minicon in Minneapolis just to meet you, but you didn't make it shakes fist in impotent rage . I still recommend "Halting State" to all my programmer friends, and "Accelerando" to the paranoids. Thanks for the laughs. :) Oh yes, I remember the circumstances. :) Totally understand, and glad your wife is okay! Hopefully we'll see you at Minicon or somewhere else Minneapolis-ish someday. So is there no NEW development going on? Is this just maintenance? If there are new pieces, maybe they'd have a chance to work in newer tech. Also? The way you framed this question seethes with condescension. "beta buzzy framework" and "craplication" and "version numbers http://www.12factor.net ), and it's led me to the conclusion that mainstream enterprise middleware as expressed in J2EE is fundamentally wrong. Application servers are an inherently bad idea. That said, my own coding is currently leaning toward Node.js for server stuff. I'm using Neo4j for data and it turns problems right on their ear - for my space (not all spaces), it's a million times better than relational and a thousand times better than document databases. So I'm looking for languages/frameworks that make my particular use of Neo4j more graceful. Started with Rails, but gave it up as the ActiveRecord ORM is kind of Neo4j-hostile in practice. I expect this is true of most ORM solutions (hence the R, for "relational"), so maybe I can make it better in a lighter-weight system. At any rate, there are no silver bullets, but plenty of wooden ones. I lump PHP in that category. If there's an existing PHP app, then by all means maintain it, but don't use it for new projects! Hell YES fire a client! It's not just about money. It's about grief and stress. Don't work for people who want to set up a Panopticon because they think you're cheating them. Just... no. My feels, let me to you show them! :) Thinking of my wife, who mockingly calls founders of early stage startups "living room CEOs". I was in a fundraising presentation with a couple dozen hopefuls a while back, and realized that I was in a whole roomful of living room CEOs (I already knew my own status in this regard - see she's my wife, above). And I realized, with fascinating clarity, what my next goal is... to advance from living room CEO to paper millionaire! Get a round of angel funding with a sufficiently high valuation that my post-investment share is worth at least a million. Doesn't mean I could sell it for a million, but at least on paper I'd be rich! If you want to sell a million dollars' worth of product, there's a quantity/quality of sale ratio. You can sell a million people something that costs a buck, or a thousand people something that costs a thousand, or one person something that costs a million. Hidden inside this is a problem that affects all startups, not just education... there's no money to be made selling to poor people, because they don't have much money. Poor people aren't thousand dollar customers, generally. If you want to get rich selling to them, you need deep/broad market penetration. So to make money on an education business, you either need very broad use (at least six figures of users), or something of very high value to those who can afford it - the thousand people for a thousand dollars model (much more than that, and you're actually selling to institutions). When we say "startup" around here, we're specifically talking about a pretty narrow economic model... angel/venture funded software companies targeting $10M-$100M+ annual sales in less than a decade. It needs those hockey-stick graphs to justify the investment. How do you get that? There are probably spaces that can be exploited by startups - mobile software that simplifies the lives of college students in the under-$100 range, for example. But really, I think the innovation mostly has to come as entrepreneurship within institutions. Finished is better than perfect, every time. I say this constantly to creative people who struggle with your problem. I've solved it myself by making "finished" a hard goal and habit, and leaving a trail of completed projects behind me. Here's the thing... smart, creative people generate ideas at an appalling rate. Each new idea is a temptation. The trick is to sort through them, learn to ignore ideas that don't REALLY grab you. Go back and work on the existing ideas, the ones that have already grabbed you. Keep working on them even when they're frustrating or boring or seem impossible. Next trick... have an exit strategy. Have a clearly defined "done" point. You won't finish if you don't know what "finished" means. Next trick... deadlines. Set deadlines for interim goals, and interim goals small enough to feel reachable. Learn from Agile development techniques. You can do Agile even as a one-person shop. Have you TRIED it? You can try things like a Kanban (Trello is awesome) to roll work forward out of your backlog. Or a to-do list. But the simple fact is, you will always have more work to do than you have bandwidth to do it, if you're a remotely interesting person. So sure, some things will "disappear". That's okay. If they DON'T disappear, other things won't get done. Aquihire is a failure mode. Company builds a good team, but the product can't get enough traction to be sold on its own merits. ${BIGCORP) swoops in and buys out the company for a LOT less than it would be worth with a successful product, ditches the product and handcuffs the team. It's a less awful ending for a startup than going bankrupt and folding the company, but it's not an actual business plan! Sheesh, if I'm pouring a few years of my life into creating a product, I hope it's more than an elaborate flirtation to get hired at Google with a signing bonus! It's probably because of a sense that Zuckerberg and his ilk are "one of us" because they're in the same industry we are. That's hardly true; they have very different interests than the average coder. If you're a programmer and want to donate to people defending your interests in the political realm, consider EFF instead. Don't disagree with any of this. Acqui-hire isn't ideal, but it's better than the alternative, which is starting over. Well, it needs reformed. When there are 11 million undocumented workers in the country, there's clearly a market distortion going on. The problem is, we have a demand-side problem (need for unskilled or semi-skilled labor), but insist on treating it with supply-side solutions (Higher walls! More deportation!). That's not going to work. The nimble small businesses of illegal immigration will easily come up with new ways to bring them in faster than slow government can plug the leaks. Leaving morality out of it, it's not an EFFECTIVE approach. And it's a frustrating situation, because it turns many ordinary, otherwise law-abiding Americans into tacit criminals, consciously or unconsciously hiring undocumented workers to do basic stuff like wash the dishes or mow the lawn. And the illegal workers live in fear and don't participate in the processes they should, like getting driver's licenses. A sensible visa system could address the supply side by giving a legal mechanism for a sufficient number of workers, reducing demand for illegals, and would allow those newly legal workers to participate without fear as residents, if not citizens. It would reduce crime and stress. Facebook's interests are served by trading favors. FB has money and branding - that's its currency in Washington. And in Washington, legislators have complex agendas and constantly trade favors. So in order to get some legislator's support for the immigration reform they want, they offer to support something they don't care about normally (in this case, the Keystone pipeline). If you only think about your own interests in a narrow sense, you will be continually steamrollered by those with broader minds and agendas. Talk itself (that is, marketing) can be a "minimum viable product". Enough to make sales. But I think that's more valuable in the Kickstarter world of making things you can kick. In software, the standard is usually (not always) higher. As a consumer myself, I'm a lot more willing to pay for the promise of a physical product, than to pay for the promise of software. A brilliant and tenacious person can fail due to bad luck, but you can't succeed at the billionaire level WITHOUT being brilliant and tenacious. So bad luck can be a factor, but good luck is not, really. Good luck might separate the billionaires from the millionaires, maybe. Before even delving into development beyond the internal spikes, put together your business model! You should have a pretty good idea who (and how numerous) your customers are, how much they're willing to pay, and how to reach them. Once you have those, you have some revenue numbers. From there, you can extrapolate at least a rough outline of a business plan. If you can't figure out who the customers are or what they'll pay or how to get them to pay, then maybe you're sitting on a nice open source project instead. Lack of a business objective doesn't mean you shouldn't do it, but maybe it means you shouldn't try to make a living from it. Really? I think the "gold-plated resumes" are off taking dull, mainstream management jobs and settling for upper middle class. And connections are ALWAYS made by hard work, if they're of any real value at all. Most rich people are self-made, and if you want to get their support (ie angel investors), they have to really believe you're one of them - that you'll earn your riches, not be born into it. The very mentality it takes to be a good founder, to really go for broke with a startup, is at odds with the gold-plated resume. Gates and Zuckerburg dropped out of Harvard. They didn't get those delicious "Harvard connections", because Harvard simply wasn't good enough for their ambitions and talent. I was writing about just this tension recently... http://www.baqbeat.com/2013/04/27/the-product-is-the-marketi... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_income_guarantee The solution is simple. You simply give every adult citizen enough money every year to insure that they can afford food, shelter, and other basic needs. Give it to everyone, rich or poor, same amount. BAM! No more poverty, except in self-inflicted cases (drug addiction, for example), or things like severe and very expensive illness (which are covered by other means). This can be paid for in large part by the abolition of welfare systems, unemployment, Social Security, etc. The stock criticism is that people wouldn't work, because they wouldn't have to. Frankly, I don't want such poorly motivated people working anyway, because they're not productive. And anyone who wants more than barely-poverty will get a job or start a business. Another nice feature is that this supports people who want to do something productive but not financially valuable - charity work, ministry, art. I don't think anyone actually PREFERS to be homeless, except for a few exotics. Most of the homeless in America are that way due to either a: unfortunate economic circumstances, or b: mental illness that precludes normal social functioning. There are exceptions that prove the rule. But "most" is an excuse. As Paul Graham said on a different thread yesterday, if you have a choice between two explanations and one justifies you being lazy, choose the other one. Yes, but I also figure that anyone smart enough to effectively game the welfare system is smart enough to do substantially better than what even gamed welfare can provide. And wouldn't some other business step in then and undersell them? Supply and demand, man. And yes, there would still be people who blew their GMI money on drugs and wound up homeless. And there would still be charities to help them. Back in the day, President Reagan insisted that all decisions he needed to make be given to him in the form of a one page memo with a yes/no checkbox. We made fun of him for being stupid back then, but now I appreciate the wisdom of it. If he needed to know more, he could always ask, but a one-page yes/no decision forced some efficiency. Of course, the effectiveness of this approach depends a great deal on the quality of your staff. Ultimately, software is about getting specific answers to non-specific questions. Given the astounding productivity ratio between a great developer and a mediocre one, a treat like an unexpected bonus is a very good way to ensure loyalty. If he's an unexpectedly good developer who was underpriced due to external market factors, his price will go up anyway once those factors are stabilized. Better to be the customer who recognized and rewarded his value first - that will make him loyal to YOU, and willing to go an extra mile later. Otherwise, you're just waiting til you need him again, and you can't get him, because he's booked and you're Just Another Customer. edit: This made me think of a delightful documentary, "Herb and Dorothy", about a couple of ordinary middle class New Yorkers who became major collectors of modern art. They were always bleeding edge and bought from a lot of later-famous artists when those artists were deciding between rent and food some months. So later on, the artists would be rich and famous, but still cut special price deals for Herb and Dorothy, deals ordinary collectors would never get - because they were the first buyers to recognize the artist's worth. This is relevant to my interests. As a configuration engineer who occasionally programs ("one-man devops team", a co-worker called me), I've looked at Javascript with disdain. A two-month stint as a full time Javascript programmer (in extjs) a while back didn't help that... the language felt awkward and unnecessarily crufty to me. But now that I'm developing from scratch for my own startup, I'm finding myself back at Javascript. Node.js is actually solving problems for me as a server, and I'm plowing through a number of Javascript animation tools for data visualization problems (D3 is currently winning). And discovering CoffeeScript has made the whole process more pleasant, hiding the unaesthetic syntax issues and giving me best-of-breed features from elegant languages like Python, Ruby, and Haskell. List comprehensions in Javascript? Yes, please! I'm not to the point where I can find charm in the icky parts yet, but I'm finding Javascript solves problems I can't solve elegantly any other way, and CoffeeScript goes a long way toward hiding the cruft. I don't see why this is such a big deal. I've been able to send money via gmail for a long time now! My penis is bigger, I can get drugs from Canada, my hair has grown back, and I've discovered long-lost wealthy relatives in Nigeria! Thanks for posting this! As a pre-beta startup, AL looks like an interesting way to generate funding, but using it effectively is a bit baffling. C'est la vie. My big concern now is getting customers, not funding. Technically, their collection was worth many millions of dollars, if they'd parted it out rather than donating it. For a totally alternative and HN-relevant take on this subject, see http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/04/fashion/art-and-techology-... , a NY Times article about the uncomfortable relationship between the traditional art collecting world and the new tech millionaires. As someone actively involved in the art world (photography, music, dance, and theater) as well as the tech world, this article made sense to me. A lot of it, though, gets down to the art world simply not understanding their (potential) customers. The art cognoscenti have traditionally sold a sense of elitism and insiderism that is, frankly, alien to most programmers. If they want rich programmers to support the world of fine art, they need to find a way to make it valuable in non-financial terms. Programmers simply don't value "taste" the same way (see PG's excellent essay on taste here for a different take). You could easily liken it to being angel investors in Silicon Valley. A middle class couple might become great at it, but they wouldn't be able to pull it off in Sheboygan. Reflecting on death is boring. That "sigh" moment is really important. If you want the benefits of good habits like TDD, you need to make them rewarding at the micro as well as macro level. More carrot, less stick. Finally, an INTERESTING article about the Yahoo/Tumblr thing. Look up "qualified investor". Opening ownership shares up to literally thousands (if not millions) of not-qualified investors makes it impossible to get proper funding from VCs later. Imagine having to get signatures from 100,000 ten dollar investors, just to get a million dollars. Crazy. Pick the one that feels gut-right, and look for reasons to shoot it down. Giving yourself a menu of choices leads to analysis paralysis. Better yet, back it up a level... why do you need a dedicated server, rather than cloud hosting? Dedicated servers go strongly against industry trends. Well, why was it posted to HN in the first place? Because of the Yahoo/Tumblr sale. That makes it relevant. Not saying that cloud over dedicated host is the answer. Saying that it is an important question (and the answer should be application-specific). When you find your business decisions going against the herd, you should really ask yourself WHY you're going against the herd, because our herd is pretty smart. That doesn't mean you should never go against, just that you should make sure you're thinking it through. Bah. How much coverage do we get for, say, some random has-been celebrity's drunken arrest versus wars that cost a lot more than $11B? What the media chooses to cover (and what consumers choose to read, since we no longer have the limited-sources excuse) has pretty much nothing to do with the actual big-picture importance of the events. This is a straight-up technological disruption of an existing sales channel. The third-party dealerships are an artifact of primitive 20th century supply chain management - they're basically a caching mechanism to handle latency in the network, to put it in computerese terms. With the power of computers and online ordering, Tesla has no need for these dinosaurs. They can "cut out the middleman and pass the savings on to you", terms every consumer can understand. The fear for the dealers is not that Tesla will go around them, but that other manufacturers will follow. The big car makers already have experience setting up alternative brands to play with techniques that are too radical for their mainstream business (remember Saturn?), so it would be easy enough for something like GM spinning the Volt off as a new car company, not just a Chevy, and running Tesla-style sales. If that happens, dealers are doomed. If he was going to cave, he'd have caved already. There's nothing in it for Tesla now. The whole attempt to force Tesla into the existing supply chain model, at ZERO demonstrable benefit to consumers, looks bad politically. No politician will want to be seen publicly defending the dealers. Shorter Audi: Tesla may be outselling us at our flagship range, but since they don't sell cars that cost half as much, we're better, and we're not going to talk about what happens when they start selling cars that cost half as much... Now here's an interesting question, or maybe some interrelated questions. First, will Tesla be able to manufacture profitably in the sub-$50k range (competing with the Audi/BMW/MB low end), with a car that is range-comparable to the S? In other words, can they build a genuinely useful electric drivetrain for about the same price as an internal combustion drivetrain? Next, as they start spinning up long-term reliability figures (real people driving real Teslas in real conditions for the 100k+ miles we expect today), will costs remain comparable? Third, how long will it take Audi/BMW/Lexus/etc to develop fully electric cars of their own that are performance-comparable and compatible with whatever public charging systems start to develop? Good luck with that. Got a few years? Something those who think "work for hire" and "you should own the IP" don't seem to understand... a huge part of being a good photographer is being a good EDITOR, and learning to keep only the very best images. I'm not a "professional" in the full time sense, but I've released professional work. My "keep rate" is 2-3%. I'm simply rejecting 49 out of every 50 photos I take. I do not EVER want ANYONE to see those other 49. Many are just plain bad, and even the good ones aren't good enough for my critical standards. Because of this, I would not under any circumstances sign a work-for-hire contract as a photographer. No good photographer I know would do that. Something else to consider... for many photographers, the editing process is inseparable from the photo. The in-camera raw image is only an intermediate step. I don't know how many times I've been asked for a complete set of raw images by models or performers (I mostly shoot dance performance), and they've reacted with surprise to my flat NO answer. I'm not willing to let someone else make aesthetic decisions on my raw images, except perhaps in cases where I consider the person an artistic peer and treat it as a co-project. Camera software and automated exposure and focus have drastically reduced the technical barrier. As a photographer, I'm both amused and appalled by people who spend two grand on a camera, leave it on "Auto", realize their photos suck, and wonder if they should buy an even more expensive camera. If you don't have a computer best-guessing exposure for you and you don't understand exposure yourself, you're screwed. If you understand exposure, you don't NEED the computer to make guesses for you. My expensive DSLR is set to manual, so I don't have the computer "guess" the wrong thing. Sports journalists don't have to worry about some bridezilla taking their images, soft-filtering them and adding glowing pink hearts, and publishing every single one, no matter how awful. Their work-for-hire is going to professional editors. This is a VERY important distinction. There is if artistic integrity matters. Think about the culture you want to create. Who do you want to attract as customers? How will they be able to express themselves? And how will they find others they're interested in? If you're thinking actual social space startup, that's a HARD row to hoe right now, unless you have a really crystal-clear new idea. It's a mature, saturated market that isn't in terrible need of disruption that I can see. The only really interesting entry in that field that I've heard of lately is Bang With Friends. Going to Washington won't disrupt politics. IGNORING Washington will disrupt politics. Create an alternative center of power - one that values freedom and meritocracy. That means being independent of Big Money as well as Big Politics. Startup advice ! = How Google did it. I read a ton of startup advice, but I consciously filter out the corner cases like Google and Facebook. I'm a lot more interested in how the thousands of less famous companies have succeeded (or failed). No, there's coupling involved. Every paying job I've ever gotten as a photographer, I've gotten due to my artistic qualities. This isn't universal, but it's common. So releasing work that undermines my artistic integrity also undermines my commercial appeal. Besides, art is WHY many of us take up photography! When you just whore out your work for money, it's demoralizing. You think less of yourself as an artist, and as a person. My twin children spent seven years in Minnesota charter schools - one at one school, six at another, ultimately graduating high school. Overall, the experience was extremely positive. The reason is obvious to me... there is no single "right" way to educate a child. Every child is different, and has different needs. Techniques that work well for one student can work poorly for another, or even be counterproductive. Charters allow more technique flexibility and focus than mainstream schools. The first charter my kids attended, in sixth grade, was awful for them. They were miserable and got bad grades. Does that mean it was a bad school? No, it's a great school! But it was a bad school for my children . The rigid, Catholic-like environment of that first school is great for regular kids who could use a more disciplined environment, but for neuroatypicals, it sucked. The second school we tried was absolutely wonderful. It followed a project-based learning curriculum that gave children a lot of control over their own learning, but also demanded a lot of responsibility. My oddball children (and the herd of aspies, ADD cases, and queers that accompanied them) thrived in this environment. But frankly, I think it would be a bad school for most kids. It's too demanding. Charters are in part about experimentation. And some experiments will fail. It's not a good idea to conduct large-scale, risky educational experiments on involuntary subjects - mainstream schools. But for parents and kids who CHOOSE to try new things, the opportunities are fantastic. Sadly, most people's opinions of charters are knee-jerk political reflex, rationalized with "results" that have nothing to do with how parents or kids feel about their education. Charter schools that have a specific educational approach will attract a certain kind of teacher. At the charter my kids attended, teachers would either come and be gone in a year (they didn't get it), or they would become totally devoted to the cause, to the point where it would be difficult for another school to lure them away even if they tried. Moreover, charters with a clearly-defined academic approach attract a certain kind of student, and a certain kind of parent. So you're not getting a flat, level field of either teachers or students (what I call a "perfectly spherical cow"). You're getting a selective subset of both teachers and students, which will bias the results right there. You're wrong. Charter schools do NOT get to select, at least not in Minnesota (and states that allow selectiveness are being dumb). You are right, though, in that you're starting with a pool of students whose parents care enough to look for something better and take an active role in their children's education. You might have a problem with that. If so, I suggest you read Harrison Bergeron. That gets into state-by-state law. In Minnesota, all charters have lotteries (and those that can't "sell out" and completely fill their classrooms will probably have financial problems). States that allow charters to be selective are on a bad path, imho. Like public schools, charters should be required to accept any students who apply and get through the lottery. It's not just selection bias, though. Charters, having distinctive education styles, will be more appropriate for some students and less appropriate for others. The other layer of "selection bias", then, is that parents/children will be more inclined to charters that seem more suitable for their own needs. For example, in MN, we have a number of Somali-language bilingual charters for our massive Somali immigrant population. Fantastic option for Somali immigrant kids. Not so fantastic for other kids. That's not just selection bias on parental involvement, that's appropriate environment for the kids' needs. Look at it another way - charters provide involved but financially poor parents with the sort of focused alternatives formerly available only to the parents that could afford private schools. And more bluntly, I find it really frustrating that diversity is a liberal value EXCEPT when it comes to education. The real value of charters imho is diversity, not superiority. Give kids a chance to be educated in a a manner suited to their own minds and personalities, not trapped in a one-size-fits-most-but-really-sucks-for-others system. I grew up in an abusive home with parents who didn't give a shit. So did a lot of successful people. Allow the students and parents to be selective, not the schools. This supports market segmentation (a good way to look at it), but doesn't introduce actual unfairness. What you're talking about is more like the case of Abercrombie and Fitch refusing to make clothes for people that they don't find attractive size-wise. That's fine for private business, but not appropriate for publicly-funded systems like schools. It does, however, disprove yours. edit: More to the point... if I could have attended the fine charter my kids attended, I would have had a better trajectory overall. But more important than the schooling was my innate talent and determination. I'm way over on the nature end of the nature-vs-nurture scale. Bad families and bad schools make the success formula more difficult for kids, but not impossible. But if you create charter schools and DON'T allow them to choose their students (but let students choose them - the MN system), and you DON'T fund them over and above the mainstream schools (the MN system)... well, then your "social injustice" argument comes up kind of thin. The schools can't select, and the schools don't get extra resources, so any bias is entirely due to the will of parents/students to pursue alternatives, and the extra flexibility of the charters. What this DOES result in is at best marginal increases in test scores, but significantly happier parents, students, and teachers. To be fair, I think of Facebook more as a good microblogging platform than photo sharing. Unless more has changed than I expected, Flickr will still suck for that. This is relevant to my interests. As I develop my own enterprise SaaS product, my first-pass solution was to develop first as SaaS (to reduce my time to market), and later make an "enterprise" version that they could install themselves, on their own hardware, using a more traditional pricing model. I was dreading this because it sounds like a lot of work and support, but then my target market is businesses that have pretty severely broken internal processes, so they're probably backwards about pricing as well. I brought this up with a friend who works in enterprise sales and he cautioned me against it. His company did the same thing - for a while. They found it so problematic to support the "enterprise" version that it wasn't worth it, and now they're a pure SaaS play. They find it easier to solve the problem on the sales side (convince customers to go SaaS, and skip the ones that won't), than to "give the customer what they want". I suppose this is a case of choosing your customers. Software does indeed degrade over time - platform support (gee, do your Windows 3.1 apps run?), security flaws, etc. Bah. They're not "overpriced" as long as someone is willing to pay the price. Startup pricing is about as close to a frictionless transaction as we're going to see. What they're actually complaining about is that the YC companies are getting better terms from investors, thanks to PG/YC's deliberate efforts to shift the balance of power in favor of the founders. I'm not crying tears for them. They don't like the terms, they're welcome to walk away from the table. Pretty much, yeah. As organizations become larger, they become more risk-averse, which means more meetings and more approvals. So a lot of the work done in big enterprises is just either getting agreement, or chasing down information. I started my career the year my kids were born. I started my startup their freshman year of college. The years between? Corporate 9-5 jobs (technically, I'm still doing that, bootstrapping with a day job). It wasn't so much the time as the stability. I knew what my hours would be, and what my income would be. But with the kids basically adults now and able to care for themselves if needed, I feel much more free to take risks and do extensive off-hours work while ignoring them. As a plus on this, my startup idea is derived from my long career in enterprise software. It's a much more solid concept and more solid market than the sort of monetize-pictures-of-cats stuff that seems to infect young developers. I'm working on a real problem that I understand really well, for customers who have money and are willing to spend it. I'm far more likely to succeed now than I would have been 15 years ago. This is exactly the opposite of the music industry, which has been turning metal into fake rock for years. I've been in IT for ~20 years. I started in Unix systems programming, in C. in 2002, I shifted into Java/J2EE. Another decade later and I find myself shifting again, this time to modern lightweight systems (Rails, Node) and NoSQL (Neo4J). They're just languages, not that big a deal. What's more important is my ability to put problems in perspective. You're kidding, right? The end result of the 21st century will be that we will use every single gram of fossil fuel of every type (petroleum, natural gas, coal) that can be dug up for less cost than wind/solar. The more reserves we find, the more carbon winds up in the atmosphere. Environmental handwringing will be about as effective as standing in front of an oncoming train and whispering "stop, please". At best, the environmentalists will succeed in slowing fossil fuel consumption down by a decade or two before we hit the inevitable wall of it no longer being economically viable. Meanwhile, we'll slam into Hubbert's Peak at the global level some years before the dinosaur farts run out, resulting in a steep drop in energy availability and a steep increase in cost. This will send shockwaves through the global economy, and set off resource wars the likes of which we've never seen. If we're very, very smart, and very, very lucky, we won't see half the population of the Earth wiped out in resource wars and famine during this century. :( Future for how long? 10 years? 25? 50? 500? Indeed. China doesn't have the practice of actually projecting military force the way we do. On the other hand, long distance fuel transport is a highly vulnerable situation. It doesn't take much to bomb a pipeline into uselessness. I fear the odds favor localized terrorism over massive force. I think solar/wind becoming cheaper than fossil fuel substantially before the global Hubbert's Peak would fall under my "very, very lucky" clause. It's nice to hope for, and I do have my hopes up. But. :( Ah, but it WILL happen. Finite is finite. It's a thermal efficiency problem. Yes, you can theoretically turn atmospheric gasses (CO2 and water) into gasoline, but it requires a LOT more energy to create than you get out of it by burning on the back end. If there's sufficient surplus solar energy one of these days, it's great. Gasoline is just about the perfect energy source for vehicles, but petroleum is kind of a nasty source for gasoline. Unfortunately, it's the only net energy positive one. It stops when EROEI hits 1:1, though, and it's no longer possible to get a net positive energy result from recovery/refining. The tar sands are already in the 3:1 range. Corn ethanol is even worse, 1.3:1. In practice, it will stop before that, when the recovery costs exceed the cost of wind/solar. In the meantime, it will continue to be LESS expensive than unsubsidized wind/solar. I'm not so hopeful about electric cars. The nice version of the Tesla S has an 85kwh battery to accomplish adequate range, and its drivetrain is probably pushing 90% efficiency. It really does take 80-100kwh to drive a midsized sedan for 250+ miles. Even a doubling of battery power/weight ratio from now is optimistic. And charging times are tied to that massive storage - a 20kw source (the equivalent of a 200 amp circuit at home) would take over four hours to charge it. And that's, say, 20 amps at 1000 volts - enough to jump a spark a few feet and leave a smoking puddle where your shoes used to be if there's a problem. So faster charging requires specialized charging stations that must be carefully managed, a lead Tesla has taken. And even those stations can only do half-full on power. The battery won't take the abuse of high speed charging all the way. So the car tech is already here. The charging problem, on the other hand, is borderline unsolveable. First draw your curve, then plot your data. Cato isn't so much a "conservative think tank" as a mouthpiece for certain established financial interests, such as the oil industry. So Cato's job is not to produce facts and logic, but rather to produce propaganda that bears a surface resemblance to facts and logic, in order to put a thumb on the political scales. Tesla is what we in our little corner here call "disruptive innovation" - in this case, disrupting the automotive sector's dependence on the oil industry. This is a technically difficult and very expensive proposition, in the face of some extremely powerful vested interests at both the national level (Cato Institute for oil) and the local level (mandatory dealer laws in Texas, etc). Tesla is tackling this in part by relying on tax subsidies to consumers, based on the public good. Now, if tax subsidies benefit Cato's backers, then Cato is all for tax subsidies. But if tax subsidies threaten their backers, then Cato is suddenly all righteous about "free markets". Cato doesn't give a crap about free markets. And their backers are scared... Detroit and other non-US auto manufacturers are sorta-neutral third parties here. They're not in the oil business, they're in the car manufacturing business. If Tesla's disruption is successful, they'd much rather adopt Tesla's model and cut Big Oil loose, than go out of business manufacturing dinosaur-fart burners. So this post is mostly interesting in that grumbling about consumer tax subsidies on high-end luxury goods is the BEST they have. Tesla doesn't WANT to increase demand right now. That means scaling up manufacturing, which is extremely expensive and still kind of politically shaky. MUCH better for them to put a ceiling on demand with high prices, and simultaneously increase their profit margin. More money in the bank for later expansion, less debt, and less commitment to potentially flawed early designs. The Tesla Roadster was ridiculous, but the cash it generated and the lessons it taught them gave them the opportunity to scale with the S sedan. Now the S sedan will give them that same cash/lessons combination to expand with whatever comes next. This is no different than scaling a software startup, if you think about it. Because you have a widely experienced team and you don't know who might have the answer. Meetings are synchronous, email is asynchronous. The feedback loop is tighter. Standups get lots of bright minds in the same place at the same time. Standups let you know what else is going on, which is indeed useful. I've never understood this thing about silos and belittling out-of-band communication. The only way to get the Big Picture is to hear what other people are working on, preferably in an unfiltered manner. Then again, a lot of developers seem to prefer their little heads-down silo, worrying that their little room is uncomfortably warm without knowing the house is on fire. Email interrupts too, and probably worse because it happens ALL THE DAMNED TIME. Slicker systems like Campfire can be better, but you're still dealing with asynchronous versus synchronous communication. Synchronous is almost always more efficient. The whole problem with the OP's premise is that his root cause analysis is flawed. He sees that most meetings are inefficient, and therefore assumes inefficiency is caused by meetings. But meetings also provide other efficiencies. As long as the added efficiency outweighs the cost, meetings are a net win. Sooner or later, the federal government (and foreign governments as well) will attempt to crack down on Bitcoin, simply because they need to protect their monopoly on currency. Has nothing to do with right or wrong, or crimes that may be committed using Bitcoins. Hell, crimes are committed with cash all the time, but they aren't gonna crack down on THAT. Yet. I don't like how pricing is hidden, and then "per day" when finally dug in. It feels like it's trying to cover up for being more expensive than the vendor wants to admit. That, in turn, makes me as a potential customer suspicious. Starting a relationship on already-misleading terms isn't good. If you have no balance in your life, is it because startups are that hard, or because you have no balance? (Yes, it's a tautology, or perhaps recursion) Is the startup just a means of running away from other things by running toward something else? Is it fundamentally different from, say, alcoholism, or serial monogamy, or any other semi-consciously self-destructive behavior? Of course, there are sacrifices to be made. But ultimately, it's about priorities. If your startup is SO important that you're losing your health or your marriage, then there's something wrong with how you're prioritizing. The startup can still get MOST of your time (like any career), but without ruining you. Once you've learned a complex skill, it can seem very easy to you - and you no longer see that it's not-easy to the point of impossible for many others. Most people don't have the talent or patience to learn it at all. Besides software, I play guitar. I've played guitar for over 30 years now. I long ago passed a level of mastery on the instrument, and my attention is focused on expression rather than technique. When working with other guitarists, it can be difficult to even comprehend that they haven't mastered their instruments technically, that things I do without thinking are hard for them to even understand, much less do. And frankly, most of them will never, ever master their instruments. Software's the same way. It takes, at least, several years to really master it to the point where the act of coding itself no longer gets in your way and dominates your thinking, and you can focus on problems of expression rather than technique. The value of tools like Rails is that they further reduce the technical friction, getting you closer to expressiveness. And THIS is why coders are worth it. There's work that needs to be done, work that has real market value, and a very limited number of people with the mastery needed to perform the work. And yeah, most startups are crap, but the big wins are big enough to justify risk on a bunch of small losers, so the market is there. I just wish I could make a living as a guitarist. It's more interesting and challenging. First, consider building it as a SaaS web app rather than a desktop app. I don't want to be tied to my desktop with it! I want to be able to see things from my phone, other computers, etc. More importantly, what does this offer me that I can't get elsewhere, for free? There are a zillion bug tracking apps already. You need to offer something I can't get elsewhere. Don't think too much about price, or about making it inexpensive in order to get more customers. I value my personal time at $100/hour, so if an app can save me just one hour, it's worth $100. But it has to not only be worth an hour, it has to be worth an hour above my alternatives. Depends. What problem are you trying to solve? If your problem is mere employability, you've already solved that. Actual work experience with Rails and a modern stack (with the added plus of a four year degree, albeit non-CS) is enough for a massively buzzword-compliant resume. And with a business degree and that kind of education, you might be better off focusing on the business problem space rather than the programming space. Keep programming, but be a real-problem expert. Frankly, people who speak both programming and business adequately are more valuable than specialists who know one but not the other, in many/most cases. So you already have enough to choose your job. Missing a CS theory question in an interview should not be the difference between pay-rent and no-pay-rent for you. Therefore, the reason to learn deeper CS theory is because you WANT to learn it, because you find it interesting for its own sake, because you want to master your craft. That's good, that's pride. In that case, study some well-regarded algorithm/data structure books and other classics, do code katas (google it), maybe even go back to school and get an MIS degree. I'd also recommend learning languages. C in particular is important, because it will teach you how memory is managed. If you've never had to manage it manually, there are a lot of things you don't understand. This doesn't mean I recommend manual memory management (geez, if ANYTHING invites automation, it's memory management!), but it's good to understand how and why. "I don't need to be fast. I just need to be faster than you!" Your trail-covering only needs to be better than the investigation capability of those who are investigating your leak. That doesn't mean doing ANYTHING becomes acceptable. There are lines that shouldn't be crossed. We can debate what those lines should be, but you're suggesting there are no lines. I sometimes feel I'm at a disadvantage by working on a startup that just provides incremental improvement for a well-understood problem for well-defined customers. It's like making money isn't cool enough. I feel your pain. I'd love to find a co-founder to share load, but no luck so far. :( But if you have a working product and paying clients, you should definitely go seek funding. It'll slow down your development, but you're in a much better position because you're already selling. You need a registration-free link for this. If you get the right lighting (early evening is best), such storms have even MORE vivid colors than that. As a child of the midwest, I love watching supercells and the amazing colors and textures they can generate. Not crazy enough to chase them, though. I once watched a tornado tearing through a treeline in the country, realized that it could have a buddy hiding in the rain behind me, and sobered right up. The sub-headline of the dead-tree version of the St Paul Pioneer Press yesterday bothered to point out that he didn't have a high school diploma. Sigh. We must find SOME reason someone would report that America is spying on its own citizens. Couldn't possibly be patriotism. And there must be SOME reason that a guy who isn't formally credentialed by the appropriate authority figures could land a high-paying, important job. Couldn't possibly be talent. Well, it had to come from somewhere. But if that leak happened to be getting waterboarded by our freedom-loving allies in Khazakstan rather than a face and a name, it'd be easier to, um, keep quiet. +1. Now, how do I kill people on this MUD? That antique joke aside, most people don't know enough to know that they don't know. People who think Edward Tufte is a cartoon rabbit pontificating on design... is this really any worse than listening to them pontificate on Turkish politics, or the prime lending rate, or the relative merits of three star restaurants in foreign countries where they'll never eat? As a build/configuration management specialist, I'm boggled that continuous integration is STILL a controversial subject, and that so many developers have never been exposed to it. But, such is the sad state of our industry. Gun ownership has fuck all to do with the "need to overthrow the government some day". That's idiocy, that's lunacy. Go ask the Weather Underground or the Branch Davidians what happens when you have guns and think you can challenge the government. If you can't defend your desire to possess guns EXCEPT by threatening the rule of law, you have a shoddy argument. The same goes for "home defense". The purpose of rights is not defense against tyranny. If it is, then you're implicitly arguing that it would be okay to take your rights away, as long as there is no danger of tyranny. ps: I'm totally pro-gun. I think gun control arguments are flawed as well. But the pro-gun arguments made, including this one, are usually awful. I'm thinking about in the enterprise, not on the internet. I've seen supposedly adult engineers argue that establishing a repeatable build process will slow them down or cause the sun to set in the east or some such nonsense. And those are the senior people. There are a zillion junior programmers out there who have never discovered there are ways to build Java apps that aren't exporting a war file from Eclipse. :( What makes the domain name valuable? People stopped looking for services by domain name about ten seconds after Google was invented. Unless it's a brand name and trademark-sensitive, there's not much you can do. If you have a viable money-making idea, build it without the magical domain name, get rich, buy the domain. Where are you located? What you probably want right now is a seed round of angel investment, but that depends a lot on the angel community in your area. Go read everything Paul Graham (the guy who started YCombinator) ever wrote, for starters. And read Brad Feld's website as well. Those will give you a good insight into fundraising. A few things... First, don't place isolated works of genius against the mundane day-to-day work that most people do. Most of us aren't geniuses. I'm not an Einstein, and I'll never look good compared to him. Next, I don't think it's that vociferous a demand in the industry. Most of the industry still resists pairing, regardless of results. And certainly, nobody is saying that it's impossible to be productive unless you pair. Now, some positives for pairing. First, it's a risk management approach. Businesses generally aren't interested in maximizing productivity. They're interested in minimizing risk. Don't believe when they say otherwise, they're full of crap. (To be precise, they're interested in minimizing the APPEARANCE of risk more so than risk itself, but.) Depending too much on the results of individual programmers who could quit, be incompetent, or get hit by a bus is a business risk. By pairing, the knowledge gets distributed throughout the team. Moreover, it helps mentor junior programmers and integrate new staff. Beyond that, I just find it a useful technique in many situations. Programming requires thinking on several levels at once. I've found it very effective for the driver to focus on the individual lines of code, while the kibbitzer keeps track of the big picture. It also helps keep you going when you hit a roadblock, rather than checking Twitter and coming back to life two hours later. So there are real productivity gains to be had. Have you ever seriously TRIED pairing? tl;dr The ACLU is leading a particularly good suit. As a Verizon customer, their phone records were scanned as well. And as a legal firm handling cases where even the existence of a call to a lawyer is privileged information (ie govt whistleblowers), the system is clearly unconstitutional. I worked in a pair programming shop for nine years. What I saw was that some programmers couldn't handle it at all (you're probably one of them), but others took to it like a fish to water. I can go either way myself. But again, it's not about the productivity of the individual. It's about the productivity of the organization. If I put on a manager hat and one programmer can't deal with team processes, no matter how good she is, she's gone. If I want the benefits of pairing for a team, I won't hire programmers or keep programmers who can't deal with it. Code is not an end in itself, only a means to an end. Avoiding writing code is quite often a "cool hack". Actually, let me put this another way... back in the original dotcom era, I worked at a startup that decided to write a BIOS. With the amount of hardware we'd be selling, it'd save a million dollars! Well worth six man-months or so of work, right? WRONG. That was six man-months of critical programmer time when the time and money was running out, and all we learned was that we couldn't do it in a 512k PROM (not with our design anyway), and upgrading to a 1mb PROM would have cost more than a license from Phoenix for their BIOS. That's what happens when you let the inmates run the asylum. Programmers are fools, for the most part. They don't understand what problem they're really trying to solve. We thought we were solving a cost-of-production problem for a fully scaled business. That wasn't the problem. The PROBLEM was NOT DYING. And that meant getting a working product out the door as quickly as possible, even if it cost more. It's a step in the right direction, all right - or at least a step ahead of the backslide. But an os update and a new case for an old product is hardly the stuff a company's future is made of. Apple isn't famous because they gave us os updates. They're famous because they gave us the iPad, the iPhone, the iPod, iTunes, OSX, the Macintosh, and the Apple II. Any one of those products would have made a company huge from scratch, would have made the designer famous, would have made the company forever remembered. Steve Jobs did it SEVEN times. Do they have any more products that change the world? If they don't, the decay to mediocrity is inevitable. For the application development side of this, see http://www.12factor.net . One of the tenets is that processes should be stateless, and therefore filesystems are ephemeral. Don't expect a file to stick around from invocation to invocation. This is explicitly true on Heroku, where they guarantee that they will kill every process sooner or later - and with it, the VM that it runs in. Another advantage of using environment rather than a config file for configuration is not leaving a file full of secrets lying around in your environment. And why is loading your environment so difficult? If I can put foo=bar in a config file, I can put export FOO='bar' in a startup script, and delete the startup script once the application has started. A filesystem as backing service is a different problem (or more to the point, a different solution). But the filesystem used to store the application runtime is itself ephemeral. In Heroku, when the app shuts down, its VM goes away permanently, along with any local storage, and any instance of an app can be shut down at any time. My favorite mailing list is closed and private (no, I'm not inviting you), and has been running since the 1990s. The timing part is something really important, and something that can't be controlled, because it depends on outside factors. What entrepreneurs CAN do is try to choose businesses that are less dependent on market timing. Not arrogance, practicality. Closed groups are a fantastic way to maintain quality. No need for moderation, no newbies, no stupid questions, very high signal/noise ratio, comraderie of many years together. There's a great deal to be said about the value of exclusive clubs. That's why they're so popular. Yes, exactly. Public lists can suffer tragedy of the commons very easily. People SHOULD set up private lists. This one has been going since 1999 as a formal list, and was an informal cc chain for a couple of years before that. There's usually an inverse relationship between quality of discussion and welcoming environment for newbies. If you want to have deep discussion about, well, anything, and you have newbies (or worse, people who think they aren't newbies) asking basic questions and failing to RTFM beforehand, you'll lose. A few years ago, I was on a panel about intellectual property with Cory Doctorow at a science fiction convention. It COULD have been a really fun conversation - Cory and I agree on enough for common ground, and disagree enough to be interesting, and we both understood the topic really well. But the standing-room-only crowd just wanted to ask obvious question after obvious question, or go on rants that were demonstrably naive at best. It was really frustrating. Tragedy of the commons, man. What sort of working conditions are you looking for? Do you want a steady, corporate job, or is it working on programming that matters most? It might be possible for you to latch onto a startup. Look for cofounder dating meetups in your area. Lots of business people who don't know programming at all have ideas that need to be turned into software. Another thing, and this is big... where do you live? The programming side of the IT industry is strongly concentrated in certain urban areas. If you don't live in a major city with a real software industry, you may need to move for opportunities. This doesn't mean you have to live in Silicon Valley, but you have to live somewhere that the jobs are - cities like Minneapolis, Denver, and St Louis all have substantial software industries. Can we rephrase that as "Should Google know as much as the government"? Or would that be rude? Very cool! I was actually thinking about wanting something like that. I find it amusingly ironic that an article about bad taste and billion-year-old water is in "The Atlantic". The OP didn't say "open". And frankly, the closed ones are often the best sources. Getting involved in a really high-quality closed list can solve a lot of problems. Downrating my response? I can see that. Bitching about how "arrogant" it is? So WHO crapped up the thread, exactly? You're not exactly being fair here. I don't think it's unreasonable for me to respond to getting flamed. Or alternately, you can view this whole unfortunate affair as the sort of tragedy of the commons that undermines the quality of discussion in public forums. You can close your mind to the point, or you can open it. Your call. Yeah, there was a bit of "Lose 20 pounds and raise $300k on Angellist using this weird old trick" to the article. :( Reading through, it boils down to good product, fashionable market space, and some timing luck. Great for them, and I'm happy to see Angellist trying to prove that they can get funding for those of us who aren't in Silicon Valley or NYC, but I didn't feel this was very helpful for me - and I should be the target market here! (Early stage startup, outside Silicon Valley, somewhat fashionable space) I'll fully own up to my initial comment being not very useful - not because it was "arrogant", but because I didn't provide the backing reasoning. I'm not whining about the downrating there. The flaming, however, was unnecessary and inappropriate. Downrating reasonable responses was inappropriate, too. Community behavior IS problematic here (and that includes my own community behavior, and yours as well), and that's the "tragedy of the commons" for public forums. A lot go so far down the newbie/flamewar rabbit holes that they become effectively useless. I know people who already consider HN useless for those reasons. I'm not the victim here. The community is the victim. This shouldn't be so hard to understand. It wasn't intended to be boasting, but that's how it came off. You're right, it was a lousy comment, and should have been more thorough. It means you need to hire a professional patent attorney to do a proper patent search, discuss your tech with you, and probably apply for a defensive patent (or alternately, get a license from the original patent holder, especially if they aren't really using the patent on a competing product). The real hard part is that so many of us grew up on a: Moore's Law, and b: science fiction. We want to believe Moore's Law applies to everything, because it fits the mythos and the observed behavior of the world we grew up in. Sadly, nothing but computers are subject to Moore's Law. And even there, it'll run out sooner or later. So how do you mean "incentivize"? Financial renumeration can often be had, by getting hired by a company that benefits from your open source project (this probably covers thousands of open source developers today). But money isn't why people start open source projects, for the most part. What's their motivation? Pride? Political freedom? Helping the world? Depends on the person. Incentives need to be aligned with the individual being incentivized. But honestly, money isn't a good open source motivator. If someone wants to get rich, there are usually better ways via closed source. Thinking about it, we should maybe be incentivizing existing businesses to support on-the-clock open source work by their own staff. Ah, you need to understand SEO (to optimize your site), metrics/analytics (to understand your visitors and measure improvement), and most importantly, interesting content that is connected to people who would be interested in it. There are hundreds of Great American Novels lying around in drawers as unpublished manuscripts. Many of them are truly great. Don't be one of them! You need to find your audience, get product/market fit. That's about marketing. Many are former developers/entrepreneurs. Now they're VCs. Maybe they wised up? :P) The investors clearly see a payoff down the road. It happens, you know. Well, I did say that interesting content was the most important thing (really, interesting content that those who are interested in it would know about). That would be a good open source project! Is he secretly FAKE GRIMLOCK? Actually making things - finished things - is the hard part. For one, almost anything worth creating involves substantial schlep, and people lack the patience for the schlep. For another, creative people continually have new ideas, and it's very easy to drop that boring schlep in favor of the shiny new idea. I know a ton of wonderfully creative minds, full of great ideas, that have never accomplished anything. They never finish, either due to frustration with the schlep, or by starting something new before they ever finish what they were working on. Those people are NOT good creative partners, generally. They'll flake out when the going gets tough - and if what you're doing is interesting enough to be worthwhile, it WILL get tough at some point. "his book makes not being a bestselling author seem like an accomplishment". And that, my friend, is a GREAT marketing plan. You know how when pg says that if there are two explanations for your situation, and one gives you an excuse to be lazy, choose the other one? Most people choose the excuse to be lazy. That's a big market just itching to pay to have someone tell them what they want to hear. Wait, you're working 60+ hours on boring crap that doesn't advance your career? WHAT THE HELL?!? STOP THAT!! Take another job. ANY other job. Flip burgers if you must. Get your priorities in order. 60+ hour work weeks on something you don't utterly love leave you no time to have a life, much less build a career. Will it be hard in the future to find a job WITH a degree? A college degree is basically a certification of a certain level of education, but more importantly, a certification of a certain level of willingness to jump through the hoops to get the certification. It's proof that you are willing to behave in ways business finds useful. So it's not NECESSARY to have a great career, but not having one will close off certain paths for you. It will also close off the possibility of going to graduate school in the future, to study more interesting aspects of math and computer science, or to follow a path like law or medicine where degrees are required, not just helpful. Sadly, that's the exception rather than the rule for libertarians (I say this as a left libertarian). Far too many self-styled libertarians are convinced they'd be rich if they weren't being held down by taxes and regulation. Sigh. What I've started telling every single one who parrots this nonsense - "Show me an onerous regulation that causes real pain for individuals and businesses, and I'll show you an opportunity for a REAL entrepreneur to get rich by making their lives easier." For all the talk of entrepreneurial spirit among right-libertarians, they have shockingly little faith in the capabilities of entrepreneurs to turn other people's problems into business opportunities. More than just who your parents are... who your role models are. Who are the most successful adults you know when growing up as a child, what are they doing with their lives, and how did they get there? I grew up in a poor, uneducated family. The only wealthy/successful people I met were people my dad worked for, and he had nothing but contempt for them generally. It wasn't until I went to college that I really started meeting people who made something of themselves. My sense of scope, of what I can do on my own, has grown with the kinds of people I know. I left the limitations of my childhood behind long ago. Probably not. It's INTENDED to be an exclusive neighborhood. The city government is probably rigged to maximum effectiveness at protecting the interests of the wealthy and exclusive. So doing things that impede the rabble is probably rewarded, not punished. I'm reminded of Knuth's six character critique of C++... a c; (from Dr. Dobbs, many years ago) Can you determine the function of that statement without knowing the types of the variables? No? That's because there's a parse problem in C++. If they had only used, say, [ ] rather than for template declaration, it could have parsed cleanly. Overloading operators for unrelated functionality is a dangerous and usually unnecessary practice. The question is, will he be done with The Art of Computer Programming before George R.R. Martin is done with The Song of Ice and Fire? For question #2, this doesn't seem like a heavy duty product, just a tool for experiments and spikes. If you're doing real development, you wouldn't be using it (not unless it grows a lot in power and scope). Question #1 isn't really relevant for serious projects. It's not that big corporations and job security are inherently bad... it's that they're bad if you are young and ambitious . Which is perfectly true. I just hired a talented, ambitious 18 year old graphic designer as my first employee. I've known her for several years as a close friend of my daughter (me, I'm old enough to have 19 year old children), and I thought of her because I felt she has what it takes to be not just a good graphic designer, but a good startup employee. And with her freshly out of school and in no financial position to go to college, she sees the opportunity. Even if the startup fails, she can probably eke a couple of years of professional experience and a reference out of the deal - enough to get her on the path to a nice career. And if the startup succeeds, she has the career and could make enough in options to pay for art school. Because she's smart and ambitious, she sees the logic of the situation. I have no doubt I'll get great work from her. Sure, ambition can be a poison that kills your soul. But without ambition, were you alive to be poisoned in the first place? One thing mainstream jobs have in common with cool startup work... the schleps. Any interesting work involves schleps, for sufficiently loose values of "any". And the schlep is no fun. That's what makes it a schlep. Now think about all the jobs that are all schlep, all the time, with no intellectual or moral reward (and usually little fiscal reward). Of course the people doing that are going to think it sucks - it does suck! "Future career prospects"... well, that depends. What does he want that future career to be? More work as a peon in other giant corporations, climbing the ladder to middle management? That sort of thing can lead to looking back twenty years, thinking, "Why on Earth did I waste all that time?" Believe me, I know. I often quote Mr. Morden from Babylon 5 , asking "What do you want?" Most people don't have the nerve to even look what they want in the eye. When I hired my 18 year old designer, we talked salary come funding time (she's not getting a salary now, just token $$ I toss her way to keep her from getting a grocery store job). Even underpaying her relative to the entry level designer market, she'll be making more than her mother does. Which sounds exactly like a startup employee to me. You forgot to mention the part where she could earn enough in equity to pay for private art school without working. I've shown her exactly what "entry level graphic designer salary" is on the 'net. Moreover, she's been told that if she isn't delivering 100%, I'll let her go, because the company needs that full-tilt startup delivery. She knows what she's getting into. She's actually thrilled with it - she instinctively understands the value of giving 100% as a measure of self-worth. Keep in mind she has no education beyond high school, no professional experience, and some pretty serious holes in her skill set. She's simply not equipped to land a $50k job on her own right now, even if that is "entry level". Her choice is between taking this, or bagging groceries, or taking tens of thousands in loans to go to college (which may or may not get her a job after). And when her skills are rounded out and the money is there, I'll pay her going rate, and gladly. Moreover, she's not just my employee - she's my friend, and my daughter's friend. I'm not hiring her because she's cheap. I'm hiring her because I have faith in her talent, her drive, and her taste. I'd rather take her on and spend a few months polishing her skills than take my chances with a "better" employee whose taste I don't yet trust. So yeah, far from exploiting her, I'm trying to groom and mentor her to build the kind of career I believe she should have. Do it in one line? Javascript callback functions don't count as "one line". :) The money isn't there . This is an unfunded, bootstrapped startup right now. I'm paying her out of my pocket from the day job I keep to get us far enough to get funding. She can participate for equity now, or wait until I have money for a salary. By "take advantage", you mean offering her a direct path into her intended career. As for how much I'm planning to pay her when we can get funded: I was planning on $30k salary. Per indeed.com, "entry level graphic designer minneapolis" is $31k. At the national level, that number can go as high as $50k, but frankly, she doesn't have the skills (yet) to get a $50k job. After a couple of years, she will. Because if Microsoft is good at anything, it's creating new problems for their users. :) I thought it was brilliant myself. Yeah, the comments have been very frustrating, but comments on HN obviously are. No different than Slashdot used to be back in the day, or anywhere else cool on the 'net. Here's my favorite quote from the post: No matter what you choose, build stuff and be around smart people. “Stuff” can be a lot of different things—open source projects outside of class, a startup, a new sales process at a company you work at—but, obviously, sitting around talking with your friends about how you guys really should build a website together does not count. Doing real work with smart people (preferably smarter than you, preferably much smarter than you) is what matters. It's what makes you a better person. Doesn't matter if it pays well, or if it's secure. Ambition isn't a purely financial thing. It's "I want to be a better person, and I'm willing to work for it", and a clear concept of what "better" is. Better can be rich, or powerful, or creative, or famous, or happy. It could just be creating a family. But wandering aimlessly and letting fear drive you to the nearest safe-looking hole... that's not ambition. In all the debate this comment spawned, I think people need to realize that we need some language to clearly distinguish between big business, small business, and what I'll call "startups" here. I think "entrepreneur" is a good word to cover small business, including that local pub or barbershop. Such businesses have linear growth and a low ceiling. Software startups can have exponential growth and a ceiling orders of magnitude higher. An entrepreneurial small business could be very successful at a million dollars of revenue. An equivalent level of success in startups is a billion dollars. So "startup" as a subset of "entrepreneur" seems like good language to me. The difference is the opportunity for exponential growth. Ugh. I remember what it was like the first time the 2000-era dotcom I was at missed payroll. A co-worker and I had taken the day off to take our kids to the state fair, and found our money wasn't where we thought it would be. They announced the payroll shortfall the day it happened, in company email we didn't read because we were off that day. Kinda sucked. Ten years at the same company sounds like a nightmare to many of us. I don't ever want to do that again (I hit nine years once), and I don't ever want to inflict that on people I like. I'll happily take that $12k over the usual $1k, however. That's exactly right. "Good" and "bad" are objective, for sufficiently loose definitions of "objective" (go away, Kant). "Like" and "dislike", are subjective, matters of personal taste. Not only can you dislike something that's "good", you can like something that's "bad". This is what's meant by good taste. If you develop your taste in a particular subject, you can easily make the good/bad objective distinction, without letting like/dislike mislead you. Oh, very handy! Great compromise for spike work - real REST, but lightweight. Are there any commercial competitors for this? I don't get the can't sleep/eat thing. But I do the intensity because without it, the company won't take off and there won't ever be a product to sell. Slavery to my own business is the price I pay for freedom, right? I noticed that too. It looks like MS is taking advantage of their global reach to get the benefits of accelerators to places that the mainstream "startup" community isn't going. It's their chance to be firstest with the mostest, when they're coming into this venture accelerator thingy late in the game. I wonder more what the self-selection for people who are willing to fill them out does to the results. Is it really accurate if you get, say, a 1% completion rate? Do those 1% represent the actual users? If something sufficiently awful happens to you, everything you eat can and will taste like cardboard. Experience is an excellent cure for perfectionism. The beauty of the financial sector, #1 - there's a revenue stream already. You just need to skim a little of it. That's really how virtually all get-rich-big systems work. Beauty #2 - The scale of existing financial organizations makes them particularly slow and resistant to change. Lots of opportunity for disruption, if you can avoid getting squashed. Beauty #3 - The sudden reach of mobile devices puts a lot of computing and network power into easy reach of startups. Between these three things, it is any surprise that the sector is booming? I was thinking that all of these new financial disruptions will lead to a boom in smaller, relatively safer startups as well. Some friends of mine are creating a wonderful little startup in the shadow of Square, solving serious business problems for small, mobile vendors (like artists and flea markets) that didn't really exist before mobile credit card processing - or at least, couldn't be solved before that tech existed. I imagine the new technologies will lead to lots of new niche markets appearing. Yeah. It read like our beloved pg dumbed down to a Forbes puff piece level. Which kind of puts it at the business nerd equivalent of celebrity gossip for those not seriously interested in VC and startups. Such things can be a little painful to read if you're a startup nerd rather than a mainstream business nerd - not because it's wrong, but because it's shallow to us. I wonder what impact it'll really have, though? Most people aren't in any position to ever deal with VC from either end, except at a far distance. And the VCs and startups are plenty aware of the situation already. If he's really refusing to barter, he must not want Snowden back that much. More likely, this is Obama's equivalent of Reagan's "We do not negotiate with terrorists"... just a lie for the cameras. Indeed. Obama can play the diplomatic equivalent of "We do not negotiate with terrorists" (like "We do not negotiate with allies", I guess), as a machismo stance while Snowden conveniently walks free until he's forgotten by the mainstream American media and stops being a political problem. The problem with this approach is that it doesn't buy Obama much with the people he's disappointed on this issue. But it does get the matter out of the public eye and prevent additional embarrassment. And if they wanted to make an example of Snowden, the last place they want him is in an American court of law, with cameras and stuff. Gitmo or some other extra-legal incarceration isn't much better, if it's public. The best example would be for him to be disappeared. Let his encrypted secrets come to light, so it's obvious that he's either dead or getting tortured somewhere, and that the American government simply doesn't care about diplomatic niceties when it comes to silencing whistleblowers. That would be a lesson to the wary. I worry about this a little, not because I think pg is wrong, but because what he's saying is what I as an early-stage founder really want to hear. Anytime someone is saying something I really want to hear, I turn on the extra radar, to make sure I'm not wishful-thinking. Another little concern I have, and not touched on in the essay... will M&A activity keep up with the increase in the number of startups? The trend toward acqui-hires is distressing. The practical definition is buying out a startup for their staff, not their product. IPO is not the primary outlet for software startups. Most successful exits are from acquisition by larger companies. So while pg clearly illustrates a situation in which founders are gaining power over investors, I think we're looking at another, worrisome situation where potential buyers have more power over startups. Competition will be up, and prices will be down. Worse, handing more power to the relatively slow, cautious big corporations will encourage their already bad habits of dithering. Assuming it's legit, it seems more an opportunity for angel investing than VC. Any company ready for real VC money should have better connections and personal introductions, or the poster should know about them and be going to them. I suppose it would work for angels, but I don't see how this approach beats the rich systems that AngelList or Gust offer. On the other hand, low-margin businesses are often low-risk, stable businesses. A grocery store has crappy margins, but excellent stability. Indeed. I'm not going to pitch randomly to a secretive stranger in hopes of getting quick money. I want to know who I'm dealing with, and why I should deal with them, before I even start. VC may not be the best route for this particular investor, anyway. If s/he wants to play around in the dirt with early stage startups, angel investing would be considerably more rewarding, I'd think. The basic American cultural value is equality of opportunity, not equality of outcome, or predestination by social class. At least in theory, the American Dream means your success is the result of hard work and talent, not your birth or social class. And to a fair extent, this works - our current president is the mixed-race child of a teenage single mother, who grew up in obscurity and near-poverty. Barack Obama is the embodiment of the American Dream. Many of our political, business, and cultural leaders are entirely self-made. So the modern failures of American society are the failures to provide equality of opportunity. Three stand out in particular for me - substandard primary education, crushing debt for secondary education, and a health care system that traps people into working for large corporations rather than small businesses or entrepreneurship. Assuming, of course, that "entrepreneurs" are a: male, b: heterosexual, and c: unmarried. Surely, any decent programmer knows the difference between "majority" and "all", and the algorithmic failures that occur when you mistake one for the other. What a business plan! Create a social startup, sell it for a bazillion dollars, wait til the new owners wreck it, buy it back for a song. Wish I'd thought of it! Seriously, though, since they have a proven system that was pretty popular, a little tweaking and a good marketing plan (perhaps one that exploits the sell-your-life-to-NSA issues of other networks), and I could see it come roaring back to life. My challenge isn't finding a girlfriend... it's that I've been married for 20 years. I have to ease my spouse into the career change, without upsetting her more than necessary. That means I can't be careless. I'm selling to her as much as to investors or to customers. This is the kind of difficult dance that happens with long-term relationships. On one hand, if I was given a choice between her and the company, I'd choose her, in a heartbeat. On the other hand, if she made me choose, it would probably ruin our marriage. She sees this is something I must do, so she lets me do it and supports me as much as she can. I am obligated to be as respectful of her concerns as I can be. I wouldn't be so polite as to call it "unfortunate". It's lazy, and it's careless in the kind of way that leads to serious error. As I pointed out, lots of entrepreneurs (including me) are in committed relationships when the urge to create a new business strikes, and face entirely different challenges. That goes beyond the heteronormative, patriarchal language failures and into a general failure to understand real people. To be sure, it's an imperfect correlation - mostly in that those who start on second or third base have a much better chance at a home run. But the point is that anyone can, in theory, hit a home run. In most historic cultures, that was not true. To put it in presidential terms, someone like George W Bush becoming president isn't outrageous - he started on third base. But for someone like Barack Obama to become the most politically powerful figure would require an actual revolution in most historical situations. Could still happen in the future. Certainly, last-mile delivery is an expensive pain point for USPS. But cutting that deal is going to be high-risk and expensive. Conceptually, it's good. But in practice, it's just an analogy. Immutability in programming languages is enforced at compile time and run time. Something like: val x = 1; x = 2; is an actual error and the compiler/runtime will give a "you can't do that". Immutable infrastructure, on the other hand, would require read-only enforcement on all aspects of configuration. It can be done, but not easily, and someone always has root. So what you're really talking about is the ability to reconstruct an environment programatically from scratch, with no manual intervention, which is laudable but not exactly immutable. This is the sort of thing that makes me appreciate the 12 Factor App idea ( http://www.12factor.net ). Rather than trying to make configuration immutable, make it impossible. Don't rely on the existence/continuity of a filesystem at all. Don't use configuration files. I love that article. Now I use the term "snowflake server" all the time as a blunt criticism, and I find it's really sinking in on the management and ops people who hear it. Great analogy. It's pretty close. I think that's fundamentally different. Breaking immutability in a language by stepping outside the language is still programmatic. Breaking it via administration is a human decision. In programming, it's a conscious decision to break immutability (assuming a language that supports it). It administration, it's a conscious decision to enforce it. Anyone willing to put in the work to create a serious clone product and talented enough to succeed at it probably has ideas of their own they'd want to implement instead. I love that it's a live wireframe. Really looking forward to trying this! Yeah, I suppose this analogy is much more like const-correctness in C than it is like a truly immutable variable. I read this some time ago, and quote it here often (earlier today, in fact). I don't 100% agree with it, but every point deserves careful consideration. A nit with this... by "ideas", I think they mean "details". The big, sweeping ideas need to be strong and defended against a market that Just Doesn't Get It right away. There's something to the point a friend once made, that 100 years ago, customers would be asking for better buggy whips. Wow, that's a lot of different directions all in one discussion! Anyway, it seems to me that DevOps is more about management than technique. It starts with management giving permission and direction for development and operations teams to work closely together. Once the wall comes down, then technical improvements can be made. But first and foremost, it requires direct management support, particularly in large, complex organizations where development and operations are separated by several layers of management. That gets to where I said management needs to give not only permission, but direction. Most developers have no clue about operational needs, and don't really want one, and they can be very resistance. And vice versa for ops staff. So it's not enough for management to just get out of the way - there will be some pushing to do, and lots of Corncob antipattern issues. I've spent most of my career as what a colleague called a "one man devops team", basically serving as a sympathetic liaison to both sides. The root cause of the problem is organizational walls between dev and ops, but the industry-wide result is a sort of mutual distrust and even contempt. Have you read "What Every Angel Investor Wants You to Know", by Brian Cohen and John Kador? Great book. It should give you a lot more insight into funding than just getting numbers from HN. Basically, respectable angels don't want to control your company, so they aren't going to take too large a percentage - 25% or less. They want to invest in you, not own you. From there, figure out how much you think you're going to need for 12-18 months runway, and you can compute the pre-money valuation you'll need as 3-5x that. Then you convince angels to give you the amount you need at the valuation you want (and they want you to have). If you don't have enough product or enough potential or enough hope to justify the valuation, they can just go to one of the other hundred startups clamoring for their money. So don't worry about valuations or what others have done. Worry about how you're going to impress the hell out of the angels so they can't wait to invest in you. If you can wow them, you'll get what you need. If you can't, they'll pass you over. Simple as that. I can see a great idea in there (I agree, turning long D3 chains into Coffeescript is a pain), but that documentation page is really hard to read, and has a lot of typos. What about those of us who aren't "trust fund kids"? I'm not VC-funded, either (hopefully I can avoid that entirely, but at the moment I've barely started working on angel funding). I was born into a poor family, with no connections to speak of. I simply did not know anyone who was wealthy or successful when I was a kid. I've made a comfortable middle-class life for myself through lots of hard work. Starting a software company is something I'm doing because I see a valuable problem to solve, and something I believe I can do because I'm smart and determined - not because I was born into privilege. Reminds me of something I learned from doing art. I've often said, "People think I'm a great photographer. Really, I'm a great editor." I only allow the world to see 2-3% of my output. Working with less experienced subjects, they'd often want several versions of the same basic shot, because I took several good ones. Me, I only want the best version to see the light of day. Following on my own comment, I see this as meaning don't include any feature that doesn't directly contribute to the wholeness of the product. Reminds of a joke about a mechanic who charged $500 for hitting something with a hammer. When the customer grumbled, he said he wasn't charging $500 for the blow, but rather for knowing where to hit it. This article is UK-specific, but I'm personally concerned about the same problem in the US. There's a limit to how many great startups can be built if they are dependent on M&A for exits/liquidity events, and the larger companies don't start buying more startups. Also, competition on the M&A end will lead to lower exit pricing, which will eventually impact valuation and early stage investment. The improvements in early stage investment in recent years may just wind up throwing other parts of the system out of balance. To be fair, most of the middle class didn't enter the bubble housing market looking for "fast cash". They were looking for a place to live. Being middle class generally means only owning one house. Consider the Big Ball of Mud: http://www.laputan.org/mud/ This can be either a pattern or an antipattern, depending on your perspective. I tend to think of it as an antipattern. Rewrites are often driven by difficulty in refactoring more than fundamental flaws, but the refactoring problems are caused by coupling between layers/systems. The problem with rewriting to avoid a refactoring is that you're most likely going to wind up with a shiny new Ball of Mud. When the oil runs out, so they no longer have influence over the rest of the world, and the rest of the world has no interest in them. Afghanistan may not directly have oil, but it plays into other things. It's a symbolic point for both the Muslim world and the outside world. Militancy is funded by Saudi oil money. Invasions are funded by the US (and previously, by the Soviets). Pouring billions of dollars of outside money into resource/cultural wars in otherwise poor and isolated nations turns them into nightmares. Afghanistan is just another tumor in this cancer. It was also a buffer between the USSR and the Iranian revolution. The US got involved because it could inexpensively play the freedom card (with someone else's blood) against both communism and Islamic fundamentalism. In many cases, "work harder" happens because you're too busy to "work smarter". The boss expects 60 hour workweeks for months on end to keep up with a time-wasting process that could be automated if they'd give you a week to do it. But you can't take a week to automate it, because you're too busy doing it. And this is what I hate about corporate work. As a photographer with a couple of terabytes of old raws (I back up to Time Machine locally, and offsite at a friend's house occasionally), I'm very curious as to what Adobe will offer in this regard with LR5. Offsite backup, man. What if you're running a business? Do you want every scrap of data your business runs on in the same building? What if it burns down? It's all about the importance you place on the data, and your level of technical skill. I think this is great news for startups - it'll link two of our best resources more tightly. On the other hand, I hope Gust continues to be independent! As I often say, a mixed metaphor is worth two in the bush. Seriously, though, as I keep watching the startup community, what I want to tell every wannabe technical founder is to find a business partner . There are a zillion businesspeople out there with real, valuable problems who lack the technical skill to implement their solution. Those have a far better chance of success than cobbling together something from the set of problems visible to a 22 year old CS student. Get a job. Any job. Realize that job sucks. Figure out why. Get another job. Repeat the process. I'm 48, and I haven't encountered ageism yet. I haven't seen it, among good technical people. The hard part is that by the time you're in your late 40s, you've probably peaked out on advancement. Even if you go into management (which isn't really "advancement"), you're just going to ceiling out there instead. That's exactly where I'm at. Building a startup from 20 years of accumulated experience in enterprise. I see a massive pain point and no tool that really addresses it - just a bunch of hacks and workarounds that everyone uses. I like a lot of things about enterprise development, but I dislike a bunch of things, too. If this all works, I get to create a startup environment and total control (much more pleasant working conditions) and the potential for more substantial reward, but I can keep working on problems I like to work on. That's the route of a lot of good people. I know so many great consultants in their 40s-50s, with superb skills and rich backgrounds. If you work relentlessly to completion, count your blessings (assuming you're actually achieving completion, not just stuck in recursive perfectionism). The problem most creatives I know encounter is not completing things, because they chase the shiny new ideas that come to them constantly. The flip side of severance is the two week notice. Quitting is often the moral equivalent of "firing your employer". Giving another two weeks to an employer who drives you out the door with their own poor performance is frustrating, but again necessary for your reputation. Your goals are a mess. You know what you don't want to do (whatever it is you're doing), and you want to be "very wealthy". That's probably not what you really want. Wealth, by itself, doesn't mean much. Wealth can buy other, meaningful things, and it can serve as proof of accomplishment, but it's not an end in itself - only a means to an end. Why do you dream of being very wealthy? Have you ever been very poor? Have you felt trapped? Why do you want to leave engineering? What don't you like about it? Is it the work that makes you unhappy? As Mr Morden asked in Babylon 5 , "What do you want?" Figure out what you really want. You have some money. Quit working on anything for a while. Go sit on a beach and stare at the sunset for a few months. Walk to Peru. Read War and Peace . Get your mind in order, and figure out what you want, rather than just what you don't want, and means-to-undefined end fantasies. I think technically, it's a worm, not a virus. :) I'm currently putting together MVPs of the difficult UI aspects of my system, because those are the parts I'm worried about. The back end is actually pretty straightforward. The UI stuff is the stuff I want to get in front of users for review. After that, I need to do some technical MVP for proof of concept, to prove to myself that my assumptions about certain data patterns are actually correct. The important thing, though, is to get to where I have working code I can show others to get feedback, even if that code isn't anywhere near complete as a marketable product. As someone born in the bottom fifth who worked up into the top fifth, a big part of it is actively escaping childhood culture and that culture's expectations. When I grew up, I didn't know anyone wealthy or successful - I met them when I was an adult. Good role models are critical for kids' sense of scope and possibility. Then again, as a political liberal, I tend to say an un-liberal thing when talking about income distribution... income isn't distributed evenly, but neither is talent. Mediocre people don't advance society. They tend to stay where they started (which explains a lot of management mediocrity - some are born into positions of privilege, but lack the talent to do anything with it but maintain the status quo). The way to maximize success for society as a whole is to maximize the opportunity of its most talented members, by eliminating cultural and social barriers to success. Makes me think of another useful piece of advice... marry well . I married into upper middle class as well, and my wife has different and useful values. But yes, the short-term thinking and resentment of education among the poor is kind of amazing and appalling. My father, an extremely intelligent and charismatic man, called them "educated mow-rons" (you really need to capture that exaggerated accent). He worked for rich men, but had nothing but contempt for them. If he had applied himself productively, he could have been very successful and wealthy. Instead, his life was a total failure due to shortsighted and self-destructive behavior. If there's one thing I learned from watching him, it's the difference between working hard and working smart. Now, I see my sister choosing to live in the redneck boondocks, constantly ground down by poverty and bad decisions. She's also very bright and could have been successful in another context, but she likes her country living. Unfortunately, she's surrounded by idiots. Everyone with that critical combination of talent and ambition simply leaves rural America and goes somewhere that they have a chance. Recently, she tried to talk me into investing in a business idea she had - something that, done right, could turn into a comfortable living. But instead, she and her (even brighter) daughter polished up a bunch of wishful-thinking hyperoptimized numbers to convince themselves they could make six figures at what I think is a $30k business, devised a terrible plan to get there, and then got all butt-hurt whenever my other sister and me tried to make it realistic. And of course, she resents me for not tossing her $10k to squander. Such is the life of poverty - even otherwise intelligent people get into a cycle of terrible decisions. I think you'd see the same distribution in the North, though. Reminds me of a joke about the difference between white Southerners and white Northerners... the southerners don't care if blacks are around, so long as they aren't uppity. Northerners don't care if they're uppity, as long as they're not around. I think you misunderstand me. "class divisions, racism, sexism, etc" are impediments to talent. I firmly believe that talent and ambition are distributed evenly across humans, regardless of gender/race/class/etc, and I presume you do as well. "Advancement for some" as a function of talent is, in my opinion, society-wide advancement, because mediocre people aren't going to advance society, period. "Advancement for some" as a function of gender/race/class is an impediment to society, because the talents of those it excludes are squandered (or worse, turned to destructive paths). To be sure, I'm being elitist here, and I don't deny that. But I think the empirical evidence is on my side. Show me a social revolution led by average minds, and I might rethink. More likely, I'll point out the brilliant minds that led the average. The war on drugs is "obsolete" (or some other variant of fail) only insofar as we assume that the purpose of the war on drugs is to reduce or eliminate drug use. But if you put its purpose into indirect terms - enforcing class distinctions, providing minor harassment charges to apply to social undesirables, encouraging the militarization of police forces, providing a funding firehose for certain government agencies, and making a convenient and simplistic boogieman for cheap politicians - it's a spectacular success. A UI is the M in the MVP. The back end would be a fair bit of work for nothing very exotic. I can test certain assumptions about the front end using public data without all that effort. Technically, it's probably a demo, not a true MVP, but it should tell me a lot about what works and what doesn't, and it shouldn't be too hard to expand into a true MVP afterward. Or the appearance of scope. An $80M yacht sounds impressive, but widespread hacking of a million $80 phones would be far more potentially awful. It's not about being motivated. It's about working when the work itself isn't intrinsically motivating. I think that's what pg calls the schlep. I deal with schleps by making them a part of larger, non-schlep goals. And if the schlep is really resistant to attitude adjustment, I'll wrap the larger goal in a more formalized project plan, so I can clearly see the schlep's role in the more valuable/interesting/motivating work. "Considered harmful" consider harmful, then? Elsewhere on his blog, he mentions that he has very poor eyesight. He probably designed it for himself. "Error establishing a database connection". Bigger servers are always better. Oh, absolutely. I measure virtually everything I do in my life in terms of the opportunity cost of other things I won't get to do. And the more interesting my life and work gets, the more people want from me. Before I started working on my startup, I had a solid reputation as a photographer in the local burlesque community. I quit photography almost entirely in order to focus on my company, much to the disappointment of many performers. But that no is buying me so much time! Two months? Just wait. I'm 9 months in solo, and day-jobbing to pay for the bootstrap. It's incredibly exhausting. If I could find a co-founder or two, I'd be thrilled. But finding someone really worth their weight hasn't happened yet. And I'm not going to just sit there and ignore this opportunity just because I can't find someone to hold my hand while I'm doing it. I'm going to get it out the door, even if I have to do every little thing myself. Having a co-founder is great. But not having one is no excuse to not work. I dunno. I'm very much a people person, but I'm going as a solo founder because I haven't found the right partner. My biggest problem isn't skills (I can both hustle and hack), it's bandwidth. What I'm learning as an early stage solo founder... 1. Not having co-founders is no excuse to not work. I want to turn this idea in my head into a working product. Saying you can't do it because you don't have a co-founder is an excuse, not a reason. It's not impossible, merely harder. 2. The critical problem is bandwidth. I'm day-jobbing to make ends meet, which bites even more into my time. My primary challenge now is finding a way to go full time, either with funding or with a revenue-generating subset of the functionality. 3. I'm the visionary. If I can find a technical co-founder to take over the coding work, great - better, even, because coding is bad for my big-picture focus. But ultimately, it's my product and my vision. If I find "co-founders" at this point, it will likely be just a label to make investors happy. In practice, they will be early employees. 4. Team-building, on the other hand, is going well. I'm a social person, an extrovert, and I can generate a pretty decent reality distortion field. I've been able to get help so far as I've needed it, and I think this will continue. Part of this comes from not asking too much of people, which is what the usual co-founder issue seems to be. I've seriously offered co-founder positions to two people. One is actively involved, but not as a co-founder. He's my patent/IP lawyer, and an old friend I studied CS with in college. He doesn't want to be fully involved in a startup for a variety of good reasons, but he's willing to take equity for a little private practice work. The other is a former co-worker who would be my easy first choice for CTO. He's considering it, but hasn't decided yet and I'm not rushing him. He has good reasons to hesitate (like baby #5 on the way). I've also done some "matchmaking" through networking and introductions, but I haven't yet met anyone else I'm willing to trust with it, or whom is ready to go for it (there have been several candidates). So I'm not in a rush to find a co-founder, and not making it my first priority. If it happens, it happens. I think I'm a visionary technical person. The problem I'm addressing is based on two decades of experience in enterprise configuration management - solving the forest/trees problem of seeing small technical changes in the context of bigger business changes, and/or drilling down from the big business tasks to the technical details that implement them. It's a boundary-crossing technical issue that's near and dear to my heart. A good CTO could devise their own implementation path rather than following mine, but that's not really "vision". That's about how it works, not why it needs to exist. I can do the "how" myself, but I don't think it's a good use of my time and focus. Thanks for that link. Totally grok what he's saying. One thing I've realized is that, when pitching, I have to pitch me rather than pitching a team. Or more to the point, pitching that a: I have a real solution for a real problem for real customers (enterprise change management ain't the same as monetizing pictures of cats on the internet), and b: I'm capable of creating a company and building a team to bring this vision to life. $5000/mo won't pay salary for one mid-grade programmer in flyover country. The important thing isn't the current value, it's the rate of growth (and the increase in the rate of growth). So a question... how do you balance confidence from a well-understood solution to a well-understood problem in a well-understood market, with the kind of blue-sky dreaming that seems to excite investors? Crossing into that blue-sky world starts smelling like BS to me, but when I say "We could realistically get a $100M chunk of an existing multi-billion market", it doesn't seem ambitious enough? Believe me, I know. I've lived in flyover country my entire life (central Illinois, Iowa, and now Minnesota). Question 1... how do you feel about the "valley of death" pricing-wise? As a startup targeting enterprise, one of the things I am hoping for marketing-wise is to price under the departmental budget line, so individual managers can buy for their own needs without setting off defensive alarms. And the product scales outward, so I can start with one department as evangelists, and then rake in more money and bigger contracts as the product spreads. But when I think of, say, $5000/year revenues, if it's too high, I have to fight the corporate financial immune system. But if it's too low, I'm leaving money on the table when there's a ceiling on how many customers can ultimately be acquired. Question 2 - How much resistance do you find to SaaS in the enterprise? SaaS reduces the support cost immensely, but a lot of businesses don't seem to trust SaaS. Which leads to a problem pg has pointed out elsewhere... VCs dragging their feet on potential investments, waiting for more data. This steals bandwidth from the founders that could be used to build the company. Thanks - that's a very useful answer. So what do you have to work through in order to get a product in the enterprise door? Especially from a startup? For a startup providing analysis and visualization for enterprise software development, on what do you think that company should invest early sales efforts in order to turn leads into actual sales? My intent is to show turn cut costs into opportunity costs. If I can improve the efficiency of critical lead engineers by 5%, it's not that I'm saving 5% cost... it's that their effort could be going to positive work that generates more revenue. Oh, that's excellent. Thank you! I'm definitely aiming for a New Enterprise model... partly because it's easier for a small startup, and partly because, as someone who has long worked in the target market, I've greatly appreciated the high quality products that do well in New Enterprise (Atlassian is something of a role model for me sales-wise), and had some truly horrible experiences with awful Old Enterprise products imposed on technical staff by management. I have a different problem than PII... my product will contain detailed configuration information about the customer's entire system. That makes it security-sensitive. Data will be encrypted at all times, but there's a psychological problem of having configuration information in a SaaS system at all. It's already in the business plan, albeit in a vague way. One of the big advantages of SaaS is that I can practice Continuous Delivery and be constantly improving the product while I sell it. Besides PITA customers (a problem that can be mitigated with an install process that Does Not Suck), there's a problem of supporting increasingly obsolete versions in the field. I've started using Foundation, and like it so far. It's less prescriptive visually than Bootstrap. "Clarity" is not a substitute for comments. The only thing I've seen that really substitutes for comments is a rich, easy to understand unit test suite. But even that is problematic, as it usually covers a lot of edge and corner case situations that aren't relevant to the end user. "Need".. Consider "must" versus "should". Must? No. Should? Probably. For extra credit, consider "can't" versus "won't", and cases in which "can't" is used to mean "won't". Buy a domain, for sure. You don't want to make your credibility vulnerable to the fate of your underlying platform, whether that's to go under, or just to become uncool. For my own work, there's an explicit distinction between customer and user. Design the software for the user, design the marketing for the customer. For a more radical perspective, consider the old saw "You aren't [Google|Facebook|Yahoo]'s customer, you're their product." The customer is the one who pays for the service in cash. Thanks for sharing this with all of us outside the YC world! I've really appreciated the shower of wisdom in your recent burst of essays, and I'm sure others appreciate it too. VCs are a small world. And VCs need each other more than they need you (as an individual startup). Most entrepreneurs will climb that VC hill once or twice, ever. But VCs will partner together on deals for years, decades. So if your negotiations really have you pitting one VC against another, it's likely that you will lose, not them. After all, there are always other startups. What about the personal cost of platform switching? I went to the iPhone when version 2 hit the market and it was clearly going to survive as a product. I hate switching technologies, with all the cost and frustration it involves. I've been able to have a single, constantly evolving configuration through four different phones now (five soon, once I can jump from my 4S to a 5S). It's always backed up. It's survived the physical destruction of a phone. It does everything I require of it, most of that very well. So to get a user like me to switch platforms - it's a huge personal expense, not just of money, but of time and intellectual bandwidth. I don't need a device that's just arguably better, or a little better... I'd need a game-changer of a device to switch, something that does basically everything I do on my iPhone more efficiently, faster, better, cheaper. I don't see that. I'll probably stay on iPhone unless Apple really screws up. We all struggle with this problem, to a greater or lesser degree. One solution is to keep your work in manageable chunks. Another is to develop a habit of completion. Another is using a task management system religiously. Another is to have structure imposed on you externally (the day job is a classic way to do that). I often say "Finished is better than perfect, always." It's a reminder to me as well as to the people I try to help with it. One of the biggest struggles is with multitasking. Don't do that, if you can avoid it. Work on one thing at a time. The Pomodoro technique helps in keeping focus, I think. It's a pattern in a lot of startups. At least in this case, it's led to a product that sells. I've seen too many startups where the intended product is a startup . This leads to timid, me-too ideas that will never go anywhere. Starting from a point of deep domain expertise helps insure that you're addressing a real pain point in an effective way. "Cheap" shouldn't be your first thought. "Effective" matters more. Can you get the layout you want? Will you have to deal with embedded ads? Are you vulnerable to the vagaries of someone else's failure? Wordpress is very popular, of course. Pay for a hosted solution somewhere (Dreamhost is like ten bucks a month), and use the standard. Personally, I'm moving over to WebPop ( http://www.webpop.com ). It's a little more expensive, but it breaks out of the Wordpress paradigm, it's based on Foundation so it has all the modern responsive stuff without looking like Bootstrap, it provides total control over your code, and it has a clean separation of structure and content. Also, they're hosting on Rackspace and boosting with Akamai, so it should be robust against traffic spikes. Being prolific isn't primarily about things you're working on. It's about things you finish . Creative people always have a temptation to flit around from one idea to the next, and the shiny can take us off task so older ideas never come to fruition. Everything looks easy, until you try to do it yourself. That was my first thought, too. Physical hardware == more staff. Also consider the risk management of keeping your security up to date, and the opportunity costs of making it easy to use for developers. Spend some time in old-school enterprise, and you'll see just how much pain and grief can happen. Remember, Amazon built its cloud not for the public, but for itself! The cloud gave them a clean separation of duties and cost management between application development and operations. That sort of thing can save large amounts of money and bureaucratic headache. They started selling AWS to the public only after they had a stable system that could produce excess capacity, which could then be resold. But once you have a legacy system, getting the modern tools in there can be a real pain. Instant snowflake, just add expensive and archaic enterprise middleware. "Rest, rest, perturbed spirit!" -Hamlet, Act I, Scene V The Twelve Factor App turned my head upside down. I'm day-jobbing in the enterprise J2EE world, and it drove me to the conclusion that the industry does enterprise all wrong . Integration and configuration management are generally nightmares with these big enterprise systems. With Twelve Factor, the chances for variation between developer desktops, testing environments, and production are greatly reduced. What do you mean by "users"? A business has to have customers, at least in the long run. Those customers may or may not be the people who actually use the products (Google/Facebook/Yahoo/etc - you're not the customer, you're the product). But whether you're making tires or milk or websites or religious experiences or whatever, you have a product, and someone is using it. Writing clearly and precisely in English. Managing conflicts and expectations. Business and financial matters. If you can't express yourself clearly to your peers and managers, you won't control your career. If you can't work well with people, you won't control your career. If you don't understand the business context of your work, you won't control your career. Oh, and don't think you are the smartest person in the room. If you find you're the smartest person in the room for real, you need to get a better job. This is my favorite political essay, ever. I've been a fan of it for ages, and re-read it often. Sure, it's not completely rational, but it raises the bar . If you can't answer the questions Bob Black raises, you really haven't thought through your beliefs well enough. SEO? Marketing? Meetings? Customer interviews? Coding beyond a "functioning MVP" into something robust and thoroughly tested? Marketing is a broad thing - advertising is a small and limited part, especially for a cash-strapped startup. But getting people aware and interested matters. What have you done today to make more people aware of your product, or improve how you explain it to them in order to increase interest and conversion rates? If you have some spare time, it might be good to do some reading on the business/marketing side of things. Have you read The Lean Startup ? Or How to Win Friends and Influence People ? Drop an email to the address in my profile. I can probably write up a laundry list of things for you to work on tonight. Funny, when I saw the title, that was my first thought. But the deeper, better first question is "What are you working on?" Give them a chance to make their elevator pitch, then start asking questions. There's a good chance the "How can I help you?" can turn into "I think I could help you with ${PROBLEM}..." But to get there, you need to figure out what their pain points are, and what you can actually do about them. This is no different than figuring out your own customers, really. And the step beyond this is to actually do something that really helps them . Because if you can truly help someone, you'll make a lasting impression, something that they will want to pay back, with interest. And keep in mind that simply asking them what they're working on is a favor, at the bootstrapping level. It gives them a chance to make (and refine) their pitch, and talk about the thing they really, really love. dave@baqbeat.com It's certainly a useful question. But a more focused offer of help on a specific issue seems to be a more useful approach, one that moves the conversation forward rather than stopping it in its tracks. If someone asked me that question cold when I first met them, I'd probably blink, and then ask if they have about $500,000 they'd like to invest for a seed round. Then I'd go right into my elevator pitch and see if I could get a genuinely useful level of interest and potential help. Here's what's bugging me about this approach, I think... it's about initiative (in the gaming sense, not the motivation sense) and control over the conversation. A straight-up "How can I help you?" from a stranger, without context, throws the conversational balance off severely. My first thought would be either "Yeah, right", or "What's the catch?" I certainly don't give open-ended help to people, and I don't expect them to do it for me. Heck, I don't give my wife or children open-ended help! Generosity and paying forward are virtues, but failure to establish boundaries is not. Keep the end goal in mind - a mutually beneficial business exchange, and the groundwork for future exchanges. Questions are just a means to this end. Laying groundwork is a matter of learning trust, boundaries, and capabilities. When seeking help, we should try to understand what someone can do for us, what they will do for us, how likely they are to do it, and what their expectations are in return. So the conversation should be about groundwork. Co-found with a division of ownership on a vesting schedule. That way, if either of you bails, the other isn't stuck with a non-productive co-founder making money off your work. And make sure both sides are bringing plenty to the table. The business/tech co-founding team is a great model (beats the heck out of most tech-led startups), but it should be fair. Look at it this way... if you're willing to work on these terms with this business founder, could you work on the same terms with a different partner for better financial terms or chance of success? So you're going after an existing market with existing products, trying to "beat them on price and style". That won't work. Changing products costs, more than just money. So people and businesses won't change what they're currently using unless strongly motivated to do so, either due to the shortcomings of existing solutions (which would have to really suck), or because your solution actually solves problems that existing competitors do not. If you go after an existing market on price, the established players can simply underprice you until you die. If you go on style, they have at least a chance of improving their style - assuming style really matters in a B2B context anyway. But really, you need a bigger differentiator than price/style, or you'll find yourself in a race to the bottom against players with a strong competitive advantage over you. Ugh, no. In part, how do you sort out the relevant bits? If it takes a lifetime to record, wouldn't it take a lifetime to watch? My wife has kept a journal most of her life. I suspect it would be fascinating for me if I ever read it (which I will, if I outlive her). I'm sure it'll be fascinating for our children. But really, I don't want to look right now, even though I could. So if I recorded my entire life, who'd want to watch? This is like a proper academic-language version of Bob Black's largely superior text, The Abolition of Work , which was posted here a few days ago and promptly disappeared. Google it. Read Bob Black's essay, which is shorter and more blunt than this one. The concept that everyone must have a "job" (that is, work for someone else for a wage) is deep in the psyche of both the ruling class and the majority, so both reinforce it through culture and propaganda. It's no different from how previous societies believed that Jews controlled the banks, or children got sick and died because they were suffocated in their sleep by witches. It's rank idiocy, but it's rank idiocy that almost everyone believes . Ever read The Emperor's New Clothes? Thanks to Brad Feld for sharing. As we work passionately on doing something we feel is important, we need to be sure to protect our mental health in the process. tl;dr for Brad's post: Depression was caused by physical exhaustion/injuries and lack of work stimulation. Not willing to say no to existing plans when they are no longer viable, and not keeping an eye on the internal balances of the work itself, can lead to a bad situation. Be mindful in your own life. I think that's tied to the lack of stimulation. He wasn't letting the teaching stimulate him. I'm sure he would have his own interpretation of my interpretation. :) Exactly. A step-by-step with screenshots doesn't require translation. I've worked with a lot of brilliant programmers with very poor English, and they communicate effectively by sticking to hard technical data. You're starting to see the fnords. Stop that! Look over there, a celebrity is having marital problems! A pretty young blonde woman is missing! Journalism is always fair and balanced. They would never, ever use potentially biasing words to suggest that you favor the big corporation over the individual. "Unemployed" is never a positive word in American English. In America, if you're unemployed, it's because you're a lazy, shiftless bum - and will quickly resort to crime if your own shortcomings won't let you scam a powerful and scrupulously honest corporation. The word "unemployed" has such negative connotations here that trying to use it in an underdog narrative is dooming your story to failure. The mainstream media spent twenty years trying to turn the word "hacker" into some sort of unholy cross between thief, terrorist, child pornographer, and teenager. They'd better be getting the sense that hacker == criminal by now! Grants might help fund it. If your software is genuinely helping third world clinics, you can probably get some funding for it. Talk to a nonprofit grant-writing organization specializing in third world health care. You might also be able to negotiate a special rate (or even free) from Pearson as a charitable contribution. If their software costs are what threaten your financial stability, and it's for a good cause, they might be willing to write it off. So talk to Pearson, and talk to nonprofit health care grant specialists. Those would be potentially more effective than trying to figure out how to monetize. As for monetizing... if you can stabilize your app financially so it's at least self-supporting via grants/charity (ooh, get Pearson to sponsor it!), you could then leverage that success into a for-profit startup targeted at the money-rich American market. Well, that's not a very clear statement of how it works. "Depth of field" is a technical term in photography, describing the amount of an image that is in focus, relative to the out-of-focus areas in front of or behind. This is a function of the aperture (F-stop) of the lens, and the ratio of focal length to sensor size (which also controls perspective, or how wide the angle of view is). The reason this is important is because out-of-focus areas are a very important visual cue. It isolates the subject of a shot from its surroundings. It is even more important in motion pictures than still photography, where changes in focus are used to move the subject from one person to another in a single shot (watch a conversation in a movie that's shot from one camera for an example). There's even a job, "focus puller", that you'll see in movie credits for the person who adjusts the focus on very large cameras. Depth of field is strongly correlated to the size of the sensor in digital cameras (and also to lenses). Other inexpensive HD cameras use small sensors, which solve a lot of expensive and difficult technical problems, but at a cost of not being able to do a shallow depth of field (you see the same problem in cell phones and cheap small digital cameras). The big win of Red was to use a full-sized sensor, allowing DoF behavior on par with consumer DSLR cameras. Moreover, the Red cameras had interchangeable lens mounts that could use superb, widely available Canon and Nikon DSLR lenses. This greatly reduced the end user cost. So basically, unlike cheaper cameras, a Red camera could shoot things that looked like real movies, due to shallow DoF and manual focus control. And it could do so inexpensively. Very disruptive. If the media hasn't consistently presented "hacker" as negative, why is it seen as such? After all, everyone who actually knows what hacking is a: sees it as positive, and b: is irritated at the media presentation. Facts is facts, man. Sorry if you don't like the snark, but I'm not sorry for telling the truth. Undoubtedly. DevOps as a movement is at risk of being the playground of startups and small businesses, with little impact in the enterprise. More of a concern to me, though, is that "DevOps" will simply become another meaningless buzzword, like "Agile". They'll adopt the phrase but not the culture. "Today, mainstream usage of 'hacker' mostly refers to computer criminals, due to the mass media usage of the word since the 1980s." Source: Wikipedia, "hacker". It's more than just aperture, though. F/2 on a wide-angle lens like the iPhone won't give you the same impact as F/2 on a telephoto. Most low-cost HD video cameras have severely compromised lenses, and professional cameras tend to have extremely expensive lenses. Red solved the problem by tapping into the Canon/Nikon lens base. I would start by reading Bruce Schneier's superb book Applied Cryptography , to see if you're already on a well-trodden path. Computer security and encryption as a technical matter is a very deeply analyzed problem with lots of real world experience. So basically, don't assume your solution is novel. If it seems novel and you're not an expert, then odds are a: it's not actually novel, or b: it won't work. Applied Cryptography is a pretty accessible book. It helps to have a lot of CS and math, but it's not absolutely necessary to get the gist of most of it. Recruiters bombarding you with crap jobs. I wonder if there might be a market for a recruiting board that has a "Do not contact me about" feature... When I'm interviewing candidates, I'm very conscious of the fact that I'm selling the job to them, at the same time they're selling themselves to me. If they can't make the sale to me, I'm not going to put much effort into making the sale to them. Me thinks the author has a sow's ear and believes he has a silk purse. There's a lot more to wine than terroir. And there's a lot more terroir to beer than the author is letting on (consider the challenge of getting certain exotic hops). And quite frankly, all of the "can't taste the difference" criticism about wine could be just as easily leveled at craft beers. I say this as a beer nerd with some appreciation for wine. You have two different problems here. First, learning to write software. Second, building your own startup ideas. Observation of a techie turned solo founder: Building and running a business is a full time job, entirely separate from writing the code. As a lawyer, you're probably better prepared for that now than the average programmer. You might well be better off finding a problem and a solution, and outsourcing or hiring talent to solve it. If you want to code for the sake of coding, go for it! But if it's just a means to another end, it's probably not your best approach. Congress has voted 40 times this year to overturn Obamacare. The article mentions that some deadlines were excluded because Congress refused to allocate funds for them. One might suspect that, if the law had gone into the world in an orderly fashion rather than having its very existence threatened until the 2012 presidential election concluded, more deadlines would be kept. Get actual VCs to use it? Anything you can do to make yourself unique rather than a commodity is valuable. Business wants programmers to be commodities - it's easier for them, because then they can deal with a market rate and not have to treat anyone as special. Looking forward to that day myself! When you're grown up and married, a startup is a different problem altogether. There's a kind of negotiation with the spouse (mine anyway)... she agrees to let me do this, I agree to do it in a way that causes minimum financial disruption. That basically means I don't get to quit the dayjob (that I loathe more every day) until I'm generating a functional income. The need for a financial transition led to a pivot from bootstrapping to seeking funding, and the realities of seeking funding in my limited bandwidth led to a pivot back to bootstrapping, with a greatly scaled-back scope. I think I'm in a much better place now, with achievable goals. But it's hard... in practice, I'm getting about 1/3 the productivity of working full time, at best. This is the kind of portfolio you get when you have zero faith in free enterprise. They trust cold, dead gold more than they trust work and creativity. This is my core question for self-styled libertarians anymore... if government regulation is so problematic for people, isn't that just a market opportunity for entrepreneurs? Those of us who think in terms of finding problems and creating solutions for them for money, see a big problem as a big opportunity. What's the product? That would help me decide whether it's worth it. If it's a hot backup mechanism for a graph db, I'd be interested. If it's a better kind of grape jelly, not so much. My whole economic worldview changed when I read the works of Hernando de Soto Polar ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hernando_de_Soto_Polar ). He demonstrated that a huge free market economy of honest, legitimate work (like private buses) exists completely outside the law, technically illegal, all over the world. The more restrictive the regulations, the more free enterprise pops up. There are two problems with this. First, those entrepreneurs lack protection of the law, so they are vulnerable to losing their livelihoods due to crime or motion of power. Second, this shadow economy is simply not measured by mainstream economics, so in countries where the shadow economy is large, our perception of their relative economic status is skewed. It's sobering stuff for a libertarian to read. Buy the book Presentation Zen and read it. Build your slideshow based on advice in that book. Practice your talk, with a timer, both alone and with a friendly audience (my dogs will sometimes listen for upwards of five minutes if they think they'll get a treat). Also, handouts != slides. A good slideshow is sparse, so handouts from it won't have much data. Try to put enough in the slides to make them useful as handouts, and they'll be a mess as slides. Steve Jobs' unveiling of the iPhone is on YouTube. Watch it! Learn from the master. And watch his slides, and imagine how awful they'd be as a handout, and enjoy how awesome they are as support for his verbal presentation. It's easier, faster, and less expensive to simply not work with people who insist on NDAs. Frees up time for those who trust and respect him. The Pragmatic Programmer is one of my favorite books ever. I recommend it to every programmer. At whatever point I'll have employees of my own, it will be required reading. This, considering that he succeeded so wildly - not just in building a successful business, but in making the culture of the software industry so much better. What I want is for people to stop using spreadsheets for anything but numbers. There's a terrible habit just about everywhere computers are used to use Excel as a catch-all table generator for whatever grid-like data someone wants to capture (task lists, for example). It's a terrible tool for that - the cell editor is actively hostile to entering text. And frankly, I think the majority of Excel use is for exactly this sort of clunky, awkward crud, not actual spreadsheeting. Rather than trying to build a better spreadsheet, build a better grid-oriented text capturing device with some spreadsheet functionality. I'm not sure the growth in the amount of software in the environment (contributor to A) is really that much of a problem. After all, he says we might have "thousands" of times more software, but we certainly aren't spending thousands of times more fixing it. That's because today's software is significantly less broken than the software of yore. We're standing on the shoulders of giants. Underlying most of our environments is Unix (or Linux, same diff), which is basically the same as it was 20, 30 years ago. We're also running on http, an astoundingly good design. There are lots of other basics, none of which are all that complex, and all of which are finely tuned. More to the point, a) represents a practical limit. If our environments get too flaky due to poorly understood configuration or bugs, we ultimately can't get programming done. But not pushing to where it hurts some means not using the latest, greatest tools that can amplify our power as programmers - the same tools that let us have thousands of times more software than we used to, without losing any more time to configuration/bugs than we did decades ago. And beyond that, a lot of the business opportunity in the industry lies with running along just behind the bleeding edge, being firstest-with-mostest to the new and powerful technologies. So unless you're in a safe business relatively independent of new tech, you're going to bleed a bit. Drop me a line at the email in my profile... I'm really interested in how you go about this. I've thought about exactly this product, but stuck on the "If you have a hammer, every problem looks like a nail" effect, which is why businesses use horrid Excel for this duty in the first place. How do you get them to buy in? Your multi-platform approach might be the answer. ps: Have you used any of 37signals' products? Look to them for UI simplicity. I think there's a real danger in adding too much functionality here. Meh. Questioning whether yet another Y Combinator startup can actually change education in a meaningful way is fair. This article, unfortunately, is a bunch of conventional wisdom crap. To pick a nit, the author dismissively handwaved charter schools away as some sort of capitalist corruption. This is a pet peeve of mine. I was just ranting about this yesterday... read my critique here: http://www.davestagner.com/2013/09/17/charter-schools-and-di... The interesting thing to me was the requirement that they last 100 years or more. It was my first thought when I saw "wooden" and "college dorm" in the same sentence. Colleges are long-term institutions and can (and should) make architectural investments that are long-term rather than short-term. A cheap throwaway is exactly the opposite of what colleges should do, although there are plenty of situations where cheap throwaway housing is appropriate, where short-term economics outweigh long-term economics in the buyer's eyes. This line of thought brought to you by the superb book, How Buildings Learn , by Stewart Brand. I recommend it to every software professional I know. Sure, it's about physical things rather than software, but the principles are similar. I have a simple rule of thumb when interviewing other people... I don't care so much what you know how to do, as much as I care how you handle what you don't know how to do. Technical skill can be discovered quickly enough in the interview process. Ways of thinking, that takes work. As for the original article... if a company puts you through a long interview process, you should take advantage of it to learn about them as well, and see if it's where you want to work. Don't just be a replaceable part. tl;dr If you're doing a software startup that might need to pivot, don't use Kickstarter. Longer critique: 1. Your kickstarter supporters expect what you promised them, not something else. 2. If the kickstarter supporters are in any way "investors", you're probably hosed for getting professional investors down the road. There are probably examples. I can think of at least one - a film project a friend of mine became involved in (after they raised their kickstarter round). It seems to me that the product they wind up with won't be exactly what they kickstarted - although frankly, that shouldn't be too surprising given the scope of something like a movie. Aw c'mon, it's the internet! You don't need to "earn the right to be a community site". You just swagger on in, set up comments, filter the spam, and see if enough others show up to make a flamewar. :) Sink or swim, just like a startup! (That said, I totally understand getting content rolling before adding comments) That's what scares me about ever going the VC route. It makes the company vulnerable to the vagaries of not just product and customers, but a third party with interests that don't necessarily align. edit: To phrase it another way, I don't ever want to be in a position where making investors happy is more important than making customers happy. On the flip side, as an old friend once said, "Do you have ten years of experience, or one year of experience ten times?" Highly experienced people can be priceless because they have dealt with similar situations before (and it's not the technology, it's the situations). But if they didn't learn from their experiences, it doesn't help. And imho a majority of the old hands are still doing things wrong - sometimes due to management interference, sometimes due to ignorance, but mostly due to simply not making the effort to do better. One of my own interviewing mantras is, "I don't care so much what you know how to do, as how you deal with what you don't know how to do." But honestly, this mantra taken to its logical extreme massively favors raw intelligence and flexibility over experience. That's not always a Good Thing. Payments is an extremely hard problem. Try picking up a NACHA rulebook. Makes a great doorstop, it's the size of an old-school phone book. Don't know what NACHA is? Consider the possibility that you don't actually understand the problem space, then. It'd depend on what the incentives are. If you're trying to lure a highly experienced person from a secure enterprise job to the uncertainties of a startup, what are you offering them? Money? They can make a lot more than a startup can offer by going into consulting, if they're good. Freedom? Maybe. A mission? Maybe. But you'd better have something. For an example of other conditions... I have a friend I'd love to poach away to work for me. But he's the sole breadwinner with five young children. Besides money, I'd have to make sure I can provide good health benefits. Very cool. I was turned on to the music of Conlon Nancarrow a zillion years ago in college, by a music professor. Nancarrow is often called one of the fathers of electronic music, but he never understood it. After all, he never wrote for a synthesizer or sequencer in his life! Nancarrow's music is very dense and intellectually intense, but it's also very emotional, full of humor and love. It's not (always) cold the way a lot of process-driven composers like Schoenberg were cold. Nancarrow's own player pianos were customized with steel and leather hammers to get an even more powerful sound. The recordings in his studio are amazing, but I imagine it must have been far more intense live. As I put it elsewhere, there's not $4.7B of meat on the corpse. And that seems against the grain of a growth-oriented fund. That's the sort of thing that old-school junk bond funds would do to buy up and part out factories, inventory, and pension funds. The only justifications I can think of for buying Blackberry are a: to rebuild them, b: to integrate their good tech into an existing system (a good play for an also-ran smart phone that wants more market share and is willing to gamble for Blackberry's old, loyal enterprise market), c: to deliberately put them out of business (a good play for a successful smart phone to either go after the vacuum created by their death, or prevent competitors from exercising plan B). Richard Stallman. He hacked the law ! The GPL is one of the most important things that ever happened in software, and created the foundation for so much we love today. Blackberry just wrote off $900M in unsold devices. That's a much bigger loss. The real driver of a bubble is the idea of a "get rich quick" investment mechanism that pulls in rewards out of proportion to risk, which inflates the capital within that investment, which inflates the bubble. Are we there yet? I don't see it. When I think "bubble", I think of two - the old dotcom bubble, and the housing bubble. The housing bubble was driven by those nasty CDOs, which produced abnormal rates of return on AA/AAA securities, while leaving their value vulnerable to problems with the sub-prime market. Money pours into the housing market thanks to excessive returns, which both drives up housing prices and drives demand for more mortgages, which reduces proper risk management... a vicious cycle, til the subprimes start defaulting and the prices drop and then the bubble pops. The old dotcom bubble was driven by IPO money from unsophisticated investors, so there was a massive push to get companies public as soon as possible, well before they had solid business models. This drew institutional money into the venture capital market, and again, things got all out of wack, and capital supply was driving startup demand, and weak businesses were getting funding they didn't deserve. So the real marker for a bubble now, imho, isn't whether prices for early stage startups are going up, but rather whether a lot of bad startups are getting funded. Is that really happening? An increase in price suggests otherwise. Supply and demand, people. Sure, demand may be up, but either that increases price, or the market responds by increasing supply. And since the number of quality startups is basically fixed, supply increase means introducing bad startups. And this doesn't even bring in other factors, like pg's marvelous observations about how startups need less Series A money these days generally, and the rise of super-angels, angel syndicates, and online tools like AngelList and Gust. tl;dr Demand != bubble When I saw WeFund, I thought "Kickstarter for penny stocks!" Ugh. If this is being done in a way that hordes of non-qualified investors are actually getting stock, it could well handicap any startups that go that route, because the professional investors they'll need in later, bigger rounds will consider them toxic. Consider what this does to the cycle... startups good enough to get real angel money will probably be wise enough to not take on a bunch of high-risk unqualified capital, and so they won't be on WeFund at all. This leaves WeFund to the ones that are more idea than startup, not good enough to get in the real capital game. So the likelihood of hits is very low. So, how much money can be poured into the system this way? Not enough to distort the entire market the way the dotcom boom did, I think. It would take a million thousand-dollar investors to just get a billion, which isn't enough to really kill anything - and $100M or less even less important in the big scheme of things. Good point, but I still don't think it's a true bubble until it starts feeding on itself, responding to liquidity-driven demand in toxic ways. And I think the toxic way we'll see here is bad startups getting funded. Another possibility we'll see is startups getting overfunded and drowning in their own capital (another thing that happened in the old dotcom era). But the true quality startups shouldn't allow themselves to get overfunded anyway. I also think we should see a drive to IPO to drag unsophisticated money in, like back in the day. We're not, I don't think. Exits these days seem to be primarily M&A driven, and how vulnerable is that to liquidity surplus? Neo4J. Graph database is awesome, it'll change how you think about data back to how you should think about data in many cases. It's not copyright itself that is the blight... it's the seemingly endless extension of it. Copyright will always be extended far enough to keep Steamboat Willie (the first Mickey Mouse cartoon) copyrighted, as Cory Doctorow has pointed out. That looks interesting. Do you have plans for a way to filter data before it arrives in your system for security/regulatory reasons? How does it handle PII? Yes, definitely think about that stuff. It's a very cool idea, but a lot of the places that could use it are handling PHI, PII, and other sensitive data. Cold calling, then. Offer them a story and see if they bite. There's also a garbage collector running around. But if you shoot him, the whole game pauses. As a rational person, I would never (again) work for an employer that regularly insisted on more than 40 hours a week of my time. Then again, I like to do things other than make money for someone else. The only way I would ever be "invested" rather than a wage slave is if I own the business, or it's work that I truly cared passionately about - saving lives, saving the world. Most paying work isn't like that at all. I'd take it from a different angle - those worried about "fidelity" that don't play instruments and have never worked on a studio recording simply have no idea what they're talking about. They latch on to numbers because numbers are easy to understand, and bigger == better, right? After engineering/producing a bunch of albums, one thing I can say for sure is that a good-sounding album is totally fake relative to the actual, natural sounds of the instruments involved. That's fine, because it sounds good . An accurate recording doesn't sound good. It's too loud or too quiet (often in the same passage), lacks a sense of space, and lacks impact. Here's an example of what I'm talking about. When mixing guitar/bass/drums, I'll often high-pass guitars around 200hz - basically, throwing out any signal below that with an equalizer. And if you listen to the guitar by itself, it sounds like it's been gutted. But in the context of a mix , the change to the guitar is inaudible - but the drums and bass sound better! The heart of the guitar's sound is in the midrange, not the bass range. You can lose the bass range and as long as other instruments are there, your ears fill in the missing information for you. Meanwhile, the heart of the kick drum and bass guitar are in that lower range, so getting other instruments out of their way makes them easier to hear. Yeah, but that line of reasoning opens up the "You think it's good because it's just warm distortion" line from the head over heart crowd, and it's often not at all true. You can spot these people because they'll use THD (total harmonic distortion) like a meaningful number. THD specs are generated by 1khz sine waves. It deliberately ignores both dynamics and harmonic content - the fundamental building blocks of music. It's like measuring how well a car drives 50mph. Methane hydrate. Basically an ice-like substance of methane trapped in water crystals. It can stay in that form when trapped under ocean sediments (there are vast amounts in the ocean), but when pressure is released and it's exposed to warmth, the methane can escape the water structure. Interesting, but I wonder how well it will do? Bootstrap is already very widespread and benefits from network effects. Foundation is a nice alternative to Bootstrap that appeals to people looking for such (I'm a Foundation user myself). But a third framework? Can it get traction? Want to make Star Wars great again? Don't put a hack like JJ Abrams in charge of it! I'm one of the many who would love to see our beloved Star Wars in Joss Whedon's hands. Sadly (or not), he's busy with the Avengers, and I can't see Lucas being comfortable with him anyway. But wow, someone who can write ensemble cast work like that could do wonders with Star Wars. It's missing SQLException, one of the more gloriously broken bits in Java. Everything that you might ever do with a database, no matter what it is, throws SQLException. I suppose you could just consider SQLException a superclass of all other exceptions. Any exception can be cast to SQLException to insure that there's no useful information in it. I don't think it can be taught. It can only be learned. It's not a subtle difference. snark: Watch Fight Club . question: Do you have trouble going to sleep, or is the trouble actually in the waking up? advice: As someone who has trouble sleeping sometimes due to the racing mind, Sonata has worked well as a medication. It's a hypnotic, so it just helps you get to sleep - it doesn't keep you asleep. But if you can't sleep because your brain won't settle down (for whatever reason), it might be a good thing to investigate. I wind up using on a weekly to semi-weekly basis, one to three nights, until my rhythm returns. secret: I sleep a lot better next to my spouse. My first thought is security. But is the lock opening a security flaw in existing quality bike locks, or are they vulnerable primarily from some other angle (like leverage)? In modern (as opposed to old) photography, smiling is often forced and awkward. As a serious photographer, I don't like posed photos at all, except from people who are comfortable and expressive while modeling. For most people, I prefer candids. And in my candid work (which isn't necessarily representative of the world at large), people tend to either look serious, or be laughing. Smiling is less common. I agree that model work (and I don't have a problem with the colloquial meaning of "model") is fundamentally different from formal portrait. But that said, I do actual models and studio photography quite a bit. Even when using models, I'm generally after some essential expression of personality. The difference between a good model and an ordinary sitter is that they can achieve direct expression directly and comfortably, and through indirect means (such as playing a role or wearing a costume). It depends on the state. Most states are actually using the federal system. Some states did their own. For those, most were outsourced to contractors, as the business rules are extremely complex and state governments tend to not have much experience with high-volume consumer transactional websites. A lot of the projects were handicapped by short schedules, due to political interference. They weren't really free to work full strength until after the 2012 election was done. It's much easier to explain as if certain legislators were five... Major record labels are the venture capitalists of the music world. They invest large amounts of capital in a small number of artists, hoping for big hits that are highly profitable. Most aren't, so they're savagely dumped. Worse, unlike venture capital, record labels insist on control over the reproduction rights of the music they fund, so artists lose control over their own work. It's a really crappy deal for musicians, unless they're one of the lucky handful who go platinum. When these articles talk about "the music industry", they're really talking about the major labels. They're getting beaten up, and for good reason. It's not piracy - it's distribution costs, which are converging on zero due to Internet technology. The labels were needed when it was an incredibly expensive and difficult proposition to put copies of a record in thousands of record stores. Today, artists can just put their music out on the cloud basically for free, and pay a very reasonable and competitive fee on download costs and payment processing from the likes of iTunes, CDBaby, Bandcamp, and others. At this point, what are the major labels bringing to the table? Their increasingly irrelevant marketing prowness? Their marketing was based heavily on de-risking due to the investment expense (which is why the major labels pushed so much tame, crappy music - it was safe). That's exactly the opposite of what many musicians need! So yeah. Musicians are doing fine. It's not as easy to get filthy rich now, but it's a lot easier to make a decent living doing what they love, without compromise. As for the major labels? Don't let the door hit you on the way out. Hence the popularity of coffeeshops and other low-paying, transient jobs with musicians. I have a number of friends who work crap jobs so they can get away with touring. When I look at my financially stable but locked-in life, it's not a bad trade they're making. I remember reading an interview with Nels Cline, the lead guitarist for Wilco, where the interviewer was surprised to find out that he had coffeeshop jobs until he joined Wilco. After all, Cline was a fairly well-known and respected musician even before Wilco. But frankly, being a well-known experimental jazz-rock guitarist means working in coffeeshops to pay the rent. One of my best technical interviews was from a lead engineer who simply asked more and more difficult questions until he found your limit (believe me, he knew more than anyone he would interview). His interest wasn't in what you knew so much as how you reacted when you hit the limits of your knowledge. There's a lot of value in that approach. I don't use it myself when interviewing people, but I do try to accomplish the same end. I feel your pain. I'm also dayjobbing while working on creating a startup. The conclusion I've found is that working this way makes it much slower, but not impossible. The hard parts are a: not giving up (actually, that hasn't been hard), and b: using the time you have efficiently. There are a number of paths available to you: 1. Give up. 2. Quit dayjobbing, go full-time on your savings in hopes it will succeed (part-time freelancing is a partial version of this). 3. Get funded and work off the funding. 4. Get a revenue-generating product out the door so it starts paying for you to work full-time. I don't believe in #1. I can't do #2 because my marriage is more important than my startup. I looked into #3, but fundraising is a full-time job that takes your eye off the ball with no guarantee of success. This leaves #4. So consider a way to build a subset of your product you can sell, or otherwise shorten your takeoff trajectory. That will get you going faster. As for the freelancing idea... unless you think you can immediately get half-time freelance work and keep a steady flow of it, it's not a good path. It will start intruding on your startup time. All programming languages claim to be better than that "Other" language! There used to be such a beast. It was called Can-Am, and the rules were basically that cars had to have two seats, fenders, and at least one engine. Other than that, it was anything goes. It made for spectacular racing, but tended to be dominated by one team at a time, and it was ridiculously expensive. It was ultimately shut down for cost reasons. Or Le Mans. Nonsense. Not getting caught doesn't mean cheating didn't happen, it just means cheating wasn't detected. Your statement is like saying that if we don't detect intrusion into our computers, that no one intruded. A lot of NASCAR fans argue that F1 is just that - driving skill has been replaced by technology. I think that's nonsense. Better cars are an advantage, but ultimately, it's the driver's nerve and imagination that wins. I'd choose a lesser car with a greater driver any day. Welfare politics are driven by resentment, and offense that "My tax dollars are paying for lazy welfare queens to drive Cadillacs!" Because of this, there's a tremendous amount of overhead built into fraud prevention and making sure no one who isn't utterly desperate gets it. With GMI, there's no justification for class resentment - you get the same benefit as everyone else. GMI is a dividing line on the libertarian right. Most still hate it, because they're basically anarchists who hate any form of government spending. But there's a minority who really like it for its simplicity and fairness, and the positive impact on personal liberty. They also note that the F1 drivers take certain turns differently from every other driver. Yeah. I used to watch Can Am when I was a little kid. Drivers got killed a lot. Those cars were insane - 1000 horsepower sometimes. More importantly, it's not worth going back. At a certain point, it becomes actually less work to start over than to try to cut that Gordian Knot. The problem then is when business logic is encapsulated in the mud. I'm the original author. You can direct your flames and mockery here. :) I'm fairly certain that Paul Graham doesn't hold the copyright on the word "flamewar". There's no "Paul Graham term" about it. We all understand what a flamewar is, plus or minus a handful of picked nits. The HN flamewar detector isn't a human being. It's a software algorithm. It doesn't care about the subject of the flamewar or take that into account. It only looks for certain posting patterns. What you're asking for is something that discriminates (no negativity intended) "controversial discussions" from "flamewars" - where "controversial discussion" is pretty much defined as "stuff I want to talk about". Why don't we just admit that this whole post is just a response to offense at a single post getting bopped off the front page because of a flamewar, when some people really want it on the front page? It's a lot easier when we aren't tippy-toeing around the actual issue. Sure, the problems of that post were symptomatic of the broader social algorithms of HN, but I don't think they mean HN's rules and the underlying enforcement patterns are inherently wrong. They just didn't work well in this particular case. Businesses (meaning Big Business, I suppose) don't reject Ruby because it's "a dying language". They reject it because they're inherently conservative. Java and .Net rule the roost because they're seen as safe, respectable choices. The appearance of risk is more important to most businesses than actual risk. Ruby isn't dominant, therefore it is perceived as risky. Java's complexity might actually threaten the survival of a small project, but it's not "risky" because it's dominant. Alas, it's still kind of a mess. The #1 improvement made to Java imho has been dependency injection in Spring and Hibernate. But this dependency injection pretty much kills all the compile-time sanity checking that compiled languages are supposed to provide. It's great when it works, but when it doesn't, it just barfs out useless stack traces that don't actually show you where the problem occurred. Correlation is not causation. A 600x performance difference doesn't suggest a language-level performance issue. Quite the opposite, in fact! Multiple orders of magnitude performance problems are usually algorithmic in nature, or a really hard physical bottleneck. The only time I've ever used Jython is for administrating Websphere. And nothing says bloated overpriced overcomplicated time-wasting enterprise nightmare like Websphere. Seriously, businesses will spend the equivalent of ten programmers' salaries on Websphere licenses, but they'd never consider hiring ten programmers. It's the poster child of corporate timidity in risk aversion drag. But I digress. I'm realizing I need to do more blogging. For the exact same algorithm of moderate complexity, there should be less than an order of magnitude of performance difference between any languages, from a high-level language like Ruby to hand-coded assembly. Performance issues come from blocking and bottlenecks, not programming language choice. Waiting on database queries, waiting on networks, waiting on disk - those hurt. Using O(n^2) algorithms when O(n log n) or O(1) could be used hurts. Bad indexing on data sources hurts. Handling excessive or redundant data hurts. Threads that could be doing work getting blocked (or deadlocked) by other threads that could get out of the way in a better architecture - that hurts. Programming languages, that's nothing. And in Ruby's case, even that limit can be addressed. Ditch the perceived inefficiencies of the Ruby interpreter in favor of JRuby running on the highly tuned JVM, and see if things are faster. I'm using JRuby in the code I'm developing for my startup, in order to access Java libs I need. The biggest issue has been that it doesn't support Ruby 2.0 yet, which is merely aesthetic at this point for me. JRuby hasn't given me any grief since I got it going. The "similar life experiences, interests, worldviews" really refers to being in the IT industry, especially on the startup side of things. I don't think gender or race issues are nearly as much a cause for exclusion here as, say, being a restauranteur rather than a programmer would be. Tech may not be a pure meritocracy, but it's far closer to one than most fields, and most of the discrimination I've seen has come from management, not programmers. Female and non-white engineers are regarded for their capabilities first and foremost. I was just discussing this yesterday with my daughter. She's studying to be a teacher, and is deeply involved with social justice issues (I credit her with improving my sensitivity on gender, which was already pretty good). I was talking about how I go back and forth a bit on what I can or should do to encourage African-American teens to go into IT. One of the advantages that I perceive is that it's the source of a good, secure middle class living with very little racial discrimination relative to other fields. But the disadvantage is that there's very little African-American participation in the industry. I come down on the side of encouragement because we need pioneers, and because good middle-class security is becoming harder to come by in America. But to get back to the original point - the cultural divide around here isn't really about gender or race, which is the point of the OP's essay. Indeed. Just because you're reasoning from first principles doesn't mean the people trying to understand what you're doing need to reason from first principles. One of my first principles for customer acquisition is that potential customers are looking for any excuse whatsoever to ignore you. Making understanding difficult for them is a very straightforward way to turn them off. I see that and want to do it by appending backwards off the end of the string, then move the pointer to the new beginning. Is that "creating a new string"? Or just making a poopy on the floor for the garbage collector? "Double the length of the old string and then cut it in half" isn't against the rules, right? As an interviewer, I'm far more interested in soft skills than hard skills. I just want to know that they can actually program, which I can usually tell by how they talk about accomplishments in the face of some probing detail questions. Good programmers want to take a difficult problem, shoot it, mount its head on the wall like a set of antlers, and brag about it to anyone who will tolerate that. So competence shines through without a lot of tech question grilling. Soft skills, on the other hand... is this person an asshole? Inflexible and dogmatic? Timid? Boring? That stuff drags down a whole team. Well, yeah. That's the expected way to do it. My way has the benefit of bending the rule without breaking it. After all, we weren't told to not allocate memory, we were told to not create another string. Timid people get overrun by dominant people, and the kind of aspie cluelessness that runs through so many programmers (and I have no problem with that). So timid programmers often wind up unhappy and unwilling to talk about being unhappy, and the value of their ideas and opinions is lost. That's a loss to the team. Boring people? Hell, I just don't want to work with them. If I have a say in hiring someone I'm going to spend hours a day around, I'm going to do my best to make sure it's someone I find entertaining. I'm pretty good at getting timid people to come out of their shell (I actually like a lot of timid people). But it's not usually their interactions with me I'm worried about - it's their interactions with the rest of the team. I don't like working in solitude myself. I'm a social person, and I need other people to bounce off of. I'm not the only one, either. I was trying to recruit an old colleague (and I'm not done trying to recruit him!), and his biggest concern about going to an early startup was the lack of a team to work with. He's one of the nicest and most easygoing people I know, and a natural leader. I'd love to have him leading a team of developers for me. But first, I'd have to get him a team. Kind of the opposite, really. I have a tremendous number of friends and a very active social life. I find "work" can be a drag if it's not as much fun as not-work is. One of the ways I manage to be a very happy person is to not spend time with people who don't actively make me happy, any more than necessary. I should add here that "the best programmers" are, quite frankly, not always people I want to work with. I worked under a totally brilliant tech lead for a while, one of the finest programmers I've ever met. But he relished being an asshole, and really grated on people. I learned as much from him as I've ever learned from anyone, and I actually kind of like him as a person, but I'm so glad I don't have to work with him anymore. Brilliant people don't always play well with others, and software is (in my world at least) a team effort. I want to work with people who pull the team together, not tear it apart, no matter how talented they are technically. True dat. That's not quite what I was after, but it's a good observation. I don't mind outsiders so long as they're energetic and interesting. Making contact with people isn't the hard part, I don't think. Motivating them to help you is the hard part. Yep. People generally want to help, but they're also mindful of their bandwidth (especially the successful, busy people who can offer the best help). So ask for help, but don't waste their time. I wouldn't hire someone just because they're entertaining. But I might not hire someone otherwise qualified if they're not. And I'm not even in the habit of socializing with co-workers outside the job. But the job is enough hours with someone that I'd much prefer to enjoy their company. I'm not sure why you keep assuming the best programmers are boring or unpleasant. I've found the opposite to be true, generally. Creating a startup isn't primarily technical. It's about business stuff - marketing, hiring, customer support, all sorts of soft skill things. All the clever code in the world won't make a startup succeed without the other stuff. So really, "technical meritocracy" isn't what makes for successful startups. I think the concentration of technical founders in these parts gives us an unbalanced view. Algorithmic solutions will always be hard. "I know it when I see it" is hard to program. Depending on the site, I'd go to a trust-based solution. New users get their images approved by a human censor (pr0n == spambot in most cases). Established users can add images without approval. If you're going to try software, try something that errs on the side of caution, and send everything to a human for final decision-making, just like spam filters. Don't feed the bots. Yes, exactly. The living will conversation. It may not change his ways, but it'll make him respect how you feel about it, hopefully. For me, it was 2009, the year everyone died. I lost so many friends and family, and so many of my friends lost friends and family, I couldn't even count them all. My bandmate in particular struggled with a father who had been a lifelong hermit, and was utterly uncooperative in his own care. He had no will, and my bandmate was the sole heir of a house that had been in the family for generations (since the 1850s). It was a legal mess waiting to happen. Meanwhile, I lost another bandmate, just a few years older than me, to cancer, and lost a friend of 15 years to suicide. Terrible, terrible year. This led me to a conversation with my children, who were 15 at the time. I told them that if I ever get to where I can't take care of myself and their mother can't take care of me for whatever reason, that they should do whatever it takes to take care of me. Take away my car, take over my finances, put me in a nursing home, whatever. I warned them that I'll tell them not to do those things then. They shouldn't listen to me then, because I'll be senile! But seriously, parents may not do what is best for their children, but they can at least care that that's their choice. Alas, most people (including me) are idiots, so the Bootstrap/Foundation debate is important to us. I've been developing my work using Foundation. I can't say I'm making a terribly informed decision, because I'm a back end guy and I'm still learning to write good modern front end. But Foundation felt better to me, and it's not driving me up a wall yet. The correct amount of face time - both out of necessity and out of comfort - is a difficult problem. I worked for a while in a "Facebook style" office, where we were pair programming. No walls, no privacy, all of our desks faced forward except the lead, who faced us, like a schoolteacher. I found it extremely uncomfortable. And I'm a people person! On the other hand, zero face time is problematic in other ways. Even 37signals has an all-employee get-together a couple of times a year (read back through svn, they describe this). There are three pressing concerns for hydrogen fuel cells, which can be added up to "bullshit". First, energy density. I can't speak to that in detail, but the range problem is serious. Then again, the range problem seemed insurmountable for electric cars until Tesla got within spitting distance. Second, platinum. Traditional hydrogen cells require some platinum in the catalyst, which is fine at lab scales, but unviable at industrial scale. There have been advances in alternative catalysts recently, but until fuel cells can be built without rare and exotic raw materials, they're just a toy. Third, power source. Hydrogen comes from cracking water, which requires energy. It's just a storage medium for energy provided during the cracking process. What's the end-to-end thermal efficiency of that process? And where does the power come from? Of course, this problem applies 100% to battery-powered cars as well. I'd give Elon Musk more credit than generic CEO spin for this. If he thought hydrogen was viable, he'd be working on it. Thanks for the link. I've always suspected that energy density was a problem, but never investigated it. Programming is futuristic in a 1950s sort of way. There's a classic Astounding Magazine cover from the era of a guy aggressively boarding a spaceship or something with a ray gun in his hand and a slide rule in his teeth. In other words, it's not futuristic because we're not terribly good at imagining the future. The guts of modern computing is based on the fundamental logical architecture of Von Neumann and others, work of the 1940s and 1950s. We may be building things in software that couldn't have been imagined back then, but we're building it on structures designed back then. Look at the iPad and modern tablet computers, in many ways the pinnacle of the modern computer movement. Then look up Alan Kay's Dynabook, which he invented (conceptually) in 1968! We're just now catching up with his vision from 45 years ago. The problem is that they want to hack, rather than doing the scary business stuff. You won't have this problem if you're not a hacker by nature. Simple. Financial advice is valuable, so financial advisors prefer to get paid. And paying for their time means that they offer more value than they cost. That really doesn't happen until an individual's wealth reaches a certain inflection point, which is basically upper middle class. It's in the financial best interest of the advisors to work for the clients with the most money. Below that, there are any number of free or inexpensive resources, books, etc available. If you're disciplined enough to take the advice of a financial planner, you're probably disciplined enough to to follow the advice in "Saving for Dummies" or somesuch. Your website is eating the back button. I HATE that. I came up with the idea for my startup when I was 47. I don't expect it to be able to make a living at it until I'm 49. Age? Pffth. Then again, I'm not hacking together "Facebook for cats" and hoping for some zeitgeist to make it magically successful while buckets of venture capital rain down on my head, either. A college kid would never have come up with what I'm building, because they wouldn't realize the problem I'm trying to solve actually exists. It came to me because I've been in the software industry for nearly two decades and have seen the same problems, over and over. I'm solving a real problem that I understand really well, with a straightforward monetization strategy from obvious customers. It's not something that could be knocked off in a weekend by a couple of dudes at a weekend hackathon. The experience to see substantial problems and the patience to work on them comes with time. Don't worry about getting old. That all said, my 40s have been the best creative period of my life, by far. I feel like all the things I learned and experienced in my first 40 years were just setting me up for what I can do today. Another way to look at it - the 35 line on one side is for people who think they're losers, and on the other side for people who think they're going to be losers. It's not a matter of "didn't realize it's impossible". The problem young startup entrepreneurs have is they don't realize that valuable problems exist . Valuable problems tend to be industry-specific and narrowly defined, so you need to be at least aware of the problems of an industry, and the existing solutions/workarounds. Without industry experience at anything but being a college student and reading HN, how are you going to find problems to solve? That's why you see so many me-too social apps. You solve what you know, and if your most extensive experience with computers is Facebook and Twitter, that's your space for problems. There are a couple of other factors to consider. First, there are problems that can be solved with new tech that couldn't be solved with old tech. The web opened up a huge front of new solutions over the past 10-20 years. Mobile is opening up another wave of solutions. And finally, consider the "aspirin or vitamin" question. Vitamins are tempting, but aspirin sells better. Me, I'm working in more or less the monitoring space for configuration management. My key competition isn't other monitoring tools, it's the DevOps movement and automation tools like Chef and Puppet. When people have enterprise configuration management suck, those are the recommended solutions. But they're vitamins being sold as aspirin. Simply getting to where there's organizational buy-in to go to DevOps or to automate what was once manual is a whole fresh sort of pain. My competitive advantage is a near-painless dose of aspirin - immediate relief without having to change the whole model. Ain't no college kid coming up with that. Of course Chuck Norris is a color. He just has more bits than other colors. My college-age daughter LOVES to cook and finds it relaxing. I call her my "personal chef" and have basically turned over all household food stuff to her, freeing my time for other things. Something I learned over the years... if your code quality is too high, it means you're sacrificing productivity. It is dependent on the definition of quality. I'm not saying just throw crap code over the wall as quickly as possible! I've seen the consequences of that often enough. But I've also seen a lot of premature optimization masked as "quality", and at a certain inflection point, it becomes so time-consuming that it threatens the project. For example, do you really need 100% unit test coverage of all corner cases? Oh, I totally agree (and +1 for the katamari reference. Your king will be around to insult you soon!). Most code is awful and doesn't meet even minimum standards. The industry error is strongly on the negative side. I'm just arguing against the case I've heard from many programmers that better code is always better. At a certain point, you hit diminishing returns and lose sight of the goal. You'd have to google around for authoritative sources, but the history is pretty straightforward. Opium/heroin prohibition started as anti-Chinese policy. Marijuana prohibition was drenched in anti-black and anti-Mexican racism, as using it for intoxication was virtually unknown in the white community (although it was often an ingredient in "patent medicines"). There's a healthy bit of conspiracy theory that says the real motivation for the marijuana prohibition was a Dupont family political move against Henry Ford, who was looking at alternative fuels based on hemp. Certainly, Harry Anslinger, the primary campaigner for anti-marijuana laws, was a Dupont in-law, lending credence to the theory. Still, it's conspiracy theory and should be taken with a grain of salt. But in the longer political run, marijuana makes an excellent nuisance crime for harassing social undesirables - blacks, latinos, and white hippies and artists who were unduly influenced by black culture. That's not a matter of research, it's just plain obvious. And since it's kind of hard to actually show that marijuana causes black men to rape white women or that it leads directly to heroin and communism or whatever, there is quite a cottage industry in faux-science to "prove" the dangers of a basically harmless herb. The bigger problem in modern years, imho, has been the rise of the private drug testing industry. It doesn't hurt the self-image of big businesses to demand that potential employees pee in a cup to prove their competence, but it's completely shameful socially. It's ridiculous. Consider Neo4J. The fail mode here for MongoDB (complex non-hierarchical relationships) is a win mode for Neo4J. Hierarchies are just a special case of graphs. Use a proper graph database, and you can actually represent the relationships based the domain model, without the clumsiness of hierarchical NoSQL or even worse clumsiness of RDBMS. Actually, Perl is many different Satans, depending on the particular stylistic quirks of the programmer in question. I don't think it ensures the funding of well-connected founders. It just makes it easier for them. And how do you get to be well-connected, anyway? In a strong meritocracy, previous success is the best. You can become "well connected" by a previous successful (or even unsuccessful) startup, or to be an early employee at multiple successful startups, or to build a reputation on a popular open source project or book or website or etc. Someone who is well-connected due to their previous successes and demonstrated hard work and talent is a much safer bet. And I'd argue you don't get well-connected just by showing up. That'll buy you a friend or two, but not a network. I think that's a bigger problem for finding angels than finding VC. A little angel seed fund can give a startup enough traction to register with the VCs (and afford a trip or two to Silly Valley). But in Silly Valley itself, angels are easy to find and quick to commit. Those of us out in flyover country have to deal with no local angels at all, or tire-kicking committees that want traditional 50 page five year business plans and take six months to make up their minds. And I'm sure the situation is far worse in places like India. Early adopter tax. Once they find other ways to monetize (and they will, considering they have actually planted a physical device in a revenue stream), the device cost can drop precipitously. Throw enough money and brains at the problems, and it becomes a thief's nightmare. They've already got a good start, it seems. The credit card industry already eats significant small-scale fraud, so if you can create a system that makes it harder, rather than easier, to defraud cards, the big companies will be all over it. And THEN there will be big, big money. I was freelancing things a couple of years into my career. The trick isn't skill at the job (so long as you don't get in over your head), it's getting the gigs in the first place. Honestly, I really wish I'd stuck with it and pushed harder down that road, rather than settling into corporate work. Among other things, I saved Christmas! (Way back in the dawn of the web, a little printing company in Iowa managed to get the christmas.com domain, and were printing letters to Santa for kids. They were getting creamed performance-wise. I helped get it runnable.) Congratulations, you just discovered "growth hacking"! Yes, yes, yes. I'm writing software to automate a painfully manual, error-prone process. Suggesting that I continue to do it manually, only charge people money for it, isn't viable. It started with scratching my own itch, and I've done a lot of customer validation since then (not as much as I'd like, but enough). So in this case, the MVP is about limiting scope, not doing things that don't scale. Doing it manually is not "perfectly fine", because the problem is that it's already being done manually, and needs to be automated. "Manual" and "viable" are incompatible in my case. Which gets to the author's point. The best setup I think I've ever seen was a large room with tiny personal cubicles lining the walls, and islands of open work areas in the center. You could go to your cubelet for phone calls, email, storing your coat, etc, but coding work was done at the islands. Each island consisted of five workstations two on each side and one at one end. Each workstation had two 24" monitors and a wide berth, with two chairs and more available. Pair programming was comfy, and getting four or five people around a single piece of work was easy. If you were at the islands, you were working and available to be called over. If you were in your private cubicle, you were to be left alone unless it was really important. From total openness to decent privacy in a few steps. That's as good a balance as I've seen. Anyone who has read Christopher Alexander's "A Pattern Language"[1] can easily extrapolate his ideas to cubicles. Alexander pointed out that if you drop any human in an open field with a tree, within a few minutes they'll be sitting with their back to the tree, facing the sun. We are animals. We get physically and psychologically uncomfortable when our vision is restricted and our backs are exposed. It means we are vulnerable to predators. As such, cubicles are pretty much a nightmare. [1] Christopher Alexander wrote about architecture, but his terminology was adopted by the design patterns movement in computer science, so it's familiar to most programmers. It's one of two building architecture books I recommend to programmers - the other is Stewart Brand's "How Buildings Learn". So, has Google actually refused to remove the image? Or just not moved fast enough? As others have pointed out, blogging is absolutely essential to a product like this. Free content for conversion is also really valuable. Don't be too wedded to your initial revenue model. There are lots of ways you can make money here - subscription, ads, etc. The middle-class investment industry relies heavily on getting a finger on the pulse of the cash flow for ordinary people. If you're deliberately avoiding touching that pulse, and deliberately avoiding remarketing to investment businesses, you may have a hard time getting reasonable return for your work from subscriptions or whatever. You might want to look into investment clubs and how they work, not as a market but rather as an insight into your customers. I'm a Minnesotan, so... As a photographer, I gotta say I really love the name. :) For those who aren't photography nerds, "bokeh" is a Japanese word that means the out-of-focus areas in a photograph. Different lenses have different kinds of bokeh, and beautiful or ugly bokeh is an important dividing line between good and bad lenses. Yeah, I kinda glossed over that. It will probably happen, as Android and Windows tablets become commodities and are forced to compete on the same rotting-vegetables pricing basis as PC hardware. Once they go, Apple will quickly follow suit. But make hay while the sun shines, and enjoy the prisoner's dilemma while it's still profitable for everyone. "Scandal" my butt. This is just market forces waiting to happen. There's a lot of money to be made in the relative slowness of the invisible hand. It's more prisoner's dilemma than cartel. And like the prisoner's dilemma, it won't last. One problem is that antibiotics are themselves somewhat toxic to humans. As the friendly ones become ineffective, the less friendly ones come into play. Depends. If you want to get a budget and work to do in a big corporation, that's exactly how you should do it. You simply need to drop your petty concerns about the quality of your work at start looking at building your own personal fiefdom within the empire. Learn the critical formula, success = ass_kissing + buzzword_compliance , and you're off on your magical race to the middle! Within 20 years, you'll be staring at the layoff pink slip in your hand, looking back on a life of mediocrity and forward to being unhireable anywhere else, wondering what went wrong. Who cares? It's not like he's taking their money. edit: I'm not losing sleep over someone hurting the feelings of venture capitalists by publicly saying he didn't take their money when offered. Just as I doubt they're losing sleep over the companies they turn down. It'll be interesting to find out the root cause, assuming it ever comes out. Malice or stupidity? Did someone do an oops within the Outlook team (or some other team), or are they under attack? DNS problems are at least partly affecting the microsoft.com homepage as well. While looking at this, I saw some other temporary DNS fails as well, including HN, Google News, and Twitter. But all came back quickly, except for Outlook/Microsoft domains. (I'm in Minnesota) I'm trying to shift my habits around myself. Going from the problem/solution perspective, my problem is that I need to work in time for my startup around my dayjob hours. If I wait until evening to work on startup, I'm already tired and it's conflicting with life stuff. So I'm trying to have at least two hours a day before dayjob starts. The blocker is that I often just drone late at night, surfing/shopping or watching tv. It's not productive time. So I'm kind of forcing myself to go to bed early, 11pm at the latest, and using a silent alarm (Fitbit Force) to get myself up and avoid the snooze button. The hardest part has been dealing with when life forces me to stay up late anyway, not breaking the habit. So anyone who questions merit vs privilege is "Marxist"? Maybe I'm just dumb, but I don't see any Marxism here. I'm a liberal who believes strongly in meritocracy. The problem starts with limitations of opportunity. I grew up poor, in a poorly educated family, and I appreciate just how difficult it is to grow out of circumstance. There are two separate problems here: What opportunities you have, and what you do with the opportunities you have. The latter is where merit comes in. The former is where the -isms live. Those who are fighting disadvantages must spend tremendous amounts of personal energy just getting to be on the level, merit-based ground. Now, I think the author is fundamentally wrong in a lot of ways. She's faulting Silicon Valley itself, but I think the problems are upstream, and she did basically no analysis on that. So white males are getting the majority of venture deals? What's the ratio of deals applied to deals received? White males are the ones looking for venture deals and other Silicon Valley entrepreneurial stuff. No one is stopping women, minorities, etc from doing the same thing, and I doubt there's a significant punishment for them compared to the other 99+% of companies that get rejected. And another thing she glossed over is the meritocracy of simply getting to that point. You don't get to waltz in and get showered with angel money just because you're white and male. You have to deliver. Those institutional biases to twenty-something Stanford CS dropouts reflect both the kind of people likely to succeed, and the kind of people likely to choose the path at all. So while the article itself is mostly a fail, there's some truth to it. Whining about how liberals hate merit, on the other hand, is just political nonsense. Nonsense. "Cultural Marxism"? When did Marx talk about culture in that way? He spoke very directly of class and economics. What similarities are you perceiving here? Expectations of equal opportunity are far different from the inversion of political subjugation that Marx proposed. Honestly, I think you're just tossing the word "Marxist" in as a form of name-calling, with no viable connection to your point. To be fair, if you accept the premise that Silicon Valley is driven by power and prejudice rather than merit (for the record, I reject it), then clearly, pg is part of the problem. That doesn't mean you reject his argument, it means you ignore it as an irrelevant analogy. I think it's a lot more interesting to take pg's argument in a different direction. If you accept the premise that intellect is evenly distributed regardless of race or gender (for the record, I accept it), then why is mathematics dominated by white males? Because it's an observable fact. Start applying Five Whys and see what happens. The problem, I think, is external to SV. It's not that women and minorities find themselves blocked within SV - it's that they don't get into that path in the first place. The problem starts long before someone gets the opportunity to drop out of Stanford CS to pursue their dream of selling Facebook for Cats to herd-mentality VCs. Alternately, when you assume there's nothing preventing someone from doing something, that doesn't mean there's nothing preventing it. First rule of debugging should be to not walk in with a bunch of assumptions and jump to conclusions based on them. Start following out the logic of your concluding sentence, and it leads to "groups of people are unsuccessful because they are lazy and/or stupid". Is that really a conclusion you expect to reach, or that sounds right to you? If not, then maybe your assumptions are flawed. I'm a pretty powerful extrovert, but I need alone time on a regular basis to decompress and not be "on stage" for a bit. I have a friend with a very similar personality in this regard. Sometimes we'll get where we can be around each other, but not anyone else - so we have company, but company that gets it. My wife is an introvert. We find parties and big social activities exhausting in very different ways. Her, because it involves a lot of social interaction she doesn't want to do. Me, because I feel I must go around and charm everyone, which is actually very tiring. It depends on the family. Hell, I drop a couple thou a year helping my retired mother financially, as she has zero money and zero sense with whatever little money she gets. My family has always been dirt poor (and those who are still dirt poor look enviously and somewhat resentfully on me and my one sister who also achieved a comfortable middle class life). My wife's family, on the other hand, is solidly upper middle class all around. Her grandfather worked from a Kansas dust bowl Depression childhood to a Harvard MBA and probably several million in net worth. Several of them are "qualified investors" in the legal sense and could angel-fund a startup. But I won't ask them for a cent, not even take it if it was offered. Why? Because they're family , and not blood family at that. If I took investment money from them and it failed, I would be paying for it in non-financial ways for the rest of my life, and my wife would be paying even worse. Even asking would be a tremendous misstep of the delicate dance of family. So yeah, even if Grammaw and Uncle Barry have twenty grand to invest doesn't mean there's anything "casual" about it. I should add that I've been "Uncle Barry" too. One of my poor sisters and her daughter tried to get me to loan them ten grand to help start a business, and I refused. Why? Because their plan was nonsense. I think they have a good $20-30k/year idea, which is great, but they were absolutely convinced that it's a $100k business - something I consider impossible upon running various numbers and the limitations of hands-on work. If they're not willing to be realistic about their scope, I'm not going to hand them money to pour down a hole. Two years isn't enough to judge whether an idea is bad or not, either. "Labor is not the source of all wealth." -Karl Marx (from your link) It would appear that Marx rejected the Labor Theory of Value. So do I, for that matter. It does not account for the quality of labor, scarcity, or demand. Labor is a factor in value, but it's not the only factor, or even the primary one in many cases. Leaving behind the 19th century anarchists who were still wrapping their heads around an economy that didn't even exist yet, modern practitioners of the labor theory of value are classic examples of theorists in denial of reality. If the theory and reality are at odds, then clearly reality must be wrong, correct? But they're also pretty irrelevant outside their little ivory towers. Power is collected by realists. Personally, I think it's much more interesting to consider where capitalism fails at measuring value - basically, the idea that all value can be measured in terms of fungible currency, and anything that cannot be measured in currency therefore has no value. This problem sticks out like a sore thumb at awareness of externalized costs (or the lack of awareness, in the case of the hordes of neoliberal "conservative" fools who have no idea what a real free market looks like). But so much of value can't be measured in dollars. Are you not a normal person yourself? Do you not have problems? Go scratch your own itch! Just yesterday I chewed through a (pretty good) idea for a modern review-oriented site for gear-centric hobbies. As a guitarist and photographer, I read a lot of gear reviews, and the sites that provide them are often horrible to use - 2002-vintage antiques, or ugly and unnavigable, or both. But the hobbyists have well-used forums (awful ones), enough to make a living for some small time businesses. So the other night, I was researching Japanese kitchen knives, as I'm planning to get my daughter some for Christmas, and butted into the same problem. And I thought, "Wouldn't it be great if someone built a really modern review app and built hobby gear review sites with it?" I spent a couple of hours poring over the financial model for such a business, and decided it was a bad idea. Running on ad support and waiting for the content to build would be a slow, painful time with a fairly low income ceiling. But hey, want an idea? There's one. Run with it! Now how about something about their relationship with the venture capitalist, Gustavo Fring? The efforts they had to go to in order to convince him that they were personally trustworthy, his nefarious plans to steal their IP and put them out of business, etc? So Fring is more of an angel investor? Nah, the level of control he exerts more correctly reflects a VC (or maybe a buyout). Saying capitalism has a moral component is like saying thermodynamics has a moral component. Sadly, confusing beauty with morality has been a failing of Western thought since at least Aristotle. Just because capitalism is elegant doesn't mean it's "good" in a moral sense (or "evil" in a moral sense either). I don't think we "implement" capitalism. It just happens, like thermodynamics. The most brutal communist systems of the 20th century had thriving black markets. In America, we ban drugs, and marijuana becomes the biggest cash crop in several states. Capitalism happens as long as two parties can barter in a satisfactory way. That's why I react so negatively to associating capitalism with morality. It beocmes an excuse. It's nice to see Reason, the voice of mainstream American libertarianism, getting behind this idea. I think it's possible to win over significant elements of the left as well (although you'd probably have to fight labor and others that benefit from the current political structure). I've thought for a while that a libertarian/liberal alliance makes far more sense and could shake the American political system far more effectively than the current structure where the libertarians are unhappy puppets of the Republicans. This is the issue that could make it work. There used to be an "anything goes" series… the original Can-Am (1966-1986) - what Car and Driver called "the vehicular equivalent of great white sharks in a goldfish bowl". The regulations were basically "two seats, enclosed fenders". There was effectively no regulation of engine size or configuration, or of aerodynamics. It was abandoned in part due to extreme cost, and in part due to the safety problems. The last straw for Can-Am, really, was Porsche simply pouring money into it with the 917 until no one could compete with them, rendering the racing kind of boring. Tight regulation in F1 and other racing forms keeps the focus on the driver, not the car. In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they are not. Even circle tracks have tremendous local variation from a racing point of view. What matters to me in Dasani's story, and what should matter to many of us, is how difficult it is for children with real talent and ambition to escape their circumstances. Think about the temptations that must be in front of her - sure, her mind and her strength and her beauty could eventually lift her out of poverty, but they could also make her a phenomenally successful drug dealer or thief. Or frustration could drive her to wasting her mind with drugs, or committing small stupid crimes that put her in the revolving door of prisons. I grew up poor, although not as poor as her. I know how frustrating and difficult it is for talented, ambitious children. I got lucky, but there were so many ways it could have gone wrong, and nearly did. But here's what worries me, and should worry lots of people. Call it arrogance, but I firmly believe real progress in our society is made by those top few percent with both the talent and ambition to do something new, something dangerous and important. Most people either can't or won't. So when society wastes one of them in the ghetto, it hurts all of us. When you're poor, $100 is a tremendous amount of money. When you're poor, homeless, and don't own a car, moving refrigerators is not practical. When you're poor and living in a nightmare hole of a shelter, your nice new fridge might well be just taken from you. Who the hell spends 2 hours a day walking? Healthy people. My Fitbit defaults to wanting to see 10k steps a day, and 5 miles a day, which is more than 10k steps for my stride. My daily average steps is a bit over 8400 (including jogging for a bit less than 5k twice a week or so), and my average mileage is 3.8. I typically take one walk a day during work, for maybe 1000 steps. "Anti-diversification"? Is the industry becoming less diverse? I'm a big fan of doing things to improve the gender and racial balance of my industry, but I'm not at all convinced that it's actually getting worse instead of better. This isn't completely representative of the industry, because it's measuring academic behavior, not professional behavior. So the problem is occurring not in the "industry", but rather in high school and early college, when students are being directed toward majors. How do we address it there? How do we convince girls going into college and African-American students to pursue programming as a profession? This is all the more maddening to me because I think computing as a profession and as a community is far less hostile in terms of race and gender than most career paths. The meritocracy, while hardly the libertarian paradise its beneficiaries like to imagine it is, is still quite real. It's very easy to create a situation where you are truly measured by the quality of your work. So rather than asking why the programming profession is hostile to women and minorities, you should be asking why society is hostile to women and minorities entering the profession in the first place. I'm really excited about this release, particularly because of the new labels and uniqueness constraints functionality. I'm using Neo4J as the back end for my own startup, and I switched to 2.0 a little while ago for development. It required some rethinking to eliminate hacks that I had to get around the lack of label-like functionality. Big win! My wife breastfed our boy/girl twins. I wonder where that fits in? I totally feel your pain. I'm in the same boat, day-jobbing while trying to bootstrap a startup. What I hate are the weeks where life interferes and suddenly I've gotten almost nothing done for a week. But keep your eye on the prize. Work toward liberating yourself from the day job. You may not work any less, but at least you'll be working entirely for yourself. Which is crazier? A year or two of super-long hours to free yourself from the dayjob, or just working 40 hours a week for someone else until you're too old to do it anymore? I'm in the same boat, doing a spare-time startup while holding a day job. And I"m not young - my kids are grown. But I'm paying for their college, so I can't just quit and do the startup full-time, not until I've got it generating at least a little cashflow. The trick is to overwork but try to get on the shortest (leanest) path to revenue. But keep in mind that not everyone is doing a startup to get rich. Getting rich is a nice side effect, but the heart of it for me, and for a lot of others, is personal freedom.