> Once you begin with the premise of “I need an open source business model”, it leads you down a path of “I need to monetize my project” rather than “I need to build a product that delivers value”. This is exactly how I feel as well. I am working on an open source to-do list + calendar ( https://getartemis.app ), source at ( https://github.com/satvikpendem/Artemis ), and I try to subscribe to the same philosophy as Sentry[1] and Ghost[2], two popular products that are also open source but do not avoid generating revenue because of that. One must always strive to compete, whether it be through business model, or more often, product. You can release a good proprietary product, or similarly, a bad open source product; the quality of being open source does not necessarily add nor detract from the quality of the product itself. Sure, one can `git clone` the product, but due to the other factors in the business, the "soft skills" such as marketing, branding, sales and general business development, no one can reliably copy the company still generate substantial revenue [3]. This is not to say, however, that if your company is infrastructure such as a database, that no one will copy and monetize that better than you; they may, even in general usage of the product, but what is missing is the lack of vertical integration within the product. A database is just a part used in the whole of a new product, not the whole in and of itself. That is why if I desire to make substantial revenue from an open sourced product, I would make it a fully integrated product, just as any proprietary one, and that is what I am to do with Artemis. [1] - https://github.com/getsentry/sentry [2] - https://github.com/TryGhost/Ghost [3] - https://ghost.org/about/ I'm creating an open source todo list + calendar webapp ( https://getartemis.app , source at https://github.com/satvikpendem/artemis ) made by just me, and I can tell you how I approached the problem. The video you see on the front page does not exist in code, it is simply a prototype designed with Figma ( https://figma.com ) and animated with Principle ( https://principleformac.com ). I created the landing page and video, added a Mailchimp form, and I posted on Twitter, Reddit, and here on Hacker News, the communities in which it made sense. For me, it's a productivity / task management tool, so I would post on reddit.com/r/getdisciplined or reddit.com/r/productivity. It's all about creating a minimum viable product, as you might well be aware, but what you may not know is that an MVP need not have code. Indeed, it could be a video as I did, and I think for software, a video works best as people can actually see what it looks and feels like, without you necessarily creating the product architecture (full frontend and backend plus devops etc). Now I have over 150 subscribers in only a month due to rapid creation of this type of MVP, and based on this feedback, I changed my designs, and only now I am beginning to really create the heart of the product. Using non-code MVPs is the best way in my opinion to sell quickly before building. I'm creating an open source todo list + calendar webapp ( https://getartemis.app , source at https://github.com/satvikpendem/artemis ) made by just me, and I can tell you how I approached solo development. I sell first before coding anything. The video you see on the front page does not exist in code, it is simply a prototype designed with Figma ( https://figma.com ) and animated with Principle ( https://principleformac.com ). I created the landing page and video, added a Mailchimp form, and I posted on Twitter, Reddit, and here on Hacker News, the communities in which it made sense. For me, it's a productivity / task management tool, so I would post on reddit.com/r/getdisciplined or reddit.com/r/productivity. It's all about creating a minimum viable product, as you might well be aware, but what you may not know is that an MVP need not have code. Indeed, it could be a video as I did, and I think for software, a video works best as people can actually see what it looks and feels like, without you necessarily creating the product architecture (full frontend and backend plus devops etc). Now I have over 150 subscribers in only a month due to rapid creation of this type of MVP, and based on this feedback, I changed my designs, and only now I am beginning to really create the heart of the product. Using non-code MVPs is the best way in my opinion to sell quickly before building. I'm a somewhat frequent contributor on IndieHackers actually. To promote the page, I basically posted it everywhere I could (without getting banned) and started asking my friends to critique the site. When applicable, I would also answer questions on fora as I am now. In terms of time, I'm not really sure, it's an on and off commitment as I also have a job. Anything other questions or anything you're working on as well? Many subreddits have rules on when you can do self promotion, such as a separate thread or a specific day for posting. That's when I do it. [See this post for example]( https://old.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/comments/a3oz48/meth... ). As well, you can see in that post that I don't directly promote my app but instead I ask questions regarding the process by which people schedule their day. Provide value without expecting value in return. If you look on [/r/entrepreneur](www.reddit.com/r/entrepreneur), you can see some posts where people use their blog posts as a reddit post, which provides value for those who don't read their specific blog. Then, you can link back to your own blog at the end of the post. In doing so, you provide value before you promote yourself, and so any products or services you then promote will be associated with quality to your readerbase. The vast, vast majority of people who buy new phones don't care about security. They buy them because they're the "new shiny thing." I follow you on Twitter! Great content, as always. This is exactly it. I'm building https://getartemis.app , which, as you can see on the home page, has an automatic muted video playing of the demonstration of the product. Most people without such autoplay will not want to click play, and thus my email sign-ups will decrease, which is the same rationale as every other site with autoplaying videos. When I first learned Chrome disabled autoplaying videos, I converted my video, which was around 500 kB, to a GIF, which was now 30 MB, with a noticeable decrease in smoothness and quality. Companies will not stop autoplaying videos, they will merely find other ways around it, because autoplaying videos work for the vast majority of users. If you go to your local supermarket, you will see many branded items with varied fonts and pictures. This packaging is essentially an ad for the item. If you removed that, which you could do, as some brands like Brandless have done, people would not know what to buy. The packaging itself provides value. So too with ads online. Actually, in some cases, they do. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masterpiece_Cakeshop_v._Colora... You would like Vue's Single File Components, where HTML, JS, and CSS are all in one file. It's great. Worse, USA It's basically an RSS feed of people rather than sites. I get a lot of tech and programming info from it, as well as networking with high profile individuals. Perhaps, if they have an interesting justification for doing so, I could see accepting it. They might just be young-faced individuals that want to increase their network and you might have a mutual sharing of ideas. Is this true even if I'm solving a problem for myself primarily? Would talking to other people fragment my focus on what I should be creating? Or would you say that this is not the case? Perhaps it's not a necessary but rather sufficient condition of evaluating consciousness. Humans may have other metrics with which to be evaluated. Paul Graham wrote about the advantages ITA had by using Lisp, interestingly enough. http://www.paulgraham.com/icad.html SEEKING WORK - East Coast, USA - Fully Remote I run a machine learning and data science dev agency ( https://arialabs.io ), particularly for high growth startups and established companies, usually for big projects. How it usually works is we talk with you to figure out your problems, and solve them with a custom assembled team from around the world. We also do projects integrating web apps with backend machine learning pipelines. For example, we created a messenger app that automatically runs machine learning prediction jobs in the background and displays them through the app. Technologies: - Python - TensorFlow - Keras - Pandas - Other ML and DS related libraries - Web technologies - React, Vue, other JS libraries - Node and other backend technologies Problems solved: - Clients (lab scientists) wanted to efficiently clean and categorize lab research data. We ran OCR on the handwriting, and used NLP to categorize the types of data from a previous training dataset with a 95% accuracy level. - Client (a big consulting company with many employees traveling) wanted a messenger app to book flights and hotels directly from various messengers such as Slack. We used NLP to automatically parse and identify intent for the incoming data from these messengers, searched optimal flight and hotel combos, sent the data back through the messengers, and automatically booking these flights and hotels if wanted, saving many hours of manual searching by executive assistants. - Client (an Amazon product seller) wanted to raise and lower prices based on product demand in real time. We built a custom solution that would analyze many factors on Amazon to figure out when and under which conditions to set a specific price for each product. Price: $100k+ USD. The clients above either saved or made tens to hundreds of times more in revenue through our efforts. Email me at satvik (at) arialabs (dot) io, or just fill out the form at https://arialabs.io Location: East Coast, USA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: Python : TensorFlow, Keras, Pandas, Other machine learning and data science related libraries ; Web technologies : React, Vue, Node, other JS etc. Resume: My name is Satvik Pendem and I run a machine learning dev agency called Aria Labs ( https://arialabs.io ). We primarily use Python and associated libraries for machine learning related tasks (Tensorflow, Keras, Pandas, etc), and we also create web apps (React, Vue, Node, etc) that combine the backend machine learning predictions with a great user interface to make a cohesive product rather than simply a trained model. Here are some problems that we've solved in the past: - Client (a big consulting company with many employees traveling) wanted a messenger app to book flights and hotels directly from various messengers such as Slack. We used NLP to automatically parse and identify intent for the incoming data from these messengers, searched optimal flight and hotel combos, sent the data back through the messengers, and automatically booked these flights and hotels if wanted, saving hours of manual searching by executive assistants and generating 20% more billable hours. - Client (an Amazon product seller) wanted to raise and lower prices based on product demand in real time. We built a custom solution that would analyze many factors on Amazon to figure out when and under which conditions to set a specific price for each product. This generated more than $10 million over the previous year for this client. - Clients (lab scientists) wanted to efficiently clean and categorize lab research data. We ran OCR on the handwriting, and used NLP to categorize the types of data from a previous training dataset with a 95% accuracy level. Email: satvik@arialabs.io I've heard the adage, Be the best version of yourself you can possibly be. Become your Platonic ideal. Try Revery [0], written in ReasonML [1], a dialect of OCaml created by Facebook. It's high performant as it's compiled into native code. [0] https://github.com/revery-ui/revery [1] https://reasonml.github.io This is what Spacemacs and I think Evil Mode do as well For native, there is Brisk[0], "A cross-platform set of tools for building native UIs with Reason/OCaml. The goal of the project is to allow developers efficiently create fast, native apps for all major platforms. It's the best of both worlds: speed and portability, simplicity and great APIs." [0] https://github.com/briskml/brisk I'm ready for when I can have my books read to me with machine learning à la WaveNet or similar, effectively cutting out the middleman and making a very cheap audiobook version. Google Books can already do this with epubs but it's not at the same level as a professional audiobook however. I assume the commentor you were replying to was being sarcastic. It is much more approachable, especially moreso than JSX. It combines the benefits of React but with single file components where HTML, JS, and CSS are all included in one file. https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/single-file-components.html If you really want to, make it AGPL and most companies, especially large ones like FAANG, won't touch it due to the virality of the license. I am a software engineer. I recognize the need for good tools, as computers. In the end of the piece I imply that tool use in and of itself is not bad of course, nor that one shouldn't strive to use better tools. However, one should not strive to research tools as a end in and of itself rather than the means to do real work. Don't spend a literal week of time researching. This is the crux of what I aimed to say. I spent so much time researching tools that I forgot what I really wanted to do, and in that same amount of time, had I spent it doing the work I wanted to do, I would have finished the project. I talk about true obsession over material things rather than mere research of them. The latter is fine, but the former can have severe psychological consequences. This is my first attempt at writing a blog post and maintaining a blog. I wanted to write with interesting prose that still has clarity. It has two parts, a section for general topics and ideas I've thought about, and another for practical tutorials, mostly about programming and personal discipline. It's just HTML and CSS for now but I'm interested in using ReasonML, React, and some static site generator in React such as Gatsby and react-static. Do check out other pieces on the main page for other interesting topics (most yet forthcoming) and let me know what you think: https://satvikpendem.com As well, not to plug myself too thoroughly, but the project I was working on mentioned in the article is a todo list + calendar web app for those who'd like to time box their day: https://getartemis.app I see, so you think I should continue to iterate and try to solve the problems I purport to solve, even if it doesn't reach an idealized version? Not to plug my own product here, but I'm working on a todo list + calendar app ( https://getartemis.app ) because I think I am the same way as you (even though I don't have diagnosed ADHD specifically) with regards to todo list apps. I want to know exactly what I'm doing at all times, as it's too easy to procrastinate with a todo list ("I can just do it later..."). Google Calendar doesn't have the same advantages of tracking even though it works well for knowing what to do when; it can't for example, track that you're working in a specific project with its own subtasks, as each event/task in GCal is discrete and has no semantic connection to another. Additonally, why can't I say, for example, that I want to work on a project for 10 hours a week, and my calendar automatically schedules it for me, to work on an hour and a half each day, based on some preferences like morning, afternoon, evening time periods? These are some of the things I want to address with my app. You may be interested in my app that has subtasks as calendar events: https://getartemis.app I only read the comments 99% of the time. This is usually because there are more interesting insights in the comments than in the post itself, and usually at least one person finds a mistake that renders the entire post nullified in its teachings. This may be a methodological error in a research article, a financial error in a business article, and so on. In the off chance that commentors say it's good enough to read, I skim it, and very rarely, I will read it in depth. They'll probably lose much more than $100k on the bug impacting their systems. For those who like React static sites but dislike the complexity of Gatsby and GraphQL, check out react-static. https://github.com/react-static/react-static YouTube example: https://youtube.com/watch?v=OqbJ5swVpDQ Isn't that basically natural selection? The Hardcore History podcast episodes on Genghis Khan (Wrath of the Khans) is quite good. If you've listened to it, is the book similar to the podcast? Perhaps they should switch over to Elixir instead. It's somewhat similar to Ruby, but the performance of the Erlang VM (BEAM) is second to one for multithreaded and multiprocessed workflows, as is usually the case for many clients on a server for a web app. Of course, Elixir is not as fast as say Rust or perhaps even Java for raw computational work, but I'd say the tradeoff is worth it. This approach was coined as "forced empathy"[0] by Chris Voss, author of the book on negotiating Never Split the Difference[1]. I would highly recommend reading it. Blackswan LTD is the consulting group he made based on his experiences, also mentioned in the book. [0] https://blog.blackswanltd.com/the-edge/the-1-tactic-for-nego... [1] https://info.blackswanltd.com/never-split-the-difference https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JfNAbUX_lN9K3MCNHO15... SEEKING WORK | US East Coast | Remote Full Stack Engineer with experience in machine learning as well. I have particular skill in melding backend machine learning and big data processing services and APIs (usually Python/Node) with a great frontend experience, usually in React. Frontend - React (Redux, Hooks etc) - Typescript (ES6+ and all the other JS build tools like Babel, Webpack etc :) ) - GraphQL Backend - Node / Express - MongoDB, Postgres - Elixir / Phoenix Machine Learning - Python - Tensorflow / Keras - Apache Spark DevOps - AWS / Lambda / Google Cloud - Ansible - Terraform - Docker - Kubernetes Looking for part-time positions, up to 20 hrs/week. Email: satvik@arialabs.io Resume: https://linkedin.com/in/satvikpendem for the latest version, resume reflects the same content as LinkedIn Correct, you can buy the commercial license if you don't want to open source. This is a benefit of AGPL to the creators, and should you choose to open source your product, to the community as well. If you don't have the money, you can negotiate with the creator for the price. Note that this is a pricing/business problem and not a license problem. The creator, knowing your plight, may offer a commercial license for free, or a cheap, negotiated price. Remember the Innovator's Dilemma. Worse is better for new products, because competitors over time add so many features that they become bloated, and so a newer entrant can create a basic version that doesn't have all the features, but it has the top 1 or 2 or even 3 features that most customers want, for a lower price. This usually will win out and the cycle continues :) I've used Fasthub for Android before which was great. There is also a fully libre / FLOSS version that has the paid features added in (which you can do since the entire app is GPL). I remember a Github issue where the creator was mad about it, but well, if you pick GPL you should know what you're getting into. https://github.com/k0shk0sh/FastHub https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.fastaccess.github.libre/ Read Patrick McKenzie's blog. In particular, this: https://training.kalzumeus.com/newsletters/archive/consultin... For one of our classes, we implemented a Google Maps clone, complete with turn by turn navigation as well (although no AI voice, just text). You can do the same if you wish [0]. Note that this project took us a semester, it might take you the same amount of time. The main insight is that 2D data can be represented by quad-trees, like binary trees but with 4 branches rather than two. This enables you to break up a square are into 4 parts, one for each branch, and further subdivide them. In each branch, you can store some information, such as a location or city. If there are two in a leaf, you break them down until there is only one piece of information in each leaf. This is just one type of quad-tree, there are others. Some subdivide each square evenly, some don't. Curiously, you can do the same sort of thing with oct-trees, with 8 leaves. In general it seems that for whatever number of dimensions N, you need a 2^N ary tree to represent its internal data. A binary tree works for a 1D line, everything to the left of the line and right of the line (this is how binary search works); quad-trees for northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest; oct-trees for those four, plus front and back; and so on. [0] http://www.cs.umd.edu/users/meesh/420/ProjectBook/ www.refactoringui.com/book is a great book/course that I used for designing my apps. I find that as well. I've also read Book of Why but it's difficult to know when and how to use them. Perhaps it's just more practice of writing causal diagrams, as Pearl seems to do with ease, just due to the years of practice he's had. Something like programming, I guess. I am not sure if this is covered in the podcast, but from the title, I wonder if in deep neural net research there are papers and implementations of a system 1 and 2 like model. One part of the neural net could be system 1 for fast decision making, and other could be system 2, with more deliberate analysis. They could communicate over some shared medium. The browser becomes the VM for all apps. I've been tinkering with React Native and it looks like you can do something quite similar to Proton Native here, while also targeting mobile platforms. Here is how you can cover the gamut of platforms: - iOS and Android - React Native - Web - React Native Web - macOS - Apple's Project Catalyst (run iPad apps on macOS) - Windows - React Native Windows by Microsoft - Linux - none yet, you could use Electron but that's undesirable Perhaps one could instead use Proton Native for desktop and React Native for mobile, I wonder what the code sharing capabilities are for that. I love Udemy. I've learned so much from their courses, including React and Flutter most recently. Our employer has an unlimited subscription which is great for checking out a lot of these courses, I definitely don't watch every single one available however, but enrolling in a few courses of the same topic shows me what's possible with some technology and which teacher is the best. I personally prefer Andrew Mead's courses as he actually waits for you to complete a part by yourself before moving on, which I don't see as concretely with other teachers like Girder or Schwarzmüller, who sometimes say to try it on your own, but Mead actually has a moment where you can pause the video and try it, built into the course. With regards to not having informational density, I've solved this problem by downloading the courses locally [0] and watching them at 4x speed. In a browser, you could set `querySelector("video").playbackRate = 4`, but since the video changes every few minutes, especially at high speed, this isn't too useful. I've actually made a Chromium extension that changes the video/audio playback speed globally since I watch a lot of YouTube at 4x speed as well [1], but again it isn't smart enough to detect when an underlying video source has changed. Therefore, I use a local player, SMPlayer in specific [2], which is an mpv-based player. The problem, however, is that Chrome is very good at allowing you to understand voices at high speed, and nearly every other player, such as Firefox [3] and others, do not. This seems to be because they saccade the audio, where they skip parts of it, so that it sounds tinny or not understandable (edit: looks like it's fixed in Firefox!). Chrome does not use this approach. I've tried loading playlists into Chrome for this exact purpose, to simply use it as a video player, but the tab crashes because the video files are too large. Now, we return to the local player, SMPlayer. SMPlayer, as it uses mpv, is able to pass any command line options to mpv. In this case, we are able to change the time-stretching amount by ourselves instead of waiting for Firefox or another player to do so. To do so, go to Options -> General -> Multimedia Engine: mpv, and then Options -> Advanced -> MPlayer/mpv tab -> Options: --speed=4, Audio filters: scaletempo=stride=10. You can play around with the speed and stride, but for the stride, around 8-20 sounds good [4]. It's still not as good as Chrome but it's usable and understandable. I wonder if there's a full way to solve this bug. Edit: Looks like from [3], someone figured out that you can use the following filters with mpv as well. This just adds the overlap and search arguments in the audio filters. This sounds significantly better than without the overlap and search arguments as above, Chrome level basically. mpv --af=scaletempo=stride=8:overlap=1:search=10 --speed=4 test.mp3 Anyway, hopefully this helps others move through content faster. You might balk at 4x, but you need to start at something smaller, like 2x, before gradually moving up in speed. I like experiencing content at high speeds personally, and I use similar hacks for other media as well, such as audiobooks and podcasts. For audiobooks (on Android), I use a fork of the Voice Audiobook player [5] which supports speeds up to 6x because the original author did not seem to want to raise the maximum listening rate, citing simplicity concerns for most people. As well, it also seems like only AntennaPod goes up to 4x for podcasts, most podcast players I've seen only go to 3x [6]. [0] Udeler - https://github.com/FaisalUmair/udemy-downloader-gui [1] Speed - https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/speed-global-video... [2] SMPlayer - https://www.smplayer.info/ [3] Firefox bug with time-stretching - https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1427267 [4] SMPlayer solution for time-stretching - https://forum.smplayer.info/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=9069 [5] Voice Audiobook Player fork - https://github.com/brandonocasey/Voice [6] AntennaPod - https://antennapod.org/ I've found this person's courses [0] to be very high quality, and they go through pretty advanced topics, such as convolutional neural networks for natural language processing, which might be to your point. [0] https://deeplearningcourses.com/course_order The word "gif" now means both the format GIF, and also any generic short, looping video on the Internet. As a result, you can just use a webm or other format, as Gfycat does, since it's highly compressible and no viewer actually cares about the underlying format, only the content. https://nextjs.org/ It's a server side rendered framework for React. It can also do static sites but doesn't have as many plugins as Gatsby JS, which focuses on static site building with React. I am looking into a Threadripper 3990x (64 cores) with Proxmox, which is free, rather than dealing with licensing with ESXi and all that. Literally has not meant what you perceive it to mean, as a wholly intentional and really existing condition, since at least the 18th century. Your response seems to nitpick to the point of pedantry, rather than addressing the steel-manned version of the argument, or even necessarily arguing the argument itself. That would honestly be preferable. It cuts down the noise, however Facebook-like reactions may seem. If it drives action, no. However, being angry all the time isn't very productive. It's the same principle as adrenalin. https://web.archive.org/web/20150928214855/http://news.ycomb... I found this Hacker News simulator in the archive. You could also look into /r/subredditsimulator for related stuff. It's a hard question to answer. It's healthy in that it encourages discussion due to skeptics of all kinds. However, it can get very pedantic at times, where some people nitpick not over the post itself but some non-pertinent detail about the post, such as the title, website loading speed, trackers, and so on; the content metadata, as it were, rather than the content itself. This is quite annoying to read through. If I were to make a new forum, I'd want something like the following stipulations for posters: - Steel-man all arguments: consider the best possible interpretation of the argument, and if you need to, consider playing the devil's advocate not only for the post you are replying to, but also your own post. I've written a lot of philosophy papers and they strongly advocate this point, that you must consider each and every single counter objection. I know that HN rules include consideration of the best possible interpretation, but it may not be enforced strictly enough. - Do not comment if you cannot do the above. This includes short one sentence comments that should be permitted if they truly and exemplarily contribute to the conversation, such as a necessary piece of information. Too often I see pithy quotes or humor, which, while interesting, are not very suitable to argumentation in the formal sense. - Focus on the main content, not metadata. As above, many posters comment on something that is not part of the content but its metadata. This goes hand in hand with the "best possible interpretation" clause. If you so feel the need to nitpick over the title, do so only after addressing the content at hand. How does one achieve this? People run on incentives, so the design of the forum must incentivize people to act in this way. On one end you have Twitter, which incentivizes short, flame-baiting "hot takes" over long-form discussion. This is inherently and entirely due to the _design_ of the site alone, where the 140 (now 280) character limit creates these incentives. On the other hand, you have academic paper communities, which incentivize understanding long-form content lest a reader misunderstands a paper, creates an opposing paper, publishes it, and is socially ridiculed for not having noticed the misunderstanding sooner. In other words, the design of the forum incentivizes the reader to digest content fully. The hypothetical forum would stand somewhere in the middle. Now, to achieve this in practice, versus theory, there are certain designs you can have to do so: - Strict moderation. This is similar to the moderation levels of /r/AskScience or /r/AskHistorians on Reddit where low-effort comments and even branches are removed. This is the easiest to implement technologically but also the hardest sociologically, due to needing manpower and choosing acceptable moderators. - No downvoting, and no showing numbers of votes. HN does this well to some extent, but you still see branches downvoted for differing opinions. Perhaps one can only downvote or report posts with a rational reason, basically held to the same standards as if they were to reply to it. - Randomizing content to a certain degree. HN and Reddit have algorithms to do this so that the top-most content is not always shown. - Sorting and filtering any and all posts based on content and votes. This is more of a convenience feature but I wish more sites could let you sort and filter by certain tags or number of votes, and by date, like reddit and HN with the Algolia search. That's what I've thought of for now, I know it doesn't exactly answer your question but these were a few things that annoy me about most fora. Yeah I suppose they are different modes, I see comments exclusively nitpicking things without any other discussion, and I see other comments not doing any nitpicking. The balance is most likely nitpick only after you've addressed the main points, just like in real life. You wouldn't talk to someone and only comment on their grammar for example, without discussion the content of what they're talking about. The version is called 2004 so presumably April 2020 unless there are delays due to COVID-19. Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki was also quite interesting, it's all about the feeling of detached loneliness and trying to rectify it, in this case due to some catastrophic incident, but loneliness nonetheless. I also liked his What I Talk About When I Talk About Running, it's more philosophical and about the progress of art, the nature of creation. Hasura can run as a Backend as a Service, ie standalone with a direct connection to your database and nothing else. For custom queries you can use Hasura Actions. Prisma and others like Apollo server are libraries you need to add to your Node app, ie not standalone. They give you more customization because you control the entire server and what functions to run. The difference is just in how custom you want it and how much setup you don't want to do. Like ? Or something more complex? What's the problem exactly? I assume you looked into putting that input element inside a dialog element and it didn't work, is that the issue? Yes, landing pages are places where you can use static HTML, CSS, and JS. However, React (and similar frameworks) might still be better, especially with a landing page with multiple parts. This is because React combines two different paradigms, one of creation and one of distribution. In creation, React breaks up large parts into smaller components. In distribution, it renders them at runtime, not build time (with a standard create-react-app app). However, there is no reason to have both at once. Components make the page easy to reason about, and they can be used to compile a site at build time, as Svelte does. React also has its own libraries for this, like Gatsby and Next JS. You do say that the landing pages have low volume but they can certainly grow to encompass a larger amount of things, such as multiple feature pages or a blog, so I'd rather not rewrite everything later on. You could also use Web Components but they don't have as much support and are generally not as good as React (one can disagree of course), so I like to use React + Gatsby to build the pages at compile time and use them without any Javascript whatsoever [0] but still have the developer experience of creating a page via components. [0] https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-no-javascrip... It looks very Flutter-like, with Column, Text, and other elements. It seems it renders to canvas potentially, not sure though, if that's how the cross platform compatibility works, also like Flutter. I notice that in many of these GUI frameworks that effort is duplicated. Flutter creates a lot of widgets for iOS and Android, but if you don't want to use Dart, we'll, you'll have to reimplement those widgets yourself again. Instead, what should happen is that they should compile to a standard format, most likely WASM, and then you can use any language (that targets WASM, which I think will be most of them in the future) to interface with those widgets or components. They can be in the form of a canvas renderer such as Skia, which is what Google uses for Chrome and Flutter, and also used by some other GUI projects like Revery for ReasonML. This way, there's one common format and people can write the functionality code in whatever language they'd like. Not to the same extent though. Usually they're provided as mixins which can be useful but aren't as powerful because there is programmaticity to them, they simply output HTML without consideration for the life cycle of a site, if any. Again, useful if your site is simple, but anything more and it gets complicated, even for a landing page as these days landing pages have a lot more dynamic parts. OpenGL would be cool. Skia is nice because it's designed for UI as opposed to other uses. I'm not sure what other alternatives for Skia exist however. These days, I simply don't. I used to have multiple ways of storing content but I found that they were write only, as I never went back and read what I was storing. These days, I simply read the article now or don't bother with it, rather than procrastinating on reading it. Just use a web extension like Dark Reader, it renders dark mode for all pages. I use GraphQL for most new projects nowadays and I like the types and fetching only what you need, if that's what you're talking about. For applications it's actually quite good, if you use the WASM renderer instead of the DOM based one. I say for applications and not websites as this method will not have any SEO since it renders onto a canvas element. It does have accessibility as Flutter constructs a separate semantic tree on top that accessibility devices can read. So Flutter Web is pretty nice if you're not making a forum for example but moreso any type of CRUD or business app where text is not a big factor. Of course, since it's Flutter you can then build mobile and desktop apps as well from your application for those who want more control. Looks like a few people are starting to create their own budgeting apps. I've seen Lunch Money in the space for multi-currency support. I'm also building an app, using Flutter and some backend server/database, haven't decided yet. Main features I'm thinking about: - Open source, self hostable with a paid hostable subscription option that syncs to different devices. Unfortunately one time payments don't really cut it for sustained development. - Native performing clients for web, mobile, and desktop (iOS, Android, Windows, macOS, Linux are all supported by Flutter, but the app will not necessarily have native UI though). This can be done through Flutter which compiles ahead of time without running on a JS VM like Electron or React Native. Hopefully you should get good performance. - On the feature side of things, rolling daily/weekly/monthly budgets, with the envelope system where you allocate a budget per day/week/month and try not to go over it. If you do, you'll have to pull from another budget. Also gonna have a way to budget for some event in the future, and split up that amount into timeperiod based increments. For example, if you estimate you want to take a 6k vacation in a year, the app would help you budget 500 a month. - Undecided on whether it should be manual transaction entry only or whether it should integrate with banks, Venmo, and the like. Some people like one, and not the other. - Analysis over timescales and categories. Especially annoying in Mint to mark a merchant like "AMZN" into "Amazon" and not have it propagate across all findings of the word "AMZN". - Similar to analysis, have forecasting as to what I might spend in the future. This can be from recurring transactions, pattern recognition and the like. - Have good splits. Other apps don't let you split money easily, if from Venmo or whatnot. If I split dinner with a friend, I don't want to see that I've spent all of it in my food budget, only that I actually spent half and my friend recompensated me. What else would you want? I have, at least for the free trial amount. It didn't really stick for me, because of no mobile app so I can't add transactions on the go, and the budgets just seemed...forgiving? I want to control my spending, I don't want to be told it's okay and that I can spend more. At least for me, I want hard cut offs. It's a fine service, it just didn't work for me necessarily. I also don't use their multi-currency support as I don't travel or have multiple currencies. Do you have a link to this Money app, or perhaps a news source? I only found the older desktop version from some time age when searching Microsoft Money app. Just note that if you're making something that needs to rebuild, such as a blog, it will take time for new pages to build into static sites. You can get around this by making template files into which the API will dump data. I would advise you check out Gatsby for JAMStack, they seem to be the best for this stack currently. Thanks Jen, looking forward to it. I've heard about your story from IndieHackers, very inspiring, it made me want to create an app for my budgeting needs as well. That may be true for you, but I like the flow of the kiosks, where I can take my time and not be rushed, and I don't have to interact with someone just to take an order. I'm not sure why it has to be a process that requires a human at all, just to be a cashier. Regarding 1, skeumorphism looks fake, because it is, since we're not using physical controls on a digital device anymore, so the metaphors are not as useful. Vector art, as you say, is less physical but conforms to digital devices better. Now neumorphism is up and coming, but I think it still looks bad, for the same reasons as skeumorphism. What do people think of services like www.undraw.co, or www.humaaans.com? I like them, even if they are overused. I think we're beginning to see an evolution of this style to start using more gradients, as we did about 10 years ago: - community - https://dribbble.com/shots/11051166-community - Miracle - https://dribbble.com/shots/10836129-Miracle - Together - https://dribbble.com/shots/10804716-Together You should check out Flutter then, it compiles to native machine code for mobile and desktop (Android, iOS, Windows, macOS, Linux are all supported with native compilation), and uses WASM for web. It's a much more performant solution than Electron. Only thing is the official Flutter desktop implementations are unstable for production, but there are unofficial implementations which are stable [0] [1]. You can use those until the official implementation is stable. You can also use Dart's FFI if you want but since it's compiled instead of interpreted like JS and Electron, you probably don't need to, the performance will be there. You also said you don't like the layout system, but there are packages for that [2]. Let me know what else you would find annoying, there are usually packages for most things. There are even algebraic data types in Dart through code generation. [0] https://github.com/flutter-rs/flutter-rs [1] https://github.com/go-flutter-desktop/go-flutter [2] https://github.com/ReinBentdal/styled_widget I can't see a Rust framework becoming one of the top web frameworks simply by virtue that Rust is more complex to learn and implement than Javascript. However, I can see your second point coming true, a fully native framework that eschews the DOM by compiling directly onto a canvas, just as a game compiled with WASM would. The prime example is Flutter Web, which has an experimental WASM renderer that displays onto a canvas. Of course, now they have to reimplement all of the functionality such as scrolling, accessibility and so on. It also somewhat addresses your second point, where you can compile to iOS and Android but also to the web so you can make a Flutter app a progressive web app. You can't say yes or no without qualifying your statement. What software specifically is worth getting a Mac for, for you? Google Glass is still used for enterprise. https://www.google.com/glass/start/ I see this concern a lot with Flutter or similar WASM -> canvas frameworks, and I think it's unfounded. Just because it's a canvas doesn't mean there's no accessibility. Indeed, even desktop apps are canvas like in that one cannot view the source and they can render using similar frameworks like Skia, or even Skia itself, yet they still have accessibility. Flutter's developers have specifically included accessibility settings that devs should use, such as Semantics widgets, just like aria labels for the web. Flutter also constructs a separate semantic DOM like tree that screen readers hook into. So there are both built in things and things that devs can use to make their projects more accessible. This video shows more about it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWbBgbmAdQs https://flutter.dev/docs/development/accessibility-and-local... https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/Semantics-class.html Looks good. I follow this 16 year old on Twitter named Ethan, and he's built something similar: https://kanbanmail.app . I know of him due to his prevalence in the indie maker community, and he streams his development on Twitch sometimes. What are you (hypothetically) building? You may not need VC as that isn't the only path to a software business. Many do so by simply making them profitable, charging money up front. Only take VC if you have an exponential growth opportunity. I don't mean merely superlinear, as in cubic or quadratic, but actually exponential growth. Your question seems to be searching for such an answer as the Indie Hackers forum, touted as founders (some solo, some groups) building profitable internet businesses. Exactly, think of these apps as more of a lead generation service, or a search engine even, and being on their platform, even losing money, is akin to taking out search engine ads. Sure, perhaps the first few times people you lose money, but you might gain more long term by having repeat customers, who may even order directly once they see how much they spend in service fees at the end of the receipt. I know I definitely have. The inclusion of algebraic data types, coming from someone who uses TypeScript on the frontend and functional languages on the backend, already makes Rust the best choice for me, and conversely makes Go a non-starter. Rust definitely takes longer but I've been learning it through the Book and also by doing the exercises on Exercism [0]. The exercises really help in understanding, as for example, I didn't understand borrowing too well until doing the prime number generator problem, using a sieve of Eratosthenes which can use a mutable vector of previous primes. [0] https://exercism.io/tracks/rust Apparently hyper focus can be a symptom of ADHD, and many people on HN seem to have realized they have ADHD as an adult through such symptoms. Perhaps you too could look into this. Use something like the Dark Reader extension, as I do. In the article they say they want to make 2k MRR in 2 months so it seems like there's some external pressure present. You can even compile your own custom kernel for it. I've had to do so in order to run some modules that the WSL 2 kernel currently doesn't have. That's interesting, I'm making something similar ( https://getartemis.app ). A lot of calendars don't seem to solve the issues of using tasks as events, as one does with time blocking. Then, tasks can't be easily moved around, duplicated, and so on, they're rigid on the calendar. It annoyed me so much that I wanted to make something myself. Something similar is Revery, written in ReasonML (OCaml) [0]. I saw some comments here about a WASM renderer-based editor, I think there is something in Flutter that is similar, where Flutter uses Skia to render its components. [0] https://github.com/revery-ui/revery You could use Flutter. It has the first point, but I am not necessarily sure about the latter ones. I tried using this a few months ago, as well as React Native for mobile and React Native Web for web, and I felt like they were all just hacks glued together to get cross-platform support, and RN isn't even native, it still includes a Javascript bridge. Build dependencies and packages were a nightmare, things continuously broke. I tried Flutter afterwards and it just felt like a breath of fresh air. Everything "just worked", on all the platforms I tested it on: web, iOS, Android, Windows, Mac, and Linux. Updates on one are hot reloaded to another. In contrast, Expo sometimes just broke. This was all wrapped up in one package instead of needing to use separate build chains for each platform. I wonder if React Native can do all of this officially, but I suppose that's not their prerogative, given that RN is mostly used by Facebook for apps and these other platform efforts are by third parties, like Microsoft here. I've seen both uses of the term "native"; it's an overloaded term. Some use it to mean "native UI", and others use it to mean "natively compiled". I meant it in the latter case. I actually prefer wholly custom UI, as most apps do these days that are cross-platform, because it allows for very interesting user experiences. Of course, some people disagree, wanting everything to be native-looking and feeling to their platform, such as Linux apps all using GTK or macOS all using Cocoa. I suppose Flutter is Dart's killer app, since you're comparing frameworks and languages. Rails is to Ruby as Flutter is to Dart, as it were. I suggest you give it a try. Personally, this felt like the "killer" feature to me, fully advanced animations that I'm not sure are possible on native widget based frameworks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCyoHclCqc8 Yes, Flutter is useful for when you have GUI heavy apps, not necessarily ones with platform integration like menu bars and cameras, although that is progressing pretty well I'd say, people are writing plugins for platform capabilities. Regarding Windows and Linux, I too was surprised at how well everything worked. You can't build to production yet for these two platforms (officially at least, see flutter-rs for unofficial implementations), but the debug builds still work as well as the Android and iOS emulators. I used them on a lower powered machine to run my Flutter apps and it was great that they worked well. In contrast, https://www.simplethread.com/cant-replace-redux-with-hooks/ https://daveceddia.com/context-api-vs-redux/ https://medium.com/javascript-scene/do-react-hooks-replace-r... TL;DR Context can replace some but not all of Redux. Redux can figure out which components to rerender based on what's being computed. Context doesn't, so it's basically the same as refreshing your entire component tree every time something changes. You could build it yourself, but at that point, you're just reinventing Redux. I also like the Redux Toolkit ( https://redux-toolkit.js.org/ ) which is an opinionated way to write Redux that cuts down the boilerplate a lot. createSlice is easily one of the best features, you can encapsulate Redux logic for each different type of content, like authentication, users, posts, etc. Flutter has a few different state management techniques, and even a Redux implementation. Provider is the most commonly used one. For Redux with React, you could check out Redux Toolkit ( https://redux-toolkit.js.org/ ). It solves a lot of the boilerplate issues with Redux. createSlice is especially valuable. Sounds like Agile to me. The book should mention that one should use rust-analyzer rather than RLS as the code completion engine in VSCode. The former is much better. Thanks for your Elixir tutorials! For those who don't know, Alchemist Camp is a YouTube channel and website for learning Elixir: https://alchemist.camp Static compilation of JS into a binary is also being worked on (albeit slowly) with `deno compile`[0]. This is the feature I'm most looking forward to personally, goodbye JS slowness. [0] https://github.com/denoland/deno/issues/986 Ah that's disappointing. i wonder if there is any work to create a JS compiler. This is probably a better article directly from Microsoft: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/directx/directx-heart-linux/ OpenCL, DirectX and CUDA all seem to be available for GPU acceleration on WSL. One other exciting thing is GPU accelerated GUI Linux apps on Windows. You may not need an X server anymore. I'm looking forward to using i3 on Windows. I would hate to have microtransactions on the web, could you imagine paying to see every webpage? It doesn't even have to be a large amount, just the psychology of free versus paid is quite powerful to compel the user to not use as much for fear of overspending. I can see it being useful for small transactions such as services but not in the general web. I can block ads. I can't block micro transactions. But that's not even my main objection, it's more that people will explore the internet less if it's paid per page, and in doing so, the diversity of websites is diminished and the major players become further entrenched. See related, the Dribbbilization of design (2013): https://www.intercom.com/blog/the-dribbblisation-of-design I'm not even sure how Glitch makes money. It's a useful free tool to spin up a server or full stack app quickly but I don't see anyone using it in production. It befalls a similar fate as CodeSandbox, but at least CSB can be used as an online editor similar to Microsoft's GitHub Workspaces. Also hilarious is the opposite, French being used in English feels more sophisticated. It just has un je ne sais quoi about it. I see other commentors saying book clubs as primarily social gatherings and about the book second. This strikes me as odd. If you want a social gathering, why have the pretense of reading books, just organize the social gathering, perhaps a weekly meeting at the local pub or someone's home. When I attend book clubs, it's about the literary aspects of the book first and any social interaction is incidental, such as if I really like another person's opinions, I'll go chat with them afterwards. Indeed, I would be particularly annoyed if I spent time reading a book and went to discuss it, and all I got were people not talking about the book, either in depth or at least shallowly, and I'd find another book club. In regards to the ongoing nature of book clubs, discussing every chapter, I think is is a great idea, and the best avenue I've seen it happen through is a medium like Reddit (or Tildes.net), with a nested forum post for each chapter that people can not only look back on now but in the future. Indeed, r/bookclub and even other media related subreddits, like r/anime or your favorite TV show like r/gameofthrones, have such weekly threads for reading or rewatching the requisite media. This feels to me the best way to accomplish the author's goals. Of course, there is no real social interaction, but again, if you want social interaction, go to a social event that is explicitly (or sufficiently implicitly) stated that it is for socialization, such as a pub gathering. No one's going to be reading books with their friends at a pub. I found this while searching reddit: https://www.old.reddit.com/r/books/comments/3ibtw5/the_many_... If that's the case, why have a "book" club at all, rather than make a social gathering? Let me be clear in that I also attend social events, but they're called social events on the face of it. If I'm attending a book club, I expect to talk about books. Yes, I agree with you. If I'm at a book club, I'd go to discuss books, and socializing comes second, as in if I like someone's opinion I'll hang out with them afterwards. If I want a social gathering, I'll just call a social gathering together with my friends with no pretense of another activity. What about going to a party? That is a purely social event without any hobby attached to it. Hell, you can find random parties to attend on Meetup or similar if you really wanted, which I've gone to. That's understandable. I wish there were a way of separating these two types of book clubs then, a casual versus hardcore variety. I think by doing so, fewer people would be disappointed when it turns out to be the opposite variety of what they expected. Thanks for your viewpoint, it helped me understand the idea better. Sure, and I now understand the dichotomy. Some people are expecting book clubs to be casual and others hardcore. Our definitions are not the same so our conclusions as to what book clubs should be are also not the same. I like both approaches but I like them to be delineated. If I'm with my friends I can appreciate it being a social gathering with a theme, but if I attend a "hardcore" book club, well, I expect it to be hardcore, talking about the book itself for most of the time. I said this in another comment, hope it clarifies my understanding: Sure, I get smalltalk, and I now understand the dichotomy of book club types. Some people are expecting book clubs to be casual and others hardcore. Our definitions are not the same so our conclusions as to what book clubs should be are also not the same. I like both approaches but I like them to be delineated. If I'm with my friends I can appreciate it being a social gathering with a theme, but if I attend a "hardcore" book club, well, I expect it to be hardcore, talking about the book itself for most of the time. Nice, this is like an open-source Firebase Authentication. I was wondering whether such a solution existed because, even as Firebase Auth is free for unlimited users, it still is a hosted service whose terms could change at any time. How many pen companies are there? And yet, people still make pens. It's the same with competition. Don't worry about it as inevitably you'll be making different choices throughout building and selling your product that won't be replicated by others. Some customers will like your choices over other companies', and that's why they'll stay your customers. Just do this but for other job sites and aggregate. You seem to know Pieter Levels from your Make book reference, and I'm not sure if Remote Ok has an RSS feed or Slack notifications but this could be a pretty useful feature for that. Also add categories and keywords to filter by for Upwork jobs if you haven't already. Contact Upwork users directly and message them about your product. Do things that don't scale as they say. I'd say contact maybe 500 people and see the response and subsequent sales. You could also contact marketers so they can post their jobs on your platform perhaps. There are many ways for future development it seems to me. You can email me if you want more advice, I run a SaaS as well ( https://getartemis.app ) and I do some of these marketing tips I talk about. Reminds me of StaticKit ( https://statickit.com ) by Derrick Reimer who built Drip and co-hosts the Art of Product podcast. There might be some interesting lessons if you listen to their podcast, many of Reimer's insights on static site forms are made public through it. In SaaS, you're not going to find many products that don't use trackers and are open source, as much as that may be philosophically interesting to see. I actually want a SaaS company to track my behavior so they see what's wrong, fix bugs, and improve the product as a whole. Similarly, in the Western world, the most popular name seems to be some form of John. Well hopefully people find it too annoying to use deno modules and we get some sanity in development. From this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5O2Yjn3OXRk Actually it seems to have started as Yohanan, Yo coming from Yahweh (god in Hebrew), and hanan (gracious). Well they don't have to, but I think most companies are not going to spend time and money creating their own tracking tool like Hotjar and screen recording when they could spend those resources on their own product. Comparative economic advantages and all that. Interesting, I haven't listened to the latest episodes. Netlify already has forms, as do other vendors, so I don't see too much of a use for StaticKit, unless you host your site on your own servers rather than a CDN. You can make a pure CSS theme toggle as well. You can even use SVG to do it with a custom animation. https://codepen.io/demilad/pen/bZRjpb Yes but sometimes I want a choice. For example, I use the Dark Reader extension with a pure #000 background. Many dark modes use some grey or other non-black hue, which can be quite annoying, so I usually turn them to light mode and then Dark Reader can properly convert the light theme into my preferred black theme. Wow that looks great, I might give it a go. Where is the screen recording feature, I saw it was advertised on the landing page but don't see it on the demo. Also is it open source? What do you think about all of the advances that happened in your time, especially with what machine learning is capable of these days (fully artificial human faces, for one)? Any advice (technical or life) for us younger people? Are there opportunities for partial remote, or WFH when you want but go into the office sometimes as well? In my case I'd like to live in the city and go in but also work from a coffee shop or at home on certain days, to get some variety. Sounds good, Patrick. You'll be seeing my application later this year :) I've been using Windows and before I'd get a Linux VM, but now I can just do it through WSL. Yes, technically WSL and Windows itself runs on Hyper-V (a type 1 hypervisor) as VMs, albeit with virtualized GPU passthrough. I use WSL on my laptop, but on my desktop, I use Proxmox with Windows, macOS and Linux VMs, each with their own GPU passed through with one for the host. Makes it super nice to see all three OS on one ultrawide monitor, especially if I'm testing desktop apps (usually written in Flutter). I couldn't really navigate your blog easily. Any posts you'd like to point me to that you think are good? Audiobooks at 4x speed while walking or other menial activities. Sounds right to me. The vast majority of people are expecting the movie rather than the time period, so of course Google would show the movie's length. Paul Graham says that many of the biggest companies initially start out as toys, or solve small problems [0]. Gates and Allen thought about whether they could create a BASIC interpreter and sold it, for example, and used that to eventually create Windows. You can't know whether your company will be a billion dollar one ahead of time, unless you're really working in a large problem space, such as biotech, space exploration, etc, but it doesn't look like you are. Therefore, just solve the problems you have, make money (preferably without raising venture capital), then use that money to fund your business and hire employees. Check out Indie Hackers for more examples of profitable internet businesses [1]. [0] http://www.paulgraham.com/startupideas.html [1] www.indiehackers.com This is because an engineer's interest is not in the actual writing, but the creation of such a blog. To such engineers, I'd say that this is fine, but don't delude yourself into thinking that these are necessary steps to writing when there are much simpler ways, such as Medium or Wordpress as you say. I've been reading this for the past few days, it's been really great! It's curated, and you can click on each one to expand the list. That's on Substack, not the creator, you can click the "Let me read it first" link to see the articles. What is annoying, and understandable based on your perspective, is that clicking the link doesn't change the URL (it's entirely client side routing) so that OP couldn't have posted just the articles but had to make it show the email form first. The book Blockchain Revolution covers this well. It postulates a decentralized autonomous organization (a bot, basically) that controls its money and can trade with other bots via smart contracts in cryptocurrency and self improve via machine learning. Its goal is to maximize profit, which it can do in various ways, both savory and unsavory to the human race. The mentor feature is basically useless, there are way too many people using Exercism for mentors to be able to contact each and every one of them. Your best bet is to just do the exercises themselves and search for any errors. What do you do if your app is cross platform, for example iOS, Android, potentially a web app as well? Unfortunately, without static typing, I can't use Elixir, no matter how good they say Dialyzer is. I've been using Rust these days because it has algebraic data types. That is what I said, that I can't use Elixir. And I have used Elixir before, often learning via your tutorials. This comes just from my personal experience, not to be taken as a dismissal of the language as a whole. Of course, many people use Elixir and Erlang, and Whatsapp even built a 50 billion dollar business out of it before acquisition. You can use free stock sites like Unsplash, Pexels, etc. Are you referring to more specific stock photo shots? Time in the market beats timing the market. If you continue to invest regularly even in a down market you will eventually make more than those who target peaks and dips. With regards to interviews, there is no free lunch. Interviewees don't want to do at least one of the following: 1. Data structures and algorithm questions - they don't want to study for months 2. Take home exercises - they don't want to spend hours unpaid without knowing whether they got the job 3. GitHub / Stack Overflow / Open source contributions - they don't want to code outside of work One last one, paid interviews about the work itself, may be untenable for employers to pay every single interviewee. Yeah even for this, if you already have a job, you can't quit your current to work full time for this other job without even getting the actual job. Correct, however most people don't have the discipline or money to put in all their money in the beginning of the year, or whenever they get it. It's better to automate the habit of deposits rather than not doing so. You can even construct memory palaces which are very easy to learn. I still remember them from 10 years ago. What's wrong with being open source but also for profit? I'd rather they be open source, make money and be sustainable than be closed source. At least this way I know I can continue using it if any unwanted changes are made, perhaps via someone forking it, and also continue to self host it. https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetlia... This is using a real neovim instance rather than emulation, and performance is excellent for me. Agreed. Open source has a specific definition. People shouldn't repurpose it to mean something it's not, however close it may be. I'm not against the business model of blocking cloud vendors, it's your code if you wrote it, do whatever you want, but don't call it open source, call it something else. You can have an open source SaaS, they're not mutually exclusive. Sure, it might be better to bootstrap their product then rather than taking VC (which I know is the point of the article but I digress). Actual revenue will validate whether their product can work or not, and VC can definitely obscure this validation. Have you seen Superhuman? This already occurs currently. Most systems that beat humans already use much less than 25 watts. I write daily, through a Markdown file for each day. The sections include: - Dreams: recording dreams to enhance lucid dreaming - Notes: daily notes about what I'm thinking - Plan: nested todo list of what I need to do today - Next: what I need to do tomorrow or later. This is copied into the next day's Plan section, so tasks roll over if not done - Research: things I want to research. I write them down here so I don't waste time if I think of something interesting and want to follow up later. Lists require a new line between each item: - One - Two HN does implement Markdown to some extent, such as lists, italics , quotes, code blocks, etc. I can make lists just fine: - One - Two And quotes Good work. I've been following Hello Code (the company that makes this) and Exist (another app of theirs) as well as your podcast for a few years now, nice to see you're making 5 figures MRR! Rust is great. However, because of the ease of creating crates (packages), it seems to be beginning to suffer the same fate as Node and node_modules, with authors bringing in crates (just a `crate install` away) and ending up with ludicrous compile times for the end users. People use code blocks as quotes quite often, much to the chagrin of mobile users, but nonetheless, their being used as quotes make them de facto quotes on this site. With regards to lists, as I can create them, that's all that matters, again the formatting doesn't need to be special, it just needs to exist. Yes, as this is the main reason that Facebook created GraphQL, it is expensive for mobile phones to query that much data. Something else interesting is that while you begin to write the tailored server side call, and you optimize it, you will end up with something that looks like GraphQL anyway. Looks like the purported range is analogous to stated phone or laptop battery life: ideal and unrealistic. This makes sense because the car is, in fact, run by a battery. I want to get a 240hz ultrawide personally, both for games and instead of having 3 separate monitors (I hate the bezels between them). Samsung is making a good one, 49 inches, HDR 1000, 240hz, and adaptive sync [0] https://www.anandtech.com/show/15396/sausng-odyssey-2020-mon... Yes, and even with React, one can use a static site generator to turn it into HTML, CSS, and minimal JS, so I don't see any reason not to use React, beyond the oft touted ones. Murakami is great. Have you read his other books? The latest one, Killing Commendatore, was a good read. This is an interesting point. Why does it feel like these blogs are getting shallower? For PG, more of his older blog posts were more interesting than his newer ones, with more concreteness in advice and experiences. The latest ones seem more observational of trends instead, which can be more vague in nature. If I were to ever hire, I'd optimize first for clear, written, long-form asynchronous communication, second for ability for the job at hand, and anything else third. Having hired some freelancers recently, I've found that there is a world of difference between those who can communicate clearly and those who can't. Engagement. The majority of the people that such a blog would be shared with won't read it because it requires clicking an extra link. Tweets can be read in-line. Also, tweets in a tweet thread can be commented on specifically rather than on the blog post entirely. Figma approaches design from an engineer's perspective. They have features like auto layout [0], swapping elements in a list, scaling multiple elements at once while preserving each aspect ratio, and so on. Can you imagine that if designers before this wanted to move an element in a list, they would have to move every single one instead of having some drag and drop swap functionality? That if they wanted to dynamically change a button size for the text inside it, like we can do easily on the web, they simply couldn't? Basically, Figma is turning design more into something like front-end development, doing things in a design program that engineers could do normally with code. This is because the developers of Figma are themselves coders rather than designers, so they know what real ease of use should look like (ironically). This is the fundamental corporate culture shift that is the difference between Figma and others like Sketch. Of course, you could go all the way and simply turn the design software into a web/mobile development framework, which is what software like Framer [1] does, which is literally a design software built on React, and it can spit out React code for you once you're done designing. [0] https://www.figma.com/blog/announcing-auto-layout/ [1] https://www.framer.com/ Figma approaches design from an engineer's perspective. They have features like auto layout [0], swapping elements in a list, scaling multiple elements at once while preserving each aspect ratio, and so on. Can you imagine that if designers before this wanted to move an element in a list, they would have to move every single one instead of having some drag and drop swap functionality? That if they wanted to dynamically change a button size for the text inside it, like we can do easily on the web, they simply couldn't? Basically, Figma is turning design more into something like front-end development, doing things in a design program that engineers could do normally with code. This is because the developers of Figma are themselves coders rather than designers, so they know what real ease of use should look like (ironically). This is the fundamental corporate culture shift that is the difference between Figma and others like Sketch. Of course, you could go all the way and simply turn the design software into a web/mobile development framework, which is what software like Framer [1] does, which is literally a design software built on React, and it can spit out React code for you once you're done designing. [0] https://www.figma.com/blog/announcing-auto-layout/ [1] https://www.framer.com/ That is an odd way to put it if you had read the article. It notes that precisely because Figma was on the web that it was able to have collaboration features, have linkability to specific Figma files, and other such features, and thus serve the customer. As well, I am not sure how they sacrifice speed or usability exactly, when they even use Rust compiled to WASM in order to create the entire UI. I can concede that SaaS can be, in many cases, be merely investor driven, but I cannot concede that Figma is one of those. Even being investor driven, such as having a subscription business plan, is not bad for the customer per se, as a sustainable business is better than a dead one. Software costs money to make, and more importantly, to upkeep and add features too. I am not sure how you can expect one time fees, especially for enterprise software like Figma is (personal plans are free), in this day and age. Not really. The tweeter in this case isn't stopping between each tweet to address comments. It is asynchronous versus the synchronous example you gave. I do want to see less pedantry about the medium and more discussion (and if that includes pedantry, so be it) about the message itself. Sure you may not use the components wholesale but you can still pick out specific parts, such as full CSS code or bezier curves as the sibling poster put it. Something somewhat related is Mighty by Suhail Doshi, cofounder of Mixpanel and eventually pushed out from the CEO position, but that's irrelevant. Mighty is Chrome but prerendered on some powerful machine. Sounds like a parody but it isn't. www.mightyapp.com It really depends on the developer. Look at Star Citizen. Self funded to 300 million dollars and still it seems to be stuck in development hell, with Chris Roberts creating yet more feature creep. I say this as a fan of the game but even I can concede that he wants to make the ultimate space simulation game which just isn't feasible with how long it would take in reality. I think having a free trial is a good idea regardless of in app versus out of app purchases. That it had to be done so hastily is unfortunate, though. Total compensation, includes salary, bonuses, stock, etc. Check www.levels.fyi for more details. Revenue sharing venture capital for small valuations ~tens of millions. TinySeed, Earnest Capital, etc. Wreaks, not wrecks. Not necessarily, TS issues are found in the editor which is where most of the use is. I don't test types only on compile but usually through VSCode itself. Just a note that "bootstrapper VCs" are coming up that fund ideas whose revenue will eventually be in the So this question might have some interesting answers if we take this knowledge into consideration as well, as some of the ideas here could potentially be funded by these VCs even if not by traditional ones. It really is interesting just how much tooling plays a part in a language's success. It has to "just work" without any kind of crazy build steps. Rust with cargo handles this well, as does ReasonML with esy, Elm, and so on. One might ask how NPM succeeded and well, it was the only way to write code on the Web, so people had to use it, one way or another. Those are all grafted on afterwards, and they don't see too much use apart from the people who made them (ie Stripe with sorbet). Compare that to a language that has first-class support for all of these built in. As you learn such language you're forced to learn these concepts as well, so more people in the community use them, thereby increasing their effectiveness through sustained development because they're popular features. This is a bad faith argument, the parent is not saying to use C, but surely you can concede that there are better languages for performance and are useful for web development? Even Node is faster than Python and it's chugging along well in the web dev community. Probably because the domain was cool and similar enough to the stated purpose. Maybe it's a wiki of other people's thoughts. What a curiously interesting site. The back and forth format, yet being long form and asynchronous, encourages real discussion. I haven't seen this level of even-handed replies in quite a while. This marked the beginning of the end of the Islamic Golden Age, and Baghdad still hasn't recovered. That is one of the most interesting facts to me, that over 600 years later the Middle East is still in disarray. As long as employers require a degree, universities will not die. Ah, the ol' HN hug of death. For future reference (and I haven't been able to access the site yet, so this may or may not be relevant to Taaalk), if the site has a landing page, make it with static files, and put it behind a CDN or just use a free service like Netlify. Put the actual app behind a subdomain which you can then host however you want. This way, people who visit can still check out what the service does and check it out later when not as many people are present on the server. This is a concept known as graceful degradation, trying to make a service as accessible as possible during most if not all conceivable situations. Have you read the Three Body Problem trilogy, by any chance? It talks about the dark forest theory, except in terms of alien civilizations. Why do I have to continuously click to read it? Gets quite annoying after a few times. I like the model of Taaalk here where the entire conversation is already open. Any reason why you're seeing ads in the first place? I recommend using an adblocker, specifically uBlock Origin. I saw this a few days ago, cool product. I'm making something similar (details in my profile, don't want to shill my own product on a Show HN out of respect) which deals less with automatic suggestions but more making it much easier to schedule tasks yourself. This includes things like sub tasks and other features. I'm also making it open source for people who want to self host it. For this, is there are reason that there are two landing pages? https://reclaim.ai/daily-habits/ https://reclaim.ai/ They seem similar but have different parts. Nice, good luck! There can never be enough todo list apps on the market haha. Hopefully it goes well, maybe we can chat and learn business tips from each other as well. Somewhat related is the language Nim: Pythonic, typed, and compiles to native code so it's super fast. This is something I mentioned before as well ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18858703 ): I'm creating an open source todo list + calendar webapp ( https://getartemis.app , source at https://github.com/satvikpendem/artemis ) made by just me, and I can tell you how I approached the problem. The video you see on the front page does not exist in code, it is simply a prototype designed with Figma ( https://figma.com ) and animated with Principle ( https://principleformac.com ). I created the landing page and video, added a Mailchimp form, and I posted on Twitter, Reddit, and here on Hacker News, the communities in which it made sense. For me, it's a productivity / task management tool, so I would post on reddit.com/r/getdisciplined or reddit.com/r/productivity. It's all about creating a minimum viable product, as you might well be aware, but what you may not know is that an MVP need not have code. Indeed, it could be a video as I did, and I think for software, a video works best as people can actually see what it looks and feels like, without you necessarily creating the product architecture (full frontend and backend plus devops etc). Now I have over 150 subscribers (edit: now 1100 as of July 2020) in only a month due to rapid creation of this type of MVP, and based on this feedback, I changed my designs, and only now I am beginning to really create the heart of the product. Using non-code MVPs is the best way in my opinion to sell quickly before building. Sure, I made clear they were just signing up for the mailing list, not the product itself. They're not paying customers but they're an audience I can sell to later. I expect only 10 percent will convert to the paid product, but that's better than 0%, when you have no audience. Correct. As well, there are two large categories of MVPs, low fidelity and high fidelity ( https://www.robotmascot.co.uk/18-types-of-minimum-viable-pro... ), and subtypes within that. What I did was a "fake door" MVP, as the article states. It is not necessarily intended for directly measuring sales but whether its worth my time to build it in the first place. Having over a thousand sign-ups now, it validates that I should indeed spend my time on it. Then, I would make a high fidelity one, a "one feature" MVP as the article calls it, which would cut the product down to its essence and see if it can still solve a specific problem, and whether people would still pay for only one feature. I am doing this now with a mobile app instead of web/desktop app as the reduced screen space forces me to think about the problem of time block productivity from its essence. Perhaps your definitions of MVP are different than others, which is perfectly fine. There are others I've seen over the years like simple, lovable, complete (products), and so on ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22955085 ). First, I have some questions for you that once I know the answers I can help you better. 1. What problem are you trying to solve? 2. Who has those problems? 3. Where exactly are they located, both physically or in cyberspace? Based on your conversation rate, you are probably doing a shotgun approach or not talking to the people you need to be. Second, based on these answers, do things that don't scale ( http://paulgraham.com/ds.html ). Actually talk to your customers and figure out what problems they have, and what solutions you can give them. In many user interviews, customers will try to give you solutions but that's not their job, their job is to identify their problems, yours is the job to fix them. I don't think so. Look at the other comments replying to my thread. The definition of MVP can mean finding the fastest way to validate with the least effort, as Eric Ries is quoted in the other comment. Perhaps at one point MVP did literally mean the smallest usable product but now the product does not necessarily need to be usable, it just has to validate a hypothesis. They only signed up for an email list. However, even if they had paid, wouldn't this be the same thing as what Kickstarter does, except not on their platform? Hypothetically, one would offer pre-orders for a service that doesn't exist, then uses the money to make it exist. I don't see anything wrong with that. See the other commentors replying to my thread. MVP doesn't necessarily have to literally be a usable product, it just needs to validate a hypothesis. As I've stated in my other comments, the words I used such as MVP are not misleading, or at least, they have multiple meanings, such that those who understand what I meant by MVP were not confused as to its multiple meanings, so the communication was clear enough. Dart is...fine. The real value comes in its code generation features, which enable packages to add whatever language features they want even if the language maintainers don't (yet), such as algebraic data types, functional programming features, etc. You can argue this as being good or bad for future maintenance but it's nice to have the ability to add to the language. You don't have to use the material design stuff, you can just make your own components, all custom, just as you would on the web. Just replace MaterialApp with WidgetsApp at the root of the application tree. Rust actually can be a higher language. It has true generics, static algebraic data types, functional programming features, and so on, even as it is closer to the metal. It is closer to Haskell or OCaml, but more pragmatic. A good package manager, multicore support, larger community, and so on. No, I'm not. I've shown you examples of how I'm not, and of how words change meanings, and if you do not believe so, then there's nothing else I can say. > And a WIP can mean something I haven't even started on yet. /s > You're twisting the meaning of the words in the acronym. I really don't care, but it renders the words meaningless to use them that way. Again, I'm not sure how to explain that MVP does not literally mean an actual product. It's a tool for hypothesis testing, you don't spend time and energy building out your entire product before you show something to customers, that would be a waste of time and energy. That's why I, and others, define MVP as anything that let's you understand something new about your market and eventually you use that knowledge to make a product. That's exactly true. People don't care about the means, only the ends. With PWAs, you have to write apps in HTML, CSS, and JS, which seems worse than natively compiled languages like Swift, Kotlin, Flutter, etc. This, I feel, is a fundamental problem. Perhaps the solution instead is that we need a way to distribute natively compilable apps via other means, maybe through a website but also through other app stores not subject to the Google / Apple duopoly; so basically PWA level access and downloadability, but not made with web technologies. It does, but Flutter web performance is worse than when compiled to apps. Perhaps, but WASM isn't ready yet. I actually was thinking more in line with how you can download Android APKs and install them directly. More like F-Droid, especially for a platform like Apple that doesn't allow third party app stores. Try reddit.com/r/hardwareswap, they have buyers and sellers who must verify their goods and also lists if they've committed fraud before, and how many successful sales before that. I need Windows and macOS support, so it'll be Intel for me. I'm working on a Hackintosh right now, so hopefully either x86 is supported for a while, or we can get ARM-based Hackintoshes before the deprecation of x86 macOS. If I use a CDN or another service like Netlify, I don't get any server side logs, so I must do tracking client side. My friend runs this. https://watchmespendmoney.com https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23773329 I don't. If it doesn't have good docs, it's usually not worth using. I know for your situation you need to use that particular library, but if given the choice, the better documented one is usually better to use. You can use uBlock Origin to block all ads, and use SponsorBlock to skip ads inside the video itself, such as sponsor promotions, and even intro/end sequences. It really cuts out all of the bullshit in YouTube videos. Sleep paralysis is quite useful for lucid dreaming, as once you're in that state, you can transition to a lucid dream easily. I saw this the other day, almost bought a yearly subscription. I'll buy it soon though, just whenever I start using Twitter more. Do you use the Neo Vim extension, it uses real neovim? Not to be confused with VSCodeVim. It really is nice, I use the Neo Vim extension and it's night and day. Check out Onivim 2 as well for a VSCode like editor that natively uses Vim, but can use VSCode plugins and is generally easier to use than Vim. It also isn't built on Electron so it's super fast and lightweight. Currently it's in beta I think. This paucity, in my opinion, is the major failing of messaging platforms. Their threading is no excuse for a full fledged tree like structure of conversation. I'm imagining a reddit like interface, but for messaging. Maybe it just becomes a forum instead. Making CSS Turing complete, nice. Now we can run entire websites with functionality even if we turn JS off. Maybe we'll even see CSS only programming frameworks. How does this compare to Canny for example? Rust can also pattern match the same, if I recall correctly. I know about Erlang's let it fail philosophy but why would you want something to be caught at runtime when it could be caught at compile time? It doesn't seem to have any valid reasons. There are a lot of bootstrapped founders, actually the vast majority of them since the percentage of companies that VCs fund versus the number of pitches is tiny, so this doesn't seem that accurate. Just look on www.indiehackers.com for more info on these types of founders. Is this open source as well? I was thinking about self hosting it when you mentioned it last time in some other threads. Is your product open source? I see, thanks. I've tried this but browsers like Chrome (and perhaps Firefox as well) will ignore the hosts file and use Google's DNS servers to resolve sites that are blocked by hosts. It compiles to JS, ARM, and x86, for web, mobile and desktop support respectively. Also, Dart has code generation so you can write your own language features, like the freezed package which implements algebraic data types even though Dart doesn't have them natively. Dart has compile time ADTs with the freezed package. I like Dart since it has code generation features so you can write or import custom language features, much like JS with Babel. https://pub.dev/packages/freezed Nim To practice coding interview algorithms and data structures problems. It is basically like Python but statically typed and compiled. I've tried it but I like the other features in Nim as well such as algebraic data types. As well, Cython isn't usually available in online coding environments while Nim is, at least sometimes. Gumroad is good, and I've heard good things about Podia as well. Check out Onivim 2, that's exactly what it is. It's written in ReasonML and compiled with a custom framework called Revery. It is a paid editor since it's made by a small team but it has a license where commits from 18 months before are made open source automatically. You could also try an editor written in Flutter, which also compiles to native assembly code. I think the entire stack needs to be rewritten, honestly. There's a lot of inefficiency such that we have multicore processors at gigahertz speeds and we still have performance problems due to the layers of abstraction we have at both the software and hardware levels. Many people. Check https://www.indiehackers.com/products?minRevenue=1 for more details, and the forum itself for discussions. I've seen torrent clients written before, could be a useful exercise. Just subscribed. Similar channels I've seen are Business Casual and Company Man, although not exactly marketing related, more company history focused. I think something like Stratechery but in video form would work well. Focus on how companies executed well as business case studies in video form. You'd run QEMU KVM instead and use GPU passthrough for a macOS VM. Proxmox is great for this, here's a guide: https://www.nicksherlock.com/2020/04/installing-macos-catali... Proxmox is great for this, here's a guide: https://www.nicksherlock.com/2020/04/installing-macos-catali... Looks like you're already considering Ryzen 4000 series laptops already. Stick with one of those and add a GPU to it, especially for the video editing part. I don't know exactly which one that is, but check out r/AMDLaptops for suggestions. I feel like new tools for JS should ideally be written in a compiled language like Rust, just the performance benefits alone are making me use SWC rather than some other tools for part of my TypeScript toolchain. I use ReasonML a bit, but I don't think the comparison is exactly the same as I'm saying. ReasonML has JS like tools, such as esy in place of npm. I'm saying JS tools should be make in languages like ReasonML or Rust: fast, efficient, compiled languages. Yeah there's a lot of success using KVM for this, if you check out r/hackintosh and search for KVM or Proxmox. The iPhone SE 2, which has the same processor as the iPhone 11, is 400 USD currently. I've been following a Github issue about hook support in Flutter, and I understood React hooks much better after reading that than I ever did before. It is clear now what exactly the problems hooks solve are, composable life-cycle state reuse. I think that because most people don't really understand why hooks were even needed, they can't wrap their minds around them. https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/51752 TypeScript, React and some charting library. create-react-app has the TS and React part, you just need to add the charts. With CRA, you don't really have to worry about the transpiler and so on, you just write npm run start. Exactly. I wrote this in another comment but I've been following a Github issue about hook support in Flutter, and I understood React hooks much better after reading that than I ever did before. It is clear now what exactly the problems hooks solve are, composable life-cycle state reuse. I think that because most people don't really understand why hooks were even needed, they can't wrap their minds around them. https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/51752 The problem arises when you want to reuse a lifecycle function in multiple Stateful or even StatelessWidgets. For example, if you go to the bottom of the issue, I make an example where I needed to have an AnimationController with complex initState and dispose methods. With hooks I could encapsulate all of that and make it work with any Widget I wanted, I didn't have to rewrite it each time. There are a lot more examples, it is worth going through the entire ~250 comments, even though it may take some time. I only understood after doing so, not necessarily by just reading the initial post. Maybe you'd like the Vue version which doesn't have those problems. I'm not sure how they implement it however. The iPhone A series processors are better, yes, but everything else is worse. It depends. We do have voluntary euthanasia after all, so perhaps the alternative can be better in some cases. Interesting. I download all my audiobooks because I don't like Audible's player. I use Voice Audiobook Player (actually a forked version) on Android because I can just load in audio files and play them, I don't have to deal with DRM or anything. I like it because it can go to 4x speed (with the forked version), most players only go to 2 or at most 3x. Interesting. I would think that $9k a month rather than year would've been better. $9k a month is really undercutting it. I've also seen that higher prices actually make customers more willing to buy, not less, especially big ones. Funny you mention Dropbox because they did exactly what you say not to do, provide a video demo that doesn't actually work, it just looks like it's working [0]. Their Show HN thread has more details [1]. In general though, you definitely should work on figuring out if customers want your product without building it if at all possible, and most times it is possible. I run a SaaS that's a project management tool (todo list + calendar, basically, at https://getartemis.app ) and the main page is simply a video demo that I made with Figma and an animation tool called Principle. People signed up and it works great for showing users what they'd be getting in the future. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QmCUDHpNzE [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8863 That is true, the founder did have an alpha version working by the time they did the Show HN, but still, if he had made the video without having anything technically made (but just by visual effects), would it still have been less effective? I doubt it, people know what they want and don't want when watching the video, and it would have been clear to the founder that people wanted it and he could've started building it after people expressed their demand. So in the end, even if he hadn't made the full product, Dropbox would still be where it is today. Nice to see that you're transitioning from the developer mindset to the founder mindset, from building first to selling first. Many people don't understand that development is just one part of a successful company. They think that if you build it, they will come. I too have fallen into this trap multiple times until I had my latest startup idea (todo list + calendar for project management, https://getartemis.app ). I simply made a landing page, used Figma and an animation tool called Principle to make a nice video, and put it on the landing page. Now I have over 1200 singups to the email list while I'm working on building the product. Doing this has allowed me to do so many things, such as figuring out that there is indeed demand for the product, and directly talking to these potential users by setting up a call with them. Having a distribution channel is a powerful thing. It would be even better if I cultivated my Twitter audience, but an email list is a start, and it has some distinct advantages such as owning your distribution channel. Yarn 2 has significantly faster fetching times, has a Plug 'n' Play module system, and caches much better. See [0], [1] for more details. [0] https://snyk.io/blog/yarn-2-intro/ [1] https://dev.to/arcanis/introducing-yarn-2-4eh1 It's a lighter ebike than other ebikes, what's hard to understand about that? It's not to be compared to regular bikes, but other ebikes, because the property of being an ebike is the primary purpose, and anything is auxiliary. In this case, commuters want lightness in their bike so that they need to carry less and the bike range is higher (F = ma, where one wants to reduce mass). But prepending with data can be annoying both from a "quickly reading" perspective, and an aesthetic one. The goal isn't to provide valid HTML necessarily but just allow the library to parse it correctly. That is not obvious from the parent comment at all. The 1-2 kg weight savings is useful if you need to carry your bike up the stairs to your top floor apartment. Or to ride it up hills in manual mode. Both of those seem like niche cases. These don't really seem niche. The lighter the better, simply because F = ma, the lower the mass, the higher the acceleration from the same amount of force from the battery applied. Or, higher range. You should check out the political compass [0]. It's an organization but I'm more interested in the compass itself [1], which has left and right on the X axis and authoritarianism and anti-authoritarianism on the Y axis. It seems to succinctly describe one's political ideology, although not to a granular detail. There is also the issue of multi-faceted extremism, where one takes views on different issues where when taken as a whole, the overall political philosophy does not fit into any one category. An example is being pro-gun-rights but left-leaning. PG wrote about this [2]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Political_Compass [1] https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5c/Po... [2] http://www.paulgraham.com/mod.html That assumes that HTMX wants to be fully compliant HTML code, which, by the author's optionality on data- vs non data- attributes, does not seem to be the case. This then is basically like JSX, it looks like HTML but isn't really, just syntactic sugar over structure, presentation, and logic operations. The point is that it's unknown what will happen in the future. In 1889, the US patent office commissioner had said that we should close it, as "everything that can be invented has been invented." Hey I'm looking into digital ad work, any way to contact you? Open source is not a business model. Let me say this again. Open source is not, in and of itself, a business model. People conflate having an open source project with having an open source business. Open source businesses can be done, of course, but open source in and of itself won't give you that business. It is not a business model therefore but rather a distribution/governance model. The key is that being open source should not be a core value proposition in most cases (unless you're Red Hat) but rather it should be ancillary, merely incidental to your core business. For example, say you ran a task management app company. The core value driver is not whether it's open source or not (to most people). People don't buy based on whether the product itself is open source, they buy because it solves their problem, of task management in this case. Labeling oneself as "open source" is a classic engineering trap because again, people don't care about that, if a closed source solution can solve their problem more than an open source one, they'll use the former. By the way, I happen to run an open source task management app (a todo list + calendar hybrid basically, https://getartemis.app ) but nowhere do I advertise it as open source, even though it is, because I know my core customers, non-engineers, don't care about that and just want to schedule their days better. --- I am reminded of OpenHunt, an open source version of Product Hunt that was made. The only value proposition was that it was open source, but it shut down precisely because users didn't care about that, they cared whether it had enough cool products (as a consumer) and enough traffic (as a submitter). Here's one post-mortem: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10940729 > OpenHunt tried solving a problem for the content makers without providing any additional benefit to the content consumers. > It's a nice, heart-warming mission. But in the end of the day, content is king, that's what consumers want. > There have been many examples of people rallying around a "free and open" version of a service. They fail to realize that the end consumer barely cares. Look at voat (Reddit), app.net (Twitter), Diaspora (Facebook), even ycreject.com (Y Combinator) tried to be a thing for a while. > If someone is able to make it "free and open" while also making it a better experience than the alternative, then it'll be a big success. But so far everyone gets that wrong. There is the trifecta of development, design, and business. Usually someone is only good at one of those things. I want to see what it's like to be good at all 3, and see if I can build a very valuable company as a single founder/employee, by leveraging automation as much as possible. Even if I can't, I'm sure I'll find a bunch of problems for which I can create a new startup to solve. Not OP but just wanted to answer haha I posted this on another comment, but it might be relevant here as well. Basically, make a better product than Amazon in order to win, people don't usually care about the organizational structure of the company. --- I am reminded of OpenHunt, an open source version of Product Hunt that was made. The only value proposition was that it was open source, but it shut down precisely because users didn't care about that, they cared whether it had enough cool products (as a consumer) and enough traffic (as a submitter). Here's one post-mortem: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10940729 > OpenHunt tried solving a problem for the content makers without providing any additional benefit to the content consumers. > It's a nice, heart-warming mission. But in the end of the day, content is king, that's what consumers want. > There have been many examples of people rallying around a "free and open" version of a service. They fail to realize that the end consumer barely cares. Look at voat (Reddit), app.net (Twitter), Diaspora (Facebook), even ycreject.com (Y Combinator) tried to be a thing for a while. > If someone is able to make it "free and open" while also making it a better experience than the alternative, then it'll be a big success. But so far everyone gets that wrong. I tweeted this as well, but why is this a bad thing if it builds your audience and enables you to convert that audience into future customers? It seems just because someone doesn't like such content doesn't mean it's not useful for others, otherwise they wouldn't follow you and like/retweet your "obvious" advice. Yep it definitely can be, but this just proves the point: not having vendor lock-in is a more useful feature and solves a pain point for people. Imagine if AWS allowed free exfiltration of data and resources (ie eliminated their vendor lock-in), now most people would continue to use AWS. This is very interesting, I'm building something similar, an open source todo list + calendar at https://getartemis.app . I also had the same issues with todo lists and calendars. They don't communicate with each other. A calendar treats events as the main abstraction when in reality I want it to treat tasks as the main abstraction. When tasks are main, a lot of problems with todo lists are solved, especially the lack of intra-day time bounding for them. I want to know exactly what to do at all points of the day, so that I can get more done. Of course, most people aren't as serious as me, but having such an abstraction is still good for them as well. In a way, this is great user validation if people are having similar problems and are building their own solutions. I wish Rise all the best. That being said, rather than having text, a mockup with images or better yet, a video, would work better. On my site, the entire video is only an animation mockup, and it's gotten me over 1.3k email signups already (yes I know email signups != revenue, but it's interest at least). You might be looking for Sunsama, which seems to be a clone of Sunrise. Thanks! What drew you to it, or made it intriguing, if you don't mind me asking? That shoelace example is interesting because people do actually buy non-shoelace shoes, such as slipons, or the new Nike that have that folding hinge in the middle. But generally yes, I agree that one should focus on what is a real problem that people would pay lots of money for. Thanks for the feedback, it's free during beta, but I haven't released that yet so it's just signing up for the email list for now. You're right, I'll have to add that in, I just haven't gotten around to making a ToS yet. Flutter is great. Still unstable for web and desktop for now. Email me at the email address in my profile, I'll mock interview you as well. But the question becomes, will it burst when the Fed seems to quantitatively ease by printing more money? Will they allow it to burst at all? Or will we just get inflation and the best way to hedge against that is to buy up these speculative properties since they're increasing at a rate faster than inflation? PBS Eons has a great video about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvfR3XLXPvw Convergent evolution is very useful. Who says the ghostwriter is not an expert on the topic? The above is quite similar to a startup incubator, there is a demand in the marketplace that's unmet, one hires people to meet that demand and develop a product after which customers buy it. Maybe. Looks like the OP says his books are pretty good with high ratings and a high volume of ratings as well, so they must be enjoyable enough to the people who buy them. That's pretty disingenuous to say they employ fake reviews, regardless of whatever your opinions of self publishing are. I listen to media at 4 to 5x speed usually, not blind either. I've found that I just got better at incrementally increasing the speed over time. Why not try 2.71 or something like that and just acclimate to it? Lots of competitors in this space it seems. I had a similar idea, a todo list + calendar app listed below, but it's interesting to see ideas converging on the idea of timeboxing your tasks. Ever since Cal Newport wrote Deep Work, it seems like everyone wants to get on the deep work productivity train. I wonder who will win eventually though. - www.getartemis.app (disclosure, my app) - www.akiflow.com - www.oltra.io - www.levelteams.com Fixed thanks Indeed, I included it to show that even though everyone might seem like they're clamoring for deep work products, the reality is that sometimes people just don't care enough. Level's founder Derrick Reimer had a hypothesis that people hated Slack (and particularly its interrupting notifications) that he wanted to make a product that was async. Turns out people don't actually care enough to change their entire communications workflow. I know the founder of Oltra, cool guy. My product is actually mobile first because I found that I liked having it on my phone when I'm out and about. It's still in the building stages though, I've been documenting it on Twitter [0] this month, trying to finish the MVP before the end of the month. [0] https://twitter.com/satvikpendem/status/1433247453222944768 Have you read the eponymous book by Cal Newport? That's where these tools being labeled for "deep work" are coming from. It's a great book, I'd highly recommend it. Overall though I don't think you necessarily need a tool for deep work, but it can help. In my opinion, why not use a calendar app for that, like Google Calendar, and fill it out each day yourself? For that usecase I don't see the value in paying for these tools. Speaking from personal experience, people don't pay* for software, especially productivity software, while businesses do. *yes, some people do pay of course, but the dichotomy between B2C and B2B revenue is vast You might be interested in indie hacking or bootstrapping as phrases to google when looking for such articles. www.indiehackers.com www.bootstrappers.com Check out micro VCs like Calm, TinySeed, etc. They operate on the model you describe, where they're not looking for 100x returns but merely several million dollars in revenue. Well if you're the one seeking money, you need to go where the money is, no? You can't stay where you are with no connections and expect VCs to come to you. It has always been the case that those who need money go to those who have money, not vice versa. How does one reconcile moving fast like this with having fun coding? For me, I don't really want to use PHP, jQuery, etc, I want to use TypeScript and React simply because they're more fun to use, if a little slower. I often see HN articles crop up soon after a related post, in this case this Ask HN poster [0] being driven crazy by people averaging percentiles and them not seeing that it's a big deal. It's pretty funny to see such tuples of posts appearing. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28518795 Most job boards started out by scraping other job boards. I know, very ouroboros, but once they got enough traction, then they had natural demand where people submitted new jobs. For example, Pieter Levels on building RemoteOK: https://levels.io/remote-ok/ He aggregated a bunch of other job boards first, then once the site got traction, people submitted directly to RemoteOK. Exists: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/price99/mmceepjonb... There are others too, I just searched for "round prices up browser extension" You might be interested in this browser extension I found then, it rounds up prices ending in 99: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/price99/mmceepjonb... > Build a good product, price it appropriately and people will come. Unfortunately, much as I would like that to be the case, that's just not true. People won't come simply because you build it, in fact that's a common refrain heard in the startup world. People, however, will pay for subscriptions if they materially help them. And subscriptions are often the best for developers because software development is not static, there are always bugs to fix and features to add. Not it wouldn't, much as engineers might think it so. Sales is not purely technical, it is an emotional process. If the seller can convince the buyer to buy, they generate a lot more income than having people go through sticker shock. One of the first things they teach you in sales is to focus on the benefits of how the product will make the user's life better, and use that to anchor the price. Also, the "contact us" pricing pages are not for regular people, they are for VPs or executives to go through. That it filters out regular people is a feature, not a bug. You could actually store the tweet contents yourself and render them to look like the Twitter UI. That would help to not get rate limited. It is well known that Twitter does not allow editing tweets. Any apps that ostensibly do that are simply delaying the tweet or deleting and reposting it. This is just a frontend client for Twitter, that's like asking how a frontend client for Hacker News allows you to bypass dang and moderators; it doesn't. Those that would legitimately pay $2/m but not $5/m are few and far between. In reality, most people I've seen that want lower prices actually want the product for free; if the price were lowered to $2/month, you'd still see the same complaints and excuses. Sure some people do see a difference like I mentioned, but in my experience of running my own paid sites, the people who agonize over a few bucks a month difference have been my worst customers. My point of view may therefore be different from yours as a business owner vs customer. ML and AI is a fun field currently. Check out Two Minute Papers for the current state of the art. Toptal perhaps? Although they're not necessarily subscription based. It's human nature to make emotional decisions, not necessarily logical ones. I'm not sure how one would rethink the system rather than using it to our advantage. How would it do that? It uses the Twitter API, it's not its own service, it's a client. There's this one I read about a little while ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27421408 Sound null safety is one that most languages don't have. Also looks like they're going to include static meta-programming, so you can metaprogram at compile time rather than runtime like many languages [0]. With this, many language features can be implemented yourself rather than needing the language maintainers to do so, such as adding dataclasses or (React-like) hooks. And if the state of the art changes, the language won't need to be redesigned or more stuff bolted on, you can just swap out the old language feature (as a package) and swap in the new one. [0] https://github.com/dart-lang/language/issues/1482 I believe it actually targets WASM and renders as a canvas element. What seems stupid to you is usually reasonable in their reference frame. The example du jour is any type of strongly held belief, whether that be in religion or politics, or whatever else. Someone can hold a fundamental, axiomatic view such that the logical consequences of that view might seem stupid to us, but we don't hold those same axioms. This reminds me of a blog post by 2ality [0] talking about how the rise of JS tooling in non-JS languages signals a future where JS becomes much faster, simply due to the languages being compiled and not interpreted. However, I am also reminded of a post I recently submitted called "We rewrote everything in Rust, and our startup still failed. [1]" I don't necessarily think this is the case with Rome however, as they are actually solving a crucial need - performance - rather than most companies who'd undergo rewrites which don't focus on their customers' true needs but instead simply want to rewrite for the sake of rewriting, whether it's for fun or for keeping their devs happy. I am curious though why they wouldn't merge with SWC which is also written in Rust, or other efforts to write JS tooling in other languages. [0] https://2ality.com/2020/10/js-plus-other-languages.html [1] https://outline.com/yr7ZBS > There is also no reason to believe that changing the programming language will yield a better tool than before. Why would you assume that? Languages are not all the same, if only for the reason that (all else being equal) a compiled language will run much faster than an interpreted one. You may be saying that, ie given an O(n^3) algorithm, a faster language will not cover up the slow algorithm, which is true, but again, all else being equal, including the algorithm, some languages will perform better than others. Indeed, already there are examples of JS tooling like SWC and esbuild (that are not built in JS) that are much faster than tooling built in JS like Babel and tsc. Given new entrants into the backend space, like Supabase (for a Firebase-like open source alternative), Hasura (open source GraphQL on Postgres), etc, how viable is Django and similar technologies like Rails these days? It seems like the former are PaaS which you can simply drop into your app but the latter are more so full on backends that let you control everything. The CanvasKit renderer, which at the time of this GitHub comment [0] was experimental but is now the default one (the other being a HTML renderer rather than a canvas renderer, but that had some problems and was not as fast as the canvas implementation, so it was overridden by canvas), uses WASM and WebGL. [0] https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/41062#issuecomment... [1] https://flutter.dev/docs/development/tools/web-renderers That is correct. In fact I submitted an article just the other day called "We rewrote everything in Rust, and our startup still failed [0]." However, again, all else being equal, a faster language is, well, faster than a slower one. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28573965 The article is a satire piece. It's also not my article, I just found it on the web and thought it was funny. And the link works for me, you will have to enable JS though if it's disabled. Indeed, is it really so difficult to give me a 15 inch tablet that can attach to a keyboard? The iPad is so close, ARM based performance, battery life, cooling, even as many complained about the Book being unable to be powerful because it's so thin. Well, that never stopped Apple. However, iPadOS is a deal breaker, I need to run whatever I need on the hardware, not what a higher power deigns it so. It says built for, not built on. I recall the livestream saying Duo and Duo 2 can connect to Windows 11 and integrate together. See also, https://vancedapp.com/ You could use MDX [0], it integrates Markdown with React. Lots of MDX to HTML converters out there, I use it with NextJS which has a good MDX plugin. [0] https://mdxjs.com/ That seems to be correct, NextJS already has SSR and static capabilities like you say. And related comments about the VS Code integration https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17769892 Spenser, a cofounder, is hosting an AMA as well on HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28696641 I am often pulled towards this comment for an article that asks, "Are Designers Crazy?" [0] """ No, designers aren't crazy. You just don't understand a very fundamental concept of design. It even applies to engineering. It's okay—many people have the same frustrations as you do. But those who care about the details achieve truly high quality results overall. It extends to all areas of the design, not just to the parts you can't see. In the movie "Who Framed Roger Rabbit," there's a scene in a dark room where Roger Rabbit (an animated character) flies across the room, knocks a hanging lamp around, and the lighting becomes so dynamic that all the shadows move around including the animated character's shadow. Here's the scene in question: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EUPwsD64GI This was such a small detail that it would have been forgivable if the animators had left it out entirely: if they had not moved the lamp, kept the shadow steady, no one would have really noticed the difference. It would have been 100 times easier to animate and the effect wouldn't really have been that different. But they did it anyway. The term was later coined, and "bump the lamp" is used throughout Disney (and probably other organizations) to mean something akin to "go the extra mile"—but I see it as having a special significance to design. You're right, most people won't notice. By that logic, you could cut corners a lot of other places too. You could be lax about button colors matching exactly, or per-pixel sharpness on the map and buttons. No one would probably notice. But if you go for every detail like it was the most important detail, you have the possibility of reaching a level of design quality that is superlative, and some people will notice. Others will not notice directly, but will see that the piece exudes style and quality subconsciously, due to the attention to small details. If you carry this into other areas of your work—programming, customer service, market strategy, marketing, and more—then you have a chance to create something of true quality. If you don't pay attention to detail at that level, well, you might have the chance to actually get something done. Yes, it's a balance, like everything else. But you have to know that it won't be quite as good, and understand that yes, you are sacrificing something, even if you can't see it. """ In the same way, Stripe creates a superlative product and branding site, and in the mere act of doing so, it attracts those who also wish to create such products. It may seem high effort for those who may not seem to care, but for those who do, they immediately understand the value. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5002262 Rather than a 4 day work week, I always thought that a 4 hour work day was far superior (or at least, a 4 day work week of 5 hour work days; 20 hours a week total). You're not truly doing 8 hours of full work a week, so why not focus the time down to only productive hours? Here's an interesting article about it [0]. [0] https://www.forbes.com/sites/jackkelly/2021/05/28/the-future... Hilarious that the purchase buttons link to Amazon rather than a Stripe checkout page. If they're publishing their own books, I wonder why they'd have to use Amazon instead. It would be remote work, forgot to specify. I have not found that to be the case, referring to your 2nd paragraph. In fact most of the evidence I've seen wrt [0] https://www.fastcompany.com/3063262/what-happened-when-i-mov... Is that not the case for most companies? At FAAMG I've seen yearly stock grants be in dollar figures and not number of shares. Yes, the lens functionality for translating text One reason of many that I like Indie Hackers, it's geared towards bootstrapping without VC involvement [0]. [0] https://indiehackers.com If you have to ask, you aren't drowning in demand. Sounds trite, but it's true, you'll know it when you experience it, hard to give numbers around such an increase in demand. You might be interested in Bannerbear, an API image and video generation service. The founder talks about being an API first business in his blog [0]. Here's a good piece of info about API first products for technical founders [1]: ``` API Products are a good fit for technical founders This article focuses on API product ideas. Why? API products are low-friction for the customer - you aren't asking a user to fundamentally change their behaviour, you are just solving a problem they already had and allowing them get on with their work. Let bigger startups build high-friction software that changes habits (note-taking, project management tools, etc) and focus on "plumbing" if you're a solo founder. API products involve interesting technical challenges - as a technical founder you probably suffer from Shiny Object Syndrome where you keep getting bored of a product you've built and want to build a new one. You're more likely to stay interested in a product as a technical founder if it presents interesting technical challenges, and APIs can be good for that. API products don't require heavy investment in UX - if you're a technical founder and design isn't your strong suit, API products are a perfect fit. Customers of API products care less about how the landing page and user dashboards look, and care more about whether the API "just works" to solve their problem. API products enjoy less churn - this one is a hypothesis but arguably if you create an API product and integrate with your customer's platform, it will take a long while for them to churn. Anecdata; there are API products that I have been a paying customer of for years. ``` [0] https://www.bannerbear.com/journey-to-10k-mrr/ [1] https://www.bannerbear.com/blog/1001-saas-product-ideas/ People want to solve problems, they don't want to sit around babying their tools and technologies. To that end, if libraries and frameworks like React and Remix enable them to move fast and solve the problems they want to get solved, those will be used over things that are ostensibly leaner yet do not inherently solve the problems required. Tools also have network effects. If you choose something like React, and you run into a problem, well, it's likely solved with a simple Google or Stack Overflow search. If you run into a problem with htmx or others, the community and support just may not be enough to solve the problem, and you'll have to spend time figuring things out yourself, time that could be better spent trying to solve your problem. Is that not because fewer people are getting married overall? I'd like to see those stats, number of people getting married vs divorcing. Then it's child slavery. AMD has better battery life given that they run cooler at a lower TDP than Intel chips. This is partly due to the processor architecture. So this is one tangible reason to prefer AMD especially in a laptop as battery life is very important. I think it's particularly interesting that this is sponsorware, looks like more and more open source devs with an audience are pulling off this funding model. I also know of Matt Perry who also used this model for his Web Animations API based animation library called motion.dev. See also SWC, something similar to esbuild but written in Rust. NextJS uses SWC as well as Deno. Rome is also being rewritten in Rust, it's more of a complete set of packages that subsume Webpack, Babel and all the other parts of the JS / TS development experience. Arxiv Sanity is a good website as well to keep track of all the myriad of papers that come out in Arxiv. Why not just use WeWork or similar? They often have drinks and an espresso bar (no food usually though) but the massive benefit is the dependability of things needed for work, such as a strong wifi connection, desk space, ergonomic chairs etc. IMO anti cafés seem to be the worst of both worlds, not necessarily dependable enough to work in while also seeming to be more expensive to work in compared to a regular café where you'd just get a drink or two for several hours. WeWork has day passes like you say, it's 29 per day even in cities like NYC and SF, that's what I used recently in those cities. This is simply a God of the gaps argument [0]. Just because we don't (yet) know how the universe was created does not mean that we must attribute it to some deity. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God_of_the_gaps Might want to look at Pieter Levels' open revenue for NomadList, he created both these sites: https://nomadlist.com/open I believe he's pulling in ~2 million USD ARR with both combined. When I asked him about both ventures on the NomadList Slack group, he said that while NomadList originally made more money, RemoteOK started to make a lot more simply because it's B2B while NomadList is B2C. The difference between companies and individuals paying for stuff is vast. So he said to target B2B for startups in general. Check this video out where he goes over his past projects: https://youtube.com/watch?v=6reLWfFNer0 The truth is, out of the dozen or so products he made, only two had real commercial success, NomadList and RemoteOK. So there is survivorship bias present, he just kept trying until he succeeded. You're not actually refuting the main point based on this story. Yes, mathematics is not necessarily a reflection of the physical universe. It can be, in cases like addition, but it doesn't necessarily need to be. Which was the parent's point. You are misunderstanding my point. Mathematics is not related to the natural world at all. 1 plus 1 will equal 2 regardless of whether there is a universe to experience it. It turns out certain types of math are useful to us, it doesn't mean that all types are. For example, infinite numbers exist, but the natural world cannot have an infinite or infinitessimal amount of things, there are upper and lower limits. Does that mean infinities don't exist? Of course not. Buy a NomadList subscription Same laptop as you, I run Bootcamp when docked however as I found that macOS won't stay on for long running processes while Windows does. MacOS on battery power though since Apple forces Windows to use the discrete GPU. Only macOS can use the iGPU. Yes, I know of many. One example is Wes Bos' Full Stack Advanced React and GraphQL [0], where you build your own ecommerce store complete with payments as well. [0] https://advancedreact.com/ Eh, they provide a useful service. I wouldn't want to run my own git server. It's because you're shilling your random coin on an article not specifically about cryptocurrency. Feels like spam to many. I would prefer something like the Dell XPS laptops, very minimal bezel with a camera and screen that still looks edge to edge. I'm talking about the new XPS ones, not the old ones with the camera at the bottom of the screen. Is a company not beyond reproach? Can't I like the product but still criticize its flaws? They charge what the customer would pay. As long as people keep buying, the prices will keep increasing. Why are you moving the goal posts? At first you asked whether "anyone" talked about it, the parent gave you a reasonable answer, and now you're talking about "everyone." Accept that some people do talk about the notch, however small the minority opinion is. Is it named Fable due to its relation to the Fable series which Microsoft publishes? Unbreakable? I highly doubt that. I too love dangling modifiers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dangling_modifier I like Flutter, it works for mobile, web and desktop. Vercel is the main developer behind NextJS so I use them, you can do the same with Netlify but it's not as plug and play, there's a bit more setup involved although still not much. The tea temperatures are all wrong, they should be: Black tea - 95 C Oolong Tea - 80-90 C (depending on oxidation level, more = higher temperature) Green Tea - 75 C Yellow Tea - 70-75 C White Tea - 70 C Using boiling water will scald the leaves and leave a bitter taste. Around 70-80 C, you'll have to play around with it as it's a little different for each tisane. Fun fact, tea is technically only the leaves of the camellia sinensis plant, all the permutations of black, green, white etc teas are how the leaves are processed by humans after cultivation, they're not different species of the plant. Any "teas" that are not of the camellia sinensis plant are technically called tisanes, although in colloquial usage no one says tisane. I remember working with Rainforest back in 2016 when I was at Zentail, glad to see you guys are still alive and doing well! If you've had high quality loose leaf tea, you'll know that that's not true. It's like saying you need to grind coffee very finely to extract all the flavor when in reality, different grind levels are for different types of procedures like espresso, filter, pour over etc. If you try to use super fine coffee grounds for a pour over, you're gonna have a bad time. Most people don't care, they just want a site that works. It's useful because Notion itself is WYSIWYG where whatever you type is what shows up, much more flexible than something like WordPress. It's different for Wuyi oolongs, they're much closer to black tea so they can withstand boiling water. If I did the same for a green dragonwell or white silver needle, it tastes terrible. I also ran a direct to consumer tea business so I've also tasted quite a lot of teas as I'm sure you have as well. Regarding 3, server means waiter in English as well. It's so named because both are similar; much as you would ask a restaurant server to bring you stuff, so too do you ask the computing server to bring you stuff, and it does. I made the other comment about not using boiling water. I've also run a tea shop and have imported very high quality tea. I've tried green and white teas with boiling water and they definitely did not taste as good as with 70-80 C water. At boiling temperatures they taste somewhat burnt and astringent. Maybe they're using ES5 rather than ES6+? The original reference is this video of a "children's" book of the same title, read by Samuel L Jackson, for those who've never seen it [0]. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb0t9TUNLpg I have been following this GitHub issue for a while now, as a user and fan of Flutter. In my opinion, I have not seen a more clear explanation as to what problems hooks (both in React and as a general programming language architectural concept) solve exactly and why other solutions don't work. It is not merely about terseness or typing fewer characters but about the fundamental limitations of composability in class based approaches. This is the longest thread in Flutter's GitHub issues, and it has some lively debate by the creator of the issue, Rémi Rousselet, the creators of Flutter (Ian Hickson is one, who also wrote the HTML5 specification), and even the creator of Redux, Dan Abramov. I recommend, if you have the time, to follow the discussion between Rémi, @rrousselGit, and Ian, @Hixie, which contains the most pertinent info. I also chimed in here and there, once I understood hooks more thoroughly so that I could help others understand them as well in the thread. I'm biased but I'm building my own here: https://getartemis.app It combines a todo list and calendar. Currently though I'm working on a mobile version which you can see on my Twitter: https://twitter.com/satvikpendem/status/1446697663479562242?... I've discovered something similar, I also noticed ADHD type behaviors which led me to build my own thing as well: https://getartemis.app . I'd love to test out yours as well though, maybe we can give mutual feedback? Awesome, it's still developing right now but I should have the initial mobile version out in a few weeks or so. The web version doesn't exist yet just FYI, I haven't updated the landing page but I'm going mobile first then desktop. That's an old repo, I originally started it as open source but it's not open source anymore. I'm making it mobile first and doing the web version (the mockup video on the landing page) after the mobile version. The mobile version is coming along well, you can follow my Twitter or sign up your email address on the landing page for updates. To some extent but due to wanting to make the mobile and web versions sync, I'm using a cloud database so it won't be fully local. Well, web.dev is owned by Google after all Pretty neat, I came to the same conclusions and working on something similar here: https://getartemis.app More info here: https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/game/assassins-creed/discovery... https://assassinscreed.fandom.com/wiki/Discovery_Tour:_Ancie... You can explore all of it I think, haven't played it in a while. There are also tours of specific areas as well, like the Pyramids. FYI if you don't want your son to play the base game due to violence, you can buy the discovery tour versions of Egpyt, Greece, Vikings separately as stnadalone, which only contain the tours and not the stabbing and killing gameplay. I thought this was familiar, and I followed the link to see who else but myself who submitted the link. Looks like the project's coming along nicely. It's honestly funny to me that people think it's so rude to send a Calendly link first than a whole new app was made to solve that sole pain point, https://SavvyCal.com This is how the 1% rule works [0]. More generally, it's an application of the 80/20 or Pareto principle. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1%25_rule_(Internet_culture)#:... . Addiction is a physiological disease. Burglary is not. You cannot compare them just because they are both crimes, as they have different causes. Those that burgle choose to do so (and yes, their circumstances may lead them to do so, such as poverty) but those who are addicted cannot really choose, their body demands that they abuse the substance. The personal computer, probably. It has the most freedom of all devices, with games, mods etc. I mean, that's your personal opinion on >60 FPS gaming, it's not universally shared. I for one enjoy even single player games at the highest FPS I can get, which is why I have a 1080p 240 hz monitor. If the parent likes their games higher than 60 FPS then to them their 3700x really was a limiter in their enjoyment, something which the 5900x would not be for them. I do this and I'm making an app to do this basically. It's a todo list where each task has time associated with it, then you can play the timer to count down while you do the task: https://twitter.com/satvikpendem/status/1446697663479562242?... The website is at https://getartemis.app but it's still under development. I like doing it because I can see how much time it takes to fit in my day, since I usually time block my day. It might be routine so I can estimate the time but if I have a lot of tasks, I might over or underestimate and not get everything done that I'd want to. There's a process to getting those jobs, it's probably that you just don't know the process that would need to be followed. It goes like this: - Get enough experience at a junior level job, around 2 years. This should be enough to pass the resume screen. A lot of people can't get interviews so if that's the case then you need more experience in an in demand field. That field is usually web development these days, a lot of React and NodeJS in my experience. - Optimize your LinkedIn to get recruiters reaching out. This includes filling out everything LinkedIn asks you to fill out, and you should be getting recruiters in your inbox. Schedule with them to get interviews, they do the initial recruiter screen but they're not necessarily related to the company itself. - Once you can get interviews at big tech companies, schedule them out a few months in advance and then grind Leetcode. Leetcode is a website that offers coding problems and many big tech companies use these types of questions to screen people out. Google the Blind 75 list for reference. - Once you can do these questions well enough and fast enough, do the big tech interviews and pass them. If you don't pass, wait 6 months and apply again via your recruiter. Don't apply from the company website as you won't get a call back, they get too many applications to care about cold applications. You always want a warm application to a company. After 1 to 2 years of experience, you should easily be able to get 6 figure jobs, even remotely. Source, myself who's worked at the mid 6 figure level (400 to 600k) in less than 5 years of employment. Work 4 big tech / SWE jobs simultaneously like this guy: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=29861370 There are projects like Folding@Home although I assume projects like AlphaFold will subsume this sometime soon. Canada is a different market, it's often lower than the US. This advice applies to getting 6 figure jobs in the US. Why just on a Monday? I feel like not drinking on Sunday to Thursday would be more useful. To those wondering why lab-grown meat instead of going vegan: People are driven by incentives. People like meat, so instead of asking them to stop eating meat, which most won't do, make it a better option that fits with whatever the asker's goals are. In this case, you'd want people to care about animals or decrease environmental effects, so the way to do that while also considering people's incentives of loving meat is to have lab grown meat, or something close enough like plant-based meat substitutes that taste like meat. You will never get anything done by appealing to individuals to change their habits wholesale, that's just not going to happen, people are too entrenched in their defaults. You have to appeal to people's wants and desires and bend them towards your own goals. Impossible Foods and Beyond Meat (and now Micro Meat, etc) have got it spot on: economically target the incentives of wanting to eat meat but make them out of non-sentient substances like plants or bacteria growing muscle cells. That people still consider that everyone will go vegan or stop eating meat altogether is a fantastical view of the world, it has no basis in true reality. There will be more people contributing towards the lessening of the suffering of animals in the next few years via eating these non-sentient substitutes than has ever been achieved in the last century of the modern vegan movement, simply because it seems now finally that larger human incentives are being targeted directly, which is much likelier to effect change than individualistic pandering. As someone in the productivity space [0], it's hard to build a sticky enough product since there's a lot of churn. There have been many apps that have shut down in just the last few years, such as this and Woven, that I wonder if the money is not in such consumer (or even prosumer) apps like these and instead is in firmly B2B territory, where you can charge at least $100 a month, a market that would be a lot more sustainable user base than the fickle hands of B2C. [0] https://getartemis.app (my app) Thanks, the landing page is pretty old now, I'm working on a mobile app right now that is like a time tracker integrated with your to do list items, and eventually it'll integrate with your calendar, it'll cost some X dollars a month, where X But to be honest, I don't think consumers will pay much for subscription software, while businesses will. I'm thinking of pivoting to B2B, a calendar API product that other companies can integrate into, something like that. Interesting, very similar to what I'm building as well: https://getartemis.app I've done a lot of research into this calendar/tasks/notes space, how does this compare to - Sunsama [0] - Daybridge - Routine [1] - Agenda - NotePlan - Cron - TickTick and the hundreds of others out there? I've also seen a lot of apps like this shut down over the years, such as Sunrise [2], Woven [3] and more. Personally speaking, I even hesitate to continue on my own app as well because it seems the market is saturated with the same exact idea and style, but it seems that users aren't really that attached to one company for it to generate enough revenue to keep building. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24990238 [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26565629 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11676448 [3] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26882680 You are absolutely right, as someone also working in this space, I found it too fragmented to generate significant revenue [0]. Even in this current HN discussion, there are many people asking for various features like desktop and mobile support, source code integration etc. Figuring out a way to help solve all of everyone's problems will leave you doing nothing well, and I say this from personal experience. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32313370 Hah, I talked to some people on my email list and they said they wanted a GANTT chart tool themselves. I didn't originally mean to make it GANTT related since I've never used one myself, but it's an interesting observation. See my comment recently on another todo list calendar product manager app that had a Show HN [0]. Basically, there are so many of these apps (and even I'm building one) that there really needs to be something fundamentally different in the market as it's pretty saturated. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32312413#32313370 Heh, I've also been working on an app called Artemis ( https://getartemis.app ) for the last few years, although not related to dev tooling. Guess naming a company after the Greek goddess of the moon is not very unique. I am using Coolify ( https://coolify.io ), an open source self-hosted PaaS which is a relatively newer kid on the block compared to Dokku and CapRover. I tried both of these and I just didn't like how they were, always had some problem or another. In contrast, Coolify has a great GUI that abstracts away the most common things about PaaS hosting, like connecting to GitHub automatically for git push deploys, SSL certificates, reverse proxying and custom domain support, and best of all, having support for Heroku style buildpacks as well as Dockerfiles. I've been quite happy with it, the creator has a Discord and responds to issues very quickly. With regards to non-self-hosted options, I did try out Render, Fly.io and Railway but I found that their free servers were too anemic. I was compiling a Rust backend and it simply could not compile on their free servers. On Hetzner, for 5 bucks I could get a 2 AMD vCPU and 2 GB RAM machine that was sufficient to compile my Rust apps in a way that the non-self-hosted ones were not. I have a JS frontend app that works fine though but I wanted to keep everything under the same VPS, plus I can run other types of self-hosted services on it too, like Plausible analytics and a Ghost blog. I'm not sure if those are allowed on non-self-hosted options. All in all, it costs me 5 bucks a month, and I never have to worry about sudden upcharges for traffic à la AWS as in the very worst, my VPS goes down for a while. I'm now running about 20 different services on this 5 dollar box including databases and applications as well as other services, works just fine. I tried Dokku out but I didn't like the lack of GUI, I wrote in another comment but I've been using Coolify ( https://coolify.io ) as a great alternative with a built in GUI, also free and open source. That's true, I used to use Dokku a while ago but after some time I just wanted to take it easy and click buttons haha When I looked at CapRover recently, the GitHub integration in the docs required manually setting up a GitHub Actions integration and I couldn't exactly figure out what parts I needed to change since the example was for a NodeJS app, and I'm assuming it needed to be added or changed for each repo you want to track git pushes from. In contrast, with Coolify, you simply login with your GitHub account and it installs a (one-time setup) GitHub app onto your account that automatically sets up the webhooks and I didn't need to do any configuration after that, it just worked for all subsequent apps. That level of ease of use is the experience I had with Heroku and I do not understand why more self-hosted PaaS don't seem to replicate that as well. Also I like the Coolify GUI over the CapRover one, dark mode plus modern non-Bootstrap design is nice. Yeah I could but it's another hassle to figure out where to build and store those container images as I believe neither GitHub container repository nor Docker Hub are free for private images. I'm also not sure whether Coolify has Docker image support, so I've just been building and deploying on my server. It also does zero downtime deployments and queues builds so it doesn't bother me if the builds take longer than strictly necessary, because I won't have downtime anyway. Dokku has a very easy solution for connecting databases and other services to an app with "Dokku link." Currently with Coolify I have to spin up a database then take the link generated, like postgres://user:pass@host/link and then paste it into my env file for my app. It would be cool for Coolify to automatically inject those environment variables into my app when I link two services and apps together like Dokku does. It just needs to tell me what env variable I should be looking for, like DATABASE_URL, and then I can use that variable in my app. That's fine by me, because I want it to clone, build, and run my apps anyway. Hence why they said they want to "pay a little." If this is a common objection to the price of a good in a market, and if someone else comes by offering a simpler product at, for example, half the price, they could take the market. This is an example of a low-cost pricing strategy: https://stratechery.com/concept/strategy/low-cost-strategy/ I did not take this course but I took the predecessor CMSC 330, which was about interpreters, and it's fitting that the successor is about compilers. What I liked about 330 was the fact that we learned all three major paradigms of programming, imperative (Ruby), functional (OCaml) and declarative (Prolog). They've since changed the last one to Rust which I feel removes the declarative paradigm from being learned, but Rust is nice too, very similar to OCaml of course given its history. Anecdotally, I think UMD has one of the strongest and most interesting CS academic curricula I've seen. One of our projects in a class, CMSC 420: Advanced Data Structures, required us to implement Google Maps' turn by turn navigation using octrees, which was unlike anything I've seen in other school's curricula. UMD also has student-led courses that cover things that the CS program doesn't cover, such as full stack apps with React and NodeJS I believe. Thank you Jose. Are these videos available for non-students? Edit: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfZ7HFoaeSA7zPoGelA3aiw Indeed, which is why I use React even though new frameworks are popping up; the network effect of the ecosystem is just too strong. I originally learned VueJS but had to abandon it because the libraries I wanted to use just weren't there or were very sparsely supported. Also, I like hooks. This topic came up a few weeks ago and I commented [0] that I started using Coolify ( https://coolify.io ), an open source self-hosted PaaS that's similar to CapRover and Dokku but in my opinion the developer experience is a lot simpler since it has a GUI unlike Dokku (non-Pro version, anyway) and the deployment was easier than CapRover since it connects directly to your GitHub/GitLab account via their API. I've used a lot of the alternatives listed here but each one had some drawback or another. In contrast, I got a cheap 5 dollar Hetzner server and it's more powerful than any of what the free options here give you (Hetzner gets you 2 AMD vCPUs and 2 GB RAM), plus unlike AWS I never have to worry about whether I'm gonna randomly pay $10k this month due to a traffic spike. The only thing that was missing before was a good PaaS solution for the server (and I used to use Dokku before primarily) but Coolify solves that neatly. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=33077118#33077464 Don't conflate today's ethics (and especially your particular ethics that is derived from your lived experience in this day and age) with those of the past, they are highly different and cannot be reasonably compared. In the past it was seen as, if we don't sacrifice this child, our entire civilization might die. This was especially justified by those people of the past if there was prolonged drought or suffering where many people were already dying. Due to a lack of scientific context, they simply did not know any better, so we should not map our ethics today onto those of the past. Yes, I'd call it a site as well, not an app, my mistake. Ironically it's even easier to host an iframe than an image. I didn't want to really sit there and grab screenshots of every site, plus iframes are interactive which is interesting given that many of these sites use a lot of animations, for better or worse. I also don't have to do any upkeep really, as long as the site is live it will continue to be updated in the iframe since it's accessing the actual site. The only thing I had to do extra was download the site contents for a few of the sites, which block iframe hosting, but it's far fewer than getting screenshots for all of them. I even thought more deeply about the screenshot approach, going so far as to look into using Puppeteer or Playwright, but I decided against it because that's even more work than doing . I used Next.js because that's what I know, someone else on Reddit I believe asked if I could do the same in 12 hours with WordPress (or raw HTML, CSS and some scripts as you mention), which yes is possible but I don't know WordPress so I'd have to learn its quirks. The HTML/CSS/scripts version doesn't seem much easier, since that's basically what I'm doing in the React side as well, for-looping through the contents of a JSON file which Next.js handles generating HTML for automatically. > First of all, I spend a bunch of time looking up the best way to write something. That means stackoverflow, searching for libraries, etc. This is what I do normally and it's what I was tired of. I always had to search for the "best" way of doing something, and in the end I had more "shiny object syndrome" than actually shipping anything substantial. This led me to this current project. I didn't look anything up, really. I got distracted once or twice by second guessing myself, to which I had this train of thought, as an example: "Should I use iframes or screenshots? If it's screenshots I don't want to sit there and screenshot every single site. How could I automate it? I could use Puppeteer or Playwright, let me look at their docs. [30 min later, I'd realize I wasted my time and wasn't focused on the project]. Ok, iframes it is then. I know it'll make the site slow since it has to load a bunch of data, but iframes have advantages such as showing the interactivity of a site in its dark theme that screenshots don't." And on and on. So I gave myself a time limit and just started coding. The debugger/type checker in my case was TypeScript but even still there is barely any logic to the site at all (and thus no errors), the only major part was parsing JSON (which is predictably easy in JS/TS) and for-looping through it. Next.js also has hot reloading so I can see a live preview of the page on the left side of my screen with VSCode on the right, so I wouldn't say I'm one of the coders you're talking about, but maybe those people also do something like what I do and you perhaps just thinking they're coding without ever running it. I didn't code for 24 hours straight haha, that would have been quite something. I did it more on-and-off over the course of that time. Also I realize the site is very heavy since it's basically loading 20 other sites, if anyone knows how to make it load asynchronously or only what's in the viewport, as well as other ideas to keep the interactivity of iframes but reduce their size and loading speed, please let me know. That's a good idea, maybe even a short gif/video of interacting with the site that turns into an iframe on click. I bet I could squeeze a video into only a few megabytes or fewer. Just added the lazy sizes library, performance seems a lot better. Do you know how to change the placeholder for an iframe though? The docs say to use data-src for the placeholder but I'm already using that for, well, the iframe source URL. I also added the HTML attribute, not sure I can see any real change. Thank you. Some of the comments were pretty helpful, they helped me improve performance by lazy loading a lot of the content, so it works a lot better now. I have seen the "critical HN comments" before on some other show HNs so I know what you're talking about though. Hope me being an inspiration helps fuel you to do a 24 hour type challenge as well! Maybe that could be a good idea to build a directory of people doing such a challenge, I only know of https://24hrstartup.com/ which was live a few years ago but that seems to have only been a one-time event. Thanks, I did some performance optimizations by using the library react-lazy-load-image-component, now it loads pretty quickly and will only load iframes when you scroll down. True, however don't discount some of the complexity that arose regarding CORS and iframes. Also, I was tweaking the styling for some time, to make it look good on all devices. The barebones functionality, yes, I did indeed do it within 30 minutes, but the other parts take more time. I use an OLED as well (an LG C1 48 inch TV as a monitor actually lol) so I made the background black as, like you, I think #000000 looks good on an OLED. However, it can look quite a bit harsher than softer colors such as on the Linear or Radix examples. It's okay if you're making a brutalist site like mine is (with bold, big text) but it doesn't really look that good for other site designs. All that being said, I use the browser extension Dark Reader to crank up backgrounds to #000000, but I think most people would be annoyed at pure black. Did you really make this account just to write this comment lol Anyway, I did some more performance optimizations, it should load lazily more efficiently and not be as laggy when it does. I did some more performance optimizations including lazy loading. Let me know if it is still slow. Awesome! Yeah I didn't do any optimizations when I first posted here, but I added lazy loading on the iframe as well as React component lazy loading, so it looks like it's working pretty well. Thanks for your kind words. Could you please explain more about Cloudflare threads? I didn't see any reference on them when I googled it. Are you saying to periodically run a function that automatically saves the website locally and the iframe can point to the new local versions? If so, yeah I might do that in the future soon. That's a good idea about the color palette, I'll add that in there. Do you know of a way to automatically extract the palette or would you do it manually? Regarding the legality, I did look into it, it seems like iframing other websites should be legal based on what I read, but if anyone contacts me to take down their site, I'll do that. Thanks, hadn't heard of the comic challenge but it's interesting, not surprising many creative industries have similar challenges. I also know of NaNoWriMo, National Novel Writing Month, where people write an entire novel in one month. I think time-boxing effort is a great idea in order to ship stuff, like you said. Yeah, I used to obsess over the best tool for the job too, but I realized I'm not actually getting anything done. I'd rather get something shipped and have it be somewhat shitty (like here where I'd initially not done any performance optimization but added it later) than to obsess over perfection and not have anything to show for it. Hey Lee, I actually have your personal site as one of my examples, hope that's alright. Do you know if Next has iframe lazy loading as well? I'm using `loading="lazy"` which works but didn't work as well as the package I'm using that's on the React side, react-lazy-load-image-component, which works for iframes as well, and it actually doesn't even mount the component until it comes into view, which didn't seem to be the case for `loading="lazy"`. Well said, thank you. I like the mix of traits you mentioned, that's how I see it as well. Thank you Stefan, appreciate your kind words. Hopefully you can try doing a 24 hour challenge as well, it really helps cultivate the shipping muscle (my friend once told me shipping is like a muscle, you need to work it regularly and practice it to get good at it, I really liked their advice). Note that the author, Michael Weinberg, is "Executive Director of NYU Law School's Engelberg Center for Innovation Law and Policy" as well as "President of the Board of the Open Source Hardware Association." He is an actual lawyer (who also knows about open source) unlike most people I see who comment online about Copilot, and whether something is fair use or not. I'm not going to comment on whether he's right or wrong, lest I fall into the same trap I just outlined, as I'm also not a lawyer, but, unrelated to this particular case, I see this kind of thing often on the internet (as well as real life), where people who have no knowledge or experience about a particular topic go on to comment as if they were an authority on the subject. I see it on /r/legaladvice and other subreddits, and on HN here in many cases, including on certain lab leak theories. It reminds me of the Gell-Man Amnesia Effect. Google Books also shows verbatim passages of text, sometimes entire pages much longer than what Copilot typically emits, yet Google Books was deemed to be fair use by the courts. I've edited my comment above to show that he's also president of the Open Source Hardware Association so I think he knows how open source code works. Sure, however I would trust a lawyer's words on legal matters (which the article he references is making it out to be, not merely a technical software engineering matter) more than non-lawyers, just as I'd trust a doctor's words than a non-doctor's on medical matters. Thanks. I think I'll migrate over to images or videos instead of iframes actually, as my bandwidth is getting overloaded due to how heavy all the websites are, whereas I can optimize images and videos. > but typescript developers will not learn rust to improve the typescript compiler. Why not? TS has much more in common with Rust than with JS, in terms of typing. Compiler engineers are not that prevalent in the community, but they are much more prevalent in the systems engineering world which Rust is a part of, so I'd assume it's actually more beneficial to have a compiler in Rust than in TS because it would mean more people interested in contributing. Compiler engineers will be far more familiar with Rust, C++, C and other similar languages than with JS, so it doesn't really matter whether TS and JS are similar as long as compiler engineers can use their preferred language to build the compiler. GIFs are even worse, no? I use ` ` now which basically act like GIFs in that they autoplay and loop but don't consume the storage space of GIFs. https://web.dev/replace-gifs-with-videos/ has some good comparisons I do this through calendar notifications but I agree that there isn't as much granularity, such as "ping me X times a week but once I finish a task, stop pinging me." Calendars don't keep track of that kind of state and thus aren't well suited to this kind of productivity tracking. I'm building something in the same space [0], the landing page is outdated but the version in my head is similar to your idea, as a mobile app in Flutter with a Rust backend API, and Twilio for the SMS, calling, and emailing. And good for you for cutting scope and just launching! That's what I did a few weeks ago, I built a site in 24 hours, launched it on HN and Reddit, and got 20k visitors in a 48 hour span after launching [1] because I was tired of procrastinating launching products. I also got a lot of really good feedback from the launches, so now I'm learning that launching early and often is key to iterative development. Don't worry about the pricing by the way. I'm going to make my app cost $20 a month simply to weed out people who won't take habit formation seriously. Those that want to buy it will buy it and those that won't, well, they're not really worth caring about since they're not your customers anyway. [0] https://getartemis.app [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=33303269 Having made something similar [0], and having seen a lot of these types of tools, I'll paste a comment I made before [1]: """ I've done a lot of research into this calendar/tasks/notes space, how does this compare to - Sunsama [0] - Daybridge - Routine [1] - Agenda - NotePlan - Cron - TickTick and the hundreds of others out there? I've also seen a lot of apps like this shut down over the years, such as Sunrise [2], Woven [3] and more. Personally speaking, I even hesitate to continue on my own app as well because it seems the market is saturated with the same exact idea and style, but it seems that users aren't really that attached to one company for it to generate enough revenue to keep building. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24990238 [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26565629 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11676448 [3] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26882680 """ [0] https://getartemis.app [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32312413#32313370 That's true, I'll probably implement purchasing power parity once I do launch it. Composition over inheritance, not only useful in CS but also in linguistics. It makes sense not because both use languages but because both manipulate non-physical abstraction and thus come up with similar paradigms. Composition is akin to agglutinized languages where there is a base and affixes are added to convey concepts like subject, object, plurality etc, such as Chinese or Thai. Inheritance is akin to fusional languages, like Latin, where each word is a root and changes (or declines) based on the aforementioned concepts by for example changing the word itself. > build something original or financially viable > I‘ve had dozens of ideas I didn’t pursue further after asking myself „if this is such a great idea, why hasn’t somebody else already done it?“. You're conflating the two ("original" and "financially viable"). In my opinion, your mindset is fundamentally flawed. I'm not saying this in a negative way, I just mean that I've seen it before in others, and I myself used to think like you, so I can understand what you mean. The truth is, clones make money. You don't need an original idea to be financially successful, at the 4 to 8 figure range. Indeed, if you simply want to quit your job rather than make billions, you should be in a market with many competitors so you can carve out a small slice of it. If you instead are building a whole new market, like Airbnb or Uber, you can carve out a much larger slice but that requires a fundamentally different way of working, ie raising lots of money, teaching your audience (before Uber, who'd get in an unlicensed stranger's car?), and marketing the hell out of your startup. Instead, find a nice, large market with lots of competitors, and start building something. As you build, you will naturally find competitive advantages that differentiate you from your competitors. I also thought I needed to find something totally unique and original, ie an all new market, but I realized that was not the way to have success. Instead, I use an already successful market but then build something in those spaces. See https://indiehackers.com for more info. Isn't it the case that you can throw a rock anywhere in Italy (and Europe in general) and find some priceless historical artifact? Read this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31352108 It talks about how the author waiting too long to ship and regretted it. I've used it, it's fine I guess, nothing super outstanding. I don't want to be that guy on HN, but the way they market themselves as being some revolution in browsing while simply wrapping Chrome like others like Vivaldi (which also has a lot of customization), Edge, Opera etc is not that interesting. It's even less so when I would lose adblocking due to Manifest v3 because, really, how long will these browser makers continue keeping a fork around before eventually giving up? A true browser revolution would be something written from scratch like the recent SerenityOS one. Of course, the average person won't use it, but that's what it would take to truly be revolutionary. In the meantime I'll continue using Firefox. Those here talking about what the author is saying is actually a 10x engineer are missing that he's criticizing the meme of a 10x engineer [0] over an actually 10x more productive engineer. In a way, it's more of a joke article responding to a joke meme that has some good points over actually being a fully serious article criticizing actual 10x more productive engineers. [0] https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/10x-engineer Which are the four? I count Chromium, Gecko and WebKit. /r/AskHistorians, /r/askscience, /r/science etc See also https://prose.sh (I guess `prose` is a popular name in this space) and https://bearblog.dev . Recently there was a thread about GitHub Blocks, interactive elements within READMEs and Markdown files in general. If we could standardize that and support it, that would be cool. Also, isn't this basically what HTML does anyway? Indeed, putting more money in people's pockets literally increases prices through higher demand. Diffusion. If something is important enough, I will hear about it from people in real life, such as natural disasters, the weather, important global events, and so on. Rarely do I ever look at or read the news directly, it's simply a waste of time. Their point might be, don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good, perhaps. I was in Seoul, South Korea recently, and their public transit was simply insane. could get anywhere in the city with merely at most a 2 minute walk away from both my current location to the bus/train stop, and the end bus/train stop to my intended destination. For transit to longer areas, there were trains every 30 minutes at least to for example the coast from the center of the country. I saw plenty of disabled and elderly and they all were able to take the buses and trains, and they used a cab for the last mile. In contrast in the US, we don't have the transit at all, unless you live in a city like NYC, we just use cars everywhere. I wonder if this is a parody of all those comments/articles about quitting programming to go into carpentry, or woodworking, or farming, etc. I no longer build software - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24541964 Why software engineers like woodworking - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31687378 Death of a Programmer, Life of a Farmer - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9492110 --- The author also has some other hilarious articles: - How to get over your Impostor Syndrome and become a Professional Fraudster - Programmers, Please Stop Referring to your Significant Others as "Sugar Babies," You are Not That Rich (Also, They are Not That Hot) - How to Reassert Dominance in the Zoom Era as a Tech Bro - Book Review: 95 JavaScript Theses - I’ve been reading a lot of JavaScript books lately, and I have to say that "95 JavaScript Theses" is the best thing since the Protestant reformation. > Google has a high chance of being disrupted by AI-assisted search agents. I doubt it, Google itself has some of the most advanced AI in the world, including Google Brain and Deepmind. For them to be disrupted means that something truly revolutionary has come about, and not from Google's own labs. Wow the m̶a̶n̶ ̶h̶i̶m̶s̶e̶l̶f̶ chicken herself And yours is what I run my business on. Thank you! There is a difference between artists who create for their own sake, and commercial or professional artists who make a living off art. The latter is what many people worry about with AI. Of course, it's more an indictment on a lack of UBI than on AI itself; to blame it on AI is a Neo-Luddite-esque argument that confuses the root cause the root cause with the more proximal cause. It's akin to people being mad at immigrants taking their jobs than the forces of globalism. Who knew probabilistic systems were bad at exact problem solving? No, one plus one remains two. Yes, if you show an example, or even have the test file open, it will make the other tests for you. I use it. It's good for boilerplate code or basically anything where you can avoid looking at the docs. For example, I was writing an ML training loop and it correctly filled in the rest of the function after I wrote the first few lines. The code is basically what's in the pytorch docs, just fit to my model and scenario. Can you explain why they're a joke? If so, there are others too, like Fauxpilot, and the Salesforce one, both are open source I believe. I've used Kite, it simply wasn't as good as Copilot. I'm not sure why they say that Copilot still doesn't work well, it works well enough for me and I presume everyone else who pays for it. That being said, glad to see a lack of Our Incredible Journey type language here and more of a true postmortem of their business and technical decisions. It is rare to see a company go into so much detail when shutting down. Bears make money, bulls make money, pigs get slaughtered. VSCode with the vscode-neovim extension, which uses the full Neovim that's installed on your machine, unlike VSCodeVim which only emulates Vim. You get the best of both worlds this way, one-click editor extensions with the power of Vim. There is no unread marker if I recall correctly. Are you sure you're not using some HN browser extension? I'm using Refined Hacker News myself: https://github.com/plibither8/refined-hacker-news