If it fits your use case you can use std::valarray . See here: https://godbolt.org/g/JBSvuH Who did that? I saw no one talking about interpreted languages here. I am running linux on the Surface Pro. Works perfectly. Have you used Haskell? It can automatically generate a lot of things for you if you allow it. Sometimes I really find it amazing. Consent has nothing to do with actually caring about you. Never mistake the two. It's really simple he continously asked you those things because a single touch where you didn't it and he didn't ask you can ruin his life. The last good triple A game that came out and I knew about is The Witcher 3. Undoubtedly there are others but I don't see them. The online only game epidemic is what is causing this. There are loads of people who don't care about the next Dota 2, Fortnite or whatever the next time waste is without substance. But there are barely any games for those people. Most are moneygrabbing sequels with no actual life in them. The only country that seems to still be producing worthwhile games is Japan. That is a meaningless statement. You can do anything in (almost)any language that doesn't mean the basics are solved. That makes zero sense. If they were all failured they where not A players by definition. But why use a mac pro for that? It's not like UE4 only runs on mac or even has an advantage running on mac. I'm not sure there are very many people smarter then Elon. He no doubt unifies people to his cause but I doubt even a small fraction of them are actually smarter then Elon himself. I assume the compiler can easily optimize something like that similar to constant folding. Isn't that the case? Doesn't HTML also provide this feature? While being vastly more powerful and the only downside it cannot be printed accurately? He explicitly says if you don't share hardware with code you don't trust it's fine to disable it. Javascript is not code one trusts... Almost no one uses Intel's compiler for serious workloads afaik. Your entire point is irrelevant. Do you write any code? Because that is not allowed on iOS. Do you want to browse see an application and want to use it? Because that is not allowed on iOS. iOS is so far from being a useable OS that I don't think it will ever be anything more then an internet machine with light video and image editing capabilities. The last update to the ipad pro should tell you enough about what apple thinks constitutes a "professional" OS. That being said OSX running on a higher specced ipad pro CPU could be really awesome but I don't think that is what will happen. Really? For me the presence of a GC disqualifies D as the main replacement for C and C++. Yes and then you can't use most of the nice features of D. Forget about libraries. You are right most software it doesn't matter if you have a GC. However then D is not competing against C and C++ it's competing against almost every other language. The article does not present oil as the only tolerable alternative. Most of the article is about olives and not their oil. So what is it? Just stop using RSA completely or stop rolling your own RSA? The article sends mixed signals on this, I completely understand the latter as bad but I have used the RSA framework within .NET to sign messages before and I don't recall it being hard at all. With libsodium you still have to choose parameters though not that different from other crypto libraries(including .NET) So your plan is to attach an FPGA to the PCIe bus? To allow the FPGA to access peripherals on the Pi side or do you want the FPGA to make the pi a lot more powerful? if you have implemented fsync() to not sync to actual backing storage you have a bug in your design. That is orthogonal to caching the writes in RAM prior. Yes that is excess sugar consumption which the article talks about. I haven't seen any proof that this is the case. Can you link me some papers? don't take this the wrong way. I believe a man would also face significant hurdles to try and get hired after not being in the field for two decades. Honestly on paper such a person has less to offer then a cheaper, younger person who is fresh out of college. I mean If you don't do something for two decades you have forgotten most of it. To attribute your predicament to you being a women seems shortsighted to me. But this is only from the information I gained from reading your post and I don't actually know what experiences you went through. They aren't “math intensive fields”, they are "calculation intensive fields". dragonwriter was obviously being ironic. Meaning he thinks those ARE "math intensive fields". Which they really aren't. This question make no sense in the context of evolution. What do you think it's like pokemon where a species achieves the necessary requirements and suddenly it evolves into a different species? Did you actually try to run the Pi as a desktop replacement? That is what they are advertising. A desktop replacement that is useable for a couple of minutes and then throttles is not something you want. I bet you don't have a lock on your front door either. Besides you need incremental increases to ever be able to reach 100% security. If you shoot every single idea down because it's not 100% secure you will not get anywhere. Really? I think the best way to solve a problem is to code it. I can never see all the corner cases and logical inconsistencies before I start typing. I have tried to formally model software before I start writing it and in the end it was largely a waste of time because real understanding of the problem comes with coding the solution. Of course when doing it like this you write a lot of code which later is unused or bad. But I think that will always happen and it's just a matter of having the discipline to continuously clean up after yourself. If you want to have low quality solutions that kinda work on the first try then sure go for it. Your approach will inevitably lead to insurmountable technical debt that can't be paid off. Big projects should be cut into smaller pieces where each piece can be relatively easily rewritten. Building software is not even remotely the same thing as building a bridge. It would be more akin to the architect creating the drawings twice for the bridge. Once as an exploratory version and the second one the production version. Oh wait that is actually how architects work. In fact at my work we have multiple CAD designers(not architects though) and it's not uncommon for them to completely throw away a design and start over. I think code should be mostly the same. That's my point you CANNOT possibly come up with the right smaller pieces until you have a solution that you have verified works. What do you think other engineering principles do? They create a proof of concept. Verify it works and then create the real thing. That is why "real" engineering companies have hundreds of tools to test stuff. I really don't understand why people want software to be different. You write some shitty throwaway web app then sure go ahead and don't prototype anything just hire a "software architect" that designs something and use that. But do you want something that actually works then that is completely useless. Prototype, verify, start over if necessary. That is the way to write quality software. code is also an abstract model. The CAD designers absolutely test if things work. Why do you think almost every engineering bureau has 3D printers. What do you mean having proven it? As in you tested it and it works or do you mean you have formally using math that your solutions always gives the correct result? If it's the former then this is part of building it. An implementation without proper testing is incomplete. If it's the later I actually agree. Only the most sensitive of applications require that level of sophistication though. Go is not a systems programming language. Rust does fit the bill. Then why does it include a garbage collector? Garbage collection is totally unacceptable for a systems programming language. How have they proven otherwise? I only know of singularity which never went anywhere. It has nothing to do with being the "tall poppy". It has something to do with the public image of the company. Microsoft has created a massive amount of goodwill by doing incredible things for communities. Apple on the other hand is doing one fail after the other and isn't listening to customers. That's why Apple gets the hate. > Lisp machines were sold in the market, before UNIX Workstations won over thanks for being based on source code available at a symbolic price, thus cutting down their hardware costs. And yet despite their early popularity they died of. > ETHZ had their Oberon workstations servicing the complete CS department for around 10 years. I don't consider something running in a CS department as a success. CS department run all kinds of wacky shit. That's basically why they are there. > Midori powered part of Bing during its high time. An OS that runs a single application in the real world. That proves nothing. You haven't convinced me that a production grade OS implemented with a GC can tick every box an OS which doesn't have a GC can tick. On the contrary actually. For all the experimentation that has been done not a single one has actually panned out. The possible programs you can create that have a GC is a subset of all possible programs that can be created without a GC. I have heard of it. I have also heard of this little thing called change. afaik Microsoft hasn't recently done anything like embrace, extend and extinguish. > but, i'll bite - what incredible things for communities have they done? Visual studio code. .NET core. Making visual studio free. WSL, joining the linux foundation, typescript. I could go on... Java real time deployment has nothing to do with whether java can be considered a systems programming language. Why would it? That's a ridiculous conclusion. ANY language can be ran bare metal with enough effort. yes including C. C is a horrible language but it was the best choice back then. Now we have Rust though. Choosing any other language then Rust to greenfield an OS at this point is stupid. We do need faster horses. Especially now since CPUs we are at the cusp of CPUs no longer in speed. No. Designers at my company are also livid that there macboks keep breaking after a couple months of use. I wonder if they will still like them once half their machines no longer have functioning keyboards. An article about bad programmers by someone who is so bad that he can't handle putting up simple static text on a web page sanely is wildly relevant. > Thankfully Ford thought otherwise. Implying a language with a GC can go 10x as fast as a language without one. What are you smoking man I want some of that stuff. Yes those were the last generation were the keyboards are fine. No one uses computers older then 3 years here so we have large issues with having to send back macbooks multiple times a year. I generally judge a company on what they have done recently not what they did 4 years ago. only Rust at this time. Which macbooks do they have? 13 inch ones? That's not true. God doesn't imply he wants you to behave a certain way. Most religions work that way but a God which simply created the universe and doesn't care what humanity is doing is a possibility. Not equally authoritarian maybe. I don't think the US would have any more qualms about backdooring CPUs then China would have. eMMC is not at all better then SD card though. You really need a real SSD for industrial applications. What do you most people use their computer for? Web browsing, word. Maybe some foto or video editing. With the exception of word all of these things MASSIVELY gain from having lots of cores. Not sure where the myth that most people have single threaded workloads comes from because it's not true at all at this time. What? A war. What the actual fuck. How about you just wouldn't be salty about what other people think about cartoon drawings. What he wrote wasn't anything official like a eulogy. It was a hackernews post. God forbid someone writes an opinion in one those... 99% of single threaded industry software doesn't need more power. That's why all of these cheap office pc have i3 processors that are years old. Single threaded performance has only one real advantage at this time and that is gaming. I think multi threading performance is way more important in the real world. He didn't challenge anyone. If you express your opinion "Emacs is without a doubt the best editor" in some other context related to Emacs then you aren't challenging anyone. You are simply expressing an opinion. Opinions don't have to be challenged. I read hundreds of opinions every day and guess what: some of them I don't agree with. That doesn't mean they are declarations of war or anything of the sort. It also doesn't mean I have to fight that opinion. The vast majority of all opinions are stated as a factual claim. Especially in an informal settings like you know a hackernews thread. An opinion that deprecates something else is just a subset of all opinions. It doesn't deserve special care. > All specific opinions are subsets of all opinions. Yes and? why repeat something obvious. > Deprecating something is not a challenge if it is presented as subjective. It is the combination of deprecation and statement as fact (e.g. "without a doubt") that is confrontational. And confrontational opinions are perfectly acceptable in the correct context. My claim is that a context where any disagreement breaks social conventions is the wrong context. An opinion itself can never be confrontational. It's a person that takes it as a confrontation. Just like offense is taken not given. > But an expression of an opinion can be. If I say "I am 100% certain that [thing I like] is better than [thing you like]", that is a challenge to you. That's not a challenge. It's childish to feel challenged when someone else has a differing opinion. I can't even fathom going through life seeing everything somebody else likes as a thread to something I like. There is no argument. That's what you are missing. Someone expressing his opinion is not equal to starting an argument, in any context. Starting the argument is the person who actually starts the argumentation process. Then he should really know better. Not sure why you think the sentence you have written is even an argument. Yes! Unintentionally. Of course they are doing it. Youtube's content policy is so laughably bad that they probably have no choice but to take their own interpretation and use that. Most youtube creators have no money to spend on lawsuits with big corporate entities. Of course that counts. Why wouldn't that count. Not the entire internet is TCP/IP. Definitely not C. It's way to quirky to teach as a first programming language. similar things have been possible for years with C# in visual studio where you can deploy to azure with the click of a single button if you want to. What stops the government from just saying I want to target every single specific person that uses your app? Facebook and twitter are pure waste. Google is 90% waste. Google should just be a search engine and live on donations like Wikipedia. Fitting name. Just as a datapoint. I'm running Linux on the Surface Pro and outside some initial tweaking it runs great. It's not so difficult. It's just covariance and contravariance. C# has long solved this issue. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-g... 14.05% Is FUCKING GREAT considering they make their money over the misery of people. It's actually a disgrace that the profit margin is anything over 2%. I don't agree at all. No profit should be had for developing medicine. You deserve a nice salary for your work but no profit should be made by the company. Don't hate the player hate the game. The consumer didn't choose to have greedy companies that like to make a quick bug over someones suffering. What? A person being sick only exists because of "greedy companies"? Are you on drugs or something? The problem is the refusal of hollywood to release true 60fps content. I'd take a 60fps version of a movie any day over 24 or 30 fps. Not sure how that is relevant to this discussion. That earnings release was before the current CPU lineup was released. Why? Seriously. This sounds as crazy to me as someone saying: "I, for one, don't want to watch movies that aren't 320p." Because they are not really "code". Just like I don't consider someone making cookies from ready cookie dough a baker. There are no unrelated people if that is the ask of the government. What would "usually" require a warrant? What's your point? Outhouses are still alive and well as well. Doesn't mean modern sanitation is vastly superior. Not sure what that has to do with this discussion. forecast are just that forecasts. They are irrelevant once real data has come out. I don't doubt rational people choose limited tech in specific circumstances. I doubt rational people choose limited tech in all circumstances. What would you think about someone that only wants to see black and white photography and won't even take a look at full color photographs? Yes each of those websites still use PHP under the hood. But by that argument each of those websites can be counted as using C as well. As well as machine code. It has nothing to do with the code being spaghetti or not. It's about a level of abstraction where I no longer consider something made with wordpress as something created with PHP. The PHP was allready created and then someone just clicked a few menus to choose what existing PHP he or she wanted. The more fitting category would be just calling such websites "Wordpress" websites and not PHP websites. I wouldn't consider it python code if it is a cookie cutter website where the creator didn't have to write a single line of python. It's not about deployment it's about the process of creation. Why don't you consider each and every website running PHP also a C website? > So if I got someone else to press the deploy button in bitbucket, it suddenly isn't python code? That doesn't make sense does it? You completely ignored the most important sentence in my comment which addresses this. > The web site/app logic is written in PHP, not C. The runtime for the vast majority of PHP deployments happens to be written in C. The logic is written in PHP just as much as it is written in C. The logic is actually written in the language the creator used. Which is the wordpress UI. Why? Every single time I see 60fps content it feels like higher quality then standard. Where do film people scream about higher framerates? I know at least that James Cameron want to move to 60 [1]. [1] https://www.cinemablend.com/new/James-Cameron-Still-Making-T... Indeed, fertility rates can change rapidly. However it's foolish to simply claim it can change so it will. If the current trend continues the Japanese people and culture will be lost to time. This is simply not true. I often it "raw" meat without adding salt or any sauce. There are some meats which taste pretty to close to nothing but this isn't even close to the case for most meats. Something tasting better is not the same thing as the original tasting like nothing. Meat with good seasoning tastes better then no seasoning but that has absolutely nothing to do with you claiming meat tastes like nothing. NixOS + i3 on surface pro. Couldn't really ask for a more convenient device really. Not really a language feature since it's compiler specific but you can relatively easily write static checks using clang-tidy which is a code analysis tool for C++. http://blog.audio-tk.com/2018/03/20/writing-custom-checks-fo... I don't agree at all. Your comment basically says: "It used to suck badly. So don't complain it sucks now.". I think dynamic typing is the bane of good software and we as an industry should try to actively discourage new code to be written in dynamically typed languages. That's not to say that Python doesn't have it's place. But I see it more as a programming language for small utilities no more then 2k loc in length. What? Tests don't guarantee correctness. Sophisticated type systems can prove correctness. See Idris for instance. Are you saying the same thing about casinos? That children should be able to go to casinos? And the parents should just make sure their children don't actually go to the casino? That sounds wholly crazy to me. Loot box mechanics should automatically result in a mature rating for the game. All the languages you mentioned are statically typed though so they already have a large advantage compared to Python. To be honest if I can choose to inherit a 1M LoC code base I would even choose COBOL over Python. I don't have a problem with all games containing even the hint of loot boxes getting the mature rating. The regulations should be just as strict as for casinos. If a game company wants to run a casino along with their game then it's their right but then don't expect to be treated differently. Loot boxes and in game purchases aren't the same thing. I mean I can reject my nature and stop breathing. That is until I pass out and start breathing automatically. I can reject my nature and stop eating and drinking but that has swift death associated with it. We can try and reject our nature but it seems eminently naive to me. What's your proof that this in in humanities nature? Not all actions we took during history are in humanities nature. It seems more likely to me that humans were forced to do stuff like that due to other things in our nature like needing to eat and drink. This comment makes no sense to me. OOP language aren't explicit in what function is pure. If I'm working on a 10MLoC project and touching hundreds of methods while working I can't lookup the implementation of each one to determine whether they are pure. And no a comment saying they are pure is not sufficient. The above is trivial in FP languages. D pure function aren't really pure though. They can modify the arguments that are passed in. Great concept otherwise. Yes I know what it is. I simply don't understand what that has to do with my original comment. What a bad article. It uses a paper the asserts women aren't better at multitasking as proof that women do more work. On a website called sciencealert no less... The only thing that is that women seem to do more housework based on a survey. It's quite funny you post this on this article since it's literally about kids in the developing country becoming LESS limited. Can you provide an example? I have a hard time believing any arbitrary computation can be build without conditionals. But cellular automata have conditionals. That is the entire point of having a state in each cell and then doing something based on that state. Yeah true but I wouldn't call storing every possible result of a system in for instance a lookup table a computation. That is just precomputing all the results and then running a lookup. If I have a lookup table of all the values of the sine and then use that lookup table to get the result of sine for specific value I haven't computed sine, I just looked it up. Same. Sustained performance is also a lot better for me if I disable turbo boost. I'm noticing a frequent problem with a handful of construction workers. Rather than constructing for the 80% of what a building must do, they think of all the possibilities that go wrong and start from the edge cases inwards, which individually represent a small piece of the whole. I would rather they deliver a building and just let it collapse when an edge case occurs. Working in the manner they do is causing them to miss deadlines with nothing to show. I'd be ok if they missed deadlines but a building could already be used for 50% and it's well documented what it doesn't do, but we're getting to the finish line with no useable building yet. The comment was more of a joke. But the message behind it is something I do believe. Software at this point in time is kind of a joke. It's plagued by so many problems that people don't even blink anymore when there is software bug. The kind of attitude OP has is precisely the problem why the field is a joke. Self driving car technology has huge public benefit. Reduced accidents. Increased time for people using self driving cars. Companies no longer needing to pay for staff that pilots cars. Just the time and cost savings alone for private people and companies is hard to be overstated. Initial investment is incredible. Just look at how much money and time has already been spent on trying to implement self-driving capabilities and we aren't close yet. But once the technology is developed and available the cost will probably be pretty low. A couple of sensors and processing. I feel like maintenance cost will likely be smaller since a self driving car in theory at least can detect any issue much quicker then a human. This is all speculation of course but human drivers are very expensive. Quick googling says about 20k to 45k per year for a truck driver. Even if initial investment in self driving technology costs 50k per unit more it's still incredibly advantageous to do so. Yes of course. Programs on windows also can use the full set of windows APIs and Services and not pay microsoft. It's not actually a developer using those APIs the consumer is using those APIs through an application and the consumer has paid for those APIs and Services by buying the phone. Guns primary purpose in a civilian setting isn't destruction it's intimidation. What's more stable and predictable about Intel then AMD? I'm genuinely curious. If you are upgrading you will have to buy a new motherboard anyway and thus it's not like Intel has a particular advantage there. AMD has way better offering for the server market since every chip can handle ECC RAM. I feel that all of this would be MUCH less of a problem with simple code that are required on each USB cable with the exact specs it supports. This code could be put into a tool which then decodes to show what exactly that cable supports. This is such a funny post since USB-C cables which support more then the basics are actually destroying the PI. Great for him! I think it's quite ridiculous how we as a society structurally deny progress in the name of social justice instead of letting justice be dolled out by the government. What? GPL forces SIGNIFICANTLY more control on users then for instance the MIT license. Developers are also users of a piece of software. GPL 3 restricts developers in insane ways where they are forced to contribute back any changes and even worse then that it basically infects all code that it touches. It's almost impossible for a commercial product to use GPL 3 licensed software at all. This is basically tyranny. I really don't follow. What does Epsteins background have to do with the funding he was bringing to MIT? People aren't one dimensional. What Epstein did was disgusting, it has nothing to do with him funding some MIT research. MIT taking that funding is not in any way supporting what Epstein did. You think Epstein funding some research washes him of his past transgressions? I have never heard anyone say that. Nor do I think we should stop people that have done wrong from doing right afterwards because it could "wash their reputations from past transgressions". We have something called the law that should bring justice to people. That is more of a problem of individuals with large amounts of money having too much power then anything else. Why not? They did both. We should recognize them for both. Why do you feel the need to portray them in such a one dimensional way? Not really. Someone doing something really bad will always have their image tainted. That doesn't mean we should stop them from doing good. Look at Bill Gates for instance. People still give him a lot of shit for what he did 20 to 30 years back even though he objectively has done a lot more good now then bad. Bill Gates did both of those things. We shouldn't forget either. Depends on what you mean by recognize. I certainly don't think we should hide it. I also don't think we should "forget" the person is a rapist. But the main point I am making is that we shouldn't stop the rapist from making charitable givings. Nor should we punish institutions for taking that money. How do they make a sleazeball look like a boy scout? This doesn't answer the question. You really think a person that knows Epstein has done the things he has done and knows about the "The Jeffrey Epstein Research Lab at MIT" is going to think that Epstein is some A OK dude? I didn't hear about the evils of Jeffrey Epstein. In fact I didn't know the guy at all. But to disprove your point. If I go back one year with the wayback machine and look at his wikipedia the first sentence on his page mentions he is a registered sex offender[1]. [1] https://web.archive.org/web/20180807122025/https://en.wikipe... Is there actual proof of the government knowing about Epsteins actions and looking the other way because of his donations? I find that really hard to believe... Is there any proof to your claim? What do you mean getting away with what he did for so long? He was sentenced more then 10 years ago for having sex with underage girls. Donating money doesn't make you a philanthropist. I'm not caping(? not sure what this means) at all for Epstein. I simply think it beyond ridiculous to fault an institution for taking donations from any individual as if that act implies the institution agrees with all actions that individual has taken. I'm not sure the trafficking was even on the radar at that point. The legal proceedings didn't even start yet. It's no wonder it's not on Wikipedia then. The problem was Ito accepting donations from a black listed person. Nothing more nothing less. Ito wasn't in the position to make that call. Yes and that is indeed a problem. Joichi was willfully going behind M.I.T.s back to get those donations. And that should be a reason to fire Joichi. However that is completely separate from believing that blacklist to be valid. I don't think such a blacklist should exist at all. But it's not the call of the researcher itself to bypass it. That has nothing to do with your original point which said that his donations allowed him to work as a sex trafficker. I can't view this for some reason. Is there an alternative where I can read this article? Doing anything with expect is basically only coding for the happy path. It's fine for some throw away script but as soon as you need any kind of reliability it's useless. Have you ever asked yourself if an API can return an infinite amount of responses how many conditional you would need to handle that? The output of a terminal is just simply too unstructured to work in any high reliability environment. That's a bold statement. Do you have any proof to back it up? But you make no logical case that this was actually found out because of diversity. It's really sad the guardian doesn't quantify at all how contaminated the water is. This basically has no news value because of it. Is this a good idea? Is this a bad idea? No way to tell without any hard numbers. > Is a fact that radioactivity kills people. No need to demonstrate it statistically. We have enough empirical evidence. It's a fact radioactivity kills people over certain thresholds. This is the same as saying water kills people or potatoes kill people. Radioactivity itself is not bio accumulative. Some radioactive particles are bio accumulative. Your post shows a staggering amount of misinformation which is exactly the reason we need hard numbers. This would be a huge red flag for me. I fully expect suggestions from newly on boarded devs. That is actually one of their most important skill since they aren't encumbered yet by the existing context and can see things in different lights. This is a technical impossibility right now. Any inside out tracking will need at least one camera, multiple if you want it to be good. I have similar experiences with the range-v3 library. Being a huge fan of LINQ I really wanted to love it. But it was just too limiting. The big advantage of something like ranges is that you should be able to quickly write something declarative. But it's just frustration after frustration. The "ugly" code at least works the first time with easily predictable performance characteristics. Ridiculous. HN censoring important news... I guess the best time is over for this site and it's time for something new. It's because it's immensely cool what humanity can continue to achieve. Are you using green media? Green media is very abrasive and it's recommended to burn them in before usage. This can literally saves you thousands upon thousands in tape drives. Yeah this seems pretty useless to me. Controlling pins on an FPGA from a microcontroller... Why not just control the pins on the microcontroller directly? FPGA are WAY more flexible then a microcontroller is. You can literally just use your FPGA as a microcontroller if you want. Reprogramming them is not a chore at all anymore since you can write stuff for them at a much higher level of abstraction then you can for microcontrollers. Complexity only really starts once you start having issues with timing closure or are forced to implement an DDR SDRAM controller. This all heavily depends on the toolset you are using. There are easy statistical methods to still get useable data from something like this. Average is just the average. Because of something called justice? It was really ridiculous how he was treated while he didn't do anything wrong. Uninformed masses will still see this guy as a bad person for years to come for no other reason that the media is lying to them. What has he done wrong over the years? I keep seeing people say this in this thread without any reference or anything concrete. Actually they must use the worst pilots. If they use average pilots that means 50% of the pilots might be out of their depth flying that plane. What kind of insanity is this? This is false dichotomy. The media spend incredible amount of energy destroying this guy for no apparent reason. It's not more then fair the same amount of energy is spend helping him for the injustice that was done. Beside it's not like the media is lacking in energy to spend on inciting social justice mobs. If the skill variance is pretty low then you might as well use test pilots. Their skill will hardly be better then the worst of the worst. I don't think there is actual data on skill variance among professional airline pilots so I rather they just force testing on groups which are statistically more significant to get into crashes. This asshole? Without "this asshole" the world would look vastly different today. This guy isn't even an asshole as far as I can see. It is a false dichotomy, you are pretending that defending the injustice done to Stallman somehow takes away focus from other injustices which is not at all apparent. The community cares so much about him because he has done significant amounts for the good of humanity. Some people blown up by a drone strike aren't known at all by the community and haven't proven themselves to be invaluable. It's the same reason that you would be sad when a person close to you dies and yet you don't feel the same way when some African kid starves. People indeed get fired for smaller infractions but those people haven't even closely created as much value as Stallman. It's even worse then if he had the wrong skin color because at least that's real. He has been lynched because of straight up lies by the media. This article just seems like someone who is obsessed about how hard other people work. I really don't get it. Why not do a job the best you can handle? Maybe that involves "hard work" however you yourself define it or maybe it doesn't. It really doesn't matter. Can you tell me the formula which will approximately give me the max TDP used by a recent Intel CPU based on its rated TDP? No. You didn't get that right at all. You asked why people are defending him and I gave you an explanation. The comparison I made with the african kid was specifically made to clue you in on it but it seems it went over your head. Multiplexing doesn't have to flicker if you do it fast enough. How is it douchy? If I write a book about calculus and people say it's too hard, because they don't know what a function is, is it then not more then fair to say to them they should first know some basic math before attempting to understand my book? That's basically just helping the reader to me and not condescending in any way. Most people I know are unfamiliar with school-level math. They had it one or two decades ago and forget most of it. It's not a skill that is used day-to-day. Wow... It's really incredible how a bunch of SJWs have ruined one of the greatest forces of good. My heart goes out to him. I don't live anywhere even close to where he is looking for housing. Can you name 20 people who have factually done more good then Stallman that are currently alive? I don't think 20 is absurd. But feel free to name 10. Here I can start the list for you: - Bill Gates. For saving in the hundred millions lives through his foundation. - Arunachalam Muruganantham. For low cost sanitary pads which have helped millions of women. - Elon Musk. For starting a green revolution in the notoriously dirty car industry which will save millions of lives by saving the environment. That's why I specifically mentioned starting a green revolution. Without Tesla current car companies wouldn't be racing to build cheaper electric cars. I didn't mean that people would all buy Teslas I think it will happen. Buses are already electric where I am from. Won't be long until trucks are too. Police officers taking criminals off the street is a small good. Same with firefighting. It's simply doesn't compare to the impact Stallman has had. TBH proprietary tooling this is just not the way to go. The FPGA space needs solution which works across FPGAs of different vendors. Besides there are way better alternatives to VHDL and Verilog that I feel High level synthesis is kind of dead. Clash mainly. I have also heard amazing things about bluespec but I have never used it myself. Your comment about clash and functional languages not handling state correctly are shortsighted. I have implemented real systems using Clash. The usability is simply leaps and bounds ahead of stuff like System Verilog and System C. The real headache of Verilog and the like is that it has little ability to abstract making you think that the real problem is stuff like multidimensional array indexing. I'm not sure what you expect on a front page of a technology they have to show really simple toy examples and can't really dive in deeper. It's a front page... You can find myriad of more involved stuff if you would have googled for 5 seconds. For instance this https://clash-lang.org/blog/0001-matrix-multiplication/ . Java and Scala are at about the same level of what you can do with both. Clash isn't really at the same level as VHDL or Verilog. You are right that it still compiles down to VHDL or Verilog but that doesn't mean anything. Haskell also compiles down to machine code. Does that mean you might as well write machine code? Of course not. What's your point that there are other languages that compile down to Verilog? I have tried some of them and most of them try to shoehorn a software language into digital design which doesn't fit. Mostly because it's (almost) all proprietary. None of the companies are investing in a truly usable solution. It speaks volumes that a handful of developers working for free where able to create a vastly better experience with yosys and friends. This. It's not so hard, any competent software engineer could learn HDLs in one or two weeks. The fucking toolchain though? Months... I have seen some code written by software engineers that was bad and also a lot that was good. They simply need to be taught how HDLs work which is conceptually simpler then something like C++. I very much disagree that most issues are hardware specific. FPGAs all work the same way. What is different is the IP that can be ran on different FPGAs but that is generally a tooling problem not inherent to the problem domain. HDLs are conceptually much, much simpler then C++. HDLs actually are a tool for programming FPGAs, that this is actually programming hardware is an implementation detail. This is incredibly naive. There are algorithm where CPU but GPU easily. There are also algorithms where a GPU beats a CPU easily. There are also algorithms where an FPGA beats a GPU and a CPU easily. You simply can't say x is better then y in general. They all have their own domains. what about rm -rf? fuck the GNU project. I no longer can take it seriously after the events that have occurred. Disgusting bunch of people. I don't show respect to people that throw their leader under the bus at the first sign of trouble. They have achieved some cool technical stuff but that is no excuse for being a sad sack of a human. Lua is really not a nice language... These people are not in any way the leaders of a group I belong to. I'm not part of GNU. So I'm not doing the same thing at all. Me writing off a bunch of people that are mostly unrelated to me and a group of people expel their leader are vastly different things. There is(should be) an inherit trust from the leader to the group and the group to the leader. It's fine for the group to expel. What is not fine in my opinion is for the group to do this under external pressure. This clearly show the group has no allegiance to the group itself. Only to winds of external pressures. It basically proved GNU is not really serious group. Just window dressing. Which would have been fine. It's not fine that this happens when external pressure due to the media is happening. That's exactly right. Governments enforce their power through force and major corporations through money. Not groups that deserve any respect or their stance be taking seriously. It does when that mass media attention is based on easily verifiable lies. Yes governments job is to respond to the people. I'm not sure what your point is. That inherently makes the government a group that can't be trusted. It's too fickle to be trusted. Just like the other thousands of wires in a car? Get real... This hardly looks like database corruption. More like a bug where some characters are not properly escaped. Do you have any examples of this? I don't feel people I have met from elite schools actually know more material theory then from other schools. If I look at online courses the content of those from elite schools doesn't differ much from courses I have taken in a non-elite school. Not really. All of these bugs only matter in a single scenario: You run untrusted code. If you don't do this simple action you are not vulnerable. This is true!!! The real problem for me is the IP's. You really do need a DDR SDRAM controller for a lot of real project. Or a PCIE IP to communicate with external resources. If I just use the proprietary tooling it's just a click away to integrated this into a project. Open source has no answer for this as of yet. Now that we have some nice FPGA's we can use I think this is the next biggest hurdle. Then no programming exists at all. When writing a C code you are describing a program that runs on the C abstract machine. The same thing holds for all "programming" languages. How so? Then why did you start the discussion? An FPGA is a computer just as well as any CPU. Yes an FPGA is a different computer then a CPU. It's still a computer though. This is the definition of a computer: > An electronic device for storing and processing data, typically in binary form, according to instructions given to it in a variable program. [1] It fits an FPGA perfectly. [1] https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/computer FPGA accepts "variable program"s. What you are talking about are peripherals. A CPU with certain peripherals can also be completely inflexible. That is completely outside the scope of what a CPU or an FPGA are though. Since I don't think a true optimal route is necessary here I would have checked out RRT instead of a*. There are variants of it that are much much faster that can find almost optimal routes. If you guys want to explore this further you could look into integrating ompl[1]. It has a variety of planners that could be used. I believe you could get an order of magnitude improvement using something like that. [1] https://github.com/ompl/ompl I can write a computer program in 5 minutes that is able to perform decisions which vary based on input. That doesn't mean that program has free will. Quantum mechanics obviously provides a physical mechanism to implement free will. Whether this is the case is a different matter but the laws of physics don't rule it out. Yep... I don't really want to interface with morally corrupt people. Fortunately NixOS exists. It's not a reward. If we give the same to a 60 IQ person as to an 150 IQ person the world would be vastly different. trillions of dollars would be wasted purely on incompetence. I can't even fathom desiring such a world. Why not just learn Haskell? It would be decidedly faster then re-implementing everything... How the fuck is that possible? It was one of the largest film franchises at the time. How long till we get video acceleration? Why should I use this instead of Clash? If quantum randomness is controlled by a non-physical entity then it's just moving the goal posts. For me it's really simple. Free will is people not having a pre-destined path. If the non-determinism of quantum mechanics influences the way the lives of people change through their decisions this means there is free will. Everything else is really just pure philosophical drivel that can't be verified. They are not hard. They are just almost never taught. We simply accept it if someone has bad soft skills as if that person can't improve. Whereas we would never hire someone as a mechanical engineer if they didn't have the papers. What are these "highly effective" options? Why would you say doctors choose to kill people with chemo instead of these options? Well until Intel just says fuck it and lets TSMC manufacture their new stuff. I don't think TSMC has an exclusivity deal with AMD. Your points don't have much to do with being gifted though. Is it fine if "normal" kids get physically assaulted and bullied? Why do you want to make your code more complex by using select/epoll/etc and making continuation spaghetti instead of just embracing async? How can you take this seriously when the person who has written this article already moves gates into enemy territory because he didn't say who he would vote for. Absolute lunacy. No we aren't at "House on fire" state yet. Once people start dying en masse and wars are breaking out over liveable land and resources is when we have reached "House on fire" territory. We are currently at we know we have an electrical problem in the walls that we know will cause a house fire in the future if we don't fix it. That is a localized conflict. It really is a problem once the entire world is touched. If global warming will not result in large scale wars and people dying en masse it's not really a problem. It would mean global warning would only entail a reduction in quality of life not large enough to warrant violence. Even if global warning has a death toll of 10% of the world population I don't consider that a real problem. As long as humanity can progress afterwards it's fine. I never said it wouldn't be horrible. But let's be honest the human species lived on after WW2. I'm not sure where you got that I think that stopping global warming is horrifying, I don't think I ever said that. Beside that point that is not what I believe. I think it would be great if we could stop global warming. But I don't think it socially possible. The only glimmer of hope I have left is that it is only a significant reduction of the human population while the rest can move on. "You are currently dying in the fire" Would be humanity is extinct. Mass death and wars don't mean humanity is doomed. I'm not sure where you are from but in my reality you don't really bounce back when you are dying in fire. Check out CadQuery. It's miles better then OpenSCAD. Is there any good logic programming course I could follow online? I have looked but it's hard to judge quality when I don't have any experience with logic programming. Not wireless, not practically interesting. I want a phone that's small, light, is very powerful and has a battery that lasts a month. Look what you are asking for is not economically possible. The connectors you are comparing with are much larger and don't even have close to the number of lanes as USB cables. It's a useless comparison. I'm from the Netherlands and this story is not entirely true. This kid has been given a highly customized program where he didn't have to complete massive amounts of coursework that normal students have to complete. While I find it nice that a university provides this opportunity at the same time I also find it a largely unfair to other bachelor students that have to go along with the normal long program. It's a 3 year program that I believe the average student could do in at least half the time if they where give the same freedoms this boy has been given. It's not reusable. Ergo not a library. Why do you bring books and movies then? "You seriously can't mature through being alone in your own thoughts?" Huh? Most modern JRPGs are action based nowadays. The days of turn based are mostly over. Ah yes the classic close minded fool. My hobbies are fine and great but those video games and the internet are bad mmmkay. I don't even play video games and find your opinion so backwards that I get tingles on my back. No one said anything about needing to play video games all the time. They quite literally were forced to use C for some parts because Go is not a systems programming language. They write this in the article. Systems language is not only about performance. Where did you get that? Oracle doesn't charge per CPU it charges per core. Enjoy paying for 4240 cores! No Go isn't a systems language because for one you don't have direct control over memory if you need it. For instance Go doesn't even have the volatile keyword which is essential in many cases when interfacing with hardware. The paper you linked laments this as well. The first thought you should be having is what are you actually protecting? Is the value of your product in the PCB? Keep in mind that even moderately complex PCBs can be reverse engineered relatively easily. This is completely different. Smokers and anti-vaxxers are harming the public in a significant way. I wouldn't care for smokers if they could only do it in a hermetically sealed room where no smoke escapes from. Neither would I care for anti-vaxxers who are completely segregated from society so they don't hurt herd immunity. This says why not to use JWT for sessions. JWT aren't meant for sessions. This article is not an argument against JWTs. Very misleading tittle. Yes it's web scale so even the NSA uses it. JWT has nothing to do with sessions. It's a stateless authorization mechanism. I actually have never seen it used in production as a substitute for sessions. Can you show examples of production software that uses JWT as a substitute for session? You just described what happened to Star Wars perfectly. No but it will generate some sweet delicious outrage that can be used by the media to divert an important issue. We do know that more egalitarian countries lead to significantly pronounced differences in choices between male and female. That directly suggest that males and females biologically like different things. Please take a look at clash[1]. You can design digital circuits using Haskell and all the fancy language features Haskell has. It doesn't have a story for interop between the software world though. I love using it! [1] https://clash-lang.org/ You can target any FPGA. Clash compiles to VHDL or Verilog. I really disagree with this. HDLs are exactly like other programming languages. What in your mind makes HDLs fundamentally different to software languages? Your point about netlists doesn't convince me at all since you aren't creating netlists with a HDL. A description written in a HDL can be turned into a netlist. Yes it is. Just like stealing 1000 dollars from a billionaire is more defensible then stealing 1000 dollars from someone on welfare. The damage done on the former is nigh unnoticeable while the damage on the later would probably include starving without help. It's not ridiculous, its makes complete sense. It's because for years we didn't get shit. Intel kept/keeps releasing basically the same CPU with minor gains. In the 2000s we were accustomed to those doublings. Currently we are accustomed to the minor gains. AMD breaking that status quo has lead to the hype. Yes I have used HDLs. You are working on a creating a hardware configuration. But you are not writing a netlist. That is like saying when you are writing a software program that you are "working on the machine code". The only difference between a HDL and "software" languages is a different set of restrictions. Every software language/framework or whatever also has unique restrictions. The restrictions HDLs have are not in any significant way tangibly different then those that exist in the software land. You have software languages as well where "every line of code runs concurrently". Any dataflow framework for instance. That's not even to name functional languages where evaluation of statements can be done completely in parallel based on data dependencies. Software is a lot more then the old c style run a program line by line until it hits the end of main(). Huh? Why do you bring the law into it? No one ever said anything about that. Please don't put words in my mouth. I didn't say either of those cases isn't stealing. I'm not seeing the bank as a faceless entity. My point about the comparison with two people should clue you in on that. Your theory about if enough people steal from "the bank" doesn't hold any water since if that happens it's proven that the government will swoop in and save the bank as happened in the 2008 financial crisis. That's not even to say the vast options banks have to detect stealing if it would become such a huge problem. A person on welfare has little option. It's simple to me. a single person stealing from a bank incurs a lot less suffering then a single person stealing from a welfare recipient. The damage done is simply not even comparable. I'm not sure what your point is. Of course $1000 is $1000 dollars. That doesn't mean the relative value of $1000 is the same for all people. It makes sense if you believe that men and women generally have different interests. If you believe that the men and women don't generally have different interests it's a paradox. Are you suggesting we should start genetically altering ourselves for purpose of making men and women the same? Not likely. We aren't even trying to reach 'Peak intelligence'. Going to the moon is not comparable to obtaining fusion. The entire reason to go to the moon is political dominance. The goal of fusion is not political dominance it's nigh limitless clean energy. China would be stupid to share such a huge advantage with the rest of the world. It simply doesn't way up to the political gain. More AI talent? I feel that industry is already overstaffed and hyped to the max. it's NP-hard to determine the chromatic number of a graph. So I'd wager you wouldn't get far with a brute force approach. There are plugins that can do that. It's called spice[1]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPICE Did you read the twitter thread? Recycle mode bricks the device without communicating clearly to customer it's a kill switch for perfectly functioning hardware. There is a difference between reuse and recycle. A recycling centre won't generally reuse parts of a products it's just separated and new raw material is created from it if possible. The adult argument didn't fall through. If you pay a psychologist for an appointment and you don't show up the psychologist will happily arrange another appointment and gladly receive the money. You are comparing a job to university but they are not comparable in this way. I'm sorry but the LG TV you linked doesn't even come close to gaming monitors input lag. The link you posted measured 13ms while good gaming monitors have input lag of a about a millisecond [1]. That is an order of magnitude better. [1] https://turbofuture.com/computers/Top-Gaming-Monitor But then you are not writing portable python anymore. Sucks that it's openscad that doesn't support real CAD files like step. It only can output mesh data. If you haven't seen it yet I find cadquery[1] superior in every way. [1] https://github.com/CadQuery/cadquery Making it thinner again... It's not like the current XPS 13 had good thermals. I guess this will another be downgrade. So what? EULAs are mostly bullshit documents that aren't enforceable in most countries. What? This is patently false. Can you point me to a single case where a judge ruled it's illegal to run MacOS on non-Apple hardware So what you are saying that it's not actually a C REPL. It's a GDB expression REPL which is very different. What was the original point of your comment? Can you guaranty at compile time that any hash you switch on is unique? Else this is just really dangerous if you don't have perfect hashing for the object you switch on. Why would it yield to process B and not one of the hundreds of other processes running? How is it possible that there are only 2 background processes? Any normal Linux system has hundreds maybe even thousands of processes running. That doesn't matter that still doesn't guaranty yielding the thread will allow another specific process to run. Especially not if that process is soft locked to a different core. Oh boy... `-Wall` is "whatever". Please let me never look at code you have written... I'm not sure I agree at all with the author about the air about the Rust community. Rust is an amazing language but the community has always been totalitarian trash. I try to keep as far away as possible from them as I can. That's an interesting way too look at it. But that's not how it works in practice. Almost no one in industry is going to write proofs for their unsafe code. It didn't happen for C or C++ and it won't happen for Rust. Huh nothing you said indicates it is a professional project. Sleek does not equal professional. I didn't say it no one will do it. I said almost no one. The Rust compiler is about as far from a normal project as can be. I would like to see this changed but really I have never even seen a proof requirement when looking at Rust jobs. Not even once. It's not about disregarding that external factors can and do significantly interfere with anyone's life. It's about recognizing that the most significant contribution to your well being is in fact your own actions in the vast majority of cases and especially on longer time scales. It makes no sense to worry about the external factors that affect an individuals life since there is no way to affect those to a significant degree. It's fine that YOU do it. But how many unsafe blocks have a proof in the entire Rust ecosystem (read all crates). 5% maybe? I'm not sure what your point is that any B.Sc. in CS can do it. Which Haskell design decision flies in the face of production use or what kind of feature would you like you to see in Haskell that isn't picked up due to it being an academic language? What a shitty title. The entire article doesn't even contain the word software. Probably a bug in the render code that made it look different. Don't be a party pooper. Do it on Friday at 7pm. Just after everyone thinks they have a nice relaxing weekend to look forward to. It depends on what you want to measure. You want to measure the maximum pure power the OS can possibly give you? Then sure it's not a fair benchmark. If you want to measure "real world" performance it is a fair benchmark. Try out cadquery. https://github.com/CadQuery/cadquery I find it interesting that such critical code is written in C. Why not use something with a lot more (easily)statically provable properties. Like Rust or Agda? Ada has existed for 40 years. This directly means it has nothing to do with being conservative. Software bloat is part of it. The other part is that we just continue to use slow languages. Using python in production for large servers should be illegal due to wasted power. Do you have any sources that modern servers which host dozen and maybe even hundreds of virtual machines are network bound? That doesn't seem logical at all. If you want max number of LEDs you have to use HUB based LED panels. They are way cheaper. But harder to control. For instance: https://nl.aliexpress.com/item/32969045578.html?spm=a2g0o.pr... You can find how to control them if you search for HUB75. For a couple of dollars you got 2048 LEDS. You can get them in different sizes and LED pitches. Have you tried cadquery [1]? It can do what you want and I think it's superiour to OpenSCAD in every way. It uses OpenCascade under the hood. [1] https://github.com/CadQuery/cadquery You can't even imagine how hard I wish I could run Linux on this thing. The hardware is just so good. But it's just not possible to work with the useless OS that's on there... I don't care. What do nodes and half nodes mean in your comment? Right... Because Macs are malware dumpsters fires of epic proportions. It frustrates me to no end that this perfect piece of hardware is so shackled by software that it's essentially useless to me. It feels like seeing a juicy steak on your plate but once you put a piece of it in your mouth it's just smoke... I'm not sure what Africa has to do with it. There are probably millions of kids all over the world who would have turned out to be better F1 drivers then him. But talent is cheap it's all about opportunity and dedication. I hardly believe phone carriers are cracking TLS en masse. SNI information is really, really limited though. Besides physical location tracking has been possible since the existence of phones. That's nothing new. I really don't think this is the case. There are probably hundreds of thousands of people in the world just as smart as Einstein. But they won't all revolutionize a field or do anything of real significance. Having talent is only a piece of a large puzzle. I don't see how this could occur. Either you do WRITE SAME and it works or it doesn't and you have to manually issue WRITE commands. For SAS drives I would recommend sg3_utils [1]. You can basically query what the drive supports via `sg_opcodes`. smartctl isn't really designed to handle SCSI protocol I think. It can do basic things but for anything deep you better use sg3_utils. [1] http://sg.danny.cz/sg/sg3_utils.html in regards to 2): It's true that multiple overwrites are overkill. But for SSD's it's has been shown that it's possible to read data after a full overwrite [1]. [1] https://static.usenix.org/event/fast11/tech/full_papers/Wei.... Does it work on AMD or Intel GPU's? This software runs MacOS software in Linux. WSL2 can run Linux software on windows. This means theoretically you can use Windows to run WSL2 to run Darling to run XCode. Yes like I already said multi-pass is not a good way to sanitize SSDs. However it does directly contradict your stance that data is irrecoverable after a full-write. It doesn't really matter that it's done via a direct flash chip readout. Literally anyone can do that. In comparison the cost of a SEM(which can't read out platters) approaches a million dollars. Huh that doesn't seem true at all. Even if you lower the amount of children 20 times then there still would be hundreds of thousands of them in the US. This doesn't seem like a problem at all. Actually it would be a blessing since those children could receive way better education compared to now. There would be but 20 times less then now. For instance New York has over 1500 playgrounds. That would become 75. I wouldn't call that hardly any. I can't easily find the number but I bet there are far less Apple stores in NY for instance. And I wouldn't say there are hardly any of them. Besides imagine the godly playgrounds we could build of we had 20x the budget for each one. Isn't the definition of commercially viable that it be used commercially succesfully? Not really, too much work and the business will go under. Imagine Zuckerberg coding the first Facebook in ASM. It most likely would never have gotten of the ground. I don't agree. I agree that if compare random software project x to a random hardware project y that the hardware project will do a lot more verification. But that doesn't really compare to state of the art of what's possible in software. Property based testing, symbolic execution etc all have incredible power that afaik is not available in the hardware world. I'm just a hobbyist who uses FPGA's but it's way way easier for me to ensure a function has some properties compared to a VHDL module or whatever. Ah yes. Because software is not subject to physical constraints. No is claiming that Chisel code is always bug free. Just like no is claiming Haskell code is bug free. However the point they are making is that these languages are way better in statically catching a whole host of bugs. They also allow certain properties to be expressed in the type system which is essentially having a proof that that invariant holds now matter what. I haven't seen a program solving the halting problem. Because you know physical constraints exist. You can't find it. Intel has obscured the measurement too much. AMD is guilty of this as well but on a much smaller scale then Intel. I don't think reviewers measure it. It's essentially just an average power draw under real-world load at this point. Huh? No scientist claims to have ultimate knowledge of why there is life on earth. But to claim that Earth was created for life is leap too far. I mean we used to believe storms where conjured up by the gods because we didn't understand how they really are created. What you are saying is essentially the same. We don't know so it must have been created. You are essentially invoking the God-of-the-gaps fallacy. Good! I would hate to have 300 different flavors of Python with no clear way to know which is which. The only person I can think of is Elon Musk. But he isn't really a scientist. I don't think this qualifies. You have to use bespoke tools end environments to be able to code in a very limited fashion. I'm incredibly scared of a future where all personal computing is restricted by large companies. We see Microsoft, Apple and Google all moving in the direction of releasing almost completely opaque hardware that only works with their own software. So you still can see that it depends on some input. That is hugely more useful then auto. That setup requires you to always have internet. It also requires you to have a remote PC somewhere where you develop. The Ipad is little more then a screen in that case. In contrast I use a Surface Pro and I don't even have a desktop PC. That's the difference between these devices. One is a fully fledged computer where you can do whatever you want on it. The other is a glorified teletype terminal. It's fine that the iPad Pro isn't a fully functional computing device but the thing that is wrong is Apply positioning it as such. This doesn't prove C++'s grammar is undeciable. Template expansion is seperate from parsing. Besides you can do the same thing in any language that can do Turing complete compile time programming. Not writing about a 2? year period that happened 32 years ago isn't lying. You can do it in Haskell with Template Haskell. You can also lift some computation to the type level with means they will run at compile time during type checking. Why are you surprised? Actually heavy AVX loads can even force an Intel CPU below it's base clock. That's simply not true the biggest target is ARM. Most of the worlds devices run ARM. Still not even close to the clusterfuck that is Intel CPU's Surface Pro X has been well received. Don't know whether it is commercially successful though. Just now I googled "Surface Pro x review" and picked the top 4 results which are actual reviews. Out of those only one is negative. This also seems to align with my own experience of users using it. https://www.tomsguide.com/reviews/surface-pro-x : "The Microsoft Surface Pro X looks like the first ARM-powered laptop worth buying." https://www.windowscentral.com/surface-pro-x : "Complicated but brilliant." https://www.neowin.net/news/microsoft-surface-pro-x-review-i... "For me, it's the Surface Pro X. Personally, I think this is nearly a perfect PC, and Microsoft really nailed this one." https://www.theverge.com/2019/11/5/20948092/microsoft-surfac... : "Better then expected is not enough." You are right! I didn't realize this. Brick PCs?? How? Type driven development with idris Hmm I never knew this was redefined. Bricked always quite literally means you device becomes permanently non-functional. I.E. a brick. What is the new word for this state? Not with a general purpose PC no. But I don't doubt that it is possible to brick any of the current gen consoles if you try hard enough. Actually many general purpose laptops probably also can be bricked since the amount of non-standard hardware is increasing every year. I completely agree. For the simple fact that no human or organisation can be trusted with the power to silence anyone or any group. I Think this should apply to functional social monopolys as well. YouTube/facebook/instagram etc shouldn't be allowed to remove content they deem untrue. I don't think HN has a monopoly on discussion between people with (slightly) above-average critical thinking skills. Many sub-reddits fit that definition as well. I don't follow how this would be impossible to enforce. The person whose content on youtube is removed for example is going to complain. It's dead simple to slap youtube with a couple million dollar fine for such things. I don't think any country could be considered "good". They are all "evil" to varying degrees. Huh the Surface Pro 7 i7 should have a vastly superior GPU. Where does it fall short compared to the SP4? His comment literally states that it's possible but that we just don't want it enough. Not enough funding is the most direct manifestation of that. It's wouldn't be too hard to build. Clash types are already required to derive Generic. You could take all those definition and use the Haskell Generic API to generate a device tree. I don't think anyone is making the case here that computers beat the brain at any thing the brain is evolved to do. But there are uncountable tasks computers are better at then brains. Intel has faster tech in their pocket? 5 years ago I would have believed you. But they have seen the AMD zen architecture for years now and they can't meaningfully compete anymore. If they had tech ready to go they would have released it by now to crush AMD. What's your point? It's not like the earlier people are better or worse by any measure. The surface pros are almost 100% Linux compatible fwiw. I don't about the other products. What a ridiculous title. Musk didn't dare anyone. He only asks that if anyone is arrested it will be him. Better built is an objectively better. Having OSX is not. It's only better if you actually think OSX is the best OS. Stelling blood is not illegal. Stelling hair also isn't. Selling vital organs is. Some people sell plasma multiple times each month. That is not even questioning all the people that need blood transfusions for medical emergencies. Where would that blood come from? County indeed said "don't open". Musk said "will open anyway". But he didn't say "arrest me". He said if you want to arrest someone because of this. Arrest only me and not the workers. That is not a challenge to the government. That is an appeal to their humanity. That the government should only hold Musk accountable and not the workers. They can do many things. Laws are ignored everyday by officials. They can also close down the factory without issuing an arrest. A dare is very specifically doing something to get a reaction out of somebody. Musk most certainly isn't hoping that the state will arrest him or anybody working at his factory. Quite the opposite. Highly dangerous of the PS people to build non-deterministic performance into their console. Developers who try to push every ounce of power out of it will hate it. edit: Maybe deterministic isn't the correct word. What I mean is that you can design a physics system that you can ensure runs on the PS5 CPU. But then the graphics boys make an upgrade and suddenly some power is diverted to the graphics and the physics system is no longer working correctly. This is still deterministic. But a nightmare to work with when optimizing for hard-real time requirements. The only way this can be done sanely is if the developers can fix this power budget and thus restore "determinism". If the developer can control the balance then it's fine. If this balance cannot be controlled by the developers then it's a nightmare. It's not clear to me this is developer controlled. It's clear from the presentation that it's not possible to run the CPU at full power and the GPU at full power at once. This means the CPU will be stealing performance from the GPU or vice versa when the system is pushed to it's limits. This means the things you can graphically do are directly connected to how much the CPU is loaded. This will be very hard to optimize for. Since seemingly unconnected physical pieces of hardware are influencing eachother. The only way I can see this going well if this balance is fixed by the developer. E.g. the developer specifies I want 60% of the power budget to go to the GPU and 40% to the CPU. If this is handled dynamically by the PS5... oh boy. FF 7 remake comes extremely close though. That's the best looking UE4 game I know. It's expected that real games do not have demo levels of visual fidelity. I find this attitude incredibly arrogant and toxic. Why wouldn't a 15 year old be able to experience a burnout? I don't think this is age related at all. If anything a 15 year old that goes to school and has a dev job should be more likely to burnout. That's really unfortunate since it's the only chip with a somewhat reasonable clock speed. Looking at all U processors[1] that one was basically the only one I would consider using. [1] https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/intel/cores/ice_lake_u#Ice_Lake... The study didn't test for mathematical ability. It tested for numeracy which is completely different. The study even shows that most of the variance(34%) is explained by fluid reasoning and working-memory. I'd wager that fluid reasoning is strongly correlated with mathematical ability. In my opinion this paper disproves it's stated hypothesis but doesn't realize it. Or the mannerisms where chosen to express that the system can produce real voices and not just perfect ones. Nukes don't factor into it. Both sides have enough nukes to destroy each other. what issues have you been running into? I have been running Linux on the Surface Pro 5 solely without even having windows to dual boot for almost 3 years now. No. He was talking about monoids. The content in the link you are talking about aren't monoids. It's not about the implementation details. It's about that the things that are mentioned in the link make no logical sense. The addition operator allows values of different types to be added together and even worse the resulting values type isn't required to have the type of either operands. It's not possible to write the generic code since there are basically no constraints. Generic code is all about constructs with certain invariants and use those invariants to create something new. Javascript addition basically has no invariants. > JS is a "mono-typed" language and there is therefore only one type of things you can operate on and return as a result. Javascript has a type system that is enforced at run-time. > That's backwards to my point. I tried to point out that having generic code which can operate on (almost) arbitrary data structures mixing for example natural numbers or lists of arbitrary things will lead in the end to the same puzzling results as the "classical JS-Batman" example. I don't agree. The entire point of the link you posted was the insanity of the semantic of the addition operations in Javascript. Monoids are very simple and well defined. The javascript insanity would need pages upon pages of explanations because basically everything is a special case. In contrast monoids can be fully explained in a two sentences. Are there efforts to cache runtimes? I imagine most programs would be rather small if you don't have to ship the runtime. This is the single worst input decision ms has ever made. The first thing you do is to turn that hellish thing of. Well the chances are low if it's the first time he is visiting my site. But since this will be used for web apps the chances are very high that a user will revisit. That question isn't better. Of course there is no absolute proof. That doesn't mean the situation isn't significantly better then on AMD/Intel. Lenticular printing? I doubt it. A lot of people could afford it but either think using Apple fuels an anticonsumer empire or think that it offers little advantage over the competition. This is simply not true. TrackIR doesn't give you freelook immersion. It allows you to slightly tilt or move your head. To call that freelook is disingenuous. Which one of those is not your head tilting or moving slightly? Having a little bit of discipline is all that's needed. Let's be honest. You have never said something that is considered bad to someone you didn't like or disagree with? I doubt it. Does that now mean your opinion is null and void? Maybe people should recognize that failure in a domain doesn't mean that same person isn't otherwise highly competent. I believe most modern distributions have the framebuffer driver disabled. Embedded is an exception. I'm not sure this is feasable. Assuming a family where both adults work it doesn't really seem possiblee to handle this. In the worst case you will have 4 elderly people to handle. You also have to take into account that modern medicine extends the time these elderly people need care significantly. How can I write a simple device driver using dumb buffers? I have searched far and wide but I can't find anything. I'm forced to write a framebuffer driver. Once you dip into DRI shit get's insanely complex quick. It's already happening. Look at the tablet/mobile market. These devices are easily capable of providing a development environment but it's essentially impossible to use them like that. The IPad Pro being the worst of the worst. It even markets itself as a "real" computer. You make it sound like having separate teams is bad. It's the best. The larger the team the slower it moves. You can run Nix fine on any Linux distribution. But it's still a bad idea because I want Haskell to work sanely on Windows and going all in on a tech that doesn't support windows doesn't seem smart to me. How is that different? Fossil fuels were also captured many years ago. The only difference is the number of years. LMAO I feel physically hurt as a NixOS user. Things like this have been possible for almost a decade now. Bioshock infinite being a prime example. This is simply not true. That's like saying no game on PC is possible because not everyone has a good enough graphics card. Just have a minimum spec for required storage speed and you're golden. I used to think like you. But the way a game looks definitely has impact on the way the gameplay feels. Smoke particles out of a gun, the slight tilt of your viewport. The flash that reflects of the walls. These things have an incredible impact on gameplay even if mechanically it makes no difference. Vision is one of our most important senses and discounting it and saying well it shouldn't matter because gameplay is the most importing is shortsighted. Graphics are a huge part of gameplay. Ah yes, because you aren't allowed to criticize something unless you yourself are perfect morally clean. One of the main reasons I jumped to duckduckgo. Google only directs you were it wants to and doesn't actually offer the real search result. This. I read upscaling and my interest dropped. If I increase the resolution the game renders at it's not upscaling it's rendering at a higher resolution. Spaghetti code is spaghetti code. It refers to to the code being essentially so interwoven with each other that changing a single thing has consequences for many other locations in the code. Spaghetti code can be 100% bug free. There are myriad of examples of our body having feature which you could equate to biological spaghetti. Dependently typed language can check at compile time if you violate a ranged integer value among many other things. I'm curious though why you are not a fan of static typing? I feel like if you have a language with inference it's pretty good. I mean you could imagine python with type inference and you could essentially write anything in it you can today (baring stuff like heterogenous data structures) without specifying the type manually. You are assuming evolution leads to the best adaptation. That's simply not true. It finds a local minimum and that's it. It's evident that a human that stays fertile and young for 100 years leaves more offspring then the current human. But the way to get there might not be continous improvement of fitness and thus evolution will never get there by itself. You keep ignoring the point that spaghetti code and error rate are not related by definition. It's been spelled out to you multiple times now. I don't really see how the first example is incompatible with static types. Most often type inference infers the most general type possible. That means you can do exactly the same things with that lambda in a statically types language as in a dynamic language. The second example with count of apples and oranges is bad. Those are unitless and a thus Just an natural should be fine for them. Numerical code can get messy but that's exactly were the power of static typing is the best. You can have dimensions and units in a type system and you get dimensional homogeneity correctness for free. Well yeah typescripts typing sucks but that's not my point. Type inference falls squarely in the static typing camp. It has nothing to do with dynamic typing. Take a look at the Haskell units library. That can do the things you illustrate. Dollars shouldn't be spend where they are most likely to generate most new science. That is a quick way to find yourself in a dead-end. Imagine we would have ONLY invested in supercolliders after high-energy physics was very fruitful. Many other fields would have been completely starved and we would now be in the (possibly) super collider dead-end while other physics is woefully behind. Any metric you can imagine is nothing more then a guess. That's why it's research. The researchers guess and tests. Some guesses can be observably better but that's not quantifiable. At least that's what I think. That's why scientific projects are still judged by panels. It's not like money is thrown at any random project. It must have merit and be judged to actually be able to test a hypothesis. This is the reason I use the surface pro. I carry around 60% keyboard with so I have a great keyboard experience whereever I go. So apple stills controls the entire system if you don't disable that checkbox. This is completely anti-user. That doesn't surprise me. The crowd of people who are aware of the fairphone are most likely techies. And I would wager techies are much more likely to replace a Phone then the Generic Apple user. What? Why bring Android into this completely out of nowhere. Really? Why is that in the times of smart pointers? You can just malloc a pointer and it gets cleaned up automatically by unity if it's no longer used? JWT's issues are really quite simple to avoid. Spend a day reading how it works and the pitfalls and you are good. And they offer many advantages over sessions with the only real disadvantage being revocation. Incredible at what speed we are actively destroying our society. A gameengine is as enterprise as it gets. Can't you just add bang patterns, use deepseq or use the strict/strictdata extension? So what's your point? The weapon developers are correct of course. But the difference between weapons and super colliders is that super colliders are designer to help humanity instead of destroy it. I agree with you in general. But would like to add that effective monopolies like youtube should be excluded. Censoring something on youtube essentially means it censored completely for video platforms. Excluding porn youtube is essentially a monopoly. If you can't go to youtube you immediately land in very small and obscure video streaming sites. If you compare this to the "real" world it would be the same as not being able to say what you want in public spaces. Youtube is THE public space for video content. Still I can't imagine GC is the best solution for this. You can easily make a memory allocation strategy that hands out shared_pointers or something like it that get cleaned up at will defined times instead of when it goes out of scope for a user. How does being a reverse engineer correlate with making backups of a hobby project which seemed to had outliven it's usefullness? What? US cars are widely seen as relatively shitty compared to Asian and EU brands. I'm thinking of all of them except Ford and Tesla. If I had a shop and everyone that robs me has a hoody I would damn well point it out and ban them. That doesn't mean every person with a hoody wil rob me but it's a very effective and filter. It's not emotionally charged it's completely logical. I don't think that we should 'ban' Chinese or Russian people if you are pointing towards that. I do think that we shouldn't pull a smokescreen over the truth by dissallowing statement of fact that most hackers are Chinese or Russian. We also shouldn't shout down people who are hit everyday by this as rascist or emotionally charged. It's completely logical for them to want to ban these groups. Instead we should educate on exactly what kind of a very dark and hellish place banning leads to. I'm not sure about 10%. Only a very small fraction of programmers has even ever tried Lisp. That 10% may very well be 50% or even higher. Not that I can judge because I have never tried lisp. Of course weapons benefit society. I didn't say they didn't... Exactly. From what I have seen an apology only makes things worse. It seems to me you are confusing code quality with style. Code quality is most certainly important. Style less so even though it should be consistent. Almost all bike shedding comments are style. Dart is the reason I don't like flutter. Why do you feel C# is worse then Dart? I know GHC can become slower with more cores so be carefull. The article makes no case that talent has nothing to do with success. It just repeatedly states it with no reference or anything. Just repeating a statement doesn't make it true. Why this half backed open SoC? The CPU has an open source instruction set while the FPGA is complete proprietary garbage. Well by that strict definition all of them are indeed proprietary. But in effect some Lattice and Xilinx FPGAs are usable as if they were not proprietary. I feel it's only unethetical if there are "real" stakes on the line. E.g. Where people can get hurt. I don't mind a mechanical engineer writing code for a company that makes the zillionth vapid webapp nor do I mind a software engineer designing a mechanical watch. The translation feature that minces x86 to ARM is done. x64 is still in the works. Can you link some benchmarks where Rosetta 2 beats MS's emulation in 32 bit only benchmarks? And that is all running in software mode. The RPI4 has no working GPU. Pretty insane that the compiler for such a popular language is so basic. A feature flag doesn't have to impact compiler performance unless enabled. Why is that weird? Both Trump and Jobs have/had huge sway with crowds. It's not surprising to me their speech patterns are similar. Yes. Completely orthogonal. Strongly typed dynamic: Python Weakly typed dynamic: Javascript Strongly typed static: Haskell Weakly typed static: C They could. But that means the macbook pro would perform worse on all the superficial benchmarks. It's not clear what the status is. But I doubt that new hardware is required if it releases. The lack of an app is something for it. Literally every app of some website has the worse experience. Even worse the website will keep begging you to install their shitty app. American society is many things but it is not a low merit society. If you are significantly better then someone else at something you will, in general, reap the rewards. I never said the US is a perfect meritocracy. I said it's not a low merit society. For example if you are good enough you can get an entire free ride to the best education the world has to offer just because you are good. If you make a product that significantly better the competition it will most likely out compete it. If you are significantly better then your peers you can command a higher salary etc. Compare that to India where if you are born into a low caste you can't do anything. Even if you are the most competent person that has ever walked the earth. Not everyone in the US has the exact some opportunities but that is orthogonal to merit. To call it the US a low merit society seems completely bonkers to me. I think most programmers aren't actually coming from university currently. Of course the adjectives I'm using are in relative terms rather then absolute. There doesn't exist an absolute measure on how meritocratic a society is. But it's very clear that US society most certainly is a more meritocratic then most other societies. > Black men born into the top quintile of family wealth are as likely as black men born in the bottom quintile to die in the bottom quintile. White men born in the top quintile are highly unlikely to drop even to the next lowest quintile. Americans criticizing India's caste system is laughable. First of all I'm not an American. It's quite funny that you criticize me for not using precise and absolute terms while you yourself use the same terms. Your point is even self-defeating. That a black family(which you indirectly compare to a low cast family in India, which I don't agree with. But that's beside the point.) can be in the top quintile already means that the situation in America is vastly better then in India. I'm not really sure how you could interpret that comment as anything else then "Good for the user". I don't claim it's unmeasurable. I claim there is no absolute scale. That's very different from eachother. This conversation doesn't make sense for me to continue since you keep assuming things about me and claiming I said things I never said. I don't like such bad faith arguments. Yes. It's great!! They actually can actually reason about what they have build and show it has specific properties. I assume it's not full-time for 6 months. More like this feature is concretely assigned to a dev. Cut them out. You are forcing yourself into victimhood by including them in your life. I wouldn't want to be the victim of them at all. Whether it's duration is 30 years or 10000 years. Besides suïcide is almost always an option if you feel your life is unbearable. Conda is one of the most vile pieces of software I have ever used and recommending beginners to take on that dragon sounds like complete insanity to me. Please let them actually use python before sending them into tooling hell. You are right. My comment is colored by the countless times I have tried conda and it was one of the worst experiences I have ever had with software. Of all the times I have tried conda only once was it as easy as following the guide they post. The other times it was completely broken. I also greatly dislikes that it pollutes your default environment. Imagine if every piece of software would do that. It's really quite simple to make yourself. Just put some epoxy in there and shape it to the Phone. The post said he/she doesn't care about the port and would rather buy one without it. That means it doesn't require to be removeable. Have you heard of Idris? It's tagline is programming as a conversation. I'm not sure where you get the idea that we have a very solid idea of our nutritional requirements. Every few years milk is bad, then good again, then bed again. Some can be said about eggs or meat or coffee or many other foods. We do know on a very, very granular level that we need some nutrients in some quantities to function at all. But we have almost zero clue on how to actually optimize our nutrition. And the biggest reason is that there are no studies actually trying to find this out. That's really insanity to me. 10µs is a goddamn long time for a modern computer. That's 30000 clock cycles for a 3Ghz CPU. Each clock cycle can handle multiple instruction. It should be trivial to handle most light computations in this time as long as you ensure the data is in cache. Do you have any basis for arguing that there isn't much optimization to be done? Food is one of the largest foreign influences on our body, next to air and radiation. It's a wholly untested field so it's surprising to me to say the least to think that there isn't much to gain there. I'm no expert but neural networks are definitely used in some CPUs for branch prediction. See the wikipedia section: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Branch_predictor#Neural_branch... . Unfortunately there are no other ARM designs that can compete with X86. And Apple CPUs will only run in Apple Hardware executing Apple Software. Graviton can't compete with x86. It can only compete on AWS on server workloads. I can't buy a Graviton workstation/server. There are no Graviton laptops. Potential can be a part of the point system. You yourself made some sort of crude scale of potential when you were interviewing people. Nothing wrong with formalizing that. If you can't be formalize it is is unfair. March comes in like a lion blew me away! I'd say it's impossible to administrate such a system in an objective manner. If you could administer it in an objective manner then you can quantify and formalize it. A point system doesn't mean the parameters are well chosen but by it's very definition it's more fair then an interview without any formal requirements. I'm not sure how it could be worse. The app store is filled with mountains and mountains of malware as it is. I don't think Intel stickers are mandetory. Some other OEM don't have them either. Hardware is a physical product you buy. You don't buy Amazon or Facebook. They are a service not a product. The meaningful distinction is that you should OWN the hardware you buy and thus it shouldn't be limited by the manufacturer except for things that are vital for product function. But I can choose to make myself a 12 pack of half Pepsi, 1/4th Mountain Dew, and 1/4 Cherry. That's the entire point. There is no artificial restriction that mixing Pepsi with some other soft drink results in a toxic mixture. But that is essentially what's happening on the App store/Phone hardware space. IMessage facebook messenger case is not an artificial lock. They are fundamentally different protocols. It's not like IMessage supports facebook messenger and Apple just say no you can't use it. There is a real difference here. Apple is artificially restricting usage of it's phones for no other reason then greed. If the app store would actually protect against malware I would agree that it might have some value but it really doesn't. The app store is filled with mountains and mountains of malware. But since it's malware that makes Apple money it's completely fine. Apple mobile hardware is really amazing. The best there is in the world I think. But the software locks it down so much that it's essentially a paper weight compared to its potential. > You can make a protocol then and Facebook won't allow you to use it. They're definitely artificially locking you in. It's no different. If the technical requirements are met and Facebook won't allow then it indeed is not an artificial lock in. But I doubt that Facebook messenger can talk to IMessage right now. It's not the responsibility of either Facebook or Apple to make those two apps work together. The only thing they should not do is go out of their way to not allow them to interface. I.e. It should be possible for a user to write a bridge between those two apps. > Really? That's the only reason? Does it not seem odd to you that iPhones are considered safe devices, and that Apple goes to great lengths to protect them and user data and now companies are complaining about the App Store? Once they can circumvent the App Store, then can put all sorts of garbage tracking and malware into applications. iPhone and the App Store have been around for more than 10 years, and then over the last two years Apple requires no tracking, prompting of data usage, soon a data use "nutrition scorecard" and now just this year all of these companies are complaining about pricing? Give me a break. If you want to call Apple greedy, then it's just a case of pots calling kettles black. Notice how there aren't any customers complaining about this oh so bad and greedy practice? I don't care what developers want here. I want my iPhone the way it is, and changing the App Store is bad in my view. I'll vote with my wallet in this case. If that means fewer applications because they want to circumvent these things that I want Apple to do, then that's fine, good riddance. I don't consider Apple safe devices because of the App store. Every single protection that is afforded by the app store is actually provided by the OS. With the exception of manual review and that is a subjective process full of holes. Can you explain to me, since you believe Apple is actually not user hostile, why does it allow obvious malware in the app store such as apps that appear to be free but once you install them you end up in micro-transaction hell? Why do they allow micro-transactions at all? Micro-transactions are very rarely if ever beneficial to the user. What's up with the apps that promise a feature and don't deliver? I'm not joking when I say that the quality of apps I can download for free on my desktop is way higher then most stuff that is in the app store. App stores have brought down the quality of software significantly. It's so bad that my default stance on anything on the app store is that it must be trash because that's what it is usually. Inb4 tiktok will start to price their app based on the number of cores in the Phone. I can't imagine something more interesting than radiation levels. Video? Boring. Audio? Even more boring. Maybe WiFi or other radio signals? Still radiation is much more interesting then those mundane things. I saw the remarkable before and thought it was cool. But now that I know it runs Linux and we have full acces it's a must buy. You think the current interface devices are optimal for human anatomy? I wholly wish micro transactions would be made illegal. To me micro transaction is equivalent to a movie pausing mid scene and ask "Do you want to continue watching this scene? You can if only you pay 99 cent.". It's a pure evil practice that taints games. What is it? Neither the readme or the linked page make clear what this even does. What are advantages of this compared to openSCAD or CadQuery? Specifically I ditched openSCAD for cadquery because it can't export to brep formats like STEP. exporting true brep is not an advantage? All CNC shops I talk to require a brep based file. Software that allows you create technical drawings also require that file format. I use cq-editor[1]. For sure CadQuery and CQ-editor have a insanely sucky install experience. I never got it to work by following conda guides. I run NixOS so for me it's as installing it as a package. [1] https://github.com/CadQuery/CQ-editor I have the opposite sentiment. Things have been going extremely right for a single person to be able to go out and destroy issues that literately thousands upon thousands of people are affected by. Since governments of the developed world are mostly democratic no action to fix those issues in other countries is taken. This would have not otherwise been possible. I don't think it's luck. A significant part of the very rich are donating huge amounts to charity. With the giving pledge being the most clear example. It's most certainly not a fluke that the mega rich are solving problem governments can't or won't. > There is no "can't or won't" on a global scale: some countries have, others haven't as a function of their means. That is exactly "can't or won't". The USA or China certainly "can" fix these issues in Africa if they want to but they "won't". But the African countries themselves obviously don't have this capability thus they "can't" fix it. > The fact that ultra wealthy individuals have better means than entire countries is an indictment of the state of affairs, not praise. Why is this an indictment. This is not self evident at all to me. The opposite is true from my perspective. This story and initiatives like the giving pledge very clearly show me that that the mega rich are doing things no country is doing. And thus these problem would remain unsolved if they would not be here. Yes Just to let you know the memoization technique you used is called dynamic programming. What does UK English have to do with EU? Most of the EU doesn't speak english natively so if a company brands itself as European it doesn't make sense to choose British English over US English or vice versa. That would only make sense if it identifies itself as a British company. > Anyway, my point had nothing to do with the political grouping of the EU. It was a geographical & marketing one. The UK is still part of Europe [even if not for much longer part of the EU]. So, given Fairphone DO sell their phones in UK [and Ireland] but DO NOT sell them in the USA, why have they adopted the US version of English, rather than the version used by people in the market they actually sell into? Probably because as you say it is more commonly used. Why cater to small minority of UK(or Irish) users? > Is Fairphone's Spanish documentation & software written in Latin American Spanish? Is their Portuguese documentation & software written in Brasilian Portuguese? Is their French documentation & software written in Québécois? This a false equivalence. The target is the entire EU not just UK. If they where only selling in the UK then you would have a point. > ...or is it only the European variants of English that are habitually eschewed in favour of their transatlantic counterparts? To be completely honest US English is more of a European variant of English then British English. The US English spelling is just way more common in Europe then in the British Spelling. Anyway for me this discussion has gone on long enough. It doesn't matter to me, I just was completely flabbergasted by someone getting so mad about it. It sounds almost comical. "Other than the transistor". The transistor is one of the most important inventions humanity ever made. Probably yes. But let's say the transistor would have been invented 20 years later by a university. The world would look completely different today. Simply saying we could have invented it some other way disregards the continous impact a result in research makes. It is like that. But simply discoveries being delayed could delay technical advancement for decades and even centuries in the long run. I disagree. Mainly because Apple is the main driving force behind destroying computing. The iPhone today is as much of a computer as my microwave.