Being able to choose a place to live strikes me as so American; reading the article I realized I've never considered the possibility of living anywhere else than where I was born (Paris). In fact my mother was born less than half a mile from where I was raised, and today I live less than two miles away from there, 35 years later. I feel a little bit like a tree: if I move I'll probably die; besides, what's the point of traveling if you don't come back to your friends to tell them about what you've seen? The "virtual city", however, changed everything; I check Reddit everyday (or more accurately, every minute! damn addiction), watch The Daily Show, read Slate; the problem is I have a hard time finding people to talk about it. "In Boston they ask, How much does he know? In New York, How much is he worth? In Philadelphia, Who were his parents?" -- Mark Twain It's funny how little has changed in more than a century...? I don't know, I never tried. I don't understand why mobile devices have so little "RAM" when they have fixed storage in the tens of Gos that is effectively made of memory chips...? What is the difference between the two kinds of memory, and why isn't more RAM added? Is it a cost problem? a size problem? both? Or is the CPU not capable of addressing more RAM...? I get htmlspecialchars() [function.htmlspecialchars]: Invalid multibyte sequence in argument when trying to access the homepage? http://i.imgur.com/K390I.jpg Although visited links are quite visible on HN, I sometimes end up clicking on articles I've already read; marking them as "hidden" avoids this (as hidden articles are non-clicable). Articles can be "unhidden" ("show" link); hidden articles are remembered between sessions, for 7 days (since articles move rather rapidly on the front page there is little point in remembering the status longer -- should maybe be user-configurable though). The "option[s]" page has just one option for now -- open links in new window. I wrote it for me and I use Chrome; also, it uses localStorage to remember preferences, which is not available everywhere (I couldn't get it to work with recent versions of FF for example). But if there is demand I can try to repackage it as a greasemonkey script (Chrome extensions are essentially greasemonkey scripts anyway). Once it's installed, if you reload the page you should see a "hide" link below each article, after the "comments" or "discuss" link. If you don't see it, it should be either that you're browsing HN on a different domain than "news.ycombinator.com" (?) or that you're using a version of Chrome http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/getstarted.html but some things are not totally obvious so I might compile what I've learned in a blog post, yes! Wow. You're quite the debugger! ;-) It was indeed the problem (you had to have options before you even used it!) Fixed it in 0.1.2. Fixed in 0.1.2. Sorry about that. Update: version 0.2.0 adds 2 options: "autoHide" (hide articles when clicked) and "collapse" (remove articles from the list instead of blanking them) Version 0.3.0 adds collapsible comments. Nobody's addicted to air. You need air: just enough to get along. But you don't try to inhale as much as you can; you don't get sick getting too much of it -- although there is enough air around to inflate yourself like a balloon if you were actually addicted to it. Addiction is when you take too much of something; under 5 cigarettes a day don't give you cancer; 1 glass of wine a day actually makes you healthier. But if you get addicted to tobacco or alcohol (or bad food) these things end up killing you. Incidentally can modern addictions pg's talking about, really kill you? Can you die from Internet addiction? Porn/TV/Farmville addiction? If they can't kill you can they be called "addictive"...? I don't think this example, however sad, is valid: - addiction should harm the addicted, not somebody else - from the article: "The girl, who was born prematurely and weighed 5 pounds (2.25 kilograms), was often fed rotten formula and was beaten when she cried out of hunger, the affidavit said." so what killed this child is not "Internet addiction" but being born to abusive parents... "Identifiers should not carry meaning": for some reason people just hate this rule and try everything to circumvent it. It drives me crazy too. I built an extension for Chrome that lets you hide articles + collapse comments (HN HideIt); it's here: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/dibillbafbngeilo... Best passage of the letter from Wikimedia to the FBI: «In your letter, you assert that an image of an FBI seal included in a Wikipedia article is “problematic” because “it facilitates both deliberate and unwitting violations” of 18 U.S.C. 701. I hope you will agree that the adjective “problematic,” even if it were truly applicable here, is not semantically identical to “unlawful.”» Exactly. Just because the FBI doesn't like it doesn't make it illegal. Yahoo Search API (whatever its real name is... BOSS or something?) is also fantastic and much superior to Google's (which isn't even really a search api). Uneven does not necessarily mean "some good, some bad"; it could mean "some bad, some terrible" or "some good, some fantastic" or any combination thereof. In fact, taken literally, it is devoid of meaning, because any group of human beings can be described as "uneven" for any descriptor one can think of. But it is not used literally in the article; it is used as a euphemism for "bad", as opposed to the quality of Google engineers (which one guesses is "even"...?) Now you're playing with words; assume what you mean. > One argument was that the adventurous sailor would be subsumed by the cobbler or tavernkeeper in the mating game. True, but he wouldn't be subsumed by the beggar, now would he? Well, if the beggar is Diogenes... The main counter argument is that most world conquerors are not especially fertile; Napoleon had maybe six kids (max.); Alexander had two and was maybe gay; Hitler had zero. How would the "conqueror" trait have so much influence on humanity if conquerors did not father many children (and there were not enough successful conquerors to start with). I try to develop a more substantiated analysis of this article here: http://blog.medusis.eu/of-parrots-and-men As a (happy) father of three I feel the right to share a dirty little secret: taking care of young kids is boring as hell. But somebody has to do it; in mammals it's only natural that it's the female, since she has to be around anyway in order to breast feed (which is not the case with birds for example: both parents can find and bring back food to the young). So maybe the adventurous sailors explore the world simply because they can ; not "in order to come back rich, and mate" but because, having mated, they can leave their family behind and go do something else. > So if you’re traveling to Los Angeles this summer, you can check out tweets from Angelenos... > Often a single tweet sparks a larger conversation of re-tweets... > Now you can create an alert specifically for “updates” to get an email the moment your topic appears on Twitter... Ok, so basically Google is setting itself to be an interface to Twitter? Like I said, I'm a very happy father (my kids are 5, 2 and 1). I love them (they helped me understand what "love" actually means). They are the joy of my life. But spending too much time with them is not as fulfilling as actually doing something -- or even reading a good book. There is no fulfillment in wiping a child's ass, or even feeding them. You do it because you have to, and I actually don't mind doing it. But as useful as it is for them, it's pointless for me. That is not a problem as long as I have other things to do / to care about; it would be if they were the beginning and end of my day. From the article: " perhaps nature [designed men] to strive, mostly unsuccessfully, for greatness ". Leaving aside the fact that nature does not design anything, if evolution is to select a trait that is "mostly unsuccessful", then this trait is to be incredibly successful when it actually succeeds. And in fact, Genghis Khan is the exception; other well-known world conquerors are not exceptionally prolific, casting doubt on the possibility that "unknown world conquerors" (if such people ever existed?) would have been prolific enough and numerous enough to have an impact on the human species. I'm well aware of Evolutionary Psychology, its premises and its shortcomings; it isn't "soft science" but rather "non-science" since it can't be refuted. Most of its claims may be right, or wrong, but that doesn't matter because we have no way to tell . Yes! Excel formulas === FP! And as you say, there are orders of magnitude more Excel users than imperative programmers, so FP can't be as hard as is usually claimed, and certainly not as "unnatural". (Before Excel 5 and VBA that Joel Spolsky claims he invented, macro language in Excel was also FP; it was a crazy but fascinating language in which I developed a whole billing application (in 1992...) I miss this language.) > I don't know why foreigners still come to America We don't, mostly. I used to come to NY every two years, used to love the city. Now I go elsewhere. Haven't been there in six years and I don't think I'll be back. This is a big world, there are other places to see; America is abusive at home just as it is elsewhere. Flying in Europe is still acceptable; in Germany the local TSA let you carry almost anything on board (and joke about it). ? Why is that? I was also in the middle of Morocco the first time I tried. Then it worked. I think what happens is, the first time you go to geosay you have to allow the browser to give away your location; if you click on "search here" (bottom left) before having given this authorization, you land in Africa. A simple fix could be to not show the "search here" link before the application has a real location...? Is this an old Irish joke? I thought I knew for a fact that it was French! - "Pouvez-vous me dire comment aller à Paris"? - "Ben si j'étais vous je ne partirais pas d'ici!" Very French in its non-helpful but matter-of-fact way... but maybe the Irish are the same! I often use Google to search for very specific phrases -- error messages, for example, in quotes -- and that doesn't help. It actually hurts. What hurts even more is that Google returns documents that don't contain all the search terms, but where the missing search terms can be found in incoming links (or so it says). If you try to use the allintext: parameter you're almost always considered a bot (why??!?) and your queries get delayed or you're shown an indecipherable captcha (they're getting harder, or maybe I actually am a bot, because nowadays I fail to solve every other one). It seems Google is aiming at some lower common denominator of the general public, someone who can't spell, can't type, can't be bothered to learn a basic search syntax and just wants to know where to buy the latest gadget. There is a space to be filled for a "Google for grownups". Cooking and "total utilization" are two different goals. It may be laudable (and very politically correct) to teach kids to "totally utilize" every last bit of food from yesterday's lunch, but it's not fine cooking. I love leftovers. I love rillettes, and saucisson. I made saucisson once, when I was maybe ten. I watched the pig being killed, and hanged by the feet for the blood to go, and then I helped cut it, and put the meat in the machine and the intestine at the other end. I liked that. No problem. (The problem is you have to wait six months to eat what you just helped make). But there is a reason why good restaurants serve food from the "noble" parts of animals, and chicken nuggets are found at McDonalds: noble parts taste better. They require less processing -- or no processing: "just the product". The goal of Jamie Olivier is not to convince kids not to eat nuggets; it's to show how things are made. Maybe I should mention that I'm French and live just outside Paris. I buy my food at the "farmers'" market -- which is just the market: there is no other kind. (There are supermarkets though, of course; but even inside supermarkets you find real butcher's shops where you can buy whole animals. Well, not whole cows -- but you can find whole rabbits or chickens (or any kind of fish/seafood) in any supermarket here). I would oppose "trash" to "noble" and not "offal"; a liver or a heart is "offal", but a chicken carcass (the subject of Oliver's piece) is not, because it can't be cooked and eaten as such. Also, I think you fundamentally agree with Jamie Olivier: you're denouncing junk food just as he is. Your point is that meat is over-processed during its (short) life; his point is that we're fed carcass reprocessed to look like whole food. Aren't you both making the same point? It won't make me click on more ads because I run adblock (on FF) and adthwart (on Chrome), and also because I already disabled it. (Why do most posts these days feel the need to address the reader directly? "What you need to do", "What you don't know", "What you'll need"... I know what I know and don't know. Tell me what YOU know.) YASHP! Yet another self-help post. YES! At the very least, please give us an "allintext:" that actually works: absolutely no stemming whatsoever no "words were found in links pointing to this page" (this is the most infuriating thing ever) and... no "you're a bot" crazyness (or captchas that normal people can solve...) Yes. From the introduction to The Big Short (page XV): "I hoped that some bright kid at Ohio State University who really wanted to be an oceanographer would read my book [Liar's Poker], spurn the offer from Golman Sachs, and set out to sea. Some how that message was mainly lost. Six months after Liar's Poker was published, I was kee-deep in letters from students at Ohio State University who wanted to know if I had any other secrets to share about Wall Street. They'd read my book as a how-to manual." This looks like a new bubble. Why would a Twitter IPO raise so much money? What are its growth prospects? Facebook may be different, but still, it all sounds very crazy. There was a story not long ago on HN (can't seem to find it though) about a blogger who had a special Twitter pipeline to send tweets whenever he blogged, or something. The thing failed silently and stayed broken for two months, and NOBODY NOTICED: neither he nor any of his "followers" (he had more than a thousand). So, having found out about the situation, he decided to stop using Twitter altogether. On LinkedIn I now have to see all the tweets of my "contacts" whenever I log in; this is so annoying that it may push me to quit LinkedIn for this reason alone. People on Twitter are just copying and pasting news found elsewhere; there is an infinitely small proportion of original content: for one "Shit My Dad Says", there are millions of users who only mulch old content from the likes of Digg (RIP) or Reddit or HN. Twitter users are not paying attention to one another; they shout in the desert and nobody cares. This cannot go on forever. > My dive buddy took a minute to realize what I meant and then another minute to fumble for his spare regulator (emphasis mine) Yikes! Why didn't he let him share his main regulator while he was looking for the spare?? What if he couldn't find the spare?... (they often become entangled in the tubes in the back and are hard to get) This is really bizarre. In a talk last year at (I think) the business of software conference, PG said, among other things, that business schools are useless because successful business people don't waste their time teaching business in business schools, and instead either run their business or enjoy the fruits of their success (another song to the tune of "those who can't, teach"). His depiction of university professors accurately describes most bloggers. In reality, there are good teachers and there are bad teachers (and more bad than good). Those who are good at teaching, teach implies that somehow teachers are selected by their ability to teach, which is not true. Teachers happen to be teachers for a variety of reasons; but their talent has little to do with the fact that they continue to be teachers. The case of bloggers is arguably a little different; certainly lack of talent or experience does not prevent people from blogging, but traffic provides at least some objective (if imperfect) measure of success. But I would expect people who describe the road to world dominance to first document what they really know about it: if they haven't traveled it themselves, have they at least interviewed many successful people? What books have they read before writing anything? What do they know ? The argument between spolsky and dhh is funny but ultimately they seem to not be talking about the same thing. They are both right, but one is more right than the other. Joel is talking about market value. What Joel is saying is "dude, you don't understand value. Value is what people are willing to pay for. If someone - just one person - is willing to pay $100 for a millionth of a broken piece of crap, then that broken piece of crap is worth a hundred million dollars, your opinion of it notwithstanding ". He's right. Technically. But David does not care about market value (although he tries to attack it and picturing it as not real). David is talking about intrinsic value ; he's saying: "this thing has 500 million users, and that's amazing. But they don't make much money out of all those users, let alone any profit. So if we try to estimate the present value by actualizing future cash flows, we find the real price should be... well, not much". He's also right. And I think he's fundamentally right. During the housing bubble, some people (Peter Schiff for example, or the heroes of The Big Short ) argued that the real value of housing was a multiple of rent (10-15 times rent), and that anything above that was crazy. At the time, they were wrong -- they were very wrong; the value of a house was the market price, not the "intrinsic" price. The value of anything is always the market price. But then suddenly there is no market. The bubble bursts and nobody's buying. In that situation, if you're selling you don't have many options; but if you're buying how do you calculate a price at which you'd be willing to buy, and a price at which you may convince a seller to sell? - - - In a sellers' market (Joel's market) prices are fair because people accept them. If everyone wants a piece of Facebook at any price, just because they have to have it, then, well, the value of Facebook is infinite. It's not 33 billion dollars: it's the whole amount of dollars in the universe, plus one. But this situation never lasts. There has to be a time when Facebook will be out of fashion, and someone will have to ask what is the intrinsic value of this thing. The intrinsic value is hard to compute because you need to actually know how the company makes money, you need to understand its operations, its cost structure, strategy, etc. That's hard work for a public company; it's almost impossible, from the outside, for a private company. But one thing is certain: the intrinsic value of Facebook is not infinite. And then and there, David has a point. Death actually is great. It's not being meta-contrarian to see that. There was a great speech by Steve Jobs making just this point (and I don't think he was trying to signal his intelligence by saying so?) My death is bad for me (somewhat -- I'm not sure I'd enjoy living forever) but great for the world. I understand that the point of the article absolutely is not to argue about the goodness or badness of death, but isn't it regrettable that the main example they use is so flawed? My point was not to argue about the goodness of death either -- I would have thought it was non-controversial. It's a very good thing Einstein did die, since his most important work was done in the first third of his life, and at the end he was simply denying that quantum mechanics were real. Besides, if death did not exist and "people had less children" (meaning probably zero), Einstein would never have been born! Please (re-)read what Steve Jobs had to say about death: No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. From: http://news.stanford.edu/news/2005/june15/jobs-061505.html Is commenting about making friends? Isn't finding the truth more important? Strong analogies are a way (not the only way, but a way) to do that. Oooooh. This is the best news of the week, maybe of the month. We've been waiting for sooo long for this. I never thought it would actually happen. So sometimes Google does listen. So maybe we can hope that not hiding http://www in Chrome will become an option someday...? I use a thick client mainly; I use GMail as an archive or when I'm away; GMail downloads my mail via POP (my primary address is not GMail). So, usually, I read mail outside GMail -- but GMail does not know what mail is already read. In a big thread, it opens all "unread" emails: the tens I read already and the last one I'm interested in. This is crazy and infuriating. Also, why are most recent emails in a thread at the bottom?? (maybe it can be configured somewhere?) And finally, like most "intelligent" features, it's much too smart (or not enough): it adds new mails to old threads. Many non-techies (and some techies as well) take an old email that has the list of recipients they're looking for, to start an entirely new discussion. Aggregating those new emails to an old thread that has nothing to do whatsoever with the subject at hand is idiotic. I just want mail sorted ante-chronologically; and then I just deal with the sorting myself. I upvoted you because that is me. I want a stack. > If you start a new conversation from an old thread, just change the subject... I'm not the one starting the conversation so I'm not at liberty to do anything. There is a thread. Then, days later, some member of this thread decides to start a new conversation by replying to this thread. It's the same "mailing list" but it should be a different thread. (But GMail has no way to know; this isn't a failure of GMail. The failure was, until today, to not allow to do without the threaded view). At least GMail should have had the option of breaking a thread; for each message in a thread, display a button that says "start a new thread here". > Most recent at the bottom: because people read from the top down, I'm sure. For one, most people is not all people: why not let us set the sort order? And secondly, I too read "from the top down", but I want to start with most recent emails; and then when I have read them all (if I read them all) I'll know the whole of the conversation -- but I can stop at anytime and still have the most recent status. If you start reading the most ancient emails, then if you stop before arriving to the most recent ones (because of a distraction, a phone call, etc.) then you have an "open" conversation in your head that is waiting to be completed. That will create a memory leak ;-) Ok, maybe. http: and // are two different things anyway; http is the protocol and // is the start of the path. (They (the Chrome team) seem to put them in the same "useless" basket.) Same for me. But the upsetting part is the attitude of the Chrome Team, who says "if you don't like it just use another browser". Well, there are lots of things I like about Chrome; this seems too small a detail to stop using it. An option buried somewhere would make me completely happy. "Too many user choices are bad", certainly; but advanced options are a different thing from decisions every user would have to make. For now the only possibility is to download the source, set a boolean somewhere in the code, and compile your own version. How crazy is that? The article is strangely written but full of very insightful observations. I like this one best: "Customers buy outcomes, they don't buy attributes" . Endless lists of features are pointless; features that work and are integrated into a predictable, enjoyable user experience are what customers want. But of course the hard part is to build a credible promise; Apple's has been 30 years in the making. Microsoft has one for the enterprise market. I'm not sure Google still knows what it is doing. Well if the management team won't work for Yahoo, then it's doubtful the Yahoo offer would stand; therefore there is no Yahoo offer and they should have taken the Google offer. It's not clear why they even considered the Yahoo offer if it was in fact impossible for Yahoo to go ahead. But as part of their diligence to consider the Yahoo offer, could they not have come to a conclusion such as this one: "given the fact that the management won't go, and that Yahoo won't buy Yelp without a management team, it follows that the Yahoo offer is void and nonexistent. So, let's pursue the Google offer"...? If for example I offered 3 trillion dollars for Yelp, would the board consider my offer (as opposed to laughing it off)? I guess my question is, What is the "reality threshold" of an offer? Great post, thanks. Typos: For one HN has it's own 'flavor' => its HN gets it's (more than) fair share of spam => its Weird HTML: It seems line-breaks are hard-coded with BRs inside of P elements? In this phrase the BRs are missing and therefore it crosses over to the invisible right side: The thresholds at which this happens changes over time, the downvote threshold is at 200 right now and the flag cap is at 100. There Ex-(French trader). This ruling is crazy (pay back everything (how??) and go to prison for three years). I very much doubt it can stand on appeal. Isn't this just wishful thinking? Everybody hates labels, and so wishes them dead (and for the record, so do I). But just because everyone wants them to die doesn't mean they will die. Labels sit on content, and their monopoly is protected by the full force of the law. The number of startups in the field or the evilness of label people does seem a little bit irrelevant. There is only one way labels can die: if they cease to have a monopoly on music content -- which means, either the world gets rid of copyright, or (young, new and aspiring) artists stop signing with labels. None of this is happening anytime soon. (It may happen, but in a rather distant future.) I have never visited, no. I know people from school who work at labels, but I can't say I meet with them often. Why the question? EDIT: oh, I understand the question, you work at a label. Well, I live in France, where "Hadopi" just went live. It's a government agency that monitors Internet traffic for copyright infringement and that can then cut off the Internet access of alleged offenders -- not because they themselves are convicted of copyright infringement, but because their Internet connection was used in this manner and they failed to prevent it. This law was inspired by and received the heavy support of professional organisations such as SACEM, etc. When an industry is instrumental in creating such legal monsters, I think it deserves the hate and contempt of the public, and more. Now, none of this has much to do with the subject of the article which was about the "digital future" of the industry. I just wanted to elaborate a little on the "hate" part of my initial post. You're right, but it was largely implied. My point is that the industry is right not to care much about its digital future, and to care more about what matters, ie, their monopoly on content. For as long as this monopoly stands, they will be strong and prosperous. That doesn't make them likable, but that does not make them stupid, either, as the article implies ( "They killed competition. Brillant." ). Besides, here's what PG writes in one of his essays: If you can figure out a way to turn a billion dollar industry into a fifty million dollar industry, so much the better, if all fifty million go to you. ( http://www.paulgraham.com/web20.html ) So maybe the "dream" of a "digital future" is just self-preservation, and maybe, yes, it IS brillant... I guessed between 500 and 700 because there are 4x10 blocks (40) with a range between 0 and 40 tickets per block (time slot). But in fact the top two rows are almost empty, and the bottom two have many tickets left. That makes: Max = 40 slots x 40 tickets div 2 rows = 1600 div 2 = 800 Min = 40 slots x 10 (average number of tickets) = 400 Probable range: somewhere inside 400-800 so lets say 500-700! (that is not a "strong" reasoning, that is just what I thought). Fantastic. From the examples in the paper it would seem possible to use this system not only to "translate" poetry but also to "produce" poetry, ie to transform a non-poetic text into poetry. The first example is wonderful (table 2 in the pdf): Reference: A police spokesman said three people had been arrested and the material was being examined. Baseline: A policeman said that three people were arrested and that the material is currently being analyzed. Poetic: Couplet in amphibrachic tetrameter An officer stated that three were arrested and that the equipment is currently tested. Couldn't agree more. If the .com is not available DON'T DO IT! I heard about http://wordoid.com/ here on HN -- it's a wonderful little webapp that lets you generate domain names that "sound natural" in a select list of languages and that (optionally) contain specific words. In the "more options" you can filter out domains where both .com and .net are unavailable (it would be better to just filter unavailable .coms but it still saves a lot of time). What makes .com the best domain is CTRL+Enter: .com is the default TLD; it's like having no TLD at all. All other TLDs, including .net, .org, .yourOwnCountry, .someExoticCountry are bad because they have to be mentioned. I don't find any of this controversial, it sounds like common sense -- except the thinking that "they" are animals and "they" are bad people. Just watch toddlers; the ones who can walk hit the ones who don't walk yet; and then they are happy about it. We're all animals; we're bad when we can get away with it. Not being bad requires a life of practice and self-restrain. > Normally the writer's craft is so obvious that it buries the art. When the art buries the craft, you have something special. This kind of formulation is upsetting because art and craft are the same thing (in many languages they're the same word, too). If you can't see the "art" "behind" the craft, then the craft is poor. The whole purpose of craft is to hide itself. Now, the craft is usually so poor that we made a whole other concept for "good craft", and that is "art". It wouldn't be a problem if "art" was just a shorthand for "good craft", but then it took a life of its own, and became associated with miracles, "gift of God". - - - That said, to me, "the best movie I've ever seen" is A Few Good Men , by the same Sorkin. I can't wait to see this one! You can't express yourself if your skills are poor. You're right that someone who has nothing to say will create artifacts of low value; but I would argue that expression is a function of one's mastery of the craft. There is a recurring theme in PG's essays about how computer languages affect how you think and therefore, what you can say using them. This is also a common theme in the "suits vs. geeks" debate; if you can't code, how can you imagine what code can do? In general the (philosophical) jury's still out on whether language predates thinking or the other way around; but it's a fact that all great "artists" produce their best work after many many years of practicing and perfecting their craft. This is the ultimate Glenn Beck machine. Look, everything is ultimately connected to Hitler! You should try to approach Jon Stewart with it, it would make for excellent satire. But... why bother being a millionaire if you can just pretend? The author of this article seems to assume that it's better to actually be a millionaire, even if it means living like the poor. I would think it's better to drive a luxury car (whatever that is) and drink expensive wine, even if you can't afford it, than the other way around. It's "bad" to pretend, only if it doesn't end well: if you have to repay what you borrowed, and can't -- but if you die before you're bankrupt you win! Now, none of this means much; it doesn't matter to live like a millionaire, or to be or not to be a millionaire, etc. What matters is peace of mind, happiness, fulfillment. A subject for another article maybe? Although probably not in the "Color of Money" column. I had never heard of Riak before (shame on me!) and it looks like the exact thing I would need for a project: does anyone care share success|horror stories? What about price? There is a free version but the prices of the commercial version (with support) are not disclosed. This makes it look like it's targeted at big companies...? How does it compare to S3? This I had seen, but it looks like big firms. The only thing that prevents me from using a Kindle is DRM: I want to be able to backup and really "own" the books I buy, and read them in whichever device I choose (or Notepad). Does Amazon realize how terrifying the '1984 incident' was? On the other hand, Amazon doesn't need to lift DRM: a crack would suffice. Any news on this front? That the universe, apparently, is nonlocal. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bells_Theorem (This article is quite complex; there was a superb article in Scientific American that described Bell's experiments and conclusions simply and clearly; it's here: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=was-einstei... but unfortunately it's behind a paywall). Here's another idea, for what it's worth: a home router that would also filter out ads and act as an antivirus. I would pay good money for this. At my home there are not less than 6 computers, each with two-to-three browsers that need an ad blocker, and all running some kind of anti-virus software (except the two macs). I understand incumbent anti-virus companies would rather sell me the same product four times, but there could be a disruptive startup selling the router... And ad-blocking software is currently free, but I think people would actually pay for an ad-blocking (physical) device. I would. A pilot does not need concealed weapons to crash a plane...?!? He pilots the damn machine. You strip search him, find nothing, let him go, and then he takes command of the plane and can crash it anywhere, any time. How obvious is this?? The link you posted below, to the "FedEx Express Flight 705" incident is completely irrelevant since Mr. Calloway was not in charge of steering that plane. Had he been, he would not have tried to kill the crew. Calloway was not flying the plane! From the Wikipedia article you linked to (twice) but apparently did not care to read: "The scheduled three-man flight crew consisted of 49-year-old Captain David Sanders, 42-year-old First Officer James Tucker, and 39-year-old Flight Engineer Andrew Peterson." "About twenty minutes after takeoff, as the flight crew carried on a casual conversation, Calloway entered the flight deck and commenced his attack." This incident is therefore entirely irrelevant to the conversation. - - - It's interesting, though, to find (articulate) American people who actually approve of the TSA methods, because I thought it was the TSA vs. the rest of the public (cf. "Ask the Pilot" Salon column for instance). It's interesting, but disheartening, because it means the TSA and its gropers and thugs are really here to stay. He was in uniform, maybe, but he was not in charge of flying anything that day. So he was a passenger that day (in a pilot uniform). Interesting. I don't remember if it's a real quote or if it's from a movie, but an elected official said once (again, a real official or an actor, I'm not sure): "let's have two planes; to get aboard plane A, nobody's searched or even asked a single question; to get aboard plane B you're submitted to the current TSA procedure and more; let's see how many people are willing to fly on plane A". The answer seems obvious: nobody will ever take plane A (or, only terrorists). But I'm not so sure. People do very dangerous things all the time. I drive a motor bike in Paris (also when it rains or snows): it's is much more frightening than flying in a commercial airliner, and statistically much more dangerous. But I can't stand the metro, however safe it is. The point is, there are many motor bikes and bicycles in Paris, so many people make the same trade-off between security and convenience, and prefer convenience. So, why not try it? You want to be searched and safe, take plane B; make sure to get to the airport 4 hours in advance, though, and to wear clean underpants. You don't care: take plane A. No problem. The meat of my comment is in the first sentence: "Calloway was not flying the plane". As per your second point, maybe we could actually go like this: every new invasive TSA procedure would be A/B tested on similar flights (same departure and destination, comparable times, same price). Do people want to be strip searched? Well, let's find out. You can take flight A where nobody is strip searched, or flight B where everyone is (all other existing security measures unchanged). If nobody (but me) is willing to take flight A, we have the answer we're looking for. My point was that everyone assumes that nobody will take flight A, but in fact we don't really know. You're right! I didn't know this word and assumed, wrongly, that it meant something like "deadbeat". I should have checked first; got caught up in the heat of the discussion. However, that makes the reference to this incident even more incomprehensible. Who said anything about off-duty pilots? Being a qualified pilot (or dressed as one) is not the point; the point, as has been stated many times now in this discussion, is that: 1. whoever is flying the plane today does not need to go through security, because they'll end up in the cockpit anyway 2. whatever piece of ID is enough to get someone at the commands of a commercial airliner today should also be enough to get past ordinary security procedures designed for passengers [Caveat: I really don't know anything about raising money, so this question may be stupid. If so, please be kind!] PG says that 1. "super angels" (acting like angels, but with outside money) are out to eat VCs' lunch by filling the gap between ordinary angels and VCs, putting more money than angels into startups but without requiring a board seat like VCs usually demand 2. VCs react to this threat by blowing up "valuation": they invest just like super angels, but at higher valuations, because they don't really care about valuation; they aim for the Big Exit (IPO) 3. super angels have a problem with high valuations because (presumably) they want to exit early; in an early exit the multiple is very dependent on the initial valuation. Super angels are so reluctant to accept high valuations that they brag not to fund the most high valued startups (which sounds crazy: the most high valued startups are probably the best ones) So, here's my question: does valuation have to be uniform? If I sell 2% of my company to Mr. A for x amount of dollars, do I have to sell 4% to Mr. B for $2x? Or can I sell 4% to Mr. B for the same $x, because he values the company less? It would seem, value is in the eyes of each buyer, who can pay what they want; I don't understand how VCs can single-handedly manipulate the total valuation of a startup? Why not segment the price for each kind of investor? Yes, but isn't the core use case the same with any third party identification service, such as Facebook Connect or MS Passport or whatever? On the target page it says $1499...? You don't buy them because they're cheap, you buy them because they're good and they work . The potato peeler IS a great product, and who doesn't need one?!? For the record, I had (and anyway, I had never visited this page, so it was not a local cache problem). I sometimes eat potatoes with the skin on, too, but carrots? And at some point in the video he mentions pineapples... surely you don't eat the skin of pineapples? > Keyboards are an impediment to your work. Programming is thinking and creating... This at first sounds true but really isn't; programming is not pure thought: it's thinking and implementing and seeing how the implementation goes and trying a different way, having new ideas, etc. You can't "think" in a pure vacuum; you need to bounce ideas off something real. I do some woodworking and let me assure you the "ideas" that I have before starting a project get changed a lot when confronted to the reality of wood and tools. After a while you discover that, to some extent, you end up making your own tools, that fit you and the projects you like to do. Programming-wise, that's also why I dislike IDEs: they add an additional layer between you and the object you're working on; it's like woodworking with gloves (impossible). And they don't contribute much; they advertise "speed", but the slow part is thinking, not typing! - - - (I'm typing this on a daskeyboard with blank keys, I've used it for two years, it's fantastic.) Ok, I'll bite. It's a little app that lets you find Imdb scores and release years for movies: you type a list of titles in a textbox and it responds with info that you can then export as .csv It's in the form of a Chrome extension for now (because I want it to be a Chrome app as soon as possible) that you have to use on a specific page. The extension is here: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/bjkkhgcacicbgbkn... The page you use it from is here: http://moviemagic.adgent.com/ I built it for a friend that has a big collection of movies on disks, that he has yet to watch, and who wanted to know which movies were worth his time. It still needs a lot of work, but I lack motivation to improve it since I don't watch many movies myself and the friend I built it for found it met his needs as is. But if anyone is interested I could go back to it. Not directly related (but not totally unrelated), try to search for "PDF/A" in the "ominous bar" => error. What you're looking for: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDF/A What you get: This webpage is not available. The webpage at http://pdf/a might be temporarily down or it may have moved permanently to a new web address. The reason for this, is probably that anything with a slash in it has to be interpreted as a url, since there is no protocol left to make the difference between a web address and a search... Maybe my post wasn't completely clear: I want to search for PDF/A, and actually the expected result is the Google result page for this search, ie: http://www.google.fr/search?q=pdf/a What I get instead is an error because Chrome tries to access the non-existent web page http://PDF/a ReadyForZero connects with people and empowers them with the right information ... "Empowers them"?? When Obama said to Jon Stewart that Larry Summers had done "a heck of a job" fixing the economy, Jon laughed and responded: "dude, you don't want to use that phrase". (Obama then said "pun intended", but still). Same here. If you're going after credit card companies and big corporations, please don't try to "empower" anyone, because by now people have learned what it's like to be "empowered" (hint: it hurts). Also: - most of their data seems to be from 2006 -- that was a long time ago - many problems listed, not many solutions - it seems highly improbable that people are drowning in debt because they don't know better; people have debts because they can, because they enjoy it -- they enjoy the goods the debts help buy, and the debt, they forget about it. Empowerment is a word used by big companies (and found many times in Microsoft marketese) to tell people they are going to be more powerful if they use their tools, when in fact they are going to get screwed, and pay every penny for it. When you think about it, power is not given, and esp. not given from the powerful to the powerless. Power is something you take. The fact is that the "empowerer" is looking down on the "empoweree"; if we're talking about parents and children, then maybe that's fine; but if we're talking about companies and customers, or bosses and employees, then beware (better still: run). That's the issue that I have with this article: it sounds like ordinary marketing PR, and plays on two very different levels. "OMG! Debt is a big problem! And look! we've found a (secret and unique) way to solve it!" Debt is a little bit like smoking: on a national scale, it's a huge problem, very difficult to solve; but on a personal scale it's not really a "problem". You want to quit smoking? QUIT SMOKING. Those guys seem to be talking about debt at a high level (where solutions would be needed, but are hard to find) to sell their individual-level solutions (which are easy to find, and therefore not really needed, since if people really wanted to be out of debt, they wouldn't get into it in the first place). This is apparently it: http://videos.apnicommunity.com/Video,Item,1068300085.html Many answers to this new policy proposals mention some version of the argument that if you don't participate, you shoudn't be able to solicit the help of others . While this is true to some extent, it undervalues the fact that RMS posts create value for everyone, since the comments are then available for everyone (not just the poster). I sometimes would like to be able to bill hourly, but find it impossible: 1) When I'm thinking about the project in the shower (where all the real thinking is being done) shouldn't the meter run? Apparently from the original post, the only billable time is the typing time, which is a little bit funny. 2) How do you know if you're fast or slow? Are you even consistent? Sometimes a stupid feature takes me half a day; sometimes something really complicated snaps together in an instant. 3) Even more so, the client has no clue of what time it takes to do something (and how could he, given that I haven't got many clues either, beforehand). If I tell him that it took me 3 hours to do X and 5 minutes to do Y he will be shocked! He will think I'm crazy, or bullshitting him, or that I'm trying to convey some other message that he'll spend the next week trying to decode. 4) What about warm-up time? When I get back to a project I left a week ago, it takes about an hour to get up to speed; how should this hour be billed? Besides, every theory of pricing tells us that price should NEVER be based on costs. Price should be based on value because that's what it is: price == value. The problem of course is that the client won't tell you what the value is. What I end up doing is: - if I can get an idea of the client's budget, and I find this budget acceptable, then that's my price - if not, my personal rule of thumb is (maybe counter-intuitively) to bid low on things that are new for me (and interesting), because I really want to learn the skills and get the reference on my portfolio; and to bid relatively high on things I know well, because I don't really care to get the project or not, and if I do get it I expect it to contribute financially to all the other stuff. (So if you want to hire me cheap, make me do something I've never done). Also, it's been my experience that clients care about the price before the project begins, but never after. > put an appropriate price on the value you're providing to clients My point exactly... Actually, my whole point was that I try to bill: (value to client) div (my willingness to do this particular project) It looks great but it appears to be down? Every request of the form http://api.ihackernews.com/profile/pg answers {"username":null,"createdAgo":null,"karma":0,"about":null,"version":"1.0","cachedOnUTC":"\/Date(-62135575200000)\/"} and this page http://api.ihackernews.com/page says this Server Error in '/' Application. Oh, ok, thanks for the info. But did it send a request to HN with every request it received? It could have answered with the data it had...? Now everything is a 404, did you take the service down completely? I think yes, serverside web frameworks may be becoming less relevant, to a certain extent; I just finished a monitoring app for a small company that is entirely in JS, with data stored on the server and computations (graphs, etc.) done on the fly by the client (it's an internal business app, so I get to tell end users what browser to use, etc.) - - - A counter argument is that it's considered "better" to bring the computation to the data than the data to the computation: ie, make the server calculate everything and serve it to a dumb client, because: 1) the server is more powerful than the client 2) one never knows what the client is capable of (the developers don't control the clients), there are many clients and just one server 3) usually, any given calculation only uses part of the data, so if the server computes and sends the results, it makes for smaller data transfers There is however a big counter-counter-argument: I pay for the server, you pay for the client. When there are many clients that ask for results that are not easily cacheable, I think it can be much simpler to just have a dumb server that serves data, and compute on the client. Browser vendors talk about benchmarks all the time but what really matters to me is startup and closing times; here Chrome really shines and FF3.6 is slow as hell. It's probably about perception; maybe the browser should show a window even if it's not really ready (and maybe there is a problem with plugins and add-ons that need to initialize themselves, etc.) Anyway, how is FF4b7 doing in this regard...? After a while when there are many tabs opened, I find it easier to start anew by closing the browser (in fact I kill the task). There is also a shared computer in my home that is used by my wife and my kids; there, browsers are constantly opened and closed since for some reason, most non-tech people (that I know -- and that includes my wife) close and reopen the browser to start a new browsing session. Chrome is crazy with history; it seems to save everything forever. I delete its history regularly; I had not noticed it had an impact on startup time, though. I developed a simple webapp that generates jogging routes that come back to their starting point. I wanted to know what functionalities I could add to make the service more useful; since services such as Get Satisfaction start at $19 a month, I developed my own solution (a very simple one, but truly independent of the source website, so it can be deployed on other sites). The button is named "help us help you" which I thought was cooler than "Feedback". I'm sad to report, however, that in the week it's been up, it's never been used by anyone... Maybe I need a feedback button to gather feedback about the feedback system?!? For those interested, the jogging service is here: http://tjp.adgent.com/ I'm really not sure it means much to say that people are "risk-adverse" or not; humans (and monkeys! see http://www.ted.com/talks/laurie_santos.html ) are BOTH: they prefer to play it safe when they expect a gain, and prefer risk when they expect a loss. For example, people (in general) prefer $500 now than a 50% chance of $1000, but the same people prefer to take a 50% chance of losing $1000 than losing $500 now with certainty. Behaviorists call this "irrational" because the two cases are the same: whatever you prefer, you should prefer the same, that is: - if you're "risk adverse", you should prefer the certain outcome in both cases - if you have a preference for risk, you should take the chance every time. But it's not what happens; to repeat, the same individual usually prefers the outcome that is certain when the expected outcome is a gain, and usually prefers to take a chance when the expected outcome is a loss, even when those options are mathematically identical. So, if one wants to show that entrepreneurs are different from ordinary people as regards to risk, they should study at least those two dimensions: gain/loss. And since most people prefer risk when confronted with a possible loss, then entrepreneurs would have to either - prefer risk always when confronted with a possible loss - prefer risk more often when confronted with a possible gain. - - - If there actually is a difference between "entrepreneurs" and other people, it may be that entrepreneurs have a higher confidence in their own capacities, so that they think that they can influence the future in a good way. A useful follow-up question should have been "how are startups invited to do an interview when they're not able to describe what they're doing in two sentences?" It does not seem possible that an application where the only description is "we're improving the way people interact" gets an invitation; so, when the interview is a little shallow (because of stress, etc.) why not start back from the application? Or maybe the interview is not about the idea, but about the ability of the founders to communicate effectively...? There is a meme growing on Twitter: http://twitter.com/#search?q=%40cnn Mr. President: Would you send Michelle/Sasha/Malia through TSA screening? Naked photos or invasive genital groping, you get to pick. I don't understand what you find "cool": not showing protocol, not showing query parameters, or both? > Parameters at the end of web addresses are visually hidden when the address field is not focused I think those are terrible, terrible ideas; to the best of my knowledge this behavior was pioneered by Chrome and is now growing like a cancer, under the false premise that "non-technical users don't understand urls". How are they going to ever understand them if browsers don't show it to them??!? Hiding query parameters breaks the relation between a url and its content; now all of Google is under the same "www.google.com" url: how is that "better"? By the same principle that "young people don't understand words" let's remove all printed words and simply print books with the same cover and the same title -- they're all "books" anyway. All modern browsers deal with phising without destroying information; just alert the user that the site they're visiting is not what it claims to be. If users don't look at the address bar and don't understand urls, how are they going to tell something is amiss when they visit the following domains (all available at the time of writing): - gnail.fr - gnail.me - gmail.se.com - gmail.uk.net - yahooo.uk.com - yahooo.eu.com Only showing the domain does not help the non-technical user: you can have a fake domain look quite legitimate to the non-technical eye. Just texted from Paris, got pinned in the middle of France: I guess for Europe it only detects the country? If the TechCrunch article is to be believed, Facebook gives itself the power to filter and block outbound private emails between users based on its content. > Not only is it currently impossible to share a Lamebook link to your News Feed or a friend’s Facebook Wall — you can’t even include them as part of a direct message or email to friends I'm not on Facebook so I don't really know; if I'm wrong about this then I'm sorry. But if it's true, it's crazy. Private communication between people that the system knows 1) are human (as opposed to an automatic spamming engine) 2) mutually declared themselves to be "friends" should not be monitored in any way. If the recipient wants to set up a filter then it's fine, but if messages are blocked at the source then it's very disturbing. Everyone used to assume that Big Brother nightmares were imaginary and overblown; now that Facebook is becoming the main communication channel between some people, those nightmares are real...? Do you even need to think about infinite geometric series? You have a 1/3 chance of picking the direct door, so on average it will take you three tries to catch it. 1 try == 1 day delay expected (1/3 x 0 + 1/3 x 1 + 1/3 x 2). 3 tries, 3 days. Interesting. Looking at the source I see that you calculate and store an md5 hash for each comment: var commentContentMd5 = md5($this.find('table td:eq(2) span.comment').text()); However each comment on HN has a unique id, that can be found on the links of the up and down keys: Wouldn't it be easier (and maybe faster) to use these ids to identify comments? > but once you vote on a comment that id is gone The score is in a span that has the same id: 3 points > if a comment changes it is marked as unread again But identical comments in different conversations are marked as read... ;-) You can store the highest comment id for each article: any comment with an (id > stored highest id for the current article) is new. The hash thing is interesting for detecting edits, but since comments can be edited only for a limited amount of time (an hour maybe?) it doesn't need to be stored for a long time. Therefore maybe you could do: - hash => sessionStorage - article_id;highest_comment_id => localStorage Another biker here. It's true that as a motorcycle rider you're completely invisible: not just that you should imagine yourself invisible -- you really are. Nobody in a car has the faintest clue that there can be non-car vehicles on the road, probably next to them when they change lanes, etc. If you think they can see you, you're dead. BUT I like it that way: it's cool to be invisible, and it's also safer. Car drivers don't understand bikes: when they see you they have all sort of weird reactions -- like kindly going to the side to give you more room, forgetting that there might be another bike on the other side that they are cutting off! My favorite car drivers are the ones that don't care about me, stay in the middle of their lane at constant speed -- in general, those who are predictable. And that's probably where the analogy with the startup world breaks: a startup really needs to be noticed to move forward -- although maybe not by everyone; it's better if competitors don't notice you before it's too late. So cars are competitors; but who are the customers? > So if you speak to an American consular official, you deserve that conversation to be made public? But if you comment online about file-sharing, you deserve to remain anonymous? The difference between my secrets and the secrets of the government is that the government works for me. The government governs in the name of the people. I am the people. Government employees are my employees. If my employees keep their actions secret from me, conspire with diplomats from other countries against me and try to push me into waging wars based on false information, then I should be able to find this out and make it public. > [Wikileaks] are my enemy, and I support any use of state force against them, up to and including lethal force. You have the right to "support" anything you want, but the US constitution (in theory!) prevents the government from killing individuals without due process (which includes charging them with crimes based on pre-existing laws, and trying them in an open court). If you don't approve of the US constitution, then what are you fighting for...? Driving a car is probably safer than driving a bike. But, being on a motorcycle, it's safer to stay invisible (and drive accordingly) than to be "visible" and incur weird reactions from car drivers. The article does not judge; in fact it says: whatever the preparation and outlandish cost, perhaps it's not simply ruthless determination that makes someone abandon their team mates, and yet still have the energy to summit. In such alien conditions, utterly hostile to human life, climbers might face their own mortality. Under the spectre of pure, unadulterated fear, they must realize that they are beyond help as well as beyond helping anyone else. If they don't, they fall among those who never leave, abandoned on Everest. No. He's talking about Rupert Murdoch's writings, in 1958, reflecting on Keith Murdoch's revelations about Gallipoli. Keith Murdoch was Rupert's father. The Gallipoli campaign happened during WWI, in 1915-1916, nearly a century ago. Weird: Sardinia is much brighter than Corsica (density for Corsica (34 hab. per km2) is about half the density of Sardinia (70 hab. per km2), so I guess that explains it?) Weirder: Portugal (11M people, 114 hab. per km2) is much brighter than Spain (44M people, 93 hab. per km2): the difference in density does not seem to explain the difference on the map. Are Spaniards less social than the Portuguese? Mmm. The CPU is the whole brain, and WoW is the totality of human behavior; so a more correct analogy would be: "I disabled the arithmetic co-processor and look, this character behaves erratically -- while the rest of the game seems unaffected". Looks extraordinary by the HN comments; unfortunately the site is down right now... ;-( La rançon du succès, I guess. John Deweese, "one of the creators" says here that "it's a platform". Here's one thing they could do: open the platform to distribute dictionaries from third parties. Questvisual could still sell "basic" or "standard" dictionaries for each language pair, but they would also sell competing dictionaries, that could either try to address the problem from a different angle (phrase translation vs. word translation), or be specialized dictionaries: legal, medical, etc. They would take a cut, of course, and they would create a market that they would curate. Great wins for everyone! > The Delicious user community could organize to save the data themselves via a coordinated harvesting project. This weekend I built Scrapious: a Chrome webapp to export bookmarks from Delicious https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nbahmnpelbdcmkpllm... The user types in groups of tags and the app downloads the bookmarks associated with those tags. > The second approach could produce valuable results but would require no shortage of cleverness in order to avoid triggering rate limiters and other abuse mitigation mechanisms. My app tries to behave well by - limiting the number of requests to one per second at most - doing aggressive local caching - downloading only the first 200 bookmarks per tag group This last limit is arbitrary; Delicious apparently lets one see at most 2000 bookmarks for any combination of tags (200 pages of 10 bookmarks) but I wanted to be conservative. The article talks about the value of Delicious' memories; I don't know how to get to the most ancient bookmarks; maybe range queries are possible, or maybe one can sort results by date asc? (This comment was also posted in the article's comment thread). It's a webapp; it could be in the form of a simple website. But it scrapes with Ajax, and you can't do that from an ordinary website (same-origin policy). HTML5 should let the app ask for permissions, but this is seldom supported. It would be possible to scrape from a server, but that would expose the same IP over and over again, which would be very easy for the target to block; a client-side scraping tool is run from many IPs, making detection and blocking a lot harder (I hope). Finally, while coding the core of the app is enjoyable, cross-testing css rendering differences is a big pain. Publishing this as a Chrome webapp is a way to make sure every user (all three of them) uses the same browser. I would argue the most interesting non-medical paragraph is this one: The Polynesians did not have lodestones with which to make compasses, and their navigation system does not emphasize the stars, but the sea itself. The different wave patterns are studied and observed, as many, improbably, as fourteen simultaneously. (...) Navigating by wave train alone, the waves were best felt with the testicles; the navigator on each canoe had a special cabin he hunkered in. The idea, however, of making sense out of an interference pattern involving more than three or four wave systems is mind-boggling. The mathematical complexity of a fourteen-source interference pattern would appear more than can be held by any human brain. Or scrotum. And apparently, it's true! http://www.cseg.ca/publications/recorder/2008/09sep/sep2008-... I did refrain from asking whether this particular navigation technique contributed to the prejudice that women can't drive... > what I believe to be true is very far from accepted/conventional wisdom on such topics. It often gets either ignored or downvoted here. :-/ I had a weird experience on HN some time ago when I tried to argue that death was actually a good thing and was immediately downvoted. It seems people downvote comments they perceive to be "contrarian", ie insincere and artificially opposed to mainstream; the problem of course is that it's very difficult to discriminate ingenuous from disingenious contrarian opinions. Just because one thinks different does not mean they do it on purpose. And in the end, only the truth should matter; even if a point is actually being argued disingeniously, this fact alone doesn't make it wrong... Maybe, but this happened on his site, and Google withheld the money from the Youtube ads, which constituted the bulk of his revenue. That's just not fair. And they continue to run ads next to his Youtube videos; they simply stopped giving him his share. That is even less fair. Maybe the lesson is: have multiple accounts with Adsense so that if one has a problem then the others are unaffected. > Amazon and I are apparently looking at the world in a different way I don't think Amazon is looking at the world in any specific way. Amazon listens to whoever shouts louder. Unfortunately, people who want to ban books (for whatever reason) are much more vocal and much better organized than people who would rather not ban any book. It is censorship. It's not enough to say that "it's a private company, it should be left to do as it pleases" (as the counter-argument goes). In many other domains there are rules enforcing general principles, especially for private companies . Employment is one of them. A company cannot say "since, as a private company I should be free to make my own employment policies, I'll just engage in race discrimination". Just the same, the First amendment should be enforced for private companies. If your business is helping anyone publish content, then it should not be possible for you to filter out content or authors based on your own private rules/opinions. Anything that's legal is acceptable -- and the legality is decided by a court of law. I'm quite optimistic we'll get there eventually, but it'll take time and effort. This is a great article. I especially liked the idea that > humans today are starting to play more like computers ie, the advent of computers that are prejudice-free pushed human players into a whole different way of playing; from just the previous sentence: > a move isn't good or bad because it looks that way or because it hasn’t been done that way before. It’s simply good if it works and bad if it doesn't. What I don't like as much is the constant complaint that we're not trying hard enough to make computers think like humans, that Deep Blue and all its ilk dumbly calculate millions of moves without really "thinking". This reminds me of the efforts that are made to have robots look like humans (walk like us for example). What's the point? A Roomba doesn't have legs and yet it's better than me at vacuum cleaning (meaning, we both suck, but I suck more). We wouldn't want pliers to be shaped like a hand; computers are pliers for the brain: they extend it, but they don't need to be shaped like it. I read the first half of the article and couldn't find a point; I gave up. What is this article about??!? > I encountered an environment that viewed social networking as a frivolous form of entertainment I don't think Google to this day actually wants to be in social networking; the problem they have with Facebook is they can't index it, they can't be a gateway to Facebook as they are to everything else; Facebook in many ways is the gateway for its users. Came here to say this but you said it before! ;-) Also, "crowd-sourced curated lists of websites" sound like the old Yahoo directory of yore. They will either become obsolete very quickly or spammers will find a way to penetrate and dominate them. Yes, absolutely. I live in France, I'm 40, and I don't think I've ever met anyone since I was born, who doesn't know how to do basic cooking. Over here people invite their friends for dinner all the time, and it would be beyond unacceptable to serve anything not prepared by the host/hostess. Reading the great Tony Bourdain I learned that what happened in the US happened after WWII; before that time the US was a pretty "normal" country, food-wise. Exception in which way? The Germans seem to do a lot of cooking too, from what I know, as well as Spaniards or Italians. > There are no tricks involved, although the site involves AdSense. (Which you never have to see if you use AdBlock or something like that) Is the target audience of that site likely to use AdBlock...?!? Edit: my point is, it doesn't seem consistent with the stated goal of "helping" those people to send them off on wild goose chases with ads (a number of which may advertise the same kind of service). An interesting point of this post is that Twitter is effectively about to replace RSS, and that in order to use Twitter one has to have an account with it and "follow" such and such. But is this really true? Wouldn't it be possible to build an (authorized) interface to Twitter that would serve search results according to topics/keywords without actually creating an account with Twitter? Something along the lines of twitfeed.com/topics?q=topic1+topic2+topic3 I'm sure this already exists somehow? It's certain that annoying gadgets such as "Instant" reflect poorly on Google priorities. The mission of Google is to help users find stuff , not generate the maximum possible number of ad impressions per query (which would be quite short-sighted). But, is it really getting worse? It's never been possible to use Google effectively to research dishwashers. Never. I remember using a Firefox extension to block specific domains from Google search for a long time (it's now called "OptimizeGoogle" but had another name before that). Dishwashers aside, I still find Google pretty effective. Jeff's post starts with a chart that shows that 88.2% of SO's traffic comes from Google; if Google was that bad, wouldn't users start to use something else? Where is the increase in traffic from Bing (0.9% from the same chart!)? Where's the nascent but so powerful traffic from blekko...??!? You're right, but my point is that, if Google is bad, it should begin to lose market share. If it does not in fact lose market share while there are good alternatives, it must mean users are satisfied with what they're getting (or not unhappy enough to switch). > So what I want is a browser. A browser that uses multiple search engines automatically and completely eliminates any "fluff" from rendered pages -- perhaps even combining various pages into much simpler displays. Aren't you describing a "metasearch engine"? They have been around for quite some time (which does not mean they could be much improved, of course). Yes, but there are many sites (even reputable ones that should know better) that don't allow email addresses with a + in it. It's infuriating... but it's real... I didn't follow the original discussion, but while I agree with the importance of the "open web" and the relative evilness of "corporate blogging silos", I don't quite understand how RSS and HTML are "really different faces of the same thing". RSS is an open way of discovering new content; it is dead(-ish) because real people don't use it . I'm aware that there are RSS readers; there even are RSS readers that actually work. But RSS readers are not what the great majority of people use to discover new content; new content is discovered "socially" on YC or Reddit, etc. The choice of a search engine does not rest on your geographic location; you may be forced to go with Comcast but you're free to use Bing, no? > Everyone knows tech crunch is dead as dead can be. Killed. Dead. Dead. Pushing up the daisies. A former blog. Dead.dead. Sad. Those guys aren't Monty Python, that's for sure. In memoriam: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vuW6tQ0218 > [how do i make a blueberry pie] You know very well that this is not how search works. You don't "ask a question" to the search engine like you would ask your grandmother. You type in words that you expect to be in the pages you're looking for, and the search engine lists pages that actually contain ALL of those words . One of the main improvements of Google in the very early days was that it used the AND operand by default, whereas competing search engines used OR by default, resulting in an incredible amount of noise. In essence, searching for "how do i make a blueberry pie" (with quotes) should return only spam , because only spammy and SEO optimized sites would contain the phrase as such. A real recipe would maybe contain the phrase "how TO make a blueberry pie" but not "how do i..." - - - I think your point was that "middle aged women" don't know any of this. It would be arguable (probably wrong, but still) that people who don't know this, who didn't make the effort to understand a little how all of this works, deserve the spam they get. There is a good way to discriminate between good and bad content, and that is to know a little about what you're searching in order to search for words that will be present in good quality content and NOT in spammy pages. For example, it's reasonnable to expect a good recipe to give instructions in metric system as well as imperial; if you add "celsius" to the search then the second (informative) recipe arrives first: http://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+make+blueberry+pie+cel... Please don't dumb down Google. It happens all the time. It happened with stemming. It happened with "Instant". It happened, stealthily, quite a long time ago, when Google started to return results that contained most of the search terms, but not all , or when it returned results that contained words that appeared "in the pages linking to this page". It happens when one tries to use allintext: and is identified as a robot (why??!?) People should understand how to use a search engine instead of have machines (second-)guess what they're thinking. People learn to drive; if people can't drive a car we don't give them a car that drives itself! -- Oh, wait. Isn't it possible that all of this recent bad press about Google would be a consequence of "Instant"? Here's my thinking: - to get good results, one needs to type as many relevant words as possible - Instant encourages people to type less and less words (not even words: a few keystrokes and you're on) But if you type very few words, or if you search for "frequent" queries (generated by Instant in response to your few keystrokes) then all you get is spam. Spam is optimized for frequent queries, not very specific ones. Instant should be renamed Instant spam . (I really don't understand your first/second sentence (what's injurious?) Also, I'm 40.) > I will accept that "Google screwed up" (...) if one of my users has a suboptimal Internet experience I respect that, and from a business point of view you're very right. The problem is, how do you improve her experience without screwing up mine? Why can't I search for pages that actually contain all the words I'm looking for, as I typed them, and not words "that were present in the page linking to this page" or words Google think I want although I didn't type them in? From a "moral" point of view (which you brought up), if she "wants to teach kids to read" maybe she could start by learning how to spell? > I think search result quality is a bit more involved than just testing whether a page contains a set of words Google bombs work because Google includes in the words of the current page, words in the links leading to the page (inside the anchor), and even, I believe, words in the page linking to the current page, outside of the link itself. And then fields are weighted to calculate relevance. Those long, long urls with the title of the page in the url started to appear and proliferate when people noticed that words in the url were given an important boost factor by Google. This broke the Internet a little, by the way. That's why we need links shorteners now, with urls containing whole goddamn paragraphs. I don't know why the above comment is being downvoted, but I'm guessing it's because it sounds "elitist" (which is apparently a very great crime). To elaborate, then: I agree with the parent comment that it's Google's job to make everyone's experience optimal (and not the user's), and it's certainly in the best interests of Google (or any business) to cater to the needs of as many of its customers as possible (although in the case of Google, as has been pointed out many times before, users are in fact the product). But I would argue that the real elitists are people who think "middle aged women" shouldn't be expected to actually learn how to use machines. "Middle aged women" (why single them out?) use machines all the time, whether at work or at home. They're expected to know how to use a spreadsheet, a word processor, a food processor. And they do. But somehow this expectation is lifted for "the Internet". Why? A search engine is not a person; it's certainly not a mind reader. A search engine is just a machine. Amazon is great but search on Amazon doesn't work too well; what works very well is to use Google and restrict the search to Amazon: site:amazon.com some product You're right, and yet I disagree with you (which I guess means I'm wrong). Your position is the path of least resistance: indulge users in their ignorance. It's optimized for the short term, and in other contexts leads to great catastrophes (fast food, for example). It would be interesting to know the proportion of Google ad revenue between displaying ads on its own properties (search, but also Gmail, etc.) and networks of ads on external content. The reason why spam exists is because people make money from it. If AdSense is the problem, how much would it hurt to just drop it? Certainly another system would appear, but then Google could discriminate against any website with ads on it without being accused of being unfair to competitors. Yes, the end of my comment was a (weak) attempt at humor, since there has been quite some talk lately about Google building cars that will drive themselves: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/10/science/10google.html Edit: actually, all I really wish for, is for allintext: to work all the time. Why would I be a robot if I'm logged in, on an account of a normally active Gmail box? Also, why is it such a secret? Why not make it more visible? A checkbox on the home page... The Food Network? Really? The home of "semi-homemade"...? ;-) About Clarke's law, here's an observation by George Bernard Shaw: "Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it." Quotations aside, the process you're describing is certainly excellent; it's probably what Blekko is trying to pull, in a scalable way. It'll be interesting to watch how it plays out. Thanks for the info. But how would SERP quality drop if pages without ads received a boost? Many high quality sites have ads, but not all. Yet all spam sites have ads (or else what's the point of spamming). So by discriminating against pages with ads, you eliminate spam at the (possible) cost of hurting a little legitimate sites with ads. This should be testable. > plenty of spammers optimize for long tail searches But how do they do it? By nature, there are many more long tail searches than frequent ones, and each one is rarer (or unique). How do spammers find them? It's easy to filter out spam once we identify it; so the question is: "what is spam"? Some argue that content farms such as Demand Media aren't spammers, because the content they produce actually satisfies better the casual searcher than elaborate, savant exposés on the same subject. Casual content for casual searchers. Others consider that content farms-issued pages are the epitome of spam: spam that doesn't look like spam, and that ends up cluttering search results. Spam is not irrelevance: spam is clutter . A corollary to "what is spam" is: "who should make the call"? Originally, Google tasked itself with making this call, and it did a pretty good job at it. But why not me? It should be possible for Google to make a difference between "casual" and serious content, and then let the user decide which they prefer. Well actually, that is already possible: it's called "reading level" and it's accessible in the advanced page. Searching for "how to wire an outlet" gives ~12 M results, the first of which comes from about.com. When filtering the search to display only "advanced reading level" results, there are only 264,000 results left, the first two coming from Wikipedia (and the 3rd and 4th still coming from ehow.com). So Google already knows what is "casual content" and already lets users filter it out. Maybe a simple solution would be to add the filter directly in the search results page instead of having it buried in the advanced options. But that is not true of any other human activity. Every human activity is learned. The correct way to eat is not to throw handfuls of food towards your face, hoping that some will end in your mouth. That is how toddlers eat, until they are taught otherwise. The correct way to write is not to scribble on a table with the wrong end of the pen. Etc. Yet you argue that the correct way to use a search engine should be "how you do it when you first try it and don't know anything about it". This is inconsistent with what you have been doing since you were born. Good point, but ExpertsExchange has ads too. It also behaves in a spammy way, burying the answers at the very end of the page. That should be detectable behavior. Another story on the front page of HN today documents how the original paper linking vaccine to autism was a fraud (a downright lie). Interestingly, when one searches for just "vaccine autism" in Google here are the titles of the first 4 results: Medical fraud revealed in discredited vaccine-autism study MMR vaccine controversy - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 'No evidence' for autism-vaccine link (cnn.com) Journal: Study linking vaccine to autism was fraud - Yahoo! News There are zero results from content farms in the first 20 results. So, curiously, on such topics, content from content farms is completely filtered out by Google. (If one searches for the same topics only on ehow.com for example, the results talk about a "controversy" and say nothing about an actual fraud). Is the filtering the result of general Page Rank algorithms (pages on eHow on autism receiving less links than pages on cooking or wiring outlets) or are pages already weighted by topic, by Google? ("important topic" => "casual content" bad; "casual topic" => "casual content" ok) Fewer humans do that query because it is kept almost secret (why do bots like allintext ?) I wouldn't mind answering a captcha from time to time, but instead Google just bans the use of allintext for several dozen minutes (or more). Really frustrating. Exactly. The point is that users who consider eHow useful, don't filter it, and users who do, do. Let the user decide instead of doing it for them. > We can make software do anything we want (almost). We can build new software to do anything we want (if we know how to program). But some individual somewhere cannot have Google behave in some specific way. In that sense Google is very much a physical object of the world. I totally, completely and unconditionaly agree with your last point: it is absolutely in the best interests of Google to respond to every query with relevant results, however it's formulated. If 99% of Google users ask Google questions like they would a person, then Google should be able to provide answers; that is true even if only 10% of users used it that way. My point however is not about Google: it is about the user. The user would gain from learning how search engines work, and formulate their queries accordingly. It's often stated that users shouldn't be bothered to learn how to use your service, because "they have more important things to do" and "there are other services to choose from". This is good advice for businesses (common sense, really); it is bad business to expect users to dedicate time and effort to use your system. But I have a hard time accepting that this is an excuse for users to ever learn anything. At the same time as it is Google's responsibility to serve users as best it can, it is each user's responsibility to try to improve their mastery of such tools. The lesson here is to use names that don't carry content/meaning. A name is a pointer. > Joseph Banks Rhine, a psychologist at Duke, had developed an interest in the possibility of extrasensory perception, or E.S.P. Rhine devised an experiment featuring (...) cards printed with one of five different symbols: a card was drawn from the deck and the subject was asked to guess the symbol. A [test subject] averaged nearly 50% during his initial sessions, and pulled off several uncanny streaks, such as guessing nine cards in a row. The odds of this happening by chance are about one in two million. I think this is what happened: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn7-JZq0Yxs#t=1m24s (opening scene from Ghostbusters). The point of "replicability" is to eliminate bias; but it assumes bias affects each person independently. In fact, bias is also a cultural phenomenon and is subject to fashion. Some results are expected at a certain point in time; replicating an experiment with different experimenters ("scientists") at the same time doesn't eliminate the "fashion bias". Repeating the experiment ten years later does. > I worry about statements like "Such anomalies demonstrate the slipperiness of empiricism." I found the end of the article very honest and open, except the two last paragraphs, which are indeed a little sensationalist and relativist (the sentence you quote is the first of the last paragraph). The article should have stopped at "the decline effect is actually a decline of illusion" (perfect conclusion). Highlighting is neat; but concerning deep linking, the parent has a point: since the NYT controls the source, why not simply generate anchors for each paragraph? The upside would be that there would be much less work needed to find edited paragraphs: a paragraph would be identified by its anchor and it could be changed completely, as long as the anchor is still there the link's fine. This approach has certainly been envisioned: it would be interesting to know why it was put aside? > To survive natural selection the gene must give the animal some reproductive advantage. Most probably, but not necessarily. A gene can be present without being useful because it is linked to another gene that is itself useful; or it can be a leftover from an earlier moment of evolution where it was useful, and then it ceased to be useful but there was never an evolution pressure strong enough to have it disappear. In summary, just because a gene is present and active does not mean it's useful today . How did they "move" to SF -- esp. regarding visa issues -- is what we'd like to know... Tell us more! A tourist visa is limited to 3 months I think; and founding (and funding) a startup is certainly considered "work"? > I don't recall anything about actually moving to the US It's right there in the title and in this sentence (last sentence of paragraph 2): the team decided they would pack their bags and move across the Atlantic for good I don't understand much about visa rules; from a distance it seems the rules are very strict and complex, but enforced unevenly; I would love to read a comprehensive article on this subject. I don't know if this is the proper place (if not, sorry), but there's a device I've been dreaming about and that I would gladly pay for: a home router / service that would also do antivirus, content filter and VPN in a user-friendly, turn-key way. There are products that address some of these features (and yes it can be custom built "by hand"), but I'm not aware of something that does it all out of the box? Here's a more detailed description. 1. Antivirus 1.1 At the gate Since the only way to get something on my computers is via the Web, it doesn't seem efficient to run an AV on each one; this device would check all incoming traffic. 1.2 "AV DMZ" Ideally, this device would also be able to do an AV check on hard disks and such when connected to it via USB, so that if someone comes to my house with a USB drive I can check it there without having any other machine with an antivirus installed. 2. Proxy / filter 2.1 AdBlock This is currently worse than antivirus software (except that it's free): one needs one AV per computer, but one AdBlock per browser (and some browsers can't have any, except by using a proxy). Having it centralized would be so much simpler. 2.2 Content filter / blocker Most home routers have some sort of white list / black list mechanisms, but they have to be edited manually; this device would filter content based on crowd-sourced lists; there could be different lists of differing strength (cf. all the recent talk about content farms). 3. VPN Content is being more and more controlled, either at the source (Hulu) or by governments, even in the West (France, Australia and others -- cf. Wikileaks). A VPN service that would a/ encrypt traffic and b/ make it originate from different places in the world (user-selectable among different solutions offered by the service, maybe for different prices) would alleviate all those problems. > If someone on your network decides to search for content you have blocked... I don't mind; it's a device for the home, not for the office. I'm not trying to enforce anything for my "users", I'm just looking for convenience for me. Content blocking is not a punishment that people would want to escape: it's a reward! Use it if you want to, don't use it if you don't want to... This is a small detail, but this checkbox: Save your name and work history. could use a so that it works when one clicks on the text as well as on the box. Encoding video is not an automatic process that can be sent to a batch process and forgotten about; encoding is art , meaning it has to be done by someone who masters their tools, visually checks the result and adjust the process accordingly, for each video (even for each scene!) Otherwise the result is shit. So, changing codecs is a lot of work for content producers; maybe it's for the better, but don't say "it's just a script", because it simply isn't. (I agree with your last paragraph though). This evokes another business idea: airanything.com -- airbnb for everything else. > * and it’s privacy message seemed to resonate with users* > While... but... Is there a copy editor at Wired? But detecting duplicate content should not be very difficult, esp. now that Google indexes everything almost in real time. The site that had the content first is necessarily canonical and the others are the copies? Because we don't understand what's hard, we think you're not really trying, and then we make up evil reasons to explain that. I believe if people understood better the difficulties of spam fighting they would be more understanding. > Because that wouldn't solve the problem for clones of other sites, or clones in other languages. Sites that are the victims of content cloning have to be very visible and valuable, so maybe a little manual curating could be relevant. > the Stack Overflow cloners could just make other websites Not really? The point is not to tag the clones but to tag the original; everything that is not the original and that has copied content is a clone -- its name, domain or country notwithstanding. How do you measure your own performance regarding spam? If the measurement system is able to detect spam, why is spam not removed in the first place, before it has a chance to show up in the metrics...? The master quote is this: a good story will give you more dimensionality than you can ever cope with . Don't bother with technology. What "piracy" proves is that people are more than willing to trade quality for convenience. People will put up with crappy image and garbled sound if it means they can watch what they want faster. The movie industry loves technology because technology scales (sort of); but what sells tickets are story and talent. Avatar is a counter-example, yes. But I would argue that in this case the main story was technology itself -- in a non-scalable way: the uniqueness of a technology leap. Incorporating 3D in every single movie just because Avatar was a huge hit would have been like shooting only sinking ships after Titanic. Scraping from a central server has two problems: 1) you have to pay for it 2) you can be blocked by the content providers Would it be possible to leverage your end users instead? While your users read articles in your app, the app probably does little; couldn't it use that (mostly idle) time to scrape other articles, and send back to your central server the scraped/cleaned content? Then all the server does is store and serve. (Of course you'd have to warn users and check for the type of connection (only do this when the user is on wifi?) but it would be quite legitimate for your app to download content that has actually been requested by the user). It's also very expensive. Basic Nokia phones that don't do much more than calls and SMS and that are very simple to operate and very sturdy, can be found (new) for around EUR 20. > I know the teams that support users and advertisers work really hard to scale If the examples given in the original article are true, esp. the fact that when one copies an ad to a different category, without changing anything, the copied ad has to be manually approved again, then it doesn't look like scaling is a concern. But I think part of the problem is that ad-copy approval is a "ACB": ass-covering business. Kind of like the TSA. If something gets through, you need to be able to show that you did anything you could to prevent it, and it's really not your fault. ACBs don't care for efficiency: what they want is documentation. The difference is the risk. If you steal (or "forget" to scan) a pack of noodles then the grocery store loses maybe one dollar. If an inappropriate ad gets through it could (potentially) lead to a major PR disaster for Google. Whereas you being unhappy with the product or the process really makes no difference to Google, since they are the only game in town. (For the record I'm really not "defending" them; I just try to understand their incentives). Same experience here. Nokia phones (esp. basic ones -- the less buttons the better) are virtually indestructible. Very interesting -- but there is more information in the original blog post: http://blog.filmaster.com/filmaster-unveils-movie-recommenda... How rich is their catalog, though? They apparently exist only since 2008; search does not seem to work very well and is very slow. As an example, this movie: http://filmaster.com/film/criminal/ http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0362526/ on IMDB which is a kind of B-movie but great (and I believe sort of well-known), has "no description yet"... Is anyone using filmaster.com that could comment? Looks like Microsoft is "innovating" again... > When the experiment was ready, about 20 Google engineers were told to run the test queries from laptops at home An interesting side-effect is that Bing has in its logs the home IPs of the Googlers involved in this research (i.e., anyone who searched for "hiybbprqag" in Dec. '10). > If it were just click data, how would they get the terms? Exactly. It's not "click data" at all. It is monitoring user behavior on search engines , using both the clicks and the queries . Maybe it's not monitoring just Google as a search engine (although we have no proof of that yet: it seems it's just watching Google) but given Google's market share in search it doesn't make much difference. From the article: > I don’t even work in search and I could spot the real situation This sentence is at the same time arrogant and funny. He doesn't work in search, but he's certain he's spotted "the real situation". How did he fact check it, besides asking himself if he was correct and answering "yes, obviously I'm right. I'm always right -- and I don't even know anything! I amaze myself." > where's the evidence that it's exclusively search engines they're monitoring? Let alone exclusively Google? There has been no evidence yet presented The evidence that has been presented by Google does show that MS is monitoring Google's search results, or at the very least users' behavior when using Google. I agree that there's no evidence that Google is the only search engine that's being monitored, but it makes little difference since for all practical purposes Google == search. There's also no evidence that MS monitors other websites / behavior other than just search engines, but it's unclear how that would work? You can't just associate two websites because some users go from one to the other (correlation vs. causation, etc.) - - - At this point we're still in the "he said / she said" phase, but Google has more evidence and MS is coming out as incredibly defensive (e.g., raising an inquiry from the European Commission[1]: what does that have to do with anything!!?!) [1] http://twitter.com/fxshaw/status/32519996852674560# It's a little late for me to elaborate but here's what I meant: Microsoft has a long history of copying its competitors and calling it "innovation". Absent any other evidence, that tends to put the burden of proof on them. > no one is typing a url by hand. We use google I type urls by hand and do CTRL+Return to add the .com and get there. But even if everyone is using Google, a unique name like "roollr" will certainly be easier to find than "roller" that will exist in many tlds. How will your users remember that you're the .at one, and that .com or .it have nothing to do with you? It's so much easier for everyone to use a .com (BTW I don't know if you chose roller as a generic example, but roller.com is apparently for sale at sedo). What does "per computer" mean? I have some file servers in my home (readynas and nslu2): how would I use Blackblaze to back them up? Thanks for this answer! (Indeed it would have been too good to be true). BTW I just installed Tarsnap on the ReadyNAS NV+, it works! It's really slow because the CPU on the NV+ is quite lame, but for simple text files it's fantastic and creates peace of mind. I don't know about iPad and IE6 but what I know is that this site (millermedeiros.com) does not react properly to zoom (CTRL++): the page widens but the font size does not change!! It's therefore incredibly annoying to read from a distance. It's been that for quite a while; my brother in law was living in Canada last year, and in order to watch soccer games that could only be found on French Canal+ he tuned in to Justin TV... > But the failure to launch has serious consequences for society—as Egypt's Mubarak and Tunisia's overthrown President, Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, discovered. Mmm, what? Don't make it sound like overturning dictators is a bad thing, dude. Maybe it's much better for "society" to have unemployed young people with not only the courage to fight for freedom but also nothing better to do with their time, than to have people with jobs who tolerate authoritarianism. I worked for Accenture (then Andersen Consulting) in Paris in 1995 when a new team of Englishmen were brought in from London to "turn the French practice around". Their theme? "Burning platform". The exact same story that opens the memo was their story too. Maybe this Mr Elop is really an original thinker that will do great things; but the "burning platform" analogy is the most tired image EVER. Oh, and did it work in Paris in 1995? Not really. It was not an absolute disaster, but in the end (two years later) the British threw the towel and went home, and the French partners who were there before stayed on (are still there to this day). I didn't hear it "once"; it was a central theme of the transformation story; there were posters everywhere, email campaigns, leaflets, etc. all based on the "burning platform" standard playbook. The reality is that the "burning platform" metaphor is a classic story repeated ad nauseam in business schools and business books; see this for example (from 2005): The term “burning platform” is a mainstay in business lexicon for many years. For those not familiar with its origin, the story goes something like this: A man working on an oil platform in the North Sea awakened suddenly one night by an explosion. Amidst the chaos, he made his way to the edge of the platform. As a plume of fire billowed behind him, he decided to jump from the burning platform even though jumping is a risky option for the following reasons: It was a 150-foot drop from the platform to the water. There is debris and burning oil on the surface of the water. If the jump into the 40°F water did not kill him, he would die of exposure within 15 minutes. Luckily, the man survived the jump and hauled aboard a rescue boat shortly thereafter. When asked why he jumped, he replied, “Better probable death than certain death.” The point is the literally “burning” platform caused the radical change in his behavior. http://www.imakenews.com/cppa/e_article000368179.cfm (Please read the rest of this article to know how the story should be used in a business context; it really seems to describe the email, and it's prophetic since it was written six years ago). Where do you think Mr. Elop heard this story in the first time? What's more likely, that he met an actual burning platform survivor, or that he read about this very common story in a business book? > I don't even find the story that compelling Me neither. I think it's a rather weak analogy: shouldn't you first try to put out the fire? And if you're running away, jumping to a probable death to escape a certain death, how is that good or inspiring? But the worst about this story is that you have to tell it. I've never been on an offshore platform, much less a burning one, but I'm guessing if it were on fire I would notice . I wouldn't need to have the boss come behind me and pat me on the back saying: "hey, listen, I think we're on a burning platform, here's a list of reasons why". But when it's used in a business context, it has to be backed up by evidence , which means either that the platform is not really burning, or that it's a matter of interpretation. How long does it last? I assume the prints "grow back", but what time does it take? A site that would help one make new friends would be very interesting. Right now (AFAIK) there are only two kinds of sites: those where you interact with your existing friends (Facebook) and those that help you find dates (OkCupid, Match.com, etc.) But what about a site that would let you make NEW friends (but "just" friends)? Would that be awkward? Online dating used to seem a lot awkward and is now kind of mainstream. Meeting new friends is incredibly difficult; one ends up seeing the people they met in school or at work, and that's it. Or maybe such a thing already exists? Or it's kind of available through Facebook...? This post is so true and so sad. > most of Nokia's brand loyalty is because of the indestructible and unbelievably reliable phones they made in the 90's, since then they've been steadily dropping on that front Nokia phones are still the most reliable and solid, by far... for now. I don't buy phones everyday, so maybe the most recent models are weaker, but I have a Nokia from 2009, and so does my wife. Our kids have taken them to the most incredible abuse imaginable and they're still working fine. I had Sony phones, Samsung phones, all very fragile and sensitive to dust, water, being stepped upon, etc. We don't have iPhones but we have iPads (which are a different beast altogether, of course)... the fist iPad to enter our home lasted exactly one day (it doesn't like being dropped from a table -- even a low table). I think what the author means is that g is a statistical necessity, and that being such, doesn't imply that it's an actual reality. What you seem to be saying is that, in any case, g is a useful proxy for a reality that is difficult to know in detail. This doesn't contradict the author's thesis. The question remains, does g exist beyond arithmetics, is there such a thing as "general intelligence". Maybe it's a useless question, in that we don't need to know whether g "exists": we only need to know that it works. But there is a big difference between intelligence and thermodynamics: policies are implemented that impact the lives of millions of people based on an understanding of g that may be completely false. If g is only a statistical artifact and nothing more, then it's still useful for statisticians, but for policy makers, the underlying factors need to be identified and understood. Reading the original article further I understand more of what the author meant -- and I agree with him more. What he means by "statistical myth", I think, is that you can throw any number of measurements into a big bag, even weakly correlated, and you'll always be able to find a general macro-factor that is correlated with all of them and therefore seems to "describe the bag" pretty well... even if the bag itself is absolutely meaningless. For example, one could throw into the bag height, sexiness, feet length, and BMI, which are all somewhat correlated with one another and with "IQ". There is a macro factor describing such a bag; but would you call it "general intelligence"? The fact that we talk about g is because we consider a priori that there actually is such a thing as "general intelligence" and that we are measuring elements of it. Maybe we are, maybe we're not; correlations alone tell us nothing about it. The analogy with physics, be it temperature or pressure or what have you, is in my opinion quite flawed, because in the case of those entities we know that the elementary events / forces are linked by way of causality with the macro factor, and we know that for reasons other than mere correlation . In the case of g, on the contrary, the only link between the different elements is the correlation itself . And it gets worse: to be included as a relevant IQ test, a new test has to be correlated with g. To quote from the article: " By this point, I'd guess it's impossible for something to become accepted as an "intelligence test" if it doesn't correlate well with the Weschler and its kin, no matter how much intelligence, in the ordinary sense, it requires. (...) This is circular and self-confirming, and the real surprise is that it doesn't work better. " So g is at the same time what we're looking for and what we're building upon, having decided it's there already. This looks much more like religion than science. It's funny that someone who just sold out to AOL would choose to trash Demand Media. > If Google was good at search, Demand Media wouldn’t exist. Would Associated Content? Would AOL? - - - This is a cheap article that plays with words; it's titled "search still sucks", which is debatable but "truish", but what it really tries to say is that search "sucks more and more", which is provably false. And it's 100% evidence free, too, as is the rule in the new entertaining noisosphere of blogism. > So what is the evidence that search still sucks? Well, you know it’s true, just like me. Mr. Arrington sounds like a priest now; what's the evidence that God exists? Well, you know it's true, don't you? -- Well, no, I don't. What else do you have? -- Err, nothing. It seems the notability requirements really serve Wikipedia's own notability. It can't say "we'll take our list of topics from Encyclopedia Britannica" but it's what it would like to do. In the beginnings it actually made sense, too, since it would never have took off if every page was about Joe Schmo's cat. But now that Wikipedia is probably more famous and more well known than any other "real world" encyclopedia, such "respectability hacks" are unneeded and should be repelled. But isn't the solution to simply make a mobile webapp instead of an app? It's not technically always feasible, but most of the time it is. Paris (France) is listed in the available cities, but there are no results...? (Why list it then?) But aren't bubbles and pyramid schemes the same thing? The article should really define bubbles if it wants to argue they're different from pyramid schemes. Ok, but both rest on the "greater fool" theory... The question is not whether we're re-living the exact same bubble as in the 90s; the question is: is this A bubble? The smooth-talkers of today can code: that's great! But maybe it just helps them sell the kool-aid...? Twitter is apparently doubling in value every few months, although it has yet to figure out a business model: does this sound reasonable? Oh, ok, but why did you include "Nantes"? It's unlikely Nantes was already there and it just happened that a designer found it? I don't see why there couldn't be a different list for signup and for search; or the ability to add cities during signup... Me too. I'm on XP SP3 with Chrome 10.0.648.119 beta. But why isn't jQuery 1.5 mentionned? See this: http://www.erichynds.com/jquery/using-deferreds-in-jquery/ What about the story ? As already stated in the comments, Angry Birds is almost identical to "Crush the Castle", another game, of which Flash versions were quite successful but mobile versions weren't. (It involves destroying castles with a trebuchet -- play it here: http://armorgames.com/play/3614/crush-the-castle ). It would have made for a more interesting article to compare Angry Birds and Crush the Castle (CTC) to identify differences between the two; as it is the article lists six attributes of success for Angry Birds: 1. simple yet engaging interaction concept 2. cleverly managed response time 3. short-term memory management 4. mystery 5. how things sound 6. how things look Every one of those qualities is present in CTC, sometimes differently (different sound, different look) but most of the time EXACTLY in the same way (the first three items). The main originality of Angry Birds is that projectiles are not inanimate objects but living (thinking) creatures, and the pigs (the victims) are stupid/despicable. In CTC the projectiles are bullets and the victims are soldiers: the goal is to crush the castle but not really to kill the soldiers; the player doesn't care about them (and she certainly doesn't care about the projectiles). It's mostly an engineering project. In Angry Birds the goal is more to kill the pigs than to crush their houses, and the player identifies with the birds. I would argue this (the story) is a key element to user engagement. > The right is to free speech, not to anonymity. This statement is demonstrably false. Anonymous communications have an important place in our political and social discourse. The Supreme Court has ruled repeatedly that the right to anonymous free speech is protected by the First Amendment. A much-cited 1995 Supreme Court ruling in McIntyre v. Ohio Elections Commission reads: Protections for anonymous speech are vital to democratic discourse. Allowing dissenters to shield their identities frees them to express critical, minority views . . . Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority. . . . It thus exemplifies the purpose behind the Bill of Rights, and of the First Amendment in particular: to protect unpopular individuals from retaliation . . . at the hand of an intolerant society. The tradition of anonymous speech is older than the United States. Founders Alexander Hamilton, James Madison, and John Jay wrote the Federalist Papers under the pseudonym "Publius," and "the Federal Farmer" spoke up in rebuttal. The US Supreme Court has repeatedly recognized rights to speak anonymously derived from the First Amendment. http://www.eff.org/issues/anonymity > Killing the people is the victory condition True, but do you really want to kill those people? They don't even behave like people -- more like "statues that bleed". > A huge difference is the controls. In CTC you aim by timing the release during the swing of the trebuchet. This is tricky I'm not so sure. I find operating the trebuchet more intuitive / simple than pulling the sling in the right direction with the right amount of force to send the birds in the air. BTW, birds fly; they don't need a sling to be airborne... Those "angry birds" are in fact chickens. Chickens vs. pigs: a simple farm image that speaks to everyone and draws on childhood memories? Excellent advice. But from the description of the OP I doubt this will ever go anywhere. Is this a company or an individual? If it's an individual I would suggest to run. If it's a company then maybe there's a little more hope...? > a lot of the raisons d’état of publishers goes away It's raisons d'être ! Don't try to appear sophisticated if you're not. Amazon in France pays sales tax, just like everybody. Sales tax in France is 20% (19,6% to be precise). Is that a problem for Amazon in France? It doesn't seem so. I can't find a justification why online retailers should be exempt from sales tax; the reason invoked by Amazon US is that sales tax are a local tax, at the state level, and they happen to be located in a different state (they're always in a different state). This reasoning is preposterous; the sales happens where the customer is, and that's where the tax is due. That's what will happen eventually; they are just buying time -- and not very elegantly. Raison d'état and raison d'être both exist; they just don't mean the same thing (at all), and what the author meant was raison d'être. Also: 1. raisons is plural, so they GO away and not GOES (except if you consider that the subject is "a lot", which may be grammatically correct but not semantically?) 2. raisons d'état can't "go away" because they were never there; they are invoked as a (feeble) justification by the perpetrator of the action (they are kind of a lie). Why don't they fight in court then? Cutting their affiliates lose looks really low; they should stand for them instead. The vendor never has to "pay" any sales tax: they collect it (my initial wording was wrong). It's the buyer who has to pay sales tax. Being French, if I buy anything anywhere in the world, I owe the French government 20% of the amount of that purchase; if I'm able to hide my purchase in my suitcase, then I'm evading taxes, but I'm certainly never exempt. The crux of the matter is whether Amazon is an "out of state seller": is it? When an Illinois resident buys something from Amazon from the comfort of their own home in Illinois, they are not importing something from another state. Amazon contends they are, though; they may have a case but I very much believe they will lose in the end. The vendor collects the sales tax from the customer, and then (a month later) reports it to the government and pays the government back; but the only sales taxes that a vendor owes are the ones it has collected (or, in case of a dispute with the govt, the ones it is assumed to have collected). If for example a customer buys but does not pay, then the sales tax associated with that purchase is not owed. > I don't think users actually do this anyway. Ordinary users may not do this (yet?); but I develop webapps for companies (to be used internally) where we have users add the app to the home screen (or we do it for them). Once this is done, they don't know the difference between a native app and our webapp. For non-technical users it would be quite complex to launch Safari and select a bookmark to operate an "application". > The latest Chrome Dev Channel release comes with a new Chrome logo that's more plain and boring [...] Chrome lost some of its magic by switching to a visual identity that's no longer vibrant and picturesque Wow. My thoughts exactly when seeing the new logo, but I'm surprised Google would put it this way! > An unofficial blog... Ah, that makes sense. > I guess it's very subjective Yes it is ;-) There was a post on HN some time ago showing how old logos were in many cases so much better than new ones, and Pepsi was amongst them. But, Google being Google, maybe they tested it? The problem with tests, I think, is that it favors bland versions because they upset the least; this new logo kind of smells of "design by committee", no? How much simpler it would be for Apple to simply follow the law instead of trying to devise its own set of rules... Is the content legal? Then it's available on the app store. Is it illegal? Then it's not. Does it offend some group or the other? It doesn't matter. Does it cause displeasure to a bunch of lawmakers? Tough luck. But when Apple starts to pull apps that offend minorities, it has to take all those requests into consideration, and produce justification as to why it pulls this and allows that. Well it’s a sad day for all of us here in Cupertino. Bertrand Serlet, the friendly cyborg from the future who has lived among us and helped guide our software development efforts with such skill, has been recalled back to his home planet. We’ll have a little announcement at town hall this Friday with a cake and ice cream. Bertrand has been instrumental in guiding our OS X development and now that Leopard is out the door Bertrand (real name: Belar) felt this was a good time to heed the call of his people on Gallifrey One, who need him to help fight off some invaders in the future or something. [...] Much love, Bertrand. O traveler of time, you have brought a vision of peace to our galaxy, not to mention a great deal of truly sweet software. For your countless contributions to our company and to our planet, we thank you. From Fake Steeve Jobs, Nov. 2007 http://www.fakesteve.net/2007/11/bertrand-serlet-recalled-to... > Women have money. Go take it. What do they want?!? I could never figure that one out. Very interesting, as always (although old (2004)). But wouldn't it have been more useful to test the capability rather than ask? Once you know the driver's lying ("yes card"), what do you do? How do you find out what it's actually capable of doing? If you have to test then, why not test earlier is my question. My music sits on a ReadyNAS Duo (fantastic value, low power, always on), which runs Debian. It would be very nice if the helper application worked there too. This is a well known tactic, and it works. When discussing a list of points in a meeting, the secret is to have a big controversial question come up first (that you don't actually care about): dealing with this first question eats up time, but what's better, it exhausts everyone. Then all the following points are much easier to sell. > The author states Michael Arrington making increasingly inflammatory posts as a reason why techcrunch will fail. But in my experience such posts tend to draw traffic. The article argues the opposite: Arrington is shouting louder and louder in order to stop the traffic from hemorrhaging. Looks fairly true to me, too. I use node.js for batch processing: it's just fantastic. Instead of ugly bash scripts that are absolutely unreadable and therefore unmaintainable, I get to write beautiful Javascript and lightning fast JSON processing and transformation. This is an area where node.js really shines and that is not often mentioned. As for client-server development, I think the future is going back to the client. Instead of "dumb clients", what we have now are extremely powerful and fast clients. It's much cheaper to send raw data to the client and compute it there, since as a web developer you pay for server CPU, but not for client CPU. (Of course, it's a little wasteful since the computation happens many times instead of one; but you can always send the results back to the server for caching, if that worries you). > What makes node.js "shine" more at batch processing more than every other language on the planet? Because every other language on the planet is not Javascript...? - - - Edit: maybe I should clarify? The only other solution (that I know of) to write Javascript for the server is Helma; I've tried it and it kind of works but it's very clumsy. Is there another simple way to write JS on a Linux box? - - - Edit2: maybe I should not clarify. Jean-Louis Borloo, who at some point in time was rumored to be the next Prime Minister of France, just launched (today) a new political formation, called "Alliance Républicaine, Sociale et Ecologique". It doesn't really mean anything, but it spells: ARSE. It's going to be fun when he shows his business card to British journalists...? If you don't believe it (I couldn't), see: http://www.lecentrisme.com/2011/04/actualites-du-centre-jean... "Upvoted" and "saved" should be two different things; today they are the same. The only stories I want to "save" are those with practical content that I may use later (some new utility or library, for example). Stories I find interesting but that I fear may clutter my "save history" don't get an upvote although they would deserve one. Would it not help to have two separate actions, "save" and "upvote"? (Or did I miss something obvious?) > There are plenty of other cheap VPS providers anyway... Certainly, but what am I supposed to do, hop from provider to provider according to who (blanket-)blocks what...? > you are rather a special case I setup this VPN, following instructions from a blog post from 2009; I'm guessing there are many people who did the same? But if I'm going to die as collateral damage, I don't intend to succumb quietly! ;-) The cost of a micro EC2 per month ( is: - 82 /3 / 12 = 2.27 (fixed monthly cost for a reserved instance) - .007 * 24 * 30 = 5.04 (variable monthly cost) for a total of $7.31, assuming it's running all the time. If it's running only during business hours, the variable monthly cost becomes: - .007 * 8 * 20 = 1.12 But the thing is, even the micro instance does almost NOTHING when used as a VPN endpoint (CPU and memory are flat) so you can use the machine for anything else (hosting, dealing with other VPN clients, etc.) Yes, I understand that, and scrapers certainly are a big pain; but shouldn't SO extend a little more effort to avoid false positives...? This is the kind of post that really should not be TL;DRed, because it's so much fun to read. The story is sad and even infuriating, and not very original either (since all corporate takeovers are done in the same cowardly manner by weasels); but the writing is wonderful. > The transition was going to be arduous and complicated. This was particularly true for the people who write AOL's press releases, who had to work overtime issuing statements with business terms like "restructuring" (which means firing people), "streamlining" (which also means firing people), "re-branding" (which means making people forget all the negative associations they have with AOL and Arianna Huffington), and "synergy" (which doesn't mean anything). > Most notably (and annoying when out in the city), Yelp. Confirmed! (but I don't use Yelp so I wouldn't notice) It was handled in a Monthy Python's way, as per the opening credits of The Holy Grail: > A Møøse once bit my sister ... We apologise for the fault in the subtitles. Those responsible have been sacked. Mynd you, møøse bites Kan be pretty nasti... We apologise again for the fault in the subtitles. Those responsible for sacking the people who have just been sacked have been sacked. Møøse trained by TUTTE HERMSGERVORDENBROTBORDA (...) The directors of the firm hired to continue the credits after the other people had been sacked, wish it to be known that they have just been sacked. The credits have been completed in an entirely different style at great expense and at the last minute. (etc.) - - - It's unwise to fire the firers at the same time as the firees. > Research in Motion's new tablet is a misguided mess. First, a confession: I haven't used the BlackBerry PlayBook yet. (...) Reviewers who have gotten early access to the PlayBook have been almost universally puzzled by how half-baked it is. Oh, thanks for the disclosure. But why don't you just shut up and wait until you have something genuine to say, instead of mulching others' opinions?? > The one and only purpose of a resume is to catch the eye of a reviewer and thus score you an interview. This is extremely true, and yet it's amazing how many people don't know / don't want to hear that. Most people seem to think a resume is "them" put on paper, so it should be so thorough it should list every activity they ever attempted from kindergarten on (except the ones they are now kind of ashamed of, ten years later). Your resume is not you. It's a tease. > Let's do you another favor: Let's further assume you limit yourself to books from the last, say, 250 years. Nothing before 1761. That's the wrong way to go!! Start with Aristotle, rather, and read only books that have stood the test of time. What would be the point of reading every Kindle "space opera" priced at $0.99? If you read all of Plutarch, Shakespeare, Montaigne, and Cervantès, you're fine, really. The authors I mentioned are thoroughly enjoyable, they're not Kant or Hegel... Also, in order to know whether you like something or not you have to experience it. You may not like reading (as opposed to watching movies for example), but if you do enjoy reading you cannot not like Plutarch for example? "he"'s a she: name's Linda. The point I am making is that it doesn't matter "how many books there are", it only matters how many GOOD books there are. I think a way to know which books are good before you've read them, is to rely on the "wisdom of the ages"; you may have a better approach (your friends tastes, Amazon recommendations, whatever) but it doesn't change the fact that most books are not worth reading and one should only strive to read the books that are. This is only partially related, but does anyone know why Google didn't buy Sun instead of Oracle? It had (still has) deep pockets and should have been very interested by Java, OpenOffice and MySql...? What happened? > "you should read authors XXX and YYY, because it is good for the development of your literary taste" I'm not sure "literary taste" matters much (except for certain professions: (English) teachers and writers mainly), but you yourself seem to be quite happy to have developed one: _I have read enough books in my life to be able to distinguish good writers from bad ones_. But I don't agree that the point of reading is to "feel good". There are many ways to "feel good" and if I had to list them, I'm not sure reading would make the top ten — I'm positive it wouldn't make the top five. To me, the point of reading is to learn something: either something about the world or something about human nature. Therefore, a good book is a book that contains _new_, genuine information; and that's why I think that starting with the classics is a good idea. "Classics" are where new information was first created, and that's why they became classics. > You become overwhelmed with the fact that (...) you will never have the time to fill all the holes in your knowledge base or to do all the things you dreamed of doing. In time, though, I came to make peace with this sense of restlessness You are right, and the article is wrong! ;-) The article confuses breadth and depth. What matters is not how many subjects you know a little about, or how many acquaintances you have, or how many shows you attended; what matters is the things you know well because you built them yourself, the one or two friends you can trust with your life, or the artistic emotions that changed you forever. Oh thanks for this, what a great article, I couldn't stop laughing reading it. The "graphs" part is the funniest part (and so true). > 7% of Americans Subscribe to Netflix... I subscribe to Netflix (streaming only, obviously), am not American and not located in America; they do check the IP but not as aggressively as Hulu, so if you use a proxy they don't seem to mind. I wonder how many of us there are? Which brand? Hulu blocks Witopia for example, and all of EC2. > If one person does a job in half the time of another, maybe it can be attributed to their choice of programming languages. If one does it in 1% of the time of another, it’s probably a matter of talent. This has been discussed many times (recently, somebody attributed a significant difference in productivity among programmers to... the ability to touch type). Anyway, why different tools could in principle not be able to generate wildly different productivity outcomes? "If you only have a hammer" can be reversed: if you don't have a hammer , then planting nails becomes incredibly difficult and takes a great amount of time (and ingenuity). A (not too practical-oriented) friend of mine once called me because he had spent an hour and a half trying to screw together a simple Ikea bookshelf (where the documentation said it could be done in less than 10 minutes). Turned out he was trying to screw the big bolts with pliers, and that's really hard. This is not the same meaning of the word "taste". The quote from _why uses "taste[s]" as a substitute for "likes / dislikes" whereas Ira Glass talks about "taste" (singular) as "the ability to appreciate greatness". When the info leaked that Yahoo was thinking about dumping Delicious, I wrote a Chrome Webapp that lets one scrape bookmarks from Delicious, corresponding to lists of tags (any bookmark, not just your own). It's still out there (and still works): https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/nbahmnpelbdcmkpllm... Neat. However on this page http://hobolobo.net/what-is-this-thing it identifies Chrome (version 11.0.696.14) as IE, why? > Microsoft bought Skype to keep Google from buying Skype. Except Google wouldn't buy Skype, according to a recent story: http://edition.cnn.com/2011/TECH/web/05/11/google.skype.wire... ...? How did this happen? What about visas? Tell us more! Am I missing something or is this the exact opposite of what torrenting is supposed to do? Torrents are decentralized so that there is no single bottleneck and no single point of attack. Re-centralizing torrents re-creates the problem torrents were supposed to solve...? Search inside a webpage is broken on all browsers, as it tries to find an exact string match: it's impossible to find a "paragraph", for example, that contains two words that aren't next to one another. (The problem is: what's a paragraph in a webpage? But maybe a paragraph is simply a block element that doesn't itself contain other block elements.) I guess it's good news if it means less movies starring him... Did you see Killers? http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1103153/ I did, and I'm sorry. There was a great piece about Ashton and Demi by Fake Steeve Jobs; here it is: http://www.fakesteve.net/2009/10/i-just-had-weirdest-meeting... That said I'm sure he's a really nice guy and all; but why would startups need celebrities? Having actors endorse your products in ads is one thing; having them hang around in the office is another... Isn't that a little distracting? This was super-interesting; watching PG do his thing lets one get familiar with his way of thinking. What every entrepreneur should do should be to build a "virtual PG" in their head (the way writers pretend to write to one person they actually know, and not in general). Also, there is great potential for a fascinating reality TV show. Instead of watching people eating bugs in Guatemala, how captivating would it be to follow a few startups going from nothing to world domination, their doubts, failures and successes, etc., and see how they're coached and what they learn along the way? I would pay to watch such a show. The problem with Flytivity is that Sonar does everything already, much better. They have solved the chicken-egg problem in a very clever way, by mining the web for info about people you'd like to meet, who are where you are, and who don't necessarily use the service. "Sonar is useful even if no one else is on Sonar". Presentation by Sonar's founder here: http://techcrunch.com/2011/05/25/arrington-sonar-which-took-... (I understand that you're talking about a way to use Flytivity for sex, but you could certainly use Sonar in this way too). > At my recent Ebertfest, one seasoned director called the projection in the 90-year old Virginia Theater in Urbana-Champaign "the best I've ever seen." That's because we use two of the best projectionists in the nation, James Bond, who consults on high-level projection facilities... James Bond? Okay, not every theater can afford to have James Bond in the projection booth... ;-) - - - A serious and interesting information is that for Pirates 4, people apparently chose to see the film in 2D (60% of first week gross) rather than 3D: "Not only is this a clear rejection of 3D on a major movie, but given how distribution is currently designed, it makes you wonder whether Disney cost themselves a lot of gross by putting their film on too high a percentage of 3D screens." (quoted from Gitesh Pandya of BoxOfficeGuru.com) Would it not be possible to have comment points in the page, but not visible, and then have them shown as a personal setting (or maybe only with the help of an extension / greasemonkey script)? This way only people who really want them would have them. Arguments are possible with precise comments scores; why not display a range instead... or a percentile (calculated for each page and not the whole of HN of course)? There could be any number of percentiles but the fewer the better: what we want to know is where the high scores are. So maybe just signaling the top ten comments on each page would be enough... Isn't Google the answer to deletionism? Why should and and all content be stored in a special place called "wikipedia" or some other name, when you can write anything you want about any subject on your blog and have it indexed by a central search engine? Wikipedia offers two things that lone blog posts don't: collaborative editing and "findability" (SEO). Findability should be the problem of search engines; the fact that we need to go to Wikipedia (or IMDB...) to find specific information is a testament to Google's imperfection. If you want to publish "a 10,000 words biography of [your] cat", you should do so on your blog, and that should be easy to find when searching for "hugh3's cat" (but not when searching for "cats", unless you're some modern-day Montaigne who can teach us eternal truths about cats just by speaking about his own). I would even argue that Wikipedia hurts findability to some extent, since it relies on anonymous editing, and reputation builds on identity. Knowing who wrote what is a very useful piece of information (something Quora is addressing). What about collaborative editing? Successful collaborative editing is made of two parts: software and a community. The software problem is largely solved; a working community of people who know and care, is the hard part. But it's also in the process of being solved by what StackExchange is doing: building sites around existing communities. So here's what I think will eventually happen: - human-machine interface / findability engine: Google - clusters of (constantly updated) information: StackExchange sites (and others) - niche content: your blog In this future I'm not sure there's much room for Wikipedia; Wikipedia was built around the idea that there is such a thing as "static" knowledge or "eternal truth". There isn't: knowledge is a process and a conversation. (Wikipedia is in fact a kind of cache for the current state of knowledge, but that problem could probably be solved differently and more efficiently.) Neat idea. My try: Unbelievable! He found on the tired sofa an image with his ex girlfriend, a strange and worn-out pillow, and he cried; he longed for a strange and worn-out pillow with his ex girlfriend on the tired sofa; an image he found unbelievable. It seems wrong to frame the problem as "mathematics vs. cellular automata". The old kind of science (OKS?) is not as much about mathematics as it is about the scientific method of verification by experimentation. If you want to setup a new kind of science, you have to devise a new verification method that is not experimentation-based. If you think you can go without experimentation altogether then it's not science at all (cf. pre-Copernic philosophical ramblings, à la Descartes). It seems what Wolfram does with "NKS" is build new things; it builds those things by "finding them in the computational universe" (a universe that its automata explore). Creating new ringtones is fine, funny and (moderately) interesting, but it's NOT science — not because ringtones are trivial, but because there is no concept of right or wrong in the ringtone universe. You cannot invalidate a melody. Laws of nature expressed in mathematical formulas are verified everyday; if you want to demonstrate that nature is in fact made of cellular automata gone wild, you have to actually recreate nature (or parts of it) and show that it's indistinguishable from the real thing. Although I don't know much about anything and haven't read NKS, I don't see any claims of this sort coming from Mr. Wolfram; I certainly didn't see it mentioned in the article. According to the example, it seems to render PDFs pages as canvas images; wouldn't it be more interesting to render them as HTML...? I'm 42 years old and have yet to meet a vegetarian or anyone who suffers from a real "food allergy" (meaning someone who would get actually sick by eating something that most other people find edible). Therefore this idea seems very "American" to me -- which doesn't make it bad, just local. Fish not knowing they're in water, etc. Of course some people have preferences, but if you're just looking after some kind of food vs. another, the name of the dish, or the name of the restaurant, will tell you enough...? I'm not saying food allergies don't exist; I'm not even saying they don't exist where I live (Paris). But I am saying that where I live they're uncommon enough that nobody ever talks about it. My daughter is going to school next year for the first time; on the form (which I filled this morning) the question is in fact asked: does your child suffer from food allergies? But while the rest of the form is typed, this question has been added by hand at the very end of the form... Great idea, thanks! Reading the invite too fast I thought it was today (Jun. 21st)...! But it's not and that's cool;-) > owning decent cookware and some living room furniture adds a lot to my life Yes. The debate between "having things" and "not having things" seems wrong-headed and the OP sounds a bit like a thing-vegan. "I gave up things and now I'm sooo much healthier". Things are tools. You should own things in order to do something with them, not because merely having them makes you happy (or because not having them makes you look cool (you think)). Also, you find that good tools are often old tools, because you know them well; since you know their flaws they slow you much less than having to learn the workings of a shiny new version. (Joel Spolsky talks about this somewhere when he says he's still using Corel Draw). My motorbike is 14 years old. I'd find it hard to live without a motorbike, but I certainly don't need to buy a new one when the current one is still running. YES. I don't mind "taking the blame". I much prefer taking the blame, recognize what I did wrong, and be able to do something about it (even if it's hard, or even if I sometimes make the same mistake more than once) than throwing my arms up in the air thinking it's someone else's fault and out of my control. Control is good. Control makes you happy. HN HideIt: a Chrome extension to hide stories and collapse comments I built a while ago https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dibillbafbngeiloeh... The last version (uploaded today) moves the search box in the top right corner (can be disabled in options). Thanks. (There was a bug in the last version, it's corrected now.) Everybody hates PowerPoint, and every version is worse than the previous one. For example, n PPT 97 you could adjust shapes but in '2000 and later versions they line up "automatically", meaning that when you move one it gets off the grid and it's subsequently impossible to realign it by hand. But there is a good competitor to PowerPoint in MS Office: Visio. Visio is a great, powerful, professional piece of software, feature-rich and not that hard to learn. According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Visio Visio first shipped in 1992; but it doesn't say if there ever was a Mac version. Was there? Although I'm currently self-employed (and therefore neither trying to recruit or be recruited) I have dealt with recruiters before, both as a client and as a candidate. I don't think recruiters are hated by their clients; they offer a service: an expensive service that they usually don't do very well, but they're willing to work hard, they can be called at any time, filter as many hundreds or thousands of CVs as needed, so it's not all bad. The hate, I think, comes from the candidates. The reason is because recruiters treat candidates as meat, and it shows. It's not just a problem of domain expertise, it's a problem of human compassion. I read a study a while ago that showed that people don't sue incompetent doctors more than others, even when faced with complications; they sue doctors who they think don't care about them. Recruiters don't need PhDs, they need to be perceived as caring (and the most straight way to acheive that is to actually care). > If I pick up the phone to speak to a candidate almost all will take my call and answer my questions Well, yes, candidates don't have much to lose by talking to a recruiter, and the potential reward is high; for a prospective client the potential reward to talk to yet another recruiter is low / nonexistent, since they're probably already in business with one, and one is enough? But that doesn't mean candidates like recruiters more than clients do; they have different incentives. (What you're trying to do is great, BTW). > In the first step of Delft University's new technical approach, the human waste will be dried. Then the waste will be gasified using plasma, which is created by microwaves in tailor-made equipment. (etc) Really? The brother of my grandfather lived on a farm for all of his life; there was never any kind of toilets on the farm. While there always was access to clean water from a well (which may not be the case in the poorer parts of the world), running water was installed inside the "house" only in the early sixties. "House" is between quotes because it looked more like "the part of the stable to be used by humans". We used to go there often during the summer. We did our business behind the house, like everyone. We loved everything there. And what about health? My grandfather's brother died past 80; when he died his wife moved to the "city" where she lived to see her 94th birthday. They would've had a hard time believing people would ever want to gasify their poo with "plasma created by microwaves". In fact, so do I. > Do you think doing your business behind a house scales to 58,000 per square mile? I don't know, but I wouldn't answer "of course not" right away, as you seem to assume. How do these people currently cope? My point was not that everyone should do as my grandfather's brother, twenty years ago. I'm just wondering why we suddenly need so much technology to solve a problem that's always been with us and that didn't use to be so terrifying. I'm wondering if we're afraid of "human waste" a little more than we should? I'm wondering if maybe there are simpler solutions that would scale a lot more, be a lot cheaper and a lot less disruptive than getting everyone to defecate in a microwave oven. (How do you build the devices? How do you get them to the people who will be using them? How do you make people use them? How to you maintain them? How do you replace them when they're broken? What do you do with the broken ones...?) I read a story some time ago (on HN maybe?) about how very simple advice had tremendous effects on people's health. Telling people to wash both hands after going to the bathroom, for instance, instead of just the one they use to clean themselves, yielded incredible results. I may be wrong, but this project, as described in the original article, doesn't sound right. Effect of Intensive Handwashing Promotion on Childhood Diarrhea in High-Risk Communities in Pakistan Results: Children younger than 15 years living in households that received handwashing promotion and plain soap had a 53% lower incidence of diarrhea (95% confidence interval [CI], –65% to –41%) compared with children living in control neighborhoods. Infants living in households that received handwashing promotion and plain soap had 39% fewer days with diarrhea (95% CI, –61% to –16%) vs infants living in control neighborhoods. Severely malnourished children (weight for age z score, http://jama.ama-assn.org/content/291/21/2547.full Same here. I'd be more than willing to use the service as a customer, but as a host? Never. If you're a customer the worst of the worst than can happen is you lose the rental fee and have to find a hotel. As a host, the worst that can happen is this. This is great. Is the size of the image adjustable? I'm developing an online text editor and this would be a great tool to display some kind of "page preview". > ...a case study demonstrating that people are fundamentally good > Private messaging that lets users learn about each other prior to booking, without revealing private information The reason why Airbnb doesn't let people "reveal private information" prior to booking / paying is so they won't circumvent their system and exchange money without paying Airbnb's fees. So in fact Airbnb isn't so trusting of people's "fundamental" goodness and honesty; the matter of fact is that Airbnb assumes every single one of its users is a potential cheater . Instead of the marketspeak / ass-protecting / legalese response we've witnessed so far from Airbnb about this incident, an interesting experiment would be to lift this restriction and let people exchange personal information from the very beginning: how many would actually try to game the system? > And for those who have so generously suggested a donation fund be set up to help me recover, I thank you from the bottom of my heart, and suggest that instead, you keep the money and use it to book yourself into a nice, safe hotel room the next time you travel. Will do. As they say, there's no such thing as bad publicity . Many more people who have never heard of Airbnb, who can't imagine such a concept possible, will now know it exists. > Trying to “buy my silence” would raise my hackles Same here; if I were in such a predicament I don't think there's any amount that would justify signing a NDA. I'm wondering if this is what happened? As the story stands, one side is clearly not telling the truth, or withholding a part of it. What could have happened could have been, Airbnb offered compensation + NDA, victim said she wouldn't sign it. Back and forth a few times, and in the end she went ahead with her blog post. Seeing this, Airbnb stopped all communications. If this is actually what happened, they should have offered compensation anyway, no strings attached. It'll be very interesting to know the real details; I don't understand how they could let this blow out of proportion like this. > this same duality can also be seen in other languages like French This is incorrect. We eat and ride du cheval (horse), cajole and eat agneaux (lambs), chase and eat poulets (chicken), smile at, and eat, lapins (rabbits), to say nothing of escargots (snails) or grenouilles (frogs), and all kinds of fish, and sea food. In "farmers' markets" everywhere in France (we just call them "markets") whole animals can be found, with just the skin removed but with the head still attached. It would be weird to call a dead animal that is still very much recognizable, a different name than the live one. Thanks for the link. There is no "save" button on the younoodle registration form: do you happen to know if the form can be submitted several times or just once? (The form says "Please only click Submit once" but is this just to avoid double "first submissions" or does it actually mean the form can never be re-submitted for the same applicant?) Link to the form (EMEA): https://e.younoodle.com/c/aws_2011/er/aws_emea/submit?lang=a... > A study shows that when leaders are randomly chosen, group performance actually improves Interesting, if true. Where can one find this study? The word "invention" is ambiguous. I invent what I don't know, therefore, the less I know, the more I invent. Incompetence is the mother of invention. IMHO, creativity is a better word: creativity builds on previous knowledge. (I'd like to expand on this but after many rewrites of this comment I can't phrase properly what I want to say so I'll just leave it at that.) The limit is found pretty soon on older machines; while the OP tests on a Mac with 8GB of Ram, on my main machine I have only 2GB of Ram, and Chrome becomes unresponsive after ~10 tabs opened. I didn't think Firefox would be better but if it is, I might go back to it! Ok, but I don't think typing is the point. What if we could just say it? Isn't it much more intuitive to say to the computer "play 10 random country" than enunciate a succession of commands / menu items? We now take all of those menu items for granted, but really, does it make any sense to have to do "File / Open" to play a song or continue to write something we started working on earlier? In the real world the only things I ever open are books; I would open folders if I still had any, but I certainly never open any "file" (whatever that is). We open things that contain other things that we're interested in, at a conceptual level. A file does not contain anything (bits? characters? sentences?) -- it is the thing itself. And "save"? Why does this have to be?? In the real world if I leave a paper on my desk I expect to find it in the exact same place and state the next day; but on the computer if I don't save it I lose it. And I need to give it a name, too! All of this is crazy (one way to see how crazy it is, is to try to teach it to old people). I think iCloud is starting to address all of this. It's about time. But new interfaces and ways to interact with the computer shouldn't be dismissed right away. This guy could be onto something. > I loath the whole experience Because it doesn't really work. But what if it did? In the foreword to a book called "In search of stupidity", Joel Spolsky makes the case that the success of Microsoft owes much to the fact that each of their competitors did a lot of stupid shit while M$, mostly, didn't. The article is a bit dated today, but I think he's still got a point: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Stupidity.html For every other software company that once had market leadership and saw it go down the drain, you can point to one or two giant blunders that steered the boat into an iceberg. Micropro fiddled around rewriting the printer architecture instead of upgrading their flagship product, WordStar. Lotus wasted a year and a half shoehorning 123 to run on 640KB machines; by the time they were done Excel was shipping and 640KB machines were a dim memory. THANK YOU HN!!! I couldn't connect to my machine and couldn't understand what was going on... good thing I turn to HN as soon as I get online... You'd think AWS could afford to send emails to keep us customers up to date with the problem? > Any time your servers are not available but you don't notice Can't happen. My servers are monitored by external services that (to the best of my knowledge) don't use AWS. It's best to play the open card in any case. > Such vision to success proportionality is not so common, I think I'm not sure of what you mean, but I would argue that vision is everything, and that vision well executed has to bring success. When we say that execution is hard, we really mean that execution that implements a vision is hard. Execution without vision is really easy (it's entropy). Vision is harder, because it's not just an idea (a wish), but a deep insight into the future and how to get there . Those pictures of young YC remind me of Burano — an island next to Venice that stayed in a kind of "pristine" state: Venice before Venice. There are two different angles in this story: Google is "elitist" and Amazon empowers its users much more than Google. The elitist part is, I think, irrelevant, difficult to prove and ambiguous. " Google has invented something very cool, but they won’t show it to you unless they think you are among the world’s elite engineers. " Would it be better if Google was only willing to show the best of its technology only to beer buddies of the janitor? Then it wouldn't be "elitist" (maybe) but it still would be pointless. The problem here is that Google's blog post does not discuss how "petasorts" benefit Google's users; an engineering feat, certainly, but why should we care? This sounds a little like Microsoft R&D of which very little ever came out (at least in proportion to the hundreds of billions poured into it). In contrast, what Amazon does is always, always geared toward its users / customers. The thing is, Amazon HAS customers, and serves them well (they answer to email, even pick up the phone). I don't think Google thinks about their users as customers. Yes, for most of Google's products, the customer is the advertiser and the user is the product . Most, but not all, though. For example, AdWords is also (mostly?) targeted at small businesses, who are therefore customers but who are, for all practical purposes, considered users, and treated as such. That's the problem, IMHO. Of the things you mention, the only successful one is the Kinect, and it doesn't come from MSR: it was an Israeli company that Microsoft bought after they were turned down by Apple. Speaking of which, do you remember that about the same time that the Ipad came out (or just before then), Microsoft was demonstrating a touch surface for coffee tables? > The power of sports metaphors If you understand the games it's about. I have no idea what the rules of baseball are, how you win, how you lose, etc. (I'm French) and found the whole baseball paragraph hard to understand. In the end it seems to mean that you can lose trying, or lose not even trying -- but if one's not trying why are they even in the field? IMHO such posts should be more informative: what was the original plan to make money, what was tried, what failed and why; who were supposed to be the paying customers: users, carriers, phone makers, app developers or...? And what were the operating costs? Wouldn't it have been possible to keep it running "on the side"? As such it's a sad story that makes us sad; but we'd like to learn more. Who pays for the MMS you send back? You or the recipient? (Or is it free?) Interesting; it did show me some airports and airlines I had never heard of, and I might check them out! You definitely should pick it up again! --- For some reason "Airlinair" which is a French regional airline, redirects to "Airkenya" which is apparently the national airline of Kenya. > Impeccable design is worth it The site's design is indeed impeccable; did you do it yourself or did you use a service provider of some kind? The image illustrating the "Senior Web Developer" job is a screen shot of an HTML image map (with uppercase tags, for good measure); I haven't seen many of those since 1995...? > 2. The disinclusion of search terms. This happened all the time pre-google, and now it's happening at google with every query. You have to affix a plus sign on every term if you want it actually searched. Not only that, but Google now casually replaces word in the query. I was searching this morning for something specific with the word "append", and Google apparently thinks "add" matches "append". This is infuriating and keeps getting worse. How do Google not know that this is the exact behavior that killed the likes of Altavista and allowed them Google to exist in the first place? Why are they doing this? > And if you need to prepend a + to query terms, that means for the given query terms, the missing word is rarely occurring and the overall ranking is low Isn't that the point of searching : find a specific thing in a whole bag of other things? I don't use Google to find the Yahoo homepage (I know many people actually do; should we help them???) If you were right, Altavista would have prevailed and Google would not have emerged; the way Altavista worked was, they linked the words in a query with the "OR" operator, so that any query produced at least some results, however irrelevant. If you were right, Google would have done this from the start; why are they doing it now? (Could it be because focus groups are taking over?) Besides, what I'm complaining about is different from automatic spell correction; when you mistype a query Google automatically searches for (what it thinks are) the correctly spelled words, but it tells you about it and let you search for your original query with just one click. Having "add" match "append" is done silently, without any visible option to disable it. And if you have many words that you need to prefix with + it gets crazy; in theory there's the "allintext:" parameter, but if you use it often you get flagged as a bot and can't search at all. I think I'd pay to have access to a "Google Pro" service where all these tricks would be disabled; no Instant, no fuzzy search, no nothing. Like 2001 Google. > I would like to suggest a profile switch that reads 'hands off my search terms'. Of course you'd need to be logged in Oh yes please. A checkbox would be fine, too (you can disable Instant without logging in, why not this?) Search engine internals are really not my point here (I build Lucene-based search engines for a living). My point is about user experience and user expectations. I expect a search engine to find documents that contain the words I'm searching for, not other words it thinks are equivalent, or some other document that has a better "ranking". Ranking is sorting the pages that actually contain words in the query , not in abstracto. Ranking is about relevance, not popularity; popularity is but one piece of information when calculating relevance. > The missing terms are falling out of the front page due to low rank In the example I gave, a word is replaced by another word, not just ignored; one can tell because the replaced word is highlighted in the search results, as if it was the one I was looking for. > Focus group doesn't decide how algorithmic search works Focus groups can help decide if a feature is or isn't worth it. Some user feedback is useful; relying too much on user feedback and losing sight of the original mission of the company is dangerous. (Remember "Organize the world's information" and all that?) - - - It's likely there are solid and sane reasons why Google is doing this (and of course they're free to do as they want -- since we don't pay for their services who are we to complain); what I don't get is why these "features" cannot be turned off (as can Instant). When was this reached? I setup an account a few hours ago and have to wonder if I am the millionth user?? ;-) What it does: - preview in context: the paragraph being edited is kept into view - converter: converts HTML or rich text TO Markdown, to import legacy content - document manager / library: stores documents and versions Everything works locally, no login necessary, and no round trip to the server for save or download (documents are saved to the server as a backup, but it will be possible to turn this off). Browser support: - tested successfully in most recent versions of Firefox, Chrome and Safari - actually works in IE8 too, but the UI is broken because of CSS misunderstandings (this will be fixed) - Opera almost works but the download function (which uses Downlodify / Flash) doesn't work, and hangs the browser if used. Not sure how to fix this. Immediate next steps: - RTF export (in the works) - offline operation (almost done) I launched last week an online Markdown editor that works in all recent browsers (IE support not perfect yet but will be). It does intelligent preview (the paragraph being edited is kept into view and highlighted), has autosave and a simple document manager that lets you export HTML or markdown (RTF coming soon), and also has a converter, to convert rich text TO markdown (for your legacy content). Check it out! It's called "Akayame" for Yet Another Markdown Editor, at http://akaya.me Using Markdown instead of HTML is much faster, and results in readable source text, whereas source HTML is hard to parse for the naked eye. Indeed, there is a case that seems to match all elements (domain starting with a w). If that case is indeed the right one, the complainants have had a trademark on their mark since 1953, and yet they let the domain be first registered in 2005, and then bought by the current owner in 2011. So, they could either have created the domain before 2005 or buy it between 2005 and 2011, but they chose to go against the current owner in June of this year only. There should be laws against such carelessness. In fact the domain in dispute is a .org, while the company already owns the .com; the .net belongs to a squatter. I think what happened is, the company didn't care about other tlds than the .com; the .org was bought in January of this year by the current owner, legitimately, but, I presume, from a squatter (and that's why he says that buying the domain in the first place was expensive enough). And suddenly the company decides they need other tlds; from their point of view they're all squatters; they're wrong, but their line of reasoning is not absurd. But what is to keep the virtual assistant from playing music in your stead? Doesn't get tired, doesn't get drunk, doesn't ask for money... Thanks for this article! I had a comparable experience last week launching an online Markdown editor: http://akaya.me and nobody noticed, as I blogged about it here: http://blog.medusis.com/all-quiet-on-the-western-front-silen... But I don't think you're right when you say " it's possible that nobody wants what greaterskies offers today. And most of the features that I've been adding for the last week are probably irrelevant. " Well, it's possible , yes, but you don't know that one way or the other. Nothing happened because nobody saw your announcement (or mine); nobody saw it because HN gets hit by a deluge of posts at any time of the day, and luck has a big part in deciding which ones don't sink immediately. (Time of day matters, but time of week matters also; I since noticed that slow days (Sundays esp.) are better for the "Show HN" type of message.) I think what we need are two things: - on the functional side, beta-testers that are dependable (as opposed to casual); maybe that means they're paid, but maybe we can do with "honest friends" - on the marketing side, a story , of which your post is a start (I'm still looking for mine). Don't give up! and please keep us posted. What (some) people want is not a low-priced iPhone on contract , or even free on contract; they want a cheap (i)Phone available sans contract. I want a cheap iPhone available without contract, because: - I don't want a contract - I tend to break things (me or my kids) and want the freedom of being able to buy a new device without asking anyone if they would be so kind as to subsidize it, or having bought "insurance", or having to pay north of $600 for the privilege! So, if 3GS is the device for the lower-end of the market, fine: just sell it at an acceptable price with no contract. I think you're right, but I also think that this strategy is dangerous: as PG used to say (maybe quoting somebody else?), don't let anyone fly under you . If you want to pursue the strategy of the very high end, you have to be innovating all the time, in a very big way, which is not what yesterday's event was about. Or you can count on a core of very loyal customers who will buy your products no matter what, at any price; those people exist but there aren't enough of them to fuel Apple's growth forever. Market segmentation is serving different segments with different products; what you're talking about is market abandonment ;-) It's true that it has served Apple incredibly well recently... but it nearly killed them once. There was a very interesting talk at the business of software conference of 2009 by Geoffrey Moore: http://blog.businessofsoftware.org/2010/03/video-of-geoffrey... that talked about innovation and how you need to out-differentiate to stay on top of the game; the position you never want to be in is to be "best in class" because best in class is for suckers : it consumes enormous amounts of resources for luxury features that customers won't pay for. You want to be out of this world (or good enough). What Apple did to Nokia is they invented a completely new product that was much more than a "phone"; what is happening now is that 1) Android is becoming "good enough" (even Windows phone, according to some pundits) 2) Apple doesn't seem to care about "goodenoughness" 3) but Apple's products are not an order of magnitude better, as they used to be. They are flirting dangerously with best-in-class territory. Given that an iPod touch starts at $199, can it really cost that much more to stick phone parts This. A basic GSM phone costs less than $20; attach it to an iPod Touch and voilà : a cheap iPhone! I've been wondering if this is true for a long time, but couldn't find an educated answer...? finalmarkdown.com isn't available, and it would be a bit pretentious (although the reference to Queen is cool); mercimarkdown.com is funny and since it was available I registered it. I'll see if I do a full redesign with it... Many thanks for your comments (we're pretty OT now and I'm sorry to piggyback on greaterskies story). I'm clearly design-challenged but I don't really know what to do about it (except hiring someone who, unlike me, knows what they're doing; but I don't have the cash). But I did test the footer in many browsers and am surprised to see that it can fall below the fold; I guess I'll test again. What do you mean by "developers can include Akayame in their projects": right now it's just a webapp, the code isn't available and there's no API, so why would you need a licence? (The code would need some serious cleaning before being shown publicly; as for an API I don't think it's applicable, although I'm working on a sister project to transform HTML to clean HTML and/or Markdown, with a public API). chance meetings with people who can help you That's why I so much wanted to come to startup school... I was denied, and apparently there isn't a waiting list..? (or, I was also denied the waiting list). But why not organize another sort of event: a "chance meeting machine" where you would come to some place during a weekend and have many opportunities to meet interesting people. Many different events, maybe all around town. A Startup school without the "class" part, and therefore with a much less strict numerus clausus. The Gates anecdote is really neat (edited for brevity): For our fifth D conference, both Steve and Bill Gates agreed to a joint appearance. But it almost got derailed. Earlier in the day, before Gates arrived, I did a solo onstage interview with Jobs, and asked him what it was like to be a major Windows developer, since Apple’s iTunes program was by then installed on hundreds of millions of Windows PCs. He quipped: “It’s like giving a glass of ice water to someone in Hell.” When Gates later arrived and heard about the comment, he was, naturally, enraged. In a pre-interview meeting, Gates said to Jobs: “So I guess I’m the representative from Hell.” Jobs merely handed Gates a cold bottle of water he was carrying. The tension was broken, and the interview was a triumph. It's very much a coincidence; amongst the "top searches" for "hollande", "la hollande" comes third. "la hollande" is the country Netherlands, and has absolutely nothing to do with the man of the same name. What he says about Chrome doesn't seem to be really true? > And so we wind up with a browser that doesn't let you set the default font size You can set the default font size and zoom size in Chrome (chrome://settings/advanced then "Web Content"). But more to the point, although it's obvious Google Search is trying very hard NOT to be a platform, it would seem Chrome is already a platform. No other browser in history has had a more straightforward way to build extensions -- and, for that matter, apps. Also, Yahoo is not mentioned; Yahoo built many nice platforms (remember Pipes?) and it didn't quite save them. Yes, that's kind of interesting, isn't it? If those horror stories are true (and we have no reason to doubt they are), it kinda shows that the way you treat your employees doesn't really matter to your success. It certainly matters a lot to them; it matters from a moral point of view; but from a practical point of view the only individuals whose happiness matters are the customers. Of course, if your employees are so unhappy that they make your customers' life miserable, you have a problem. But Amazon is still very far from that. I'm wondering if you're from a different species. My elder son is 6 and can't read, draw, or, God forbid, understand "the relationship between files, images, servers and browsers". He's far from stupid; he plays chess, and Angry Birds, and many other games. But this? At 4?? Well, this reminds me a little of Jerry Maguire's "mission statement". The future of our business. Fewer clients. Less money. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDbV2-tZgbg ... more platforms. If there are two people they can throw the ball at each other and not be directly in the center of the picture. Or, maybe you can throw the ball in front of you even if nobody catches it: it looks pretty robust. > In fact, we already use this to spot enemy agents. They will react in odd ways to things that we think of as commonplace... This is used in Inglorious Basterds, where an American agent is found out because he counts to three with his three middle fingers instead of his three first fingers (including the thumb). > In a a blatant rip-off of the T.S Eliot quote: “if I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter” This is actually a rip-off from Blaise Pascal, French scientist and philosopher from the 17th century who wrote in the 16th "Provinciale": "Je n'ai fait [cette lettre] plus longue que parce que je n'ai pas eu le loisir de la faire plus courte". (December 1656) which would translate as "This letter is longer, only because I couldn't find the time to make it shorter". http://books.google.fr/books?id=5dk8AAAAcAAJ&dq=related%... It's a very famous quote that is used constantly in French, so I'm kind of surprised T.S. Eliot could claim it as his own...? Although I agree with the basic principle that if you don't like what Facebook does, the best course of action is to not use Facebook, the argument that, in essence, a private company is free to do whatever it wants is absurd. What Facebook is doing is illegal in the EU (or at least, its legality is in dispute). Whether or not you agree with those regulations or think they are absurd is another matter entirely, and quite irrelevant, since you don't make the laws and can't even vote for the people who make them (because you're from a different part of the world). Sonos is a company that's not often talked about but which seems to be doing fairly well (although I don't know that for a fact; I'm just a (very) happy customer). Sonos is a direct competitor to AirPlay, and even a kind of crippled one: Sonos only works on Sonos devices; AirPlay works on many non-Apple devices. So why would anyone buy Sonos? It just works. The quality is incredible. You can stream audio from the web to all your speakers (which I don't think is doable, realistically, with AirPlay). Point is, just because Apple invests a market doesn't mean everyone else dies. > No TV is so 1990. Really, today 'No TV' would be easy to achieve while still overdosing on Youtube, netflix and so on. I disagree. You can leave TV on and have an uninterrupted stream of content, images, sound, noise constantly delivered to you with zero effort. Not so with Netflix or Youtube. You can't "leave Netflix on" because at the end of the program it will just stop and wait for you to choose another one. That alone makes a huge difference (to say nothing of the absence of advertising). > while standing on the sidewalk somewhere Do you not have a home? ;-) I think there's a big geographical problem that's overlooked. These things are all designed in California where the weather is sunny year-round. But in the rest of the world, most of the time, it's cold. You will not stand a long time "on the sidewalk" because you'll freeze. Maybe you're wearing gloves, which make using a smartphone impossible. > I can read novels comfortably in bed on my smartphone Really? I tried with an iPod Touch and an iPad, and really hated both. Then I bought a Kindle and found it extraordinary. The Kindle is the best device I've ever owned. > If they'd just called it the Xbox Phone it would've sold ten times better It's quite obvious that the Windows brand is burned; people hate Windows -- and Microsoft know it better than anyone else! They had a campaign some time ago where they tried to demonstrate that people actually liked Vista, if only they didn't know it was Vista. Of course, what it really showed was that people are incredibly prejudiced against the Windows brand. > You only go outside when the weather is sunny? Did I say that? I won't stand for a long time at a street corner typing on my phone without gloves, in bad weather. My Kindle case has a lamp that is very effective and yet not too bright. It's perfect for reading in bed. (And you can't use a smartphone to read on the beach or any place under direct sunlight...) The post doesn't discuss efficiency as productivity (ie, quantity of output per hour of labor), which could be called "curse of machinery", but rather, increases in the efficiency of distribution which results in a "winner takes all" economy. > the fallacy that destroying things stimulates the economy (yes, some people actually believe this) "Cash for clunkers": did it work? I use Netflix from France with a simple little proxy trick, and a French credit card; they don't seem to mind at all... (streaming only, obviously) > 49% incredible pain in the ass, 51% most sublime joy you've ever felt; that one percent makes all the difference. Between 49 and 51 I count a difference of two percents? > Turns out, we're having two babies, due in mid-February 2012. Aha. Let's talk again in a year or two, see who you'd throw under a bus. I have three of those myself. I don't really subscribe to this whole "kids are wonderful" cliché. The first kid, it's wonderful, yes (but this has been said before, no?) The other kids? Let's say I would agree more with Louis CK: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcnXpOygKGI Edit: downvoters should try to take care of my kids for a few days ;-) This is one of the funniest comments I've ever read! You should write short stories / books (or maybe you do?) Thanks for commenting, because I can't understand the downvotes. I still don't see where I "publicly talk about my own family" in a "disgusting" way, but if that's how my comment comes across, it sure looks bad. For all it's worth, I love my kids. Of course. And I would throw myself under a bus for any of them. Of course. And I almost have, twice (under my motorbike, which is not a bus, but weights over 400 pounds). My point is: who doesn't love his kids??!? (And who cares?) - - - Edit: this may bring more downvotes, but it's worth it if it helps me understand myself. I profoundly disliked Jeff's post. I should have said so instead of trying to be funny about it, but then I would have had to explain. Well, I have to explain anyway. So there. If parenting should teach you anything, it's that your kids are not you. They are not part of you, either. They're them; they're persons. Jeff says so near the end, but I'm afraid he doesn't understand what it means. Contrary to what most people apparently believe, praising your own kids in public, or your love for them, isn't helping them. It's helping you. It's using them to project a better image of you. It objectifies them: in fact, it's a kind of abuse. Exactly, thank you. I was not talking about the children themselves but about the experience. I didn't make myself clear, I think. Praising your kid in front of your kid, in public, when he deserves it, for example at the end of a game where he played well: that's good, that's just... normal. Talking about your kid, when he's not here, and presenting him, or your relation to him, in such a way that you benefit from the exposition: I don't think that's ok. Abuse is certainly too strong a word, but it's related. At first I read too fast and saw "I'm a psychologist and..." Now I'm happy to see that you are not! ;-) Again, I love all my children the same way. Really. I just meant to say something really trivial: having three (very young) kids is a lot different than having just one. With the first kid, everything is amazing, and eventually kind of funny / charming. With three kids, you're just tired. Tired makes you upset, and it doesn't have anything to do with any of them. The cure? Sending them to their grandparents. After only one day I miss them so much I have to go back to check on them; and then it starts all over again. I run OS X on VMWare, it's fast, it's perfect. I wonder if they're doing the same (virtualized OS X, which works well but is, I believe, against Apple's EULAs) or if they use actual Macs (which would be quite burdensome)...? Edit: confused iOS and OS X. I feel stupid. OS X, you're right (edited the parent). 9/9... but with submitting twice (first try: 7/9) The tests that have only different symbols are much easier than the ones where symbols are repeated. For example for question 1, without actually building the whole of the cube in one's head, it's quite obvious that the circle is always on the left side of the heart, except in one case where it will be at the top, and since the cubes have to be absolutely identical one doesn't need to look further than the first difference. (Edit: if the test is different for each taker, the above example is meaningless, of course.) You're counting living expenses twice. If he hadn't gone to college he'd have had to eat all the same; so it's more 320K than 420, and we're below a third of a mil instead of near half. Still a lot for learning to write poetry but that's not all he did... The article starts by predicting that the Dilberts of the world will start losing their job in droves without being able to find another one, and then mentions as examples... radiologists and lawyers making over $300K/year. Radiologists are no Dilberts. But if your blog is hosted by a third party (say Posterous), having blog.domain.com is very easy to set up, but domain.com/blog isn't? (Is it actually even possible at all?) "Kitchen Confidential" describes exactly what you're talking about; it's a fantastic book (published in 2000). > How about alcohol? From the article: > The lead researcher says he isn't surprised by the findings. "Previous research found for the most part people with high IQs lead a healthy life, but that they are more likely to drink to excess as adults," says James White a psychologist at Cardiff University in the United Kingdom. What the article doesn't explore is the fact that drugs are expensive; isn't it possible that drug use is correlated with revenue? The study apparently didn't make a difference between addicts and occasional users. IQ is also correlated with revenue (probably because that's what it actually measures: socio-economic class), and so that may be a part of the explanation, at least for "recreational" drugs. > On October 26, 2011, the Stop Online Privacy Act (SOPA) was introduced in the House of Representatives... Mmm, no. That may be the ultimate result (or maybe privacy died long ago) but SOPA stands for Stop Online Piracy Act, not Privacy ... I live at the corner of 64,779 St and 12,785 Ave. Although "sad" with where Google search is (was) going isn't the right term, I am now very much unpissed, so many many thanks for this. How is "literal mode" different from what "allintext:" promised? And is there an option to turn this on permanently? > This isn't really the solution we were looking for What? Yes, yes it is. Please don't take it away now! Although now is not the time to be picky (to be thankful, rather), why not simply let logged in users default to literal search, while still displaying the "did you mean" suggestions somewhere on the page...? Yes. Doing business with the Government means you have to spend endless hours in meetings and produce endless piles of paperwork. In small projects such as this one, overhead is probably around 90% of total cost. Incidentally, that's why auctioning small pieces of a larger project independently is probably not a good idea. Costs could in fact skyrocket: each part would have its own contract, negotiation process, meetings, forms, etc. > More than 2 pages? That's a back button. Well, that should be a "Read Later" button (or, at the very least, looking for a "Print" button). > Now matter how hard it is to shop for someone I'm unsure of what it means to "shop for someone" but I'm pretty sure you meant "No matter" instead of "Now matter"...? I don't understand who still sees ads. It's apparently a huge majority of Internet users, but I don't understand where they come from. I often set up computers for family and friends and installing AdBlock is one of the first things I do. Who is computer-savvy enough to buy and install their own computer, and yet not computer-savvy enough to get AdBlock? Or do (most) people actually like ads? > males, twenty-something, techies, etc. My parents are 80 years old. That includes my mother, who is not male (or else I was lied to about EVERYTHING!) They are not techies by a very long shot. I installed Adblock for them on Firefox and Chrome. Sometimes they use IE by accident; inevitably they complain to me that the blocking of ads is broken or inconsistent because they just saw ads all over the place. You're right to say that I'm basing my observation on people I know, but you're wrong to assume they're all male, young and tech-oriented, or that I lend them my own preferences. For example, I'm not on Facebook and will hopefully never be (if that's possible, which is not certain); but everyone I know is on Facebook and they even kind of like it. But the opposite is true for ads. It would be interesting to look at statistics for Adblock. I really don't see why it should be a "male" thing...? - - - Edit: I'm actually a little more annoyed by your answer than I should, because it tries to make me look stupid, without actually saying "I think you're stupid". I was raised by Jesuits and know one when I see one. There are hundreds of situations where you don't personally know people who are of one opinion, but where you're aware they exist because they make themselves heard. I don't think I've ever met a vegetarian but I'm very much aware of their existence. But ads? Who ever speaks publicly in favor of ads (who isn't, like yourself, an advertiser)??? > Have you ever had the after-the-Superbowl conversation? I'm not American and don't live in America, so no, I've never watched the Superbowl or talked about it, or its ads, afterwards. Over here when there are very popular sporting events (the World cup every four years, or maybe tennis every year) people talk about what happened during the game, not about the ads. But fashion magazines, yes, point taken. But as you say, there's nothing but ads in them; people buy them just for that. Ads are not interfering with other content in fashion magazines. Anyway -- in my experience, once people know about AdBlock they can't do without it. Therefore I'm wondering what's going to happen when everyone knows about it (which will happen eventually). What you're saying is that many people actually like ads; you may very well be right. > interestingly, they didn't seem to be any less effective for people who disliked ads Well, if people who dislike ads install AdBlock, ads are very ineffective for them, but stats don't tell that because impressions are not even counted... I find the ratio that only one person in "hundreds of highly proficient people" installs an ad blocker hard to believe, though. Well, yes, ad blindness works for banner ads, but recently it seems many sites (newspapers in particular) insist on having a big ad front and center that you have to manually dismiss in order to access the page. You can't ignore those. Why is reading authorized, then? Or, worse, sleeping / wearing earbuds? Or doing anything except getting ready for the coming catastrophe? Very well said. I wanted to comment along those lines but couldn't quite put it into words. As much as I dislike Arrington for being the dick that he is, I don't thing he's trying to "sell a con" or even to tell people to work hard. If anything, he's asking the whiners -- who's sole motivation is (supposedly) money -- to either stop whining or get out of the valley. His point is this: doing a startup is brutal; to survive you have to want building something more than anything, or you will not be able to stand the pain. It's a fair point. I don't know any UK postal code but found that "NW1" will get you near the center of London. Once the map is active you can go to any place in the UK. It would be interesting to filter by other criteria: year, age of people injured are two pieces of information that are already available. Brand of vehicule, estimated speed at impact, cause of accident, DUI, etc. would make for very interesting criteria if they are recorded. > Parakey investors got they’re money back How can one write for a living and spell like this? English is not my mother tongue and yet I now the difference between they're and their , it's vs. its . Or is this the result of poor speech-recognition software? > if you are a baker with a small business, you are effectively useless, not because bread isn’t important, but because surviving in the bread business is now a matter of having developers on your side who can help you win in a game that Yelp, Groupon and other software companies are running to their advantage I don't think this is true right now; I very much doubt it will ever be true. I live within walking distance of not less than five excellent boulangeries and have never used any sort of "social" tool or other technology to select the one I'm going to buy bread from. I try them all regularly, know what they do well or less well (one is better at croissants than the others) and basically go to the one that offers the best version of the product I'm looking for. Looking for "bargains" in bakery is asking for trouble; choosing your bread according to your "social network" (who's composed of people who do not live right next to you) sounds completely useless. It doesn't seem like bakers need to worry about Groupon, or Yelp. Is this just a poor example or am I missing something? I'm wary of the fact that it basically tells us what we want to hear: the only talent that matters are developers, companies who "get" developers will survive and those who don't, won't, no matter from which industry. That's a little too good to be true, and the bakery example stroke me as very ill-suited. I enjoyed the article, though, and I wish it were true that clueless incumbents would die rapidly and developers would get infinite leverage. What I think is true is that developers will get a little more leverage while clueless incumbents will take forever to disappear. (Edit: in the long run, everyone will be a developer. There will still be good and bad developers, but there won't be non-developers professionals, just like today there are not many people with a job who can't read or write.) Where would my children have to live to need technology to choose a bakery? It would have to be a place with either thousands of bakeries to choose from (not likely), or, more probably, a place with almost no bakery. If you have to drive 30 miles to find a bakery then it makes sense to try to find out which one is worth the effort. Which makes me wonder: is this an American problem? In cities where 1. almost anything is accessible by foot 2. driving is extremely annoying and expensive you have an enormous incentive to choose services based on proximity rather than their current Yelp rating (or lack thereof). Is there such a thing as "the best bread in the world"? There are "bad breads", or even "mediocre breads", but beyond that, all breads are interesting, each in its own way. I'm not sure I would want to eat the same bread everyday just because it's the "best" one (according to a bunch of Yelp users). I don't think this "winner takes all" analysis really works for food. Let's think about something else outside of food. There is probably such a thing as "the world's best laundry service", but do I care? I won't drive ten miles (or even 1 mile) to find a better laundry service, be it marginally better or even incredibly better, if the one that's nearest me is affordable and good enough. I will never know they exist because I won't look for them. So I'm not sure "winner takes all" works for proximity services in general. That's not to say that technology cannot disrupt those markets; someone could build a machine that lets people cook incredible bread in the house (it's been tried, and failed miserably up to now, but that doesn't mean it can't happen). But the whole "bakers need to become experts at managing their online social reputation" line of reasoning strikes me as misguided and, frankly, the root of a lot of evil in modern society. I'd rather patronize bakers who are experts at baking. There are many of them. You make an interesting point, and what makes it very interesting is that it's testable: are native speakers worse spellers than non-native speakers? And which words do each group have the most difficulty spelling? It doesn't seem likely that non-native speakers are better general spellers than native speakers; but it's possible that some words are especially difficult for native speakers and not for non-native ones. Are you aware of existing studies on that subject? Umm, no. He's saying the exact opposite: > Focus on the winners, and don’t lose sleep over the losers. Seems like a good investment philosophy to me. What's missing from this article is the fact that the Captain chose to fly right into the storm, saying "on va pas se laisser emmerder par des cunimbs" (in essence: "fuck this storm") http://www.lexpress.fr/actualites/2/actualite/des-dialogues-... This is incredible hubris. Then, in the middle of the storm he leaves the two copilots alone, one of them quite inexperienced, and goes for a nap. He's obviously trying to demonstrate that he's not afraid of anything. Well, maybe he was fearless, but now he's dead and so are all the passengers, passengers he was in charge of. - - - Once in the storm, and with the incredible amount of stress, it's hard to say if other pilots would have done better (other pilots that night avoided the storm!) I've read that pilots are trained to react to a stall at the beginning of their career, but not as part of their regular training -- I don't know if it's true or not. What's true is that stall is one of the worst things that can happen; it's like training bus drivers to hit the brakes when they're going right into a wall: of course they would do that ... > Is there any discussion as to why they didn't seek an alternate plan The Captain chose not to, because he "wasn't afraid of clouds" (see my comment above). This was a huge mistake. But Captains are in charge of their route and it makes sense; it would be incredibly bureaucratic and dangerous if routes were decided from a central command somewhere at the airline headquarters... What we need are humble pilots; there should be psychological evaluation to weed out those who think they are John Wayne hunting down Indians. Part of the difficulty is that the job attracts daredevils -- among others: that night, all other Captains went around the storm... > Add a display that shows the current positions of both control sticks Yes! From the article: " As the plane approaches 10,000 feet, Robert tries to take back the controls, and pushes forward on the stick, but the plane is in "dual input" mode, and so the system averages his inputs with those of Bonin, who continues to pull back. If this is true, it's insane. What does it mean to "average" the inputs of both pilots if one is full forward and the other one full back?? It should say "conflicting command; make up your mind". The article alludes to the old system where the stick was just the one same stick for both pilots: no possible conflicts there. The new planes should have a way to emulate that. Very interesting insight. But I think you're both right and wrong. It's certainly true that computer assistance and correction leads to bad habits. I drive a motorcycle and will never drive one with ABS, because I know from many people that once you have a bike with ABS, the moment you ride one without, you fall, usually in less than half a mile: you're used to stepping furiously on the brakes, and that is quite unforgiving when there is no ABS ;-) But it's also probably true that computer assistance saved many more lives than it took. It just shouldn't turn off on its own; or, people should have extensive training with assistance off ("alternate law"). A commenter below (cellularmitosis) makes a very interesting point: Bonin may not have realized he was in "alternate law" (let's call it "mode" instead of "law"). In "normal mode" the computer will not let pilots stall the plane, whatever they do; it will accept the commands up to what it considers dangerous. There's an "envelope" of acceptable plane movements; pilots can move inside this envelope but not outside of it. In "alternate mode", the envelope is much wider and you can actually stall the plane. If you're in normal mode, it makes sense to pull the stick all the way so that you're at the edge of the envelope: you climb as fast as you possibly can (as fast as the computer will let you). And you can probably fool yourself when the stall alarm rings: the computer is telling me I'm near stalling -- I'm at the edge of the envelope, THIS IS WHAT I WANT!! In fact you're not in normal mode anymore, and the computer is telling you that you're way past the envelope. But you can't register that, because for you that is simply impossible. If that's what happened, the cause of the crash is insufficient training in alternate mode . > What happens when a generation completely comfortable with remix culture becomes a majority of the electorate, instead of the fringe youth? What happens when they start getting elected to office? (Maybe "I downloaded but didn't share" will be the new "I smoked, but didn't inhale.") Yes, that's exactly what happens: nothing. The US has had (publicly confessed) former drug users as presidents for over a decade and a half now, and look at how it changed the "War on drugs": if anything, it intensified. This is just wishful thinking. Lessig's thesis, if I'm not mistaken, is that only people who contribute money to politicians have access to them, and therefore only issues the contributors care about are dealt with. He would like to limit the maximum amount an individual is able to contribute to a very low figure (something like $100 or less) in order to change who has or has not access. As a French, I find this very naive. Our politicians and their campaigns are paid for by public money, and have been for over 20 years now. It doesn't make our politicians more willing to listen to ordinary people. French politicians invented -- and implemented! -- Hadopi, for instance. Access is very important, yes, but it's an illusion to link access with just money. I would say access is 1/3 social circles (who politicians went to school with, who they're married to, etc.), 1/3 power (economic power such as who employs the most people, but also who can make the most noise (farmers!!!)) and 1/3 "cultural power" (stars and pseudo-stars politicians meet when they're invited on a TV show, etc.) Just because one removes the access that money give, they won't miraculously make politicians unbiased. Humans are biased, not just politicians, and there's not much anyone can do about it. What can be done is what the founders of the US have done: write a strong Constitution and a stronger Bill of Rights. Despite what everyone says and complains about, that has proven to work pretty well for the last 200 years. PG is quoted in the article as saying ”I don’t know exactly which companies had people on the list. But I know which will now: none of them.” That's fine and admirable, but on the practical side, if he doesn't know who's who, how is he going to enforce this rule? Yes, I read that too, and that's my point: he doesn't make the invitations himself; just because you trust an organisation to do something doesn't mean you can dispense yourself from verifying they did what they were asked to do. The "people in charge of the Demo Day invites" probably have enormous incentives to invite influential and powerful employees from SOPA-supporting companies, and would certainly face backslash they'd rather do without. So what I think is happening is that PG just added "manage invitations to Demo Day" to his todo list... (all the most admirable BTW) Oh well, if they're simply Y Combinator employees it's as you say; I read that as if it meant they were a contractor ("the people in charge" vs. "us/we"). I'd like to mention two books because I can't decide which is greatest (they're very different): - The Checklist Manifesto by Atul Gawande (often quoted here, and rightly so; it's short and really really great) - How to Live, or A life of Montaigne by Sarah Bakewell (a fantastic take on Montaigne's essays by a contemporary scholar with a refreshing take on everything). This is not the end of the story. The First amendment is about government, yes -- but not "free speech" in general. Speech is not really free when you need to subscribe to a private service in order to express yourself, and those services can edict their own rules defining what can be said. A business is not free to do anything it wants. For example, a business is not free to demonstrate prejudice in hiring. Just because, as of now, businesses who are in the business of providing tools for self expression, can define their own rules as regards to how those tools are used, does not mean they will always be able to do so, nor that they should. Free speech should be enforced in private companies. My guess is, it eventually will. That Google applies the same rules to itself as to everyone else is commendable. What seems strange is how much of this needs to be done by hand. In essence, Google is admitting that they're unable to detect spam / low quality content, and therefore their "policy" is to punish the perpetrators when/if they get caught. This may be needed to enforce the rules, but it's an obvious disservice to Google's users, who are apparently considered "collateral damage". Maybe. Maybe they don't go through the home page; maybe they go through the Google home page but don't look at it. But the problem is the same when other companies that make an honest mistake in good faith, get punished in this manner: 1. there wasn't anything they could have done to prevent this mistake (if the Chrome team can't figure out the rules, who can??) 2. the people who end up being punished are Google's users themselves, who won't understand why they can't find BMW when searching for "bmw", and will probably think they did something wrong. I'm not defending spammers, BTW, or even SEO (which I think is borderline evil regardless of the color of its hat). What I'm trying to say is that Google should find a way to punish spammers without punishing its own users. Ideas and the work of the mind are in the public domain; they belong to the public. If you come up with an original idea, even if this original idea cost you a year's work, this original idea that you and you alone built, belongs to everyone. Now, in order to encourage people to work on original ideas, it was decided to give to authors a right to their own work, for a limited time. This "right" is taken from the public domain (ie, the public). The justification is that by helping struggling authors, it lets them coming up with more original ideas, and therefore benefits the public. The deal is this: the public gives a piece of their own property to authors, in exchange for more work from those same authors. This system has grown out of proportion with its original intents. (The minute dead authors could earn anything from copyright, the system should have been considered broken). So, although it's currently illegal, and I don't approve of "piracy", it's not illegitimate to consider that if someone says something, I have a right to know what they're saying (especially if that doesn't cost them anything to let me hear it). You could really turn your proposition the other way around: if someone doesn't want non-paying readers to read what they write, then they should refrain from writing anything. > it makes no sense to me to tell people who want to be compensated for making something valuable to stop doing it so that we can make whatever remaining works there are public domain It would be an interesting experiment, but I don't think people would stop putting out original ideas if they were to stop being compensated for it. People produce original ideas and original works of art because that's what they do, not because they hope to become very rich doing so. (And it could be argued that the best works of mankind have been produced before copyright was invented.) The point of copyright was to prevent authors from starving; I think we're well past that point. (There's a secondary argument in favor of copyright that's often aired by movie studios and the like, that it costs a lot of money to produce works of art, and that if there were no copyright then there would be no economic rationale to create new things. I think that argument is flawed in principle ("so what? do we need expensive works of art so badly that we're prepared to alienate our freedom for having them?"), but more interestingly, it's also becoming false in practice: it used to cost a lot of money to produce a music album, or even simply to print a book; it will eventually be cheap to produce a movie.) My general point is that copyright was an interesting idea that has gone much too far; we're not getting our money's worth and we should push back (i.e., make it much shorter). > I don't think it's reasonable to have automated systems ban a site from google for a _single_ link No, but it would be reasonable to ban the post sporting the offending link. It also would be in the benefit of Google's users to demote pages that are content-free. I thought this was what "Panda" was all about, but I'm not sure if it's working? ? I'm not talking about privacy here; if I made you think I wanted to know everything that was being said in the privacy of one's home then I didn't make myself clear and I'm sorry. I'm talking about contributions to the public debate. If someone wants to contribute to the public debate, then that contribution should be available to all -- and the fact that it's available to all should be rewarding enough to the contributor. You may find this to be an extreme position; when looking at what copyright has become, I think it's useful to consider the other end of the spectrum (at least as a thought experiment). Maybe games are more "things" than "speech" (although they are protected as speech by the First Amendment; see the recent decision http://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/10pdf/08-1448.pdf It would be pretty ironic if in order to free games from the demands of public domain advocates, you also stripped them of free speech protection). But how is a movie not speech? How is it not a work of art, how is it fundamentally different from a book or a song, or a painting? Because it costs a lot of money to put together? For one, this argument is not going to hold for long, as producing a movie at home for next to no money is becoming not only possible but commonplace (The Blair Witch project was shot in 1999 and at the end of principal photography the total cost of production was under $20k (not a typo)). But secondly, just because the form of art one decides to express themselves with is costly, doesn't justify that the public domain be amputated, or that the public abandons its freedom, more than is strictly necessary for a functioning society. The right of the public to be informed or educated, or simply to have any conversation they please, should come before the "right" of individuals to make a living in a manner of their own choosing. The US Copyright Law comes to the rescue; it defines public performance thusly: > To perform or display a work “publicly” means (...) to perform or display it at a place open to the public or at any place where a substantial number of persons outside of a normal circle of a family and its social acquaintances is gathered See http://www.copyright.gov/title17/circ92.pdf , middle of page 5. "Any place open to the public" includes your home if anyone can come in and watch your movie in exchange for a hug. So I would argue that the difference between "private" and "public" is well established, by copyright law itself . Now for my opinion: if any and all public performances end up on the Internet, it's a good thing. (It's a good thing for "information" in general, and it's also a good thing for the economy. The economy benefits from goods being cheaper.) You may want to argue that posting the video on Youtube deprives you of many hugs, and that you should be compensated for that fact; or maybe you'll ask for Youtube to be simply taken down, to avoid such problems in the future. But society doesn't owe you the ability to get hugs in exchange for the screening of movies. (What if you decided to provide services for the blind. Then, after an initial success, you come to the conclusion that the only way to grow your business further is if there are more blind people. Should the US Government help you poke the eyes of your neighbors?) > You could say the same about any kid who inherits wealth No, you couldn't. If your dad is a car salesman and makes a fortune, you can inherit his wealth, but not his recurring revenue (once he's dead he's not selling cars anymore). Harry Potter books will continue to earn money for their author's descendants after her death, in addition to all the money they earned for the author directly (and which will have been inherited by her kids). That's a unique feature of intellectual property. Yes. Also this: " Let me know your passionate or don’t waste my time. " ( you're !) This is why I love being a contractor / consultant. Clients don't ask for a little lap dance and a smile before we can do business, like this guy seems to expect. They have a job to do that they think I can do, I give a quote, they say yes or no (usually yes, if we went this far). I do it, they pay me. No resume-this, resume-that, what's your vision, are you passionate, what do you love or hate. I hate being in an office with a stranger in the middle of the afternoon, talking about my passions. > Without copyright, I could take apart J.K Rowling's billion dollar Harry Potter empire by simply republishing and selling all the works myself, without compensation to Ms. Rowling. She probably would have sold a few copies before you'd be able to do that; and maybe you could produce a slightly modified version that would be better. It's worth noting that some of the best works of mankind were produced when no copyright was in place, so the argument that associates copyright protections with content creation is weak at best. It's also worth noting that the continuous extension of copyright protection would effectively hamper creation. Derivative works are authored all the time. Most of what Disney ever produced is derived from popular classics from the 18th / 19th centuries (I remember that in "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame", the original author, Victor Hugo, isn't even credited). I think it's wrong to frame the debate as "copyright versus no copyright at all"; it would be more useful to discuss copyright length . But what has been happening thus far is that copyright proponents have cried wolf, advocated for longer and longer copyright protections, and stronger and meaner tools of enforcement, AND IT WORKED. And there we are, discussing SOPA, or having to live with HADOPI (crazy French law voted last year). It's only fair that reasonable people who think shorter copyright terms would be desirable, and SOPA should never have been drafted, become less reasonable, in order to be heard. I think that's what "zero copyright" advocates are doing; and maybe they have a case. Would a society with zero copyright be " radically different "? Let's see. Would " most people oppose those changes "? Let's ask them! We need to frighten the MPAA just as the MPAA has been frightening everyone. "Stop pushing or lose it all" is a start. > The most important thing I learned is that I don't want to be a professor. This is a valuable lesson, because now I won't have regrets about not pursuing that career path. This is a very interesting point. These days many people argue that it's useless to go to college. But one of the points of going to college is not having regrets for not having tried . Maybe the right approach is to go, and then drop out. You know you were able to go, you know how it is inside, and then if you get out after the first year you save at least 75% of the cost. > You would see it justified to cash in on someone else's work after she "sold some copies"? In fact the answer to the example of Harry Potter should be that if copyright didn't exist, then it would be hard to sell any copy. Maybe some people would be able to sell printed copies, or better copies, or from a manufacturer approved by the author, etc. -- but most (electronic) copies would be available for free. The question is: would it be bad? You seem to think that it would be morally bad; I'm not sure what morals have to do with it. It would be legal. Would it be economically bad? I'm not sure either. In general, contrary to what people seem to believe, the economy benefits from cheaper goods. But the larger point is that works of the mind belong to the public . They used to be in the public domain by default. Copyright is something that is cut from the property of the general public, and given to someone as an incentive to produce more original work. The public should make sure they're getting their money's worth when granting copyright extensions. And, as it is obvious this is not the case, we should be demanding copyright reduction. When you want ten bucks, ask for a million. When you want a shorter copyright length, ask for zero. I understand that Chrome will now start to fetch and display pages before you finish typing the url. Google Instant is bad, but at least only Google supports the increased load on its servers. Now Chrome is trying to build "Web Instant", which everyone will have to support. > The second optimization one could make is that since f(r, i) == f(r, i-1) + f(r, i) then to calculate f(r, i) you only need to calculate up to the i'th element of each row. You actually only need to calculate up to the i'th element of the row you want. The Wikipedia page about Pascal's triangle [1] teaches us that it's possible to calculate a row directly (without any knowledge of other rows). Therefore we can do this: #!/usr/bin/python for row in xrange(200): curr = [1] vc = 1 for c in xrange(1, row/2+1): vc = int(vc * (row+1-c)/float(c)) curr.append(vc) curr.extend(curr[::-1]) print curr (And of course since each line is symmetrical we only need to compute half of it). This version is only a little faster than the last one provided by the author, but for some reason it's much more consistent, time-wise. For 200 rows it stays between 250-330ms between runs, whereas the author's last version is between 300-550ms. And with a little modification, this version will let us compute any row much more efficiently than starting at the first row every time. [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascals_triangle PS: There may be a more efficient way to calculate vc (Cell Value) than using int() and float(), but I don't really know Python so that's the best I can do ;-) This problem used to exist for a Google optimizer of some kind, a long time ago (6-8 years ago I think). Do you remember its name? ... or toys with less lead in them... ;-) http://www.forbes.com/2008/12/16/toys-product-safety-biz-com... > Having said that, I am absolutely gobsmacked that the committee did not simply ask for the source code to both programs From the article (part 4): > Critics of the ICGA soon realized that no one has actual Rybka source code from before 2010, not even Rajlich himself, who sheepishly admitted to Nelson Hernandez off-camera in the course of their July 2011 video interview that he had never maintained any form of version control for Rybka source code until Rybka 4. > Say you’re looking for a vacation destination. You can of course search the web, but what if you want to learn from the experiences your friends have had on their vacations? Just as in real life, your friends’ experiences are often so much more meaningful to you than impersonal content on the web. No, they are not. What's meaningful to me are the experiences of people (anyone) who have been to where I'm thinking of going, and their average rating. Imagine this on Amazon: when considering buying a book, would you want to see the reviews of "your friends", of which maybe one or two have read the book you're looking at and taken the time to comment on it, or would you rather have access to the collective knowledge of millions of Amazon customers...? I wonder why he doesn't add the cost of his car, in which he traveled to and from location, and the cost of building the road, and his home, and his entire life up to this point, and what it cost humanity to invent photography in the first place. I get his point, of course, and (kind of) agree with him, but his argument is weak. I don't think that's what the parent is saying. It would seem that domains that you say are available for the .com gTLD actually are not. Maybe you count as "available", domains for which the .com is taken but other gTLDs are not? Personally when I search for a domain I'm only interested in .com, but maybe you could let users choose what TLDs they care about? As others have stated, it seems to be much more than 1%... and it absolutely must be zero if the service is to have any credibility. Anyone can make a list of words: that's the trivial part. What you are "selling" (even if for free) is the capability to verify availability fast; you need to deliver on that promise for the whole thing to have any value. I'd say the value is even negative when registered domains are shown as available, because then it's wasting users' time. (Sorry to be blunt but I don't know how else to put it). It can't be "stealing" since Reddit accounts don't expire when one opens another account on HN... This post is very interesting and informative, esp. the part about indexing trigrams instead of words: > Regular expression matches do not always line up nicely on word boundaries, so the inverted index cannot be based on words like in the previous example. Instead, we can use an old information retrieval trick and build an index of n-grams, substrings of length n. This sounds more general than it is. In practice, there are too few distinct 2-grams and too many distinct 4-grams, so 3-grams (trigrams) it is. As he explains, in order to perform a search using regular expressions, the RE is first converted to an "ordinary" query string, which finds a set of candidate documents; the candidate documents are then loaded in memory, and the "real" regular expression run against them, in order to find only the matching documents. He used Google's retrieval engine in order to build the trigram index, but he doesn't say how he identified "code" amidst the ocean of ordinary web pages? He does say this regarding an example implementation: > The indexer (...) rejects files that are unlikely to be interesting, such as those that (...) have very long lines, or that have a very large number of distinct trigrams. so maybe that's what Code Search did too. What I'm wondering is this: wouldn't it be interesting to have a full web index based on trigrams, that would let us search not only using RE but also using wildcards (at the end of words or at the beginning)? Maybe it would be too complex to build such an index for the whole web, but for limited corpora (such as one's mail) it would be very useful. > we’re not addressing the real problem: the MPAA’s buying power in Congress. This is a campaign finance problem. This is delusional at best. I'm from France, where campaigns are paid for by public money. France: the country that brought you Hadopi and where SOPA-like laws have been in place for a long time. This has nothing to do with campaign finance. Garage Band + open distribution platform? Really? I've never seen anything of value on Youtube, but I never tried very hard. If you're right, it means what's needed is a way to find good videos on Youtube. Some combination of Reddit + a personalized recommendation engine (ala Netflix) plugged into Youtube. I would use that constantly. Thanks for this comment; this is news to me, I had no idea these things existed. I just watched one video and it's just like you said: a combination of talk radio, motion picture and reality TV (sort of like Jackass meets NPR...) Who would have thought watching someone else play a game could be entertaining, but if the player has funny comments and insights, it sure is. That could become big (or is it already...?) What about a Youtube Recommendation Engine That Works? I've been on Netflix for about 6 months now, and I'm flabbergasted at the quality of their recommendation engine (which maybe owes much to their Netflix Challenge -- I don't know how efficient it was before). For every show listed, they predict how much I will like it, and their prediction is almost always right. On the other hand, Amazon is almost always wrong, and so is Youtube; my guess is Amazon bases its recommendations on what I buy instead of what I like, and Youtube does the same (what I watch instead of what I actually like). A recommendation engine for Youtube (or all video sites) that would actually work would have a lot of value for users. There's a chicken-and-egg problem: how do you get enough ratings to be able to make recommendations; this can be addressed by starting in a small niche of specific content: start with a small community of people passionate about a subject. My two cents. You're right. To clarify, in the US, the problem is partly related to campaign finance, yes, because this vehicle is available to lobbyists to influence politicians. But my point is, if you remove this vehicle the problem doesn't go away, it just takes another form. And in fact I think it's good that it takes the form of campaign finance, because at least it's visible: you can see who gives how much money to which man / party / cause. And anyway, politicians don't care about "freedom"; they care about big companies, because they have dinner with CEOs; they care about "jobs" because they think that's what matters to their constituents. Solving campaign finance wouldn't change any of that. Joel is right. As it is, we have to win every time: they need to win only once. This is a horrible and depressing post for an old guy like me... but fortunately the great video of Louis CK provides the necessary contrarian view. (The presence of this video makes one wonder if it was all in fact tongue-in-cheek?) Week 3 is "Crawling the web" (the whole Web??!?) and Week 4 is "Responding to search queries"; shouldn't "Building an index" be somewhere in Week 3.5? Do people need to learn how to build a search engine for the Web, complete with crawling and PageRank, etc., or do they rather need to know how to build a search engine for a specific corpus of documents that they have sitting around somewhere...? It's a victory, yes, but probably not huge. The majority opinion, written by Scalia, takes the narrowest of views: that placing a GPS device is a "search", and as such, subject to the limitations set out by the 4th Amendment. In a (concurring) opinion, Justice Sotomayor agrees with that narrow view, but she asks what will happen when the Government doesn't need to place an actual physical device in one's car in order to record where it's going? And indeed we're probably already there, so this decision is in fact more about the past than about the future. In France in the 60s the police used to have fill-in-the-blanks search warrants: pre-signed and pre-approved, with the name of the searchee conveniently left blank, so officers could type in whatever they wanted whenever they needed. I say "in France" and "in the 60s" because it's been proven to happen there and then, but it's probably still common in many parts of the world... > Nothing happens on an Apple device without Cupertino’s knowledge, and as a result Apple can perfectly tailor its devices for it users (and ratchet up record-breaking quarterly earnings in the process). Are Apple's devices "perfectly tailored for it[s] users"? I don't see any of that tailoring when I use them. The reason why Apple ratchets up record-breaking earnings is that they build things people want; they build incredibly good devices. Google is playing with fire; the thing it has that people want is not G+ or Reader or even Gmail: it is search. If they break search, they will die. This article by Farhad Manjoo from Slate says better than I could why SPYW is silly and bad: http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/technology/2012/01/... The best part: Yet even the examples that Google employees have been showing off don’t seem very useful to me. On his blog, Matt Cutts, who heads Google’s Webspam team, points out how his query for general tso’s chicken is improved by social links. He follows Jennifer 8. Lee, the author of a book about Chinese restaurants, on Google+. When he searches for general tso’s, he gets a link to Lee’s definitive Quora post on the history of the dish. If you don’t follow Lee and you do the same search, you won’t get that post. But I don’t see the logic here. Isn’t the Quora post a good result for general tso’s chicken whether or not you’re friends with Lee? And the reason it’s a good result is that she’s an expert on the topic, not that she’s your friend or colleague. If Lee’s post isn’t coming up for all Google searchers—rather than just the ones who are perceptive enough to follow her—it would seem to suggest something is amiss with Google’s algorithm. You shouldn’t have to friend a plumber in order to find a good link about unclogging your toilet. It's probably true that you can "opt out", sort of; I don't have an account with G+ (probably never will), but I use Gmail. If Google searches start to feature prominently links to content published by my regular email correspondents, then that will break search for me. > If we know something of your interests (based on G+ and/or search), isn't suggesting more relevant content to you on Youtube (as a purely hypothetical example) a good thing? No, it's not. Not because of "privacy" concerns or this whole silly "evil" debate, but because YOU'LL GUESS WRONG. I have many interests. I never email anyone about my search queries because I do searches about programming, and I exchange mail with my friends about past or future parties. If you try to use one to help the other you will produce a soup of irrelevant garbage. Please just show me the most relevant links in the whole Web. I don't care what my friends think (I know already). > people have complained for ages that Google doesn't "get" social Who exactly "complained"? Google didn't get social, and it was fine. Now they still don't, but they've decided to try anyway. It's like an awkward teenager who thinks they can dance. It's embarrassing. > Things like Subjective logic are similar to the way humans establish trust in real life and search engines could improve their results by using it. Trust in real life is broken. Google Search (1999 version) was a HUGE IMPROVEMENT over the "it's who you know" way of doing things that had always existed. Suddenly, you didn't have to know a guy who knew a guy who had a bike to find information about something. It seems completely crazy to me that we would want to go back to the old way of doing things. I use Google to find out about things my friends don't know (if they did, I'd have asked them). Did you actually read it? The part I copied here for your viewing convenience is not "speculation" nor "hyperbole" or "opinion", it discusses the best example given so far by Googlers about the benefits of SPYW: that when you know someone who wrote a book about something, and you search about that something, then posts by this person, relevant to your search, pop up! And this is the best case scenario. > You have many interests, but a finite number I'm not even one person. We have many computers in our home; I'm logged in to all of them, Google-wise, but they are used by my wife, the woman who looks after our kids, our children themselves, etc. It would be very impractical to have each person log in as herself before they can search anything on Google (and my kids are too young to even be allowed to have a Google account!) For now, customization seems to be attached only to the computer (browser), not the account; I have a computer that I use for work that no one else has access to, where Google searches work fine; I practically can't use the other computers to search Google. If some day in the future, results are customized according to the account instead of simply the browser, then I won't be able to use Google at all. > Google's an AI company Ok, fine. Here's what they could do, then: detect topics in search results (and in query terms) and let one cluster or filter results by topics / domains. Why don't they do that? Why don't they even try? > The more context it has for what you're talking about, the better chance it has at guessing what you meant -- that's all it can do, it'll never actually know. Ask me! > I like cats, and I watch them on youtube. When I type in jaguar, I'm actually probably asking about the cat, not the car. "Probably" but not "certainly". So what are you to do when you actually want to search about jaguar (the car)? Then you'll have to search for "jaguar car". But that is broken. The paradigm of (Google) search is that it gives back, as search results, documents that contain all of the search terms (implicit AND). In the query "jaguar car" the word "car" qualifies the word "jaguar" but is not necessarily to be found in result documents. The problem with this whole guessing game is that 1) it's UNPREDICTABLE and takes control away from the user 2) it forces the user to try to "unguess" Google ("what did it try to do, and what do I have to type to make sure it guesses right") -- an exhausting mental strain, which has a tendency to fail > If I'm following really good programmers, and I type in a programming-related query, I'd rather get results biased toward what really good programmers like, versus the unbiased average. How can you be sure you're already following _all_ the really good programmers that have something to say about your search? Why should I have to bother with setting up all of this "following" business? I expect Google to give me the most relevant results of the best quality, according to some general consensus -- or, if you want to go the AI route, according to actual textual analysis (for example, and at the minimum, spelling ; let me filter out results where spelling mistakes are above a certain threshold, that would have value (out goes Yahoo Answers)). Giving more weight to results coming from people I know, or even people I've already heard of, does not help. > The goal Google web-search [1] is to show you the links from the whole web that are most relevant to you. But my point is: there is no such thing as "me". Now I do this (programming) and an hour later I do that (cooking). Then my daughter comes along and she wants to see pictures of puppies -- but I personally could not care less about puppies. If Google thinks I'm into puppies and tries to infer something from that, then they will have broken search for me. > Different people will have (potentially widely) divergent opinions on what the most relevant set of links are for the exact same query. I really (really) don't think that's true. What is true is that the "exact same query" could be about different things (domains), such as java the programming language, the island, or coffee. But given a query and a domain, the most relevant links are obtained by consensus (PageRank). An interesting evolution would be to have PageRanks evaluated per topic. You're right, this upsets me a little. It upsets me because it takes control away from me and makes me work harder. Instead of just searching (typing words that I expect to find in result documents), I'll have to try to second-guess Google and craft my query in such a way that it guesses right. Thanks for this detailed answer (and I do use Verbatim all the time; this is the best thing that ever came out of Google recently). You're quite convincing about the "hyperbole" part, but I'd argue this is par for the course for journalists: they have to exaggerate a bit. But where I completely disagree with you is when you say: > Then he says "If you don’t follow Lee and you do the same search, you won’t get that post." Again, that's the idea of the personalized search option..... and again, it is an option that can be turned off if you don't think it's useful. The post he's talking about is the most relevant result for that search. If Google only shows it to people who follow the author of the post, then they will have broken search in favor of some kind of "social" thing that is much worse than what we had before. Netflix is magic. It has the only recommendation engine that actually works. I'm a streaming subscriber, and the only problem is their somewhat limited catalog: many movies I look for are only available on DVD. There are very few recent releases. But their catalog will inevitably expand. It's incredible how one comes to love something that works so consistently and dependably. I knew a version from Voltaire which goes like this: "give me one sentence from anyone and I'll have him hanged." Of course if it comes from Richelieu it's more interesting since he actually could have people hanged, their castles destroyed, their properties confiscated, etc. > whenever Why doesn't it happen to Apple, then? Apple is much much more successful than Google, and, arguably, more "evil". What I think people react badly to, is hypocrisy (real or perceived). Apple does what it says and doesn't apologize. Google has this whole blurry theory of "not being evil" which many of its own actions prove false, hence the backlash. When clicking on the "not sure" link to determine how many calories we want per day, one is given a choice between Imperial and Metric units; but in the generated diets this choice is apparently not present? (Also, what is a "cup"? and how many avocados does it hold...?) > The French aren't different, just late. Interesting, but why would we be that late? Some things are physically impossible. There is no parking space in front of my kids' school (I have 3: 6/3/2), and so it's not possible for everyone to drive their kids to school in SUVs at the same time. Most people walk their kids to school, and most kids at age 7 go to school by themselves. I also can't imagine not having three meals a day and letting my kids just take things out of the refrigerator at any time (there is almost nothing in the refrigerator that can be eaten as is, anyway; if you can't cook you can't eat). It's true we're a little more lax than our parents, but not that much, I think. We'll see. This is what one finds in the "About" page of Khan Academy: > Sal also found time to get three degrees from MIT and an MBA from Harvard > Shantanu (...) received four degrees from MIT > Bilal (...) completed his MBA and MA in Education from Stanford and a BS in Actuarial Science from Urbana-Champaign > Marcia (...) received her BS and MS in Computer Science from Stanford > Jessica (...) is an alumna of Stanford and UC San Diego > Desmond (...) studied mechatronics engineering at Swinburne University, Australia > Charlotte (...) received her BA from Haverford College > Elizabeth (...) earned a B.A. in Intellectual History at Penn > Marcos (...) has an SB from MIT and an MFA from RISD > James (...) received two degrees from CMU in Physics and Computer Science > Minli (...) has a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering and M.S. in Management Science & Engineering from Stanford University http://www.khanacademy.org/about/the-team What's the point? If traditional education is irrelevant, why does it matter whether Khan Academy's people come from the most prestigious universities...? > you sell software to teachers (...) so that they can teach their children more efficiently Does the whole "Bingo card" concept qualifies as efficient teaching ? The word "gamification" seems to have been invented for it. An important feature of SO is that it's been open : crawlable by search engines, readable by anyone without an account, etc. In those same four years Facebook, Twitter and the likes of Quora have exploded, and made the Internet worse. Yet at the same time all the Stack Exchange properties resisted this trend. I'm very grateful for that too. For some data, I could wait a week. I take pictures and movies that take up a lot of space; I don't want to ever lose them but they are not mission critical in any way, shape or form. I store everything on a NAS + another NAS as backup; it's a fairly safe setup as long as my house doesn't burn down, isn't flooded or burglarized. I would love an offsite backup solution that would be cheap because of very slow reads: if my house burns down it'll be some time before I can access those backups anyway. I learned to touch-type on a basic mechanic typewriter in the late 80s -- no electricity whatsoever, you had to hit the keys very hard to make it work. The teacher was an old style professional typist; she was almost able to hear each mistake (in a class of 20 people). There was a huge screen at the end of the classroom that showed a keybord; when the teacher would say "A" she would lit the letter up at the same time. She made us type bizarre and unnatural sequences of letters just to practice some fingers. It was quite funny at times, but I don't think I ever saw her smile. It was an optional course that didn't give any credit and that you had to pay for (the rest of my education was free, as this took place in France). Best investment I ever made. Quoting Shakespeare at the end of the post sounds a little forced. > I have no problem with the average Joe on the street in the middle east being harmed with my tax money Really? It's quite amazing to be able to say this after having said that "those on the other side of battle lines often have more in common with you than you think". How do you think "the average Joe on the street in the middle east" feels about having an unmanned plane over his head? How do you think his children feel when they see him being killed by such a machine? They swear they will seek vengeance. You will have only yourself to blame for this. I agree that this post is way over the top. But I don't think it tries to oppose startups with VC funding to any and all startups without VC funding, in general. It's arguing (as usual) that the way to go is bootstrapping, and being profitable from the start. So in order to refute it, one needs to find out how many startups, that are profitable from the start, end up failing. Probably not many, but I don't know. Also, for the author(s) of this post, "fail" includes being acquired and then integrated and "sunsetted" — which, depending on your point of view may or may not count as "failure". It's certainly not a failure from the founders' perspective; for the users', it's at least a setback. > The big draw for SendHub has nothing to do with buzzwords (aren’t you sick of local, social, photo-sharing apps, anyway?) > In a couple of weeks (...) the mobile-optimized website will include social sharing buttons, so a business can spread its message even further through the recipients’ circle of friends. Right. Fantastic! And what are you using to build the game? > Here's a compositional secret. (..) Surprise me. > Here's how surprise works. While holding my attention, you withold basic plot information. Feed it to me little by little. Make me try and figure out what's going on. Tease me in one direction. Throw in a false ending. Then turn it around and flip me over. This is the secret of storytelling. Hell, it's the secret of art. Music, painting, writing, architecture, wine making... you name it. Storytelling > story, BTW. That's why P&T can make new with the same old tricks. If you tell the same old story in a new way, it feels unique. The surprise is not in the content, it's in the experience. The paper quoted in the post says: > I show that fi…rms bid excessively for the pool of incumbent workers at the expense of trying out new talent. (...) This problem is most severe where information about talent is initially very imprecise This is nothing else than the Lemon effect at work. (As it happens I wrote a post about it today: http://blog.medusis.com/are-you-a-lemon ) The Lemon effect (first discussed in a paper from 1970) appears in markets where buyers know much less about goods being sold than sellers. When the probability of buying a bad product is high, buyers only offer to pay the lowest price. Sellers of bad products will sell at that price, but not sellers of good products. Therefore, after a short while, all good products are pushed out of the market and all that's left are duds (lemons). That explains why employers are willing to pay more for incumbent workers: uncertainty about an incumbent workforce is much less than for "new talent", because the former is vetted by their current employers and new talent is, well... new. TL;DR Google is awesome. Agile is bad and stupid and for stupid people, but when Google does it it's great, because Google can do no wrong and is NOT EVIL and did I mention awesome? I agree that "Methodologies" with a capital M are probably a scam, and that Google is probably full of super-smart developers that do fantastic work when left to their own devices — but I knew that already... > This, or something like it, is the future: the computing device is portable, and adapts itself to the forms of input available Maybe it is, but it's not the future I'd like best. I would like to have a desktop in the cloud, and data in the cloud, and nothing in my pocket; nothing to lose or break or have to make sure it still has juice. When I get somewhere to work (a client's, a café, a friend's, etc.), I log in to my cloud desktop using whatever dumb machine is available, and off I go. Everything I do is automatically saved, backed up, versioned, synchronized for me. A portable computer is useful in the subway, but at the office? What benefits do we stand to gain from still having things run or be stored on a local machine? In those cases you don't have a big display or a dock either; you just use your phone and that's fine. What I'm questioning is the value of a dock+display to access your phone versus a "cloud" device that can be accessed from anywhere (including your phone). Talents need a Facebook account to identify on VoiceBunny -- and there are no other options. How many blog posts explaining why this is wrong do we need before this crazyness stops? Isn't the whole point of "electric cars" to save energy? Here we learn that they need juice constantly to run "vital systems" and therefore consume energy at all times, even when not running. The owner cannot choose to let his car unplugged because then it'll break down completely and need to be repaired at a cost of 40% of the original price. This is not progress. Or, in the words of Linton Barwick: - Get a hold of those minutes. I have to correct the record. - We can do that? - Yes, we can. Those minutes are an aide-mémoire for us. They should not be a reductive record of what happened to have been said, but they should be more a full record of what was intended to have been said. In The Loop — http://www.script-o-rama.com/movie_scripts/i/in-the-loop-scr... > it's completely integrated into our days to day production. We depend on it 37signals, and DHH, constantly warn anybody that will listen, that they should not use free products because that "makes them the product" and leaves them at the mercy of an acquisition, or failure, etc. But your comment shows that one can face the same risks with every Saas... Boxed software wasn't all bad! ;-) and open source software that you host yourself isn't bad either! From the description I didn't get what Yobongo does (or did); anyone care to explain? > inbox is a todo list. email is the protocol for putting stuff on it I see these categories of email 1. Email from people you know that you're likely to respond to, and which therefore lead to "conversations" 2. Reminders and "things to do" that you need to act upon; once you have acted upon it you usually update the status of the task by mailing back 3. Read-only email: email sent by corporations that you somehow need to store but that you will never respond to (they often come from aptly-named "no reply" addresses; but mailing lists are part of it too) 4. Random stuff (close to spam, but not really): things you have to read because they may be important, but usually aren't Gmail is optimized for #1 and does a good job at it. Lately it started to address #4 by trying to automatically detect "important" email; in my opinion this doesn't work well, but it could eventually work. AFAIK nobody is seriously trying to solve #2 and #3, and in my experience #3 and #4 cause most of the clutter. Which makes #3 the most urgent problem with the highest ROI. What if you could use a special email address for "read-only email" that would receive #3 mail and deal with it: - organize it automatically by sender (or "topic") and period (not by subject / conversation / date: all my utility bills of one year are ONE object and not a dozen different conversations, for example) - save all attachments (that deserve it) as PDFs - notify you only when necessary (not easy) - etc. I've been toying with mailgun today, and it seems building a first version of this isn't out of reach; I'd be very interested to exchange ideas on this subject. For me, "coffee with Chuck" is #2 rather than #3 and yes, I want it in my inbox (maybe simply stay there until it happens, then archive it automatically). Your other examples are clearly #3... and I don't need to read any of those emails. Amazon confirmation emails are completely useless since Amazon always ships on time; in the exceptional case where a package doesn't arrive, I can go fetch the tracking number somewhere to investigate; but reading these for every package is a waste of time. Mailing lists should go to a special folder labelled "things to read on a rainy day". And finally "crap" is spam, no? - - - What about a service that would let you give a special email address for Amazon confirmation emails, for example, that would receive these emails and index and categorize them. When a package doesn't arrive you go there to look for the tracking number, but only then. Of course you can do that with tags in Gmail. What you can't do in Gmail is to generate a single PDF of all proforma received from a given provider, for example. > 4. You might do something much more interesting with auto-responders. E.g. someone asking for a meeting could be redirected to your calendar to self-serve schedule if they are on your "ok to meet" whitelist. Yes. We already have SIRI, why doesn't this already exist...? It must exist somewhere and we're not aware of it, no? The "button" solution can be cracked by exactly the people you'd rather not send you any email, ever: people who have a lot of time on their hands and can spend a day pressing a button (or, worse, have someone in India pressing the button for them). The cash solution is interesting, but again, do you want only rich people to send you email? I think the prioritization problem is hard because it can only be done by the recipient (not her secretary, not her colleague, not anyone but her). But I also think that people hate to prioritize not because it takes time, but because it's incredibly boring and then stays in your mind (you remember you were bored, and you remember all the useless crap you had to go through). But very important and very busy CEOs still watch TV or go to baseball games, so they do have time left; it's just that they'd rather watch TV than sort through their mail. So the problem becomes: how do we make prioritizing fun? (I have no idea how to answer that question, but rephrasing the problem is a first step). Totally agree. For me it's a way to assess the quality of the website: be wary of websites that complain that emails can't contain a +. If you have your own domain (which I think most people have on HN?) you can use different usernames to the same effect, or a different separator. But even if it worked all the time it's only part of the solution. Thanks for this, zeromail does seem very interesting! The signup for the closed beta is $100 though, which is expensive just to test something. Also, it seems that in order to use it you have to migrate to their service completely, which is a big commitment. Having a service that progressively takes part of your emails would be less aggressive maybe. Would it be possible for you to elaborate on what your email needs are and how they're not met? Would your problems be solved by hiring a personal assistant (a real person)? Then the solution is AI and it's hard. Or do you believe it's impossible for anyone but you to sort through your mail? If that's the case, what we need is to make sorting email "fun" (more enjoyable than TV). We may be looking for the Angry Birds of email. Use "verbatim" under "Search tools". You're right, but there's not much that can be done about it. It's just a fact of life that we have to deal with... and prepare for. For instance, my blog is on Posterous, but with my own domain, so I can migrate to some other service with no visible disruption. You are completely right. The problem is certainly not "fraud monitoring", and it's not a problem specific to Paypal either. The problem is in the attitude. Being French, I'm well-trained in dealing with soulless bureaucracies; but with the French administration (or probably any public administration in most countries) there is always a way to escalate the issue; and if you were right, you very usually win. But these companies are judge, jury, police and executioner. This can't go on forever. I don't care about privacy, but I hate to register and give out my email address if I don't feel it's absolutely necessary to use the product (and if it is, then only if I need the product will I register). I'm not sure why I hate registering so much (yet another password to remember (or the risk of using the same password on all websites)? or is it completely irrational?) -- but I do, and I guess I'm not the only one. > I used to care about that company for some reason That's the strangest part. I never found Yahoo useful for anything (except Douglas Crockford, but he could have been employed anywhere). McDonald's is actually in the information business. It sells information about its food. What people buy when they buy a Big Mac are two things: 1. the actual Big Mac 2. insurance that a Big Mac always tastes like a Big Mac This second thing cannot be bought from a local restaurant not part of a chain. You can't be sure what a random burger will taste like, and you can't esp. be sure it's not going to be awful. That's why more people go to McDonald's than to other restaurants that they don't know: they hate uncertainty and would rather eat something that is consistently average than take a chance every time. This is also known as the "Lemon Effect": http://blog.medusis.com/are-you-a-lemon (shameless plug). I did try that and found it not very consistent; plus you never know when it's going to be discontinued. This is really like the movie Good Morning England: http://www.imdb.fr/title/tt1131729/ in theory as well as in execution. It seems the timeframe is very optimistic (1 year to find a boat and adapt it??) but if it works it will change the world. So? Most of the comments I have read don't dispute the fact that he (may) have committed crimes against UK and/or US laws. The problem is that the UK allows extradition of its own citizens. Of course this is a more general problem than just "copyright" and involves the fact that the UK let itself become some kind of colony of the US (ironically). If an American college student displayed a banner on his website saying "Fuck Iran" (and you don't have to look too far to find such things: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MiedE1CY9I ) would you consider it ok to send him to Iran to be tried there? - - - Additionally, according to the ruling, he did not exactly provide a "cute 'Fuck the Police' banner"; it was a quote from someone else's work: > Also posted on the homepage of this new website was the photograph of a rap music group and the title OF ONE OF THEIR SONGS “Fxck the Police” (capitalization mine). And this is not even what the ruling says; the ruling is quoting the complaint produced by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York . What you have listed in the parent is NOT what the defendant did; they're just allegations from the prosecution, produced in order to obtain his extradition. > In Europe everything is so much simpler. If you are inside UE all you need to show is your ID card and your are set. Simpler than that. Inside the Schengen zone, there are no borders at all; you can travel by car from France to Italy or Germany and back without being stopped anywhere. > Being a really good speaker is not merely orthogonal to having good ideas, but in many ways pushes you in the opposite direction. You didn't say "trying to be a good speaker pushes you in the opposite direction of having good ideas"; you said "being", which implies some kind of essence / gift. You are effectively saying, in this sentence, that the gift of speak hinders one's ability to produce good ideas. I don't know if I'm going to be able to express what I feel but I'll try. YC "bugs" are - startups that are accepted and fail - startups that are rejected and fail, but would have thrived had they been accepted (Of course this last kind of bug is extremely difficult to track down.) But if a startup makes a killing after being rejected by YC it means they didn't need you. If you consider this a bug, there's some kind of moral problem because it means YC is trying to siphon every promising team in order to maximize YC's success, independently of who YC is likely to help more. You're not just betting on horses, you're also training them: it seems what you should want to maximize is YC's impact...? Yes, they're not a charity. They're also not a pension fund. To me they look a little like a prep school (but maybe I'm wrong). The mission of a prep school is to help good students become brilliant; if it becomes stuffed by already brilliant candidates (for example because the admission process is more selective than the admission process of the college it preps for), so much so that there's no place left for second-tier students who would make the most of its teaching, then there's a problem. I'm just wondering if this is something YC worries about or should worry about. > You're considering success or failure as a binary outcome I think that's how it is, yes, and PG seems to have stated as much; in essence, you either die or don't die; if you don't die, the scale of your success depends on a lot of things that are beyond your control. (Actual quote from PG: " The formula for the success of a startup includes a random multiplier of roughly zero to a thousand. " — http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3050280 ) If one subscribes to this point of view then the purpose of YC is to help startups not die, and the purpose of the YC admission process is to 1. select all startups that have a chance of not dying if admitted (eg, refuse startups that don't stand a chance in hell of not dying) 2. if the sample from #1 is too large, reduce it at the low end first (startups that are not very likely to not die) but maybe also at the high end (startups that seem certain to not die no matter what) Maybe reducing the selection from the high end is just plain stupid / counter productive, but if you don't do that, it's not very clear why one would be in this business in the first place (as opposed to other lucrative businesses).