Still don't understand why this site has any respect, they just spammed Google results then locked the answers behind a sign up wall to build their userbase. You know it's bad when Gruber's blog is being held up as a less biased alternative. He's been so soft on them lately on anything except the Watch, even then he's been pretty soft. > The cable bends very unnaturally and is gradually torn from the magnetic connector Same thing happens with the Magsafe anyway, the eco friendly material they decided to use frays too easily. Just means they can't use certain OS X tech like iCloud > when most of their target audience will never even make the thing sweat Really? First thing I thought when I saw it was how cool it would be for 3D sculpting. There are more uses for high end GPUs than gaming. >If they had "offered a touch screen instead", the users would have to hold their hand horizontally which would get tiring in about 5 minutes and unbearable after 10. Works fine for iPad users on the sofa. This is the same logic as "iPhone users only ever use the bundled headphones anyway so why need a jack?" (which also can't be used with the new MBP) > Traditionally, such file managers use function keys for common tasks (eg. copy with F5) On Mac, you have to press Fn to get the function keys, which is very inconvenient or just press cmd+c, easier than reaching to the touch bar. I'd actually say devs (web/mobile) are one of the only professionals served by this laptop. They don't need high powered GPUs. This however is a massive kick in the face to anyone working in design, art, 3D, video editing or effects. The only other professional this seems to target is the professional blogger. What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? > My audio doesn’t work From the article. Not sure why people still pass this around as if it's positive. This reminds me a time when I used to work closely with a development team in a startup, it was very frustrating to work with them because every little modification to things like functionality, Git workflow, Javascript framework and the like would be accompanied with several hours of "dev strategy" and scrum meetings, time that the developers would waste thinking and prototyping new ideas for the tech stack for their managers, I say "waste" because most of the time they would end up with a system similar if not identical to the original. re-branding != a logo. This is like whinging that an entire e-commerce system was just the compiled index.html Someone with nearly 30K followers would feel this way. Can't say I see that much that needs saving as an average user of the service. I'd actually rather it crumble and see what someone more competent can do in the space. Worrying that they outlived displays and Mac Pros Rumours to ATP.fm podcast (very close ties with apple employees) has heard a bunch of stuff including "No one is working on the Mac Pro" >How many Pebbles do you see in the wild? Now, how many Apple Watches do you see? Almost the same number for me. That said I barely see any Apple watches and most people I know who bought them have left them in the bedside drawer long ago Their internal target would have absolutely been "Less than 5mil+ is total failure". Low goal is just good for PR and means you actually get some money rather than none if you fall short of your secret real goal quicksave/quickload encourages bad game design. Look at games with save anywhere abilities that include elements of chance like Skyrim and Fallout. So you are able to pickpocket and use charm in these games but because you can save anywhere does anyone ever live with the chance these things fail? Of course not they just try>reload>try>reload>try>succeed. Making that whole skill set pointless and the mechanic pointless Great example of someone justifying engineer driven design over user driven design. Not understanding at all why it was made that way in the first place. > You can ship a fully compliant USB-C 3.1 cable for probably 40 cents more than a cheap version. It makes no sense to start a rollout this way, especially from a company like Apple You're talking about the company that no longer ships power cables with a little plastic clip to keep them tidy and now sells the extended lead as an extra, both of which have been in every one of their laptop chargers for 15 years+ > and also dabble in cars Nice they get to dabble in cars so a handful of SV/SF CEOs can drive around in a space black siri powered car in a few years. What a worthwhile endeavour. Meanwhile the tool I use all day every day at my job is getting worse and worse and the tipping point where PC maintenance and dealing with Windows is starting to look very inviting to gain access to that raw computing power their platform is failing to provide. > Apple just built a space-age campus as big as a town Wonder how much director time was spent signing off the minutiae of that project VS these so called Pro laptops and the touchbar as a concept over the past 2 years. think people in the industry are just desperate to try and find justification and sanity where there really is none because it makes them feel the whole system is more stable than it truly is. The reality is there is no reason for GitHub to have this much funding and spend so frivolously. This should be a warning. It's not a nightmare scenario, they literally let terrorists use the platform no problem Tired of hearing devs reel off these projects like they actually matter. None of that is user facing, none of that is worth the thousands of employees. Stop looking at everything with dev eyes. Someone will reply to this reeling off things like bootstrap etc as if they actually matter and justify the millions in high expense developers > Or Photoshop Consistent 20-30% processor usage no matter what the processor when not in focus and no files open. Getting tired of people pointing out that "it was never accurate, it doesn't know if you're going to open a game in 20 minutes" as if it's some sort of massive revelation and justifies this move just to make up for their design problems with their latest laptop because the shaped battery didn't work out in time to ship. > if it runs on the GPU It will struggle to function at all seen as no Apple machine ships with a decent CUDA card. > There are flaws that make this model a definite downgrade from previous models Only if you go back to the 5, in form factor/design it's an upgrade in absolutely every way over the abysmal 6-series apart from the headphone jack. Back of the 6 is full of dirty antenna lines, the materials it was made out of look and feel cheap and slippy, the camera wart is just another component stuck to the back. 7 has a premium black option again finally that provides much needed grippyness, camera thought still warty is an equal distance from the edge not lopsided and actually machined out the case, antenna lines are finally almost invisible again. The current Mac Pro is mostly designed to work in studios where everything is on network storage. If you're working on video over the network you can use two ethernet cables for faster network access Just find it utterly surprising anyone is willing to invest time bringing Dropbox products (other than their core storage product) into their workflow considering their track record of killing off even popular products. >Were those not acquisitions that withered as opposed to Dropbox new product ventures? Why on earth should that make any difference to the end user? Bottom line is they shipped them and then canned them. > To be fair a majority of the big technology companies all write their own tooling for many things that already exist because they didn't quite fit the way they needed them Too many engineers syndrome comes to mind too. Great tech, shame about the name Shocked Ash Thorp had anything to do with the remake, thought he understood the original film better than this. Taking his self initiated GITS project into consideration. >please recognize the determination it takes to make it that far. Why do you say this? Isn't it more likely that many women prefer to take on the role of a mother, and if they've been in a high paid engineering position they likely have a partner who can provide for both of them while they raise children. Slaving away at an engineering career doesn't seem all that appealing after you've had the rewarding experience of raising your children. > So, Facebook’s argument is essentially that because there are not as many women in higher-ranked engineering roles, their code is subject to more scrutiny. But it’s problematic that women, which only make up 17 percent of Facebook’s technical department, are not in higher-ranking roles Think it's time SV faced up to the fact it needs affirmative action for engineers who identify as women. This problem isn't going away, anonymised code reviews would be beneficial too to fight male managers in-built prejudices. Remember when people kept claiming Facebook buying Instagram wasn't a bad thing because "they're not ruining it" "They're just leaving it as the same old Instagram". Why not sell your data to actual public transport to make their systems better? Why must startups keep reinventing busses (without the poor people) There is a reason installations list the materials they're made of in the title card. Take a work like Love Remembered [1] this could have been easily created using actual pills but making the piece with actual pills is a completely different work of art than painstakingly sculpturing a representation of real pills. The same way Crematorium [2] could have been recreated using sculptured cigarette butts and a synthetic smoke smell but it wouldn't be the same experience as walking up to the piece and about a meter or so away the stale stench of smoke hits you (the piece genuinely reeks) and knowing that it's real stale cigarettes. [1] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS6220DtlL1_77... [2] http://www.damienhirst.com/images/hirstimage/DHS469rt1_771_0... Think this is only one side of the story though, what about people who had worked there just doing their job and you're being told there is something wrong with your culture and this person is being brought in to fix it. It's a big company the whole thing can't just be a frat house there must at least be some percentage of decent people trying to do a job that are now being told there is something wrong with them. (Not to mention the whole idea of a remote worker involved in any sort of culture change is utterly absurd) To me you're all arguing about the wrong issue. Some data scientist made a small survey faux pas, and now they're being called out in a lengthy blogpost about how bad and un-inclusive the company was to work for. How can anyone work with this person without feeling like they're standing on eggshells? How must the woman who wrote the survey who was just doing her job feel today if she reads this? Disappoints me that major creative tools for VR are mostly being pushed out by the likes of Google and FB who are extremely likely to drop the projects within the next 2 years as their objectives shift because they're not creative tools companies. Would be much happier if some indie devs took up this space. > they felt perfectly justified in escalating the situation So they should have been, being accused of transphobia is a serious accusation. Anyone accused of anything like transphobia, homophobia, islamaphobia or any other of these discriminations is absolutely right to escalate the matter straight away to their manager or HR. > The data scientist was not even named She was gendered, how many data scientists work at GH? How many are female? She was narrowed down enough that she may as well have been named IMHO and transphobic is a serious mark on her character. Especially from someone who has tried to push people off projects before for being transphobic. This seems like a petty thing to complain about to me considering how excellent the tech is and how it makes interactive graphics attainable for so many people. Babies are not born with beliefs they can't change. But they are born with a race they can't change. It's not the same. TIL being Chinese isn't an objective fact it's something you can stop being true if raised in the right society. By this logic white people raised in certain parts of America are African Americans. Worst thing Twitter ever did was teach you what people you once respected are really like. Can't believe I ever looked up to him. > The Anarchist Cookbook I remember this being passed around between kids in the computer science lab on a floppy disk when I was about 13. Shocked that the idea startup people can “save the world” is still going strong in Q4 2027 Would have hoped the last year would have shook you all to your senses > and learning the unspoken rules around how to hire guys on a street-corner is not something I'm interested in. Classic SV/SF “I want this service, without having to interact with poor people” next step up from bus as a startup laundry delivery as a startup etc Actual abusive content or just abusive content Reddit staff dislike? Some bullying subs have been rightly banned but major ones like /r/cringe /r/srs and /r/cringeanarchy remain. I’ve never seen them on pro either. Maybe there is an option to turn them off on install that everyone but me missed. So just like the most popular ARM computer on the planet then… This is the norm for ARM, as much as we don’t like it and it will be the same when Apple eventually ships an arm laptop. >A clever CEO would have rolled out an optional new game mode built around Wilson Boxes, waited until players were used to the idea, and then tried to encourage players to engage with this new mode of play by quietly neglecting the original mode and focusing their free content updates on the mode driven by Wilson Boxes. That would be scummy and money-grubbing, but it would at least be the cunning form of scummy money-grubbing. GTA 5 comes to mind, single player has nothing to do once the main quest is over and unless they fixed in the car spawning uses a seed based on mission completion (I suspect) so it gets stuck spawning the same 3 bad cars over and over. No DLCs no extra missions no nothing but cosmetics and events for GTA:O and funnily enough this range is one of the less ridiculous looking ones. The non-Founders Edition cards all look even more like glowing kids toys. Wish they'd ship the a version of the GTX line with the design language of the more boxy looking Quadro cards (M4000 etc). I know some people are happy about this happening because currently the demonetisation matches their own beliefs/politics/dislikes. What happens though if this is outsourced out from Americans doing the moderation to cheap labour in other nations that don't share your beliefs or politics. If one thing is clear it's that we need competition in this space. If it wasn't video games it would be something else. I just can't really fathom what sort of user needs this much (supposed) power today but is willing to have it locked down unable to add more power at a later date. https://blog.prototypr.io/google-and-the-resurgence-of-itali... this article might help you understand what they're trying to achieve Not to mention Apple is trying to move away from OpenCL so GPU renderers will all need to be re-written in Metal to truly take advantage of OS X. This machine only serves rich youtubers who use Final Cut Pro. > not even Apple goes this low. Apple goes just as low, OS X asks me every day to update to High Sierra and the option is only "Later" and it can't be swiped away quickly like a normal notification. I ran an iPhone 4 for until the iPhone 7 launch, I used to keep it on iOS7 because after iOS4 rendered my 3G unusable I knew to no longer update. Every single morning it would ask me to update, which I had to carefully dismiss. It would always download the update filling up my phone to the brim which I would have to then manually delete. If my phone was full it would give me another option offering to temporarily delete apps (Which it claimed would have data restored from iCloud but I knew they would not). My Mothers iPad auto-updated locking her out of her painting app (Brushes, as used by David Hockney), I had to use a dodgy 3rd party app to extract her documents or they'd be lost for good. At least Microsoft gives you options to downgrade and supports old OSes, unlike Apple who stops handing out the encryption keys. Actually met my oldest friend on ICQ random chat. Lost touch with everyone from High School, University but still chat to him most days and visit when we're in the same country. Maybe there is hope for it. Sorry I meant 4S, which supports up to OS 9. I notice a lot of Apple users who update devices and OS religiously get defensive as if this stuff doesn't happen. I encourage them to try to live behind updates for once and see how bad the user experience can get. > what is holding Apple back? If you worked at Apple would you want to be working on Apple Maps? I just doubt any of the core talents in Apple are interested in it at all, it's not what the company is known for. At least a laptop can become more, the opportunity to delve deeper in the system or learn how to code your own applications is always there if the curiosity should ever arise. Tablets on the other hand... literally just consumption devices, even creative applications in them are locked up and siloed unable to inter-operate. I don't think we can really compare 3 years to the 15 years Duke Nukem Forever was in development for. If we're talking videogames plenty of games have 3 year development periods. I definitely feel this is more about getting devs who make pro apps on the Mac to start shipping iPad (Pro) versions. Tim Cook still believes iPads are the future of computing, literally "Post-PC" to quote their recent advert. Yet very few people are making serious productivity apps for the iPad Pro. > Imagine if all new software created was immediately available on iPad Alternatively imagine if all new Macs were created with touch screens and pen input like all new Microsoft machines are. Wonder what 4chan users actually think about their platform, wouldn't be shocked if they feel the same way the article writer does about Mastodon. I mean there has to be some reason people spend their time there. I understand the security benefits but I can't help but just look at this as yet another piece of disposability on an already very "disposable" piece of 5K+ (starting) hardware. How many iPhones are now in landfills because you couldn't downgrade the OS to an old version that would be usable. Wouldn't be so sure considering the sort of machines people are building would slot into the iMac Pro slot in their lineup in terms of power. Of course they wont care about $400 hackintoshes but if people are putting together $2K - $3.5 ones it starts to look more in the ballpark of a lost iMac or iMac Pro sale. Considering they identified one of the issues as designing themselves into a thermal corner and the next thing they do is design the iMac Pro with extreme thermal constraints too I'd be skeptical if they had learnt anything. Modern Apple doesn't backtrack lightly, just look how they're still pushing the butterfly keyboard despite it being breakable with single specks of dust. >They should admit that they produced shit and start talking to their customers and show that they care. Someone correct me if I'm wrong but isn't almost every modern CPU vulnerable in some way with Spectre? If so isn't every modern CPU manufacturer "producing shit" in your eyes? Not everyone who is capable of becoming an engineer sees it as something they actually want to spend their lives doing but the skills children develop with toys like Technic are still valuable and have applications beyond just engineering. >I agree that I rather hand my kids a tablet or smartphone then putting them in front of a TV or game console. Is an actual computer not an option? Is an (Android or Apple) tablet a computer though? I went through similar turmoil pricing out dodgy eGPU builds to do CUDA on my Mac. Eventually I realised it wasn't worth it and I may as well just build a PC with the ability to add more GPUs down the line. It was definitely the right decision, sucks they I had to move that part of my work away from MacOS but if Apple isn't interested in seriously supporting this work then why bother (This was long before the iMac pro was even announced and my current build outperforms it for less than half the price). The message from Apple is clear, this is not the platform if you are interested in working on the cutting edge. > I was checking out the Vive because everyone seems to be using it for development Not everyone, and the Rift is at a bargain price now. I was blown away with the Rift experience and quality of the product, definitely worth the asking price. Maybe more Outsider Art Blew my mind as a kid when I didn't really understand the skybox but I think I left one of the 4 armed guys in that area on the map and when I went into the level he was towering over the level like a giant. I thought the iPhone X did this (I haven't used one) but after looking it up it's just a video file [0] [0] http://universaleverything.com/projects/iphone-x-wallpapers/ My understanding is CES is a big deal for retail buyers. > But the updates are forced, so that fucks you over as a user Linux is the only modern OS that doesn't do this, all OS updates are forced it's just some are forced more gently than others. I have to postpone the the OS X update dialog daily and the iOS one about once a week. This has to be done carefully because if I press the wrong option it'll update itself in the middle of the night. Same could be said for Macs in movies and TV in the 90s > Oculus should put games on the back burner To be fair Oculus are one of the ones in the industry looking beyond games. Look at Oculus Medium[1], it makes something that was extremely fiddly and required hours of practice into something instantly intuitive. I don't actually think VR will hit the mainstream, work like spreadsheets just don't benefit much from being in 3D space. The true magic of VR is the hand tracking, being able to interact with computing with both hands in 3D space. Definitely feel VR will find it's workplace niche in the creative space rather than standard office work. Worth mentioning too that games are an innovation driver, so don't discount them so fast. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m1Jm_Osxls You're not locked into their service at all, you can use Steam VR content on it and you can run arbitrary .exes on it. It's less of a walled garden than tablets, smartphones or consoles which almost everyone just seems fine with. The Venus image was one of the ones bundled with Deluxe Paint, Just seems he's duplicated the eye. Feels we might be attributing a mistake as a conscious piece of art. Why even leave the house then if your life is so terror filled? It's a concert not a war zone. Why even let them leave the house if the world is such a horrible and dangerous place. Seems like bad parenting if you're knowingly putting in situations where such horrors exist that they'd need to escape them. I built a Windows machine for 3D work and VR just over a year ago, after being a Mac only user for 15+ years. Honestly my Win 10 experience has been the total opposite, it's been stable, fast, minimum update nagging. Overall I've actually been shocked how stable and hassle free the experience has been. Maybe I just got lucky with the right combination of hardware. > Apple refuses to support anything else than Apple Music I was pretty appalled when I installed the first version of OS X with Siri and then the first thing I did was ask it to play a song from my iTunes Matched iTunes library and it had no idea what I was talking about because the artist (Kanye) wasn't on Apple Music. My iPhone 4S I was using at the time could do this feat just fine but the so called latest and greatest can't manage it because Apple wants to force Apple Music on me. I disabled Siri a few moments after this. > but it is also a way bring new users into the Mac ecosystem Does Apple want new users in the Mac ecosystem? I thought Tim Cook's future was "Post-PC" Maybe it's just the mishmash of corporate speak but that statement says the exact opposite to me. Think my point is more what would Tim Cook say if he didn't care about the Mac Mini at all going forward? I feel it would be similar to that statement. It hasn't been updated in 3 years and the phrasing he used didn't mention "future" just "an important part of our product line going forward." which is pretty non-committal IMHO In the UK the police can knock on your door for an offensive Tweet. If what happens on the internet has such serious implications then so should abusing power on the internet like this. The author mentions the "Squircle" but doesn't mention the actual reason this has made an appearance in iOS. Apples Industrial Designers use this shape for corners on their laptops because the reflection is creates is a smooth gradient across the entire curve of the laptop, if you use a basic bevel it creates an ugly hard shine. So the reason this has moved to iOS is because the ID team and Ive have much more influence there than they did in the early iOS days. As for the notch and the screen edges my personal belief is this is all down to industrial designer bravado. The brief for the iPhone X is "Equal margins on all edges at any cost" this is why Touch ID had to go and they justify the notch because to the left and right of it there is a margin to the device edge that is equal to the bottom and the sides of the device so in the Industrial Designers eyes they have achieved the perfect symmetrical device (Look at Apples recent laptops to see how much emphasis the current put on symmetry above all else). My theory is the ID team at Apple would look at the "edgeless" Galaxy S8 screen and scoff that it's not truly edgeless because the margins are uneven. In Apples industrial design team's eyes these phones have uneven margins so are failed designs. Even though the margins on the X are sleight of hand because of the notch, they still believe this is a truly edgeless phone and by looking at the object it's pretty obvious the brief was equal margins on all sides at any cost. What's the issue with people making their own space look like Geocities if it's what makes them happy and is how they want to express themselves. Would also like to point out that customisation on MySpace is probably responsible for a whole generation of not only developers but non-tech focused people learning how to code. Met a lot of artists and designers who now work on the internet who MySpace was the starting point. I have a theory that the current generation growing up with their young artists only working through streaming platforms are going to have a tough time in 20 years reliving songs they loved of their youth because the streaming platforms they listened to them on will be long dead and no one bothered pirating it and sharing it. Case in point it's super easy for me to find discogs of even unusual artists I grew up with on torrent sites. But if I search for artists mentioned a lot in the indie music press today I really struggle to find anything on the torrent sites. I don't trust corporations to look after their own cultural artefacts. Karagarga is a beautiful example, passionate individuals will mash together video from one movie release, audio from another and subtitles from another to create a competent release of a film because no perfect copy exists. They'll do it purely for their love of the source material. Think it's interesting how angry website miners make people vs just a banner ad also consuming your entire CPU. Definitely feel it has an element of Bitcoin FOMO to it. The idea someone used their CPU could get rich off it angers people more than just a badly coded ad using the same amount of CPU. (Not saying the anger isn't justified, purely an observation when really the power wastage is the same) > This "over-engineering" is happening all over Google products This is absolutely a thing at Google IMHO. Remember the last major version of Google Maps, ran silky smooth on low end hardware, searches went where you expected, in and out no problem. Then someone decided to try for glory and improve on perfection by re-engineering the entire thing. Now it sets the fans off in my macbook within a few seconds of appearing and they run for the duration, searches zoom out and show results 5 miles away on the other side of the major city I live in when I just want to see restaurants or coffee shops near me, constant back and forth jank from result lists to items. Went from an app that was a complete joy to use to something I dread to interact with. Would Apple still even bother to sell the Watch if they had the Apple ideal version of AR glasses. If your PC is on and your Rift connected you don't need to touch anything it detects when you put it on and throws you right into the menu we're talking about 5 seconds from it detecting you're putting it on to hitting the menu. Honestly have massive respect for the Oculus team and their user experience, if I had to boot up Steam every time I used VR it would start to fall into more of a chore. I definitely see value in stand alone devices for these reasons and for the casual users, but I do also see value in having top end PC power in a tethered device for creatives and serious gaming. Pintrest spams Image Search results with bogus results and uses them as the top of their funnel. You click a Pintrest image unsuspectingly, Pintrest takes you to a vaguely relevant board the image is contained on, but you can't get to the image because a signup lightbox blocks the content. This has wider implications because using reverse image search wont point you to the original images either anymore it'll mostly point to Pintrest results and therefore Pintrests signup form. They are, XDA keycap form factor is from a Chinese factory IIRC and is kinda derivative of DSA caps which comes out of Signature Plastics. Seems to be quality issues with every XDA run so far though. Keyboard fanatics drop a good amount of money on these sets so quality is extremely important in such a small and passionate market. > some software is just better constructed Exactly, TextMate and Sublime Text are both around 35 meg and both are close to feature parity for with Atom. It's only this more recent breed of software that is so absurdly bloated. Is the iMac popular? You struggle to find a 5K display outside that one machine that Apple doesn't seem all that fussed about compared to their laptop and iOS offerings. > essentially bricking It's not bricked, bricking means it's as useful as a brick as in the actual firmware is corrupted beyond repair. > I see the exclusives as a negative Would anyone with a straight face say the same about Nintendo's exclusives? I don't see anyone else in the market funding great things like Medium, Quil, Lone Echo, Robo Recall. Feels it's just cutting off your nose to spite your face to complain about this. It also has exclusives, Fallout VR for instance. > where you play the part of a deranged mass shooter killing random people on a train platform It's robots[0] not "random people", but yeah lets not let facts get in the way of your editorialising. [0] https://www.geeky-gadgets.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/Bul... If you haven't played Lone Echo yet, then please play Lone Echo. You honestly wont regret it. Definitely still think it's niche for now but the more polished experiences are starting to trickle out. I went from the Amiga 500 to a 486, yeah Doom and Wolf3D were very impressive in terms of graphical detail but some little known gems on the Amiga really pushed boundaries in scale that wouldn't really be repeated till the likes of GTA 3 or Daggerfall "Hunter"[1] which was flat shaded 3D, had a very large play area of multiple islands and had multiple drivable vehicles, you could ride bikes, row boats, gunboats, jeeps, tanks, helicopters, surf boards, hovercrafts. All on an Amiga 500, all on 1 floppy disk. "Mercenary 3" [2] also flat shaded, had a fully simulated solar system with day/night cycles. You could go in buildings, go in taxis, get on a space ship fly up to orbit, go to another planet, land in the city go in a building. The scale of this game is insane for the time. [1] https://i.ytimg.com/vi/MzByYlnvaN0/hqdefault.jpg [2] https://www.myabandonware.com/media/screenshots/m/mercenary-... Not to mention they all last forever. Might be daunting building up your spice rack and sauces for someone new to cooking but really the investment is like $50 tops to cover most cuisines and lasts 2-4 years. Been saying this myself for a while now and reporting Pintrest links when I can be bothered. Complete abuse of the system to use it as the top of their funnel and as usual people who advocate the service don't even realise it's doing this awful behaviour. Would be good if the UK government can tell us where the line is. I don't recall the Monty Python team being arrested for their ridicule of the Nazis or Prince Harry being arrested for dressing up as a Nazi for fancy dress. If we're going to arrest people for comedy then maybe perhaps actually show where exactly the line is so comedians know how much Nazi ridicule they can actually do without being arrested. Or... you know don't arrest people for bad taste jokes. Can't shake the feeling weed gets different rules just because /r/trees is a big part of the culture on the more "wholesome" side of Reddit that they prefer to promote. No idea why Cook feels the need to comment on any of this, just seems like virtue signalling really. >Tim Cook said if his company wanted, it could treat customers like a product and monetize from it Could they? I mean the fact every move into social or advertising has failed for Apple says otherwise. Don't think anyone who moved would be wanting to move back just because Apple now supports a GPU dongle. At that point why not just use a laptop? You're carrying around an iPad, some way to stand it up, a USB keyboard and a dongle. Just seems to be getting a little silly imho the amount of cruft people are willing to carry around to try and fulfil Tim's vision that the iPad is a laptop replacement. With all these downsides to keyboard input on the platform and wanting to use Emacs, I'm just curious what do you actually like about working on the iPad over something like a Macbook, Surface or the small MBP? I'm not too worried about Marzipan in the short term, I'm thinking the goal of that project might be to get devs who make pro apps on the mac side work on a codebase that they could easily port over to the iPad side seen as the iPad Pro is seriously lacking in app support compared to the Mac, because it's unprofitable to maintain them. In the long term this is a play to push Cook's iPad Pro post-pc idea, yet again... >this essentially kills the professional mac workstation as a viable product going forward? Some would argue it's already been dead for a long time. I'm seeing less and less directors and artists using Macs for their workstations when it was close to 100% about 10 years ago. They just didn't supply a competitive workstation machine for so long that many were forced to move to windows if they wanted power. I don't know a 3D artist anymore who isn't doing all their rendering through multiple Nvidia GPUs in a tower PC. The iMac Pro has only been out for a few weeks after years of neglect and I'd struggle to recommend it to anyone at that price point. (Ironically many I know still use a Mac laptop but it's relegated purely to office/email/slack/web tasks that back in the day we'd associate with Windows machines, not the actual creative work) It's been a while now but wasn't Digg killed off by an overly flashy and slow JS heavy redesign. Maybe it's so long ago that few of the people in charge at Reddit even remember this is what made their site. The trend I see lately is something I think of as dropoff panic. By staring at metrics too much PMs get worried about dropoff and start to focus their efforts on lubricating onboarding to such an extent in the hopes of preventing dropoff. This results in the sort of dark patterns you see on Pintrest's signup and the overall dumbing down of everything into samey "friendly" interfaces that all feel like Facebook. You manage to capture more of the casual users for the sort term by doing this, although they'll likely dropoff eventually. But this is done at the expense of your hardcore users who fell in love with your app/site/game despite the learning curve or dense interface. Too much effort is placed on trying to capture a very low quality of user that likely wont engage anyway. >Reddit was already an increasingly serious competitor when then the redesign killed Digg. Isn't it pretty well known that at that point a lot of the user activity was being faked by the Reddit team? > Had Valve really thrown their weight behind it Is Valve as a company actually ever capable of throwing it's weight behind anything? They had VR handed to them on a plate and all they've managed to ship is a tech demo. Almost feels like all these projects that should be major for them are treated like side projects. I know people still have a lot of love for the games they released 13 years ago but for me I've learned to accept that Valve today isn't what Valve back then was. >We'd have an open handheld platform for indie games. Nintendo is the last company in the world that would be interested in this. They're not in the hardware business to sell other peoples software, they're in it to build a platform for their own software. Nintendo platforms could literally ship with zero third party support and people would still buy them. Heck most casual gamers I know who bought Wii and Switch don't even own third party games at all, just Nintendo. > Voat is Reddit's "recycle bin." I definitely agree, but I also remember how Reddit was considered the dumping ground for users banned on Digg and content that wasn't good enough for Digg. Today unpleasant content probably makes up a large percentage of Voat traffic. But if a few big subreddits moved over that percentage would be dwarfed and suddenly it's no longer a Recycle Bin. My argument isn't that their (almost) monopoly on PC games sales allow them to print money. My point is they're not the visionary games and hardware company that most of their cheerleading fans think they are. They're just an online store, and for people like myself who grew up on Half Life it's a sad realisation. It goes both ways, YouTube willingly starts business agreements with these people and makes money off their content. You can't act shocked and surprised if a mentally ill person snaps when you've been happily profit sharing that mentally ill persons content and then change the deal. YouTube/Google likes to think these relationships are all one way and not think about the consequences of their choices and algorithms on peoples lives. I'm actually surprised it took this long for this to happen, it was a morbid inevitability in my eyes. If YouTube/Google can't understand when money is involved actions have consequences then maybe the whole partner program should be scrapped. It's not, but the software and hardware stack means a single human in a bedroom can create this instead of a small room of illustrators and keyframe artists in America and a large room of inbetweeners in Korea. If neural network voice generation tech gets democratised in the next few years too then you could even be pushing out video content too as an entirely different personality than your actual self. Give up the only usable trackpad if you move away. Endure an objectively terrible keyboard with a massive failure rate if you stay. (Ironically my £3K touchbar MBP return key failed to register a press right on cue when typing this comment) Found the choice of mirror material awful, looks like the surface of a child's plastic play mirror you'd find in a dollar store. I waited and waited and waited. I liked the design of the Trashcan but by the time I could afford one it was woefully out of date and I needed Nvidia GPUs for the rendering engine I wanted to use. In the end I moved my creative work over to PC and currently run a nice compact mATX PC built for GPU computing with two 1080Tis. Still cost me less than half the eventual iMac Pro and presumably this Mac Pro. If this had been released a few years back maybe I'd never have moved to PC but at this stage they'll have to be still supporting the new Mac Pro in 3 years before I even consider moving back at this point. Been a Mac only user for 15 years now, I didn't move away lightly, but now I've switched it'll be hard to convince me back. A lot of the Mac faithfuls point to ECC and Xeon to defend the price of the entry level iMac Pro. Yet every single one of them I follow has used only MacBook Pros for the last 5 years or so which obviously don't have ECC so yeah I feel the importance of it is overstated. >MacBook Pros haven't changed much since 2012 I use the pre-usb-c one at home and the post-usb-c one at work. They feel like completely different machines by different companies. I’d by my home machine again in a heartbeat. But I’d never spend my own money on one of those usb-c butterfly keyboard MacBook pros... >I don't think YT and FB are sad about losing those types of "creators". Hardly think YouTube is really in a position to be held up as an example of good taste or quality considering the sort of content they've been peddling to kids the past few years until very recently. >go back to building things that we want to use ourselves. Isn't this exactly what Gab is though? It was built from the ground up to house a very specific type of content being banned on Twitter. We might not agree with what they're doing or who uses it but it is exactly an example of a developer scratching their own itch. Don't they burn completely different amounts of calories a day as a baseline? I mean I'd change jobs for a 20% difference in salary so yeah I do consider them "completely different". I find this even more despicable because Apple chooses to use a certain type of rubber under the guise of it being more eco-friendly. Yet this rubber is ridiculously brittle and frays almost without fail within 6-12 months meaning you just end up having to by more cables thus using more of the worlds resources anyway than if they had shipped you one cable that didn't fail. My 17 year old Ti Powerbook cable used daily for 11 years, no fray. My original iPod cable, no fray. My iPhone 3G cable, no fray. My iPhone 4S cable, 5 years use daily, no fray. Change happened somewhere here, newer cables are more matte and softer feeling My iPhone 7 cable, frayed within 6 months My 2014 MBP cable, frayed within 12 months Replacement cable, frayed within 12 months > There’s nothing stopping you from keeping your machine running the same version of the OS you’re on now Only if you're ok with dismissing an update dialog though a drop down every single day. The only options are "Install Now", "Later" (install automatically tonight), "Remind me tomorrow". Never understood the logic of a privacy focused app asking for a phone number at all, let alone requiring one. Really not a fan of how the phone app store market has normalised this. > Never understood the rationale behind open floor offices. You can have an appealing environment to work in for 5-15 and within the same space scale that up all the way to an 80 person battery farm office without spending any more money. >Can they make 500 million people not look at cat-videos for 2 months? We can pretend YouTube is just a twee place to watch cat videos like it was 12 years ago or we can actually realise that the network has evolved over time and people actually go there now to watch personalities not just funny home videos. I feel YouTube creators might be surprised with just how much power they wield if they did move to another platform en masse. This is so disappointing to hear what I've suspected for a while. I'm a huge fan of OS X but was recently forced to move my creative work to Windows for GPU power and affordable CPU power, and honestly I've found it good enough to work with but I still do miss having Terminal and Finder. As much as I used to love Apple hardware I could honestly just do without it these days with their laptops getting worse and their pro line being a choice between M.I.A and a disposable workstation. The only thing I'll miss is OS X. This is looking at humour in a very one dimensional and puritanical manner. Comedy, like art we can't just point at the subject matter and shake our heads that it's distasteful and dismiss the whole work. Some of the most highly regarded comedy ever made has used subject matter that is tragic or horrifying, any comedy around Nazis for which there are countless examples and the work of Chris Morris (Brasseye, Jam, Four Lions) come to mind. Even by London prices that's utterly absurd, you can get an entire one bed flat for yourself for £1000 and I don't even mean having to move far out I'm talking walking distance of shoreditch. Wouldn't wish flatsharing """co-living""" on anyone, what a nightmare. Was given one of these at work, the keyboard started failing within a week of taking it out of the box, some of my keys click much louder than others. My - key has been stuck twice while editing this comment, my ISO enter key has a dead zone and has failed to click once while typing this comment. This machine isn't even 6 months old and it feels rickety and unreliable because of this design disaster of a keyboard, I wish I was over-reacting. I will not be buying another Apple machine until this keyboard is reverted, I can't imagine dropping thousands of my own money and having such an unreliable janky input device. Thing is, this is actually dust. It's just a single speck of dust is enough to mess up these mechanisms because they're so delicate. This would be less of an issue if you could pop the keys off, but again the mechanism is so delicate popping a key off is enough to irreparably destroy the mechanism in most cases. > MacBook Pro from late 2013 is just as difficult to repair, only cheaper because they don’t have touch bar Nope not true at all, the 2013 has a user serviceable keyboard, removing a keycap wont destroy the mechanism like it does on the USB-C MBP. > change the key styling and eventually will be touch only with haptic feedback Seen a lot of Apply apologists super happy about this idea as a sell of "increased reliability because there are less moving parts" when the 2012 model keyboard had zero reliability problems from their moving parts it's only the "butterfly" switch that has reliability problems. Boggles the mind... The real question here is would he consider this outcome a failure? What were the design goals of that MBP? Looking at it with an industrial designer eye I feel "symmetry" and "thinness" were higher up the list of requirements than "a good keyboard". Really think the industrial design team at Oculus are outstanding, I was blown away with how nice my Rift headset looks, feels and how well considered each device is. This is before I get into the Touch controllers which become invisible the fit so naturally to your hand. Really like the design of the Go too but wont be buying one because for me the hand presence is what makes VR. >I doubt this device improves on that – if anything it will probably be worse. It's actually higher resolution than the Rift. If your PC has the specs to handle the Rift you're doing yourself a disservice not to buy one at the new reduced price. I bought one on a whim and expected it to be interesting but I was completely blown away and use it almost every night. The Go isn't really the same experience because it doesn't track head position or hand position. Surprised more haven't noticed how symmetry had become one of the guiding principles behind all Apple industrial design of recent years. This ideology has damaged things that used to work fine like the keyboard arrow keys just for the hope of symmetry as visual harmony. > They don't burn cash on new ideas just because they can How much was spent on Project Titan (The car)? Other franchises exist than Marvel and Star Wars, vote with you wallet rather than just wishing that Disney didn't own it. Genesis was pretty good on 486 with Genecyst but certainly not SNES. As a Mac user in the Pro market this is what I currently admire about MS over Apple. MS genuinely seems to be trying hard to scratch the itches of people in the workplace and more importantly sticking with it while Apple couldn't even commit correctly to a screenless pro desktop. So many people in the Apple circles made fun of the Surface line, but look at Apple now the iPad Pro with it's keyboard and pen is a direct response and attempt to imitate that niche MS worked hard to carve. Definitely got my eyes on Surface line with how bad my experience with the USB-C MBP has been, 6 months in both my command key and return key are screwed. 3D artists/motion graphics/video editors do. Check out Octane Render, Redshift, Realflow, After Effects, Premier etc for use cases. My point was it's not "0%"... Users exist. Regular iMacs are jet engine loud once you throw any CPU or GPU load at them. I think the iMac Pro is much better in this regard but it's not sustainable as a workstation machine. The world is in need of a good computer company that actually cares about computers and wont get distracted by devices, TV shows and definitely not cars. As much as I absolutely love the work of Bret Victor, Processing actually shipped and is teaching people every day how to code. Although he's achieved a massive amount of research in the field, I'm still waiting for absolutely any of it to ship into systems and actually teach people. Not everything has to have an impact as grand as cure cancer to make peoples day to day lives better. It's not just milking, it seems they have actual contempt for the existing fan base to the franchise and trying to dismantle the foundation piece by piece in the worst way possible while simultaneously trying to build their own thing on top. I'm not a Star Wars fan (Episode 1 killed it for me), but watching this from the sideline has been nothing short of bizarre to me. I'm in the same boat, my so called Pro machine the USB-C 2017 MBP has had glitching out completely unusable rendering on the latest version of Illustrator since October 2017. Adobe blame Apple, presumably Apple blame Adobe because neither of them are fixing it. As if my deteriorating keys on this machine were not bad enough. This wasn't a good WWDC for me. My PC is working great despite being an obscure setup with mismatched GPUs, can't say I understand why the graphic designer workhorse machine MBP is unusable with Illustrator and that is working just fine.. Safari has a button that opens the OS share dialog. To be fair it never made any sense digging around a webpage for a like/tweet button to share something anyway. It's not one party, they just said share buttons so that would include Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, Pintrest, etc Oculus Medium truly blew me away, I've tried sculpting in the likes of Zbrush, Mudbox etc before and it's never really clicked. But being able to actually use your hands in 3D space with Medium is probably one of the most magical computing experiences I've had since first touching an iPhone. Highly recommend people giving it a go if you get a chance. You need a sculpting app that uses voxels to do that in a way that feels effortless, check out 3D Coat or Oculus Medium. This idea reminds me of an installation by Julian Charrière I saw http://julian-charriere.net/projects/tropisme My timeline would be so much healthier if Twitter put me in charge of who shows up in it. After Google killed Reader I was forced to follow all the people who used to blog to keep up with their professional work. But especially in the last 3 years Twitter feeds have all come with a large side order of political hot takes that I have zero interest in sitting through. To counteract this I have an extensive word blocklist and turn off retweets on many people so my Twitter can remain about the work of interesting people in my industry and not just an open sewer of politics. Twitters insistence to show me posts that people I follow liked or engaged highly with bypasses all this. the last update to it (3 years ago) was borderline insulting, the model before had a removable base where you could upgrade the ram yourself. The last update they did placed a metal sheet in this area. https://i.imgur.com/TXocZ4d.jpg It's main feature is it actually feels and behaves like an OS X app. Obviously for many people this really doesn't matter but a niche of people this is a huge advantage. > Game developers are pulling back from VR Some are, others are going all in and it's just getting good. Compare Lone Echo to launch experiences, it's a completely different experience. Not to mention Fallout VR and Skyrim VR launched this year. > The VR virtual worlds are a disaster Go on YouTube and search for VR Chat, check out the number of videos and view counts. VR Might not be mainstream yet and I don't believe it will be until stand alone headsets drop but it's naive to write it off just yet. >Why do you think that is an indicator of success? Because this is what people in the video game industry are literally looking at as a gauge of success. Just look how much they court youtubers and streamers. Games are literally built around them in 2018. (Note, I don’t like that this is true but the sad fact is that it is true) I wonder if it’s less having to pull them and more providing the raft so they can jump. Youtubers rarely have good things to say about the platform anymore. For traditional media yes, but for influencers it fits their face and the product just fine and landscape is actually a waste. A sad reality. IRC proves that having a barrier to entry can be a beautiful thing in some cases. I hang about in an IRC channel with less than 10 active users, still more valuable than any Slack channel I lurk in with hundreds. Have you tried to use one of these old devices they claim to support? Apple journalists don't and happily chime on about how great it is without understanding the realities. > Microsoft Surface Bluetooth mouse and keyboard don't work anymore after an idle period of maybe 10 minutes Go into device manager and disable their power saving settings. I had disconnection issues once or twice a week with my MS Designer Mouse and this fixed it. I use the 2012 at home and the 2017 at work. Think I actually prefer it heavier but maybe it's because I also respect my 2012 more after growing to hate my 2017 with 5 stuck keys and return key deadzone so look at this supposed flaw as wanted power and sturdiness rather than unwanted weight. Plus the lightness is offset by having to carry a dongle and them only shipping the bulky powercord not the short cord in the 2017 which I found an insultingly stingy gesture for a nearly 3K machine. Is this slight advantage worth compromising the machines main input device for? Still a dongle on every desk of my office, how many years has this thing been USB-C only now... > why would a child want to code a website Noticed this a lot when engineers try to teach their children coding, far too much time spent trying to teach what they view as the correct way to do things or correct thing to learn. e.g seen several articles that opened on trying to teach them to set up git and a command line environment. I think there is more value in trying to teach them to make something that is more understandable to their world and allows for creativity and therefore a self-learning reinforcement loop to begin. This is why more interactive things like games work so well for this. It's a huge achievement that an 11 year old could complete the courses detailed in the article, but I'm interested if they can go on to take those learnings and initiate their own project. Which is something you definitely see from kids who learnt to code through the likes of Flash or game engines. If you're thinking AR (Glass wasn't AR really) then Leap are apparently open sourcing their development rig http://blog.leapmotion.com/north-star-open-source/ Can't vouch for it because I haven't dug in yet. Anyone who has used every version of OSX will tell you it's not a myth. Although I agree it is mostly remembered because Lion was such an awful release and objectively a step backwards that took a good few more releases to finally recover from. Thing is, it's not about one or two large stand out bugs affecting a few. SL of course had bugs, all software has bugs. But Lion and the next few versions after that had constant small issues, instabilities and glitches that became a background noise that made the entire period of using versions 10.7-10.9 frustrating. > There exists a general assumption that a voice has a human-intelligence behind it, but obviously now not all voices do. This is one of the reasons I've always been bothered by the over-humanisation of Siri. I feel there is a belief on the Siri team that if they make it feel more like a human with jokes and overly verbose responses then people will be more forgiving when it fails. I've always felt the opposite, that it gives it a "incompetent super-intelligence" sort of vibe instead and I start to wonder if when I ask it to set a timer for the 3rd time if I'd be less frustrated if it just responded with a confused beep rather than a quip. >It definitely seems to be in a better spot than Windows' support for multiple appearances currently, if it has any. It has had pretty much what Apple are implementing since Windows 10. Dark mode and a custom highlight colour that gets applied across the OS. Of course like on MacOS developers have to be using the latest UI framework to take advantage of this which unfortunately on Windows developers are a fair bit slower on the uptake than on MacOS. Then again, I don't expect to see much uptake on the Mac side either considering I can't remember the last time I installed a new app and it was a native AppKit(?) UI and not just an Electron app. > When was the last time Twitter was buzzing with talk about some Windows program? To be fair when was the last time it was buzzing about some iOS or MacOS app that wasn't just an Electron app that was also available on Windows. I remember the times when a Mac/iOS app like Clear or Coda would come out and everyone would be so hyped about it but it seems as far as I can tell those days are long gone. Which is sad as a Mac user but since the app store raced to the bottom it just doesn't seem to be worth the effort for developers to ship 3 highly tuned versions of their software for 3 Apple platforms. I mean you can look yourself, look at the top ten free/paid on the Mac and iOS app stores, it's grim. >So what's cool and new in the Windows ecosystem? Speaking as someone who's more of a designer, Octane Render which is a GPU accelerated rendering engine and Oculus Medium for VR sculpting both feel completely next generation VS anything on iOS/Mac. (I know Octane technically ships for mac but it requires a Nvidia GPU which Apple hasn't shipped for many years) > Where's the facial recognition logon? Weird you mention this, the Surface line has been shipping this for years. Artist Sterling Crispin has a VR painting program [1] that explores this allowing you to paint different colors to each eye simultaneously. [1] http://www.cyberpaintapp.com/ Keep seeing people on Twitter suggesting this as a fix to the unreliable keyboard, completely ignoring that the keyboards were never unreliable until the Butterfly Switches existed. As for the idea, well if touch keyboards are so great why have they invested so much effort in adding a physical keyboard to their Pro touch devices. Seems like it's hard to cool GPUs in desktops too if you're Apple >their maximum FP32 compute performance is 11 TFLOPS (which points to around 1340 MHz clock-rate for the Vega 64) and their peak memory bandwidth is 400 GB/s (indicating about 1600 MT/s memory speed), which is slower when compared to the Radeon RX Vega cards for desktops. The main reasons why Apple downlocks its GPUs are of course power consumption and heat dissipation https://www.anandtech.com/show/12152/apple-starts-imac-pro-s... Sad to see that this is becoming a recurring theme from Apple's pro line. I found the removal of the cable pegs and only including the long charging cable a particularly tacky way to reduce the BOM on their computer considering the USB-C model had a price increase over the previous model that included these features. > YMMV My 2014 13" retina MBP can plug 2 USB devices 2 Thunderbolt devices a HDMI screen and power If I go all USB-C my 2017 13" can plug screen and power anything more and I need to use dongles and from what I see looking around the offices I visit, most people end up using dongles. MBPs have been USB-C only for years now and a dongle free future is still nowhere in sight, I'm starting to feel USB-C is going to be forever a dongle port. > Office for Linux If they honestly released a top notch version of Office for Linux would you, in 2018 where most have switched to Google Docs or other web based office tools actually use it? I very much doubt it. I feel you're just reeling these things off as some burden of work you want them to toil away at as a debt you expect them to pay to the Linux community. > affect a small number of units Same story with the keyboard that was a fundamental enough design flaw to include 2 design bandaids in as many years. For cheeses like Edam, Gouda, Emmental you can't really, they work absolutely fine stacked in a multipack. But for that sort of fake American cheese that melts beautifully onto burgers if you shipped them packaged together the slices would merge together in a warm kitchen in my experience. > it was incredibly powerful, especially for the time period we're talking about Fireworks was also doing this around the same time but seems to have been completely been forgotten because of Photoshops dominance. >when they can't grow unit sales, they need to grow revenue per unit. Don't forget dropping the BOM in increasingly petty ways for such an expensive machine like no longer including the short power cable. >That's impossible. Everyone keeps telling me that Apple is dying. When people say it's dying they're not talking about financials, and holding up how much money they made as a barometer of success doesn't mean anything. Some people judge their success on how good the products are not how much money they make because lots of these people have been fans of the company even when it was doing bad financially. All just seems like they have become what Jobs was describing here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AxZofbMGpM and holding up the bag of money when they have shipped an objectively poorly designed laptop for 3 years now just reinforces that for some of us. The idea that even Twitter itself has forgotten by insisting to show me garbage people I follow have liked with no option to disable it. This never works, it just means people don't actually switch at all because in the end they only engage with one place properly. This was one of the things that went wrong with app.net. > designed mainly to hide the fact that they don't actually have that much good content. I noticed this, they removed the categories browser for me, it still shows up occasionally but it's hidden very deep in recommendations I can't find a way to directly go to it other than pressing down for a few minutes till it crops up. Guess it makes sense for them, I used to boot it up and go straight in there and devour everything new in categories I cared about while still ignoring everything I passed over previously. These moves to try and remove the choice from what I watch in the hopes of getting me to watch things I wouldn't watch out of choice seems so bizarre when the initial pitch of Netflix vs cable/terrestrial was being in control of what you watch. Really miss the early image-blog days of Tumblr, the reblog functionality causing work to be attributed and sort of collective consciousness made it a fascinating internet art site to browse and contribute to. Pretty much all been replaced by Instagram now which although has most of the same functionality the fact it's a locked in system with only the most basic form of linking and attribution makes it a completely different place for artists. People stealing work and claiming it's their own is a lot more common on IG, on Tumblr the ease of re-blogging and focus on curating allows users to flourish as either curators or creators without any bad blood between the two. (Purely talking about the art side of Tumblr here, I wasn't involved in the other areas) Why would the owner of the largest and most profitable software store on Windows want to kill Windows? There is some weird fan effect with Valve similar to the Google early days where people see them as a universal force for good that will free PC gaming from Microsoft and has the users best interests at heart. Honestly feel the actual drives of Valve couldn't be further removed from the desires and beliefs of Valve fans. > Whereas the closest the Mac got, a ‘toy’ OS that couldn’t be used for Real Work was Clarus the Dogcow. Hang on now lets not forget the leather Calendar app, the reel to reel Podcasts app and flying through space in Time Machine. > If the Mac user is using Safari, the achieve will be automatically unzipped, as Apple thinks it's wise to automatically open "safe" files. This fact is paramount This hasn't been true for a long time, the automatically open 'safe' files option has been turned off by default for years now. Though the option should be removed all together really. Getting real tired of the Apple apologists spinning it that Apple keyboards have never been reliable and this is perfectly normal. My TiBook G4 still works at 16 years of age, my 2006 Alu iMac keyboard is still used daily, my 4 year old MBP keyboard works fine. My 8 month old USB-C MBP has key deadzones and 5 glitchy keys and a few keys significantly louder than others. It’s crazy how apple managed to turn my most loved machine into my most hated with just a single design update. This doesn’t get mentioned much but they wrecked the physical media keys because of the touchbar. You can no longer control iTunes globally, the media keys only work with the focused app because that’s what the touch bar does. So if a web page is playing a muted ad with sound your media keys wont do anything if you try to pause iTunes. Not quite 10 but here’s a blogpost on making a 7 gpu machine for 3D pathtracing rendering http://tomglimps.com/7_gpu_workstation-1000_octanebench/ It's not mentioned much but these are also a nightmare for maintainability. If your designer uses these and leaves the project then the next designer opens the file and it's just words and boxes where icons should be. At least if SVGs are used then even if the previous designer leaves the project in a shambolic state with no sources then you can still salve the vectors from the live site. Complete nightmare trying to do that with icon fonts. It started way before that was even a thing, definitely remember when they switched from old school Contact list window + chat window to an all in one design on OS X my machine would rev up the fans when I video called on the latter. > The only thing I can reliably trust google is that when I type a search query, results will be meaningful Even this is getting less reliable, image search at least. Reverse image search (from what I can gather from using it) used to try and match the image to existing images it knew, then tried to tell you where it came from and what it was based on data it gathered from the page it came from. Today it appears to use a machine learning to decide what the image is, then show similar images of the same object with the same visual appearance. The difference to the end user is before if you searched using a still of a film it would almost always successfully identify it and provide links related to the film and the location of the still in particular. Today if you do the same then Google will identify the picture has a woman in it using ML and return a search for the word "woman" with just random stock photos of women in similar images then the search listings will just be links to Pintrest boards containing the searched image. Might be just me but Cook felt like he'd had lessons on coming across more passionate and excited, he was over-emoting so much at times. Previously he's felt a bit dry at times. Maybe Win 98 looks like Nextstep rather than the other way around. Hard to find a mobile app these days that doesn't demand contact access, try using WhatsApp without providing it and it's a rough ride, I'm super reluctant to upload mine but that one was basically unusable without doing so. How times change. Not exactly an unbiased take from Aral considering he tried to launch a social network where "you were not the product" around the same time too. Was using private browsing to log in to work gmail last night and found it really creepy how it remained logged in across private tabs. Thought the whole point of a private tab was to completely isolate a browsing session, now you can never be certain your Google credentials are not being shared in these private sessions or even contaminate my non-private sessions. Going to have to use another browser for my work sessions from now on. >and I don't think Oculus has lived up to anywhere near the hype. Don't speak too soon, Gaming PC VR was never ever going to be big but they're announcing their first full featured stand alone headset today. In terms of what Oculus is hoping to achieve today is pretty much Day 1 and everything up until today has been a beta test. I was an early instagram adopter and have definitely felt my feelings change to it over the last 2 years. It's gone from being excited to check my feed to a sense of dread. Used to be something I'd do up to 10 times a day, now sometimes once a week and when I do I often intentionally avoid the feeds and just search for specific people I want to see because I don't want to see what a lot of people I follow that I know IRL are doing. Can't overstate enough how important 6DOF headset and hands are to VR. When I got my Rift setup the 3D depth effect is cool but really what makes VR is being able to pick up and hold an object and directly interact with objects using your hands. For anyone interested check out videos of people using Oculus Medium, something as insanely complicated and fiddly as 3D sculpting becomes instantly natural when you interact with both hands in 3D instead of a mouse or pen in 2D. Oculus is seemingly trying to avoid incremental updates, from what they've been saying they're holding off on Rift 2 until they can ship with variable focal [0]. In the end I think this is the right play, as much as some of us love PC Gaming it's pretty much niche compared to the audience Oculus are trying to get. I've blown some minds when I showed my friends my PCVR setup but none of them were willing to buy tower PCs to get it at home, $400 stand alone headset though? Definitely. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FM7aviAhxG4 I still think this is less about running iOS apps on Mac and more about pushing Mac developers to build their pro-tier apps as something that runs on Macs and iPads. Mac has no shortage of apps. But the iPad Pro has a shortage of the sort of apps people use Macs for. Huge respect to any developers tackling these sort of problems. Most people don't notice it or just gloss over it and accept it as the way it is. But flicking screens or flicking resizing windows are like nails on a chalkboard to some of us. What's your motherboard? Mines an Asus Gene VIII and using a 1080Ti and I don't even get anything appearing at all until the Windows logon. If your success is connected to building upon the brands of others then don't be shocked if you have little control over how much success you can actually achieve. I feel sorry for people who lost their jobs but at the end of the day the people who have the creative vision for: Walking Dead, Back to The Future, Jurassic Park, Borderlands, Game of Thrones, Minecraft, Batman and Guardians of The Galaxy do not sit within the 4 walls of Telltale. If there is not someone with creative vision and ownership of your product within your company then the people calling the shots are sales and partnerships. Actual product always comes second to closing these deals and riding brands of others. You can see this in their product lineup, when things went sour they didn't change the product, they just diversified the brands. >I really don't see myself video call my significant other while we are both cooking in a different home and enjoying this. Plenty of people do just that though. Many people in long distance relationships pretty much have a constant Skype call if they’re both at home. I don’t think the concept is a bad one at all, it’s just awkward coming from Facebook. As a designer the most interesting thing about Schiff is he heavily engages with a huge part of the designers job that most working today would rather pretend doesn’t exist. Instagram rebrand for example “we asked everyone in the company” was an active diffusion of responsibility of the visual design yet lead designers happy to take credit when it pays off but hold excuses like that in their back pocket. Last time I went to the doctor with extreme flu like symptoms (Pretty sure I had pneumonia) the doctor treated me like I was wasting her time and actually ridiculed me. Hearing stuff like this stresses me the heck out. This was the often praised UK NHS btw There is a difference between TV, Comics and Videogames that were all demonized in a similar way to this. The difference is they all had a quality and decency barrier. YouTube videos are just made by random people with the absolute minimal of moderation. A kids TV show in the 90s wouldn't use an image of a woman dressed as Elsa cutting off her tongue with real scissors to try and clickbait children into watching it. The actual video it's replaced with a gummy candy tongue, but the thumbnail it's her own tongue with real scissors and YouTube allowed this for months, it was an extremely popular video and channel. and this is all before we get into the fact TV was consumed in the family room and tablets are solitary harder to control consumption. > The Barbican is a very interesting design, but anyone who has actually been there would agree that it is ugly I find it one of the most beautiful and peaceful places in London. Some of us actually like these sort of forms and concrete as a material. > walky talky I find that thing grotesque, it's like a bad joke on the London skyline. Some skyscrapers are nice like 30 St Mary Axe but when they're done bad the fact they're made of glass doesn't make them any more attractive. In the end its all completely subjective. To me, the real explanation for a lot of this bizarre nonsense is because journalists are spending all day on Twitter which in reality isn't the real world it's technically just a very popular internet forum with a few famous users and they've begun to not understand that what happens on the internet forum Twitter does not represent what's actually happening in the real world. This is how internet forum drama gets mistaken as actually something people in the real world actually think about. Once you start to see this it becomes so strange that you can even tell when a journalist is a Twitter addict just from some of the terms and thinking they start to include in their articles. There is very much a Twitter hivemind heavy users start to tap into, and unlike say Reddit users or even 4chan users they mistake Twitter as being the real world and the hivemind as reality. There isn't... as much as I love Bret Victor's work, Processing is out there today teaching people how to code so I take any criticism of it with a very large grain of salt. Until someone puts the work into implementing some ideas from Learnable Programming, Processing is one of the best we have. As someone who works in creative coding as an artist and has worked in advertising (where this happens a lot) I feel deeply sorry that someone made so much from this artists work they happily put out into the world, I’ve seen this happen time and time again. This is a really horrible life lesson that licenses matter and if you create something it’s important to think through yourself how to make money off it and do it yourself (and think hard if you care about that because caring retroactively is too late), before you set it free because if you don’t do it then someone else will and honestly you only have yourself to blame because the reality is you didn’t want to put the small bit of extra effort required to make money off the thing Just a thought but maybe if parents were willing to spend enough money for developers to make a living then they wouldn't need to resort to ads and IAP to make a living. Often bring this up when I see people angry over how much their child spent in a random freemium app and the anger and vitriol they spew back at you is nuts, because they want their kids entertained for free with no catch. High quality entertainment exists for kids out there, Nintendo Switch, Toca Boca tablet apps, etc. But yeah it actually costs dollars. > We really do need a new category in both app stores. Software for kids that you buy People don't want to pay though, I understand that you want to pay and I want to pay but you have to realize you and me are absolutely the minority. Once you sit them in front of YouTube it's already over. Seems drastic maybe try going off the grid and into the countryside for a bit. Honestly the world isn't anywhere near as bad as a lot of the media and the social media hivemind will lead you to believe. > the new model comes with the latest-generation edition of Apple's "butterfly" keyboard Maybe it was naive of me but I had high hopes Apple would use the Air refresh as an upgrade path for those of us who have decided they need a keyboard with more travel and reliability beyond a few months. (I use a 2017 butterfly keyboard today, never again) 4. If you're working in an office and someone has headphones on the lack of travel causes them to type angrily and loudly as if they were pretending to work in a sarcastic manner. Can always tell when users of this laptop have headphones on just from the typing noise. > But the exterior won't be as pretty There are actually plenty of nice looking small form factor PC cases that can house a full GPU - http://www.louqe.com/ - https://www.dan-cases.com/dana4.php I'd actually say this is one area of the custom PC market that's well served by nice design. So for the past few years we've been hearing time and time again how amazing these Apple chips are yet were is the software that actually pushes them? Wheres the example of software that truly shines on these chips? Wheres the software like After Effects, Houdini, Octane Render that you can truly see the power of the machine rev up when on the right hardware. They're wheeling Photoshop out as proof of this devices power yet as a designer I certainly don't consider Photoshop a heavy piece of software anymore and the only reason it ever chugs is it doesn't use the machines power effectively, mostly single core and disk speed constrained. This power has been available to iPad developers for a few years now so shouldn't we be seeing truly powerful pro apps that take advantage of it emerging? Are these chips actually powerful for real world pro tasks or are they just talented at providing Geekbench scores. But what if right-wing universities do spring up and start de-platforming the viewpoints you side with. Think what bothers me most these days is people cheering for censorship just because it's currently being used against people they don't like without thinking ahead that one day the power structure could shift and the same powers could be used against them. Now everyone has a smartphone maybe they're looking down instead of up. > gochujang Stuff like this is a bad example, as far as I can tell it doesn't go off because I only buy it once a year and if you know you like Korean food thing things like this are used in loads of it and if you don't know if you like Korean food maybe go to a restaurant. Never understood it personally, maybe it's just the city I live in but the shopping part is the least tedious part of cooking for me and getting a package delivered successfully in my city is way higher stress wise than any ingredient shopping and besides I'd still have to go to the supermarket anyway for house things, essential and alcohol anyway. This is why every kid I know has only one Pixar film they rave about and that's Cars, objectively one of their worst films. Pixar films used to appeal to everyone now they just seem to try to appeal to people who grew up with Pixar and are now adults. I'm not talking about the gender politics angle, I'm more just talking about they have moved from telling stories about a simple whimsical idea that captures all imaginations which follows through to emotion to maybe trying to be too clever and maybe poignant with their ideas, it's almost like they're writing to the target of an adult Pixar fan that needs validation for their interests rather than everyone. Just feel like they've lost the joy along the way, putting a Pixar film feels like I'm going to be in for a emotional slog now rather than something enjoyable, can't imagine any child getting excited about watching Inside Out or Up (I understand this is a fan favorite for good reason, but is it any child's favorite?) > Microsoft should give up entirely on Internet browser development. I cannot see any good reason to throw their money away like this. If Microsoft release a low power device like Surface Go or future ARM devices then reviewers and people open up Chrome and it runs jerky and laggy then they'll blame the device. If Chrome becomes the default browser and gives you bad battery performance then people blame the device. MS has to ship a browser for the exact same reasons Apple insists on shipping a browser. It's the most used application on the OS and the app that's almost used 100% of the time the device is running therefore it can make a good device feel like a bad device if its optimized poorly. Notice all Apples web battery benchmarks use Safari not chrome. >I can see how this is creating a monoculture on the web It's already here, sad to see so many engineers I work with lately complaining so much at having to support anything other than Chrome and they're certainly not doing cutting edge work. Find it pretty sad when really cross browser development is the easiest it has ever been in many ways, we're certainly not in the IE 5.5 days anymore yet there is less desire than ever to support anything outside their comfort zone and when real customers bring up something doesn't work in Safari their response it "Can't they just use Chrome?". My first job in the industry was HTML/CSS for sites that needed to work in IE 5.5/6/7, Firefox, Safari and Crome had only just been released so maybe this bothers me more than it bothers most. > This is why I hate companies that force you to sign up to gain access to content I always found Quora's use of dark patterns and baiting you in from search engines then blocking the content particularly egregious. Always made me surprised anyone held that site to such a high standing and I can only imagine it's because the advocates never knew how awful the experience was without an account. I feel Pintrest is very similar in that way. If you own a Raspberry Pi you can actually boot up RISC OS. Definitely recommend you try it out.[1] But one thing to keep in mind, the fast boot up, super responsiveness and anti-aliased fonts are not because you're running a 90s operating system on 201X tech, it actually ran that nicely back in the day too. I often wonder what computing today would look like if different operating systems had gained dominance. [1] https://www.riscosopen.org/content/downloads/raspberry-pi Rap music has a strong history of building your brand then licensing products with your name/brand on them or even to the extent of Kanye where he actually designs his own fashion line/shoes. Maybe some people wouldn't consider it strictly sci-fi but I really enjoyed "Upstream Color" and reading what Carruth was planning to create with "A Topiary" I really hope someone gives him the funding and creative control to complete a project on the scale of that. > I guess that makes him an expert. No it made him a student he's passionate about fashion and wanted to learn how the industry worked from the inside, but I'd argue designing one of the most iconic men's shoes of the decade that made him an expert. You can hate on his confidence and attitude all you like but I think it's silly to pretend he isn't responsible for his own achievements just because you don't like the guy. It's not the second screen, it's the primary screen. The TV is just background noise for the phone/tablet usage. Tumblr was the last platform that actually respected my creative choices for compression of my work and gave me full control over how my work was presented. Now people are acting as if Tumblr is over and yet again the so called solution is to move your work to Instagram or Twitter. Why is the “solution” always to move to platforms with little to no respect for your actual work there. I’m tired of stressing over how an image/video looks only to upload it to social media and have it covered in a JPEG Vaseline smear. This is before I bring up how far these networks also go in trying to keep me from just dragging content out of their site and to my desktop This is a very sensible suggestion but I have tried this before with nice gif previews linking to Vimeo and although the gif gets good engagement almost no one clicks though In reality the first impression is all you ever get on social media. > Everyone used TextMate, then everyone switched Some of us still do, it's open source now, still getting updates and feels like a modern Mac app, all shortcuts work as expected, find/replace dialogue is a separate window, file panels look and act like Mac file panels complete with blur, smooth scrolling and elastic overshoot act as expected. No one complaining about that on the iPad front. Always feel there is heavy grading on a curve whenever the iPad is involved. To me Marzipan feels more like they want to give pro app developers less excuses to not make iPad versions of their apps. iPad has way more need for pro apps than OSX does for iPad apps. > and that's a good thing for a company that obsesses on providing top end user experience Do they actually do that though? Feels like BOM reduction exercises like removing the short power cable from their $3000 laptops and headphone dongles from their $1000 phone, laptops still shipping with painfully low space that triggers space warnings on their OS after you add just a few files to them (complete nightmare if you work at a company that cheaps out on laptops). Feels like the user experience is actually secondary to maximizing ASP and minimizing BOM. So glad they haven't changed it, beautiful execution and the humor of it has made it instantly memorable even for a product that has a completely generic (but clear) name, googling "sql pancake icon" even gets you to the product. This is how you brand something. Can definitely tell scripts that honestly only have enough content to be a 90 minute movie at best are being extended and shipped as series for these metrics. It’s not even water cooler anymore it’s a Netflix monoculture. Look at your twitter feed when Netflix releases something successful. It’s actually a bit scary how it’s the only thing so many people are consuming Looks like an Apple Store light edition. Not really convinced the design and branding of the store matches up well with the realities of their actual product. Although the engineering behind getting a good sound out of the PC speaker is fascinating. Still wishing the PC standard from the get go had included sound as a first class citizen. I think this decision back then still ripples through the machines today and sound never truly feels like an integral part of the machine on Windows (Realtek audio driver) and you'll never have the feeling of a built in boot sound on your machine which felt so good on Macs till it was disabled recently. It's not like computers didn't have good sound back then either compare the Lotus III example [0] from the article with the same on the Amiga hardware from around the same time [1] [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72vZ1asBIXQ [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgGSBoivBIY > Looking approachable is a pretty key component of that. Agreed, the other key component though is actually making their machine and software/hardware approachable, smooth, performant and reliable. Which they haven't really put any effort in to since they started. I really wanted the dream of an affordable computer for kids to be a reality but at the end of the day when the $35 just isn't as performant as a budget tablet around the same price then kids are going to just end up with tablets and never have the opportunity to crack the machine open. If the product doesn't live up to the sales pitch of the store, then the product is just going to get returned. I totally get that I just think there is a lot of value to the tinkering being possible on the device they use for everything else. How many kids got a PC to play games on but while bored found QBasic and Gorillas.bas. How many kids on MySpace or NeoPets learnt HTML/CSS as a way to customize their profiles. This all used to be a reality when kids grew up using a general purpose computing platform, now the choices are a Tablet that works as a general purpose platform you can't tinker with or a board you can only tinker on but not use as a computer. Students all have debts. When reality hits that these debts need to be paid, principles go out the window. I don’t blame anyone for this. In the end you have to look after number one. It’s just sad this is the reality. Same way how Face ID is cheered for and Windows Hello is “creepy” Same concept. Very similar implementation but company brand goes a hell of a long way. Yep, you can't put the genie back in the bottle. If you successfully tested a nuclear weapon it would be incredibly naive to think you could save the world from nuclear weapons just by keeping its implementation secret, someone else out there is just as smart as you and once you've proven it's possible then it's just a matter of time before someone else figures out how you did it. Although personally I don't think their creation is anywhere near as dangerous as they would like to think, feels more like a PR stunt/dystopia LARPing. > butterfly Using this worries me so much that I'm just planting a ticking time bomb of RSI. I a slight ache every time I use it because you have to hit the keys so hard to ensure they register and the stop is so abrupt as paper thin plastic smacks against the metal. Previous gen feels so gentle compared to it, and this is coming from someone who likes tactile mech keyboards. >Also, the keyboards have gone from making virtually no sound to making loud clicking sounds. I was on a film shoot recently and actually felt so self-conscious that the noise of my butterfly keyboard would show up on the recording that I just stopped working all together that day. Been on loads of shoots with my pre-butterfly macbook and never worried about that. https://www.newrafael.com/websites/ Rafael Rozendaal's work is probably my fave example of Internet Art. > Advertisers want to be excluded from placements next to adult content I feel that this is maybe Tumblr's ad teams failing and they could have argued around this. When using the Dashboard the UI design of the system felt very much like every post on that screen was there because your chose it to be there so even if you injected ads into it there was never the feeling that ads were next to pornography posts because your feed was only ever full of pornography if you actively followed people who post it. It was all manually curated by you not an algorithm system like Twitter, Gyphy, Imgur etc. The real issue is the Apple Pencil should have been what the "Apple Pencil (2nd Generation)" was from the start. The Surface line made it obvious years ago that the magnetic docking was essential. Would have made much more sense to wait than to have two different pencils not cross compatible at all, I mean even if you bought the first iPad Pro and the Pencil then decided to upgrade to the next iPad Pro you can't use the old pencil with the new iPad with the excuse of it needing a lightning port to pair when plenty of other pens exist using wireless technology that just have a button to kick them into pairing mode. For a company that claims to care about e-waste I find all this ridiculous. >If you're building it with web technologies, you might as well just go with electron for the more modern browser[1], easier portability, and isolation from browser version changes. You wont get something that feels like a modern Windows app if you make it with electron, also the app will balloon by 80 meg and portability again isn't an issue if your goal is to make something that feels like a modern Windows app. I really appreciate the work of the people behind FluentTerminal and honestly had no idea it had web under the hood till I looked at the source because building it on UWP makes it feel like a first class windows app. People who are extremely active on, or addicted to Twitter keep mistaking Twitter for actually being the real world and not just a glorified internet forum with some celebrity users. Just because someone lost their job doesn't mean an ex-colleague can't post about Netflix or their interests on their social media anymore. Twitter isn't an office space they can do what they want. I get that Twitter must feel a lot more real to people who post 30 times a day, every day for 10+ years but to that majority of people it's just a silly distraction they use to post things to their friends, not a work environment. Although these are gimmicky the sort of route of approaching the problem from what would a machine or non-human AI voice sound like would actually get you the goal of a Genderless Voice. As it stands Q isn't genderless it's just gender non-conforming, which is a great alternative but I'd like to see some work into an actual "AI" voice rather than these voice assistants that try to imitate a human on the gender spectrum. Siri does default to male in some countries, the UK one is male. Apple could never compete with Netflix without a serious rethink of their brand values. To have truly good TV people need to be able to tell stories about awful things as well as good things. You'll never get something like The Wire coming out of Apple because it makes the current execs feel uneasy. You will however get safe milquetoast things like Carpool Karaoke. People passionate about something are much more responsible than actual legal rights holders. Rights holders only do the absolute minimum to preserve the culture they own, countless movies available in the commercial space are the worst quality versions of those movies and people passionate about those movies will go as far as tracking down multiple versions to take the picture quality of one, cut scenes from another, the sound from another and the subtitles from a fourth to make definitive best image, best sound, no cuts version and they do all that for free. Loved the virtual flaneur aspect of this game, just wandering around the neighborhood, checking out shops, buying things, talking to people, heading home in the evening were so enjoyable. My Summer Car is the only modern game that comes to mind that captures the same kind of experience for me, if anyone has any other suggestions I'd love to hear them. Also if you're an iTunes Match user and don't subscribe to Apple music you now have to skip past an Apple Music advert every so often when you open the Music app. Not sure if it's once a month or once an update but I've had it twice so far. Not to mention having to delay an update notification daily on my Mac. This is the sort of behavior that any other big 4 would be dragged over the coals for. This has thrown me off too, I drag a lot of images from my browser to my desktop when browsing. WEBP files dragged from Mac chrome just fail silently and never appear on the desktop so now I have to pay extra attention every time. Although I’m sure the server owners enjoy the benefit, but if it doesn’t work Like a jpeg and I have to change my workflow for an image format then it sucks for the user. Starting to feel the fact Apple decided tablets should be siloed from traditional computing is really just starting to hurt development in these areas. There is some great work here but also you see things like the web clipper, it's already accepting that research web browsing is best done on a computer so then because of the tablet silo they need to create custom tech and run servers just to get the content from two devices next to each other. If Apple had a tablet Macbook you'd just be dragging and dropping from the browser to Muse. When Microsoft launched their Surface line, I and many others joked that is was the wrong direction but as the years pass it's starting to feel more and more absurd to me that my tablet workspace and my workstation workspace are two incompatible operating systems. If Apple hadn't been so strict and had a laptop line similar to the Surface as well as the iPad, does anyone seriously think anyone would be pursuing software like this in the locked down tablet OS when they could be doing both streams of work on the one device instead. I struggled the same and just want to add Fluent Terminal [1] to the list as one that felt the most similar to OSX Terminal to me and I barely see it mentioned online. [1] https://github.com/felixse/FluentTerminal Keep hearing people talk about how this technology is about porting iPad apps to the Mac, personally I don't see that as why they're doing this at all. Today the Mac has a very healthy ecosystem of professional apps, however the same can't be said for the Pro iPad range, which despite a handful of admittedly very good outliers (Procreate, etc) it's very lacking in apps for all professional workflows. I don't see Marzipan existing to bring those few iPad apps to the Mac, it exists to remove the excuses for Mac developers to only build for OS X. Running a 2017 MBP model at work here, have all those issues and more. My Bluetooth chip somehow freezes without fail after X hours of usage and requires a hard power cycle to fix, often if I put it to sleep on a night I wake it up to a kernel panic message. I have a 2013 MBP at home that I still use every night, the worst thing that has happened to it in all those years of daily usage is 3 of the feet have fallen off. The thing has been an absolute champ and I would have dropped serious money on another by now if they hadn't changed it. I moved away from the Mac for 3D work a few years back just because CUDA based rendering engines were such a game changer. I was totally expecting the experience to just be gritting my teeth and dealing with Windows for the power, but actually I've been pleasantly surprised that it's honestly improved a lot and MS is taking the approach of tackling one or two pain points a year consistently, like modernizing the Terminal this year and I'm sure one day they'll get to Explorer which is the last thing that bugs me. I also bought a Surface Go recently and this has convinced me I could move away from Mac completely (To a Surface Pro) if need be, the industrial design is excellent, the keyboard is an absolute joy to type on and it's so versatile, like a "Pro" machine should be. > Can modern windows or linux come even close? The Surface line trackpads are extremely close and their keyboards actually surpass current Apple boards. They restocked at some point in the last few months but sold out instantly. Anyone into this sort of stuff should check out https://androidarts.com/ there are a whole ton of fantasy console concepts on it. > That's not just sad, it is really strange Doesn't seem strange at all for a company pushing a technology for mass adoption to choose one of the most common languages which possibly has the most eyes in the world on its performance metrics, keep in mind VR has to hit framerates up to 90fps. Probably completely different but will have the same slice of anarchy that made Reddit popular to begin with. Reality is people didn't swarm to that site for pictures of dogs and "AMAs". There was some sleight of hand in the benchmarking for me too, they compared GPU compute rendering engine speeds to "Nvidia Quadros" when no one doing CUDA rendering on Windows uses Quadro cards, they all use GTX because the price to performance is ridiculous on Octane render/Redshift/etc. After the iTunes calendar joke I actually thought when the launch video started it was another joke about the old cheesegrater design and was going to show an actual cheesegrater, until it cut and made it clear it was a real video. > They'd rather HL3 be an urban legend than a disappointment. That's better for their image as experts in their craft Sorry but I doubt they're even thinking about it that hard, at this point this post nails it [0], Valve just doesn't care about making any sort of experience that isn't maximum profit for minimum effort and isn't based around a in game item economy. It certainly isn't out of worry that they'll disappoint their fans with a dated gametype. They look at Portal 2, a beloved game as a huge waste of their time. They're not a company that makes money from art, gameplay and storytelling anymore they make money from virtual items. But don't be sad, plenty of companies still care about telling single player stories in videogames: Nintendo, Guerrilla, Rockstar, Kojima Prod, Naughty Dog, Sony Japan Studio etc The concept isn't as dead as Valve believes it is. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20099167 Ok I don’t play gta:o or rdr2:o but I bought both games full price. I’m sorry but to pretend for even a second that both those titles didn’t include expertly crafted 50-100 hour single player worlds and stories is being extremely disingenuous. Rockstar shipped twice what people are asking from valve, yes they tacked on online but they still shipped the single player experience many in this comment section are claiming they’d happily pay valve AAA prices for. The difference is rockstar manages to do both and just because you dislike one doesn’t mean they didn’t ship the other. I mean the solution already exists and has existed since app store day one, you could just only let them play paid for games right now today. Not sure why you have to wait for Apple Arcade. (almost) no users want that in 2019, When the App Stores launched we raced to the bottom and the price point we came to was free. Just read the responses in this thread yourself, 5 years ago it would have been full of people demanding this now there are just a handful of you and the rest have switched to demanding their free app deal is sweeter with less downsides, not that they would rather pay. If you're having to switch to hold it off it might actually be being caused by another ergonomic problem with your space. I kept having to change things/switch out things to hold it back until I one day adjusted my chair/armrest height to above my desk and I haven't had an issue at all in 6 years since doing that. You can't tell us something like this and not show it us in action. Really hoping, but also expecting MS is doing this too internally right now, it's the only pain point left for me on Windows. Great to see how this sort of thing could feel. Thing is with the keyboard, they've had several opportunities to fix it but it would be very expensive to do so, would require the machine being almost entirely re-engineered because the design hinges so much on that specific keyboard clearance. It's clear now that they're unwilling redesign their machine ahead of schedule and are happy to ship a below standard and still very expensive device for the 3-4 years spec'd out for this design rather than swallow the cost a redesign would take. They know Mac users will live with it, what choice do they have? Best thing for my insomnia has honestly just been finding a job where it doesn't matter if it turn up 10-30 minutes late whenever. I came to terms that I have a night learning circadian rhythm and if I don't have to worry about being told off for turning up "late" I've slept so much better and consistently and no stressing in a panic that I can't sleep at 5am. sorry at this point we need to stop wishing Apple would adopt standards or wishing Apple would stop reinventing the wheel in their own bespoke stacks and just support what we believe in elsewhere. It's not for production it's for kids to learn to code on. Type-C are expensive, it's worth the extra cost for the power stability (bad power is what causes most of the problems with previous Pis) but would increase the price if they used them for displays too. It actually does this on purpose, if you've watched it once there is a good chance you will watch it again. This doesn't make much sense to you until you realize one of the biggest groups of video watchers on YouTube is toddlers. Always found it completely insane that the block function doesn't entirely hide the channel from you. https://www.theverge.com/2019/6/26/18759672/dribbble-ceo-zac... Not sure I'd consider any company good that bans (highly followed) users who disagree with the owners or criticize the site on other social networks. What you're describing sounds like learned helplessness. yes they plan products and then expect them to be in the market for 3 years before a redesign but the keyboard bandaid fixes don't mean that it was impossible for them to backtrack and release a different keyboard the next year it just means they were unwilling to hit the stop button and move out of their learned cadence to fix an issue that every single person who buys that product will encounter. So they screwed up and instead of saying "oh, we screwed up, ok we're going to have to fix this to minimize the number of customers who will buy $2000 faulty devices" they instead decided to just carry on as normal, fix the design in 3 years when they'd be doing the redesign anyway and just try a few minimal bandaids on the solution which we know don't work because every bandaided keyboard is in the replacement program by default. This could have been fixed, they could have shipped another design in a year the only two possible reasons why are money or just unwillingness to change cadence. >That's why Apple products are built with more sophistication than any other companies product. They have enough time to get every detail right. Wouldn't go that far, I get the feeling you haven't even really looked at what competitors are making these days the gap has well and truly been closed and in a good number of cases Apple is actually behind. This "it's not for you" eliteism that creeps in when defending this product is getting ridiculous. I feel I very much should be in Apples target for a pro-machine considering my Windows workstation is a dual GPU 1080Ti machine (cost a fraction of an iMac Pro and outperforms it) I use for 3D rendering, animation and video editing. Yet when I point out it's terrible value I again just get told it's not for me and it's for people who edit "Marvel movies" for a living. I mean the only real complaint you could have with their pre-Mac Pro lineup was it just didn't have any way to fill niches, everything had to be good for the 80% and not right for rest. Wouldn't it have made a lot more sense to target this product as modular enough to fill the rest of those needs instead of targetting it specifically at the highest-of-high-end blockbuster movie editors. > and Apple managed to fix the keyboard issues with dust in 2018 No they didn't, mines a 2018 and has had a ton of keyboard issues also Apple themselves admit it isn't fixed even the 2019 isn't fixed [0] [0] https://support.apple.com/en-gb/keyboard-service-program-for... "what we were seeing was the "hacker phenomenon," that, for any given pursuit, a particular 5% of the population will jump into it naturally, while the 80% or so who can learn it in time do not find it at all natural." [0] What you're describing is something that comes naturally to you and almost every person on this website. Kids who think that way will likely end up in engineering of some sort regardless. The rest need this sort of guided approach to even show them that they could even possibly do this sort of thing and it helps move that percentage up. Although, that being said I don't really think much to the Pi-Top 4 at all. You'd definitely have a more valuable empowering experience holding an actual board and plugging wires directly into it, the end result would be the same and I feel they smoothed out the wrong part of the experience. [0] http://worrydream.com/EarlyHistoryOfSmalltalk/#smalltalkAndC... It's definitely a product design failure, but is the failure on their end or the Pi Foundation's end? Every major board revision the Foundation ships has seemingly no upgrade path, the amount of things that breaks every time they move Debian versions is unacceptable. The real product design failure seems to be building upon the Pi at all. > Finally! It took four years to admit there is something wrong. And one more year to change upcoming laptops I think they admitted something was wrong as soon as they created the replacement program, it's just they have been completely unwilling to alter their planned product schedule to fix it early. When they create a laptop design they expect to be able to ship the same basic chassis design for 3-4 years and in this design the keyboard and chassis are so entwined they're literally bolted together. We're getting a new non-Pro design revision with it fixed right on schedule and the Pro isn't scheduled to redesign till next year so we get the fix then. Both these fixes could have been in the market 1-2 years ago if they company truly wanted it. They just decided it either wasn't worth the money, or wasn't worth changing their cadence to fix it early. Just don't think they have much respect for their Mac customers anymore and know they'll stick around. Yeah I was going to say that but I definitely don't think it would have stayed in the market this long if the CEO was a product person rather than ops. I mean I'm not trying to downplay how huge it would be to dump that design early, they have an insane amount of machinery and production line set up which they expect to get a few years of usage out of and at the end of the day only the CEO can make a call on if its important enough to go back and retool early and your Ballmers, your Tim Cooks are just never going to make that trade off. An ops person isn't going to lose any sleep over the MacBook line being downgraded from a great product to an ok product. > but it certainly does not make "a lot" of noise Personal anecdote but I was on an film set recently with mine, I'd planned to just work away because I was only going to be needed if things went wrong but on a quiet set I actually felt the keyboard was so noisy that I'd worry it would be getting picked up on the microphones. It felt uncomfortably loud even if they're filming a good 10 meters away. I actually do like noisy keyboards in my own home, but the issue with Apple is if one size fits all then you really need to think of all the places that machine is potentially going to end up. > MRTConfigData If I'm correct MRT stands for Malware Removal Tool. I'd feel pretty bad if anything I worked on had to be uninstalled by that. > All application specific data should be written inside of the bundle folder, so that when you delete the app, you delete the thing entirely Not even Apple follows that ideology though, I can't be the only one who has had to delete the gigs of Garageband data from ~/Library/Application Support on an under-specced company laptop 128GB SSD It's not a competition... Their bottom floor had a shop anyway, because so many fans made the pilgrimage to their studio. Wishing there were a lot more node based coding options than just MAX/MSP, Pure Data, Quartz Composer (RIP). Bit disappointed theres so much information and even a UI history then no download button just a sign up form though. > when you could do it in 2 hours by plane a 2 hour flight isn't 2 hours, there is also the 1-2 hours getting into the plane itself and the 1-2 hours getting off it and this is before we get into having to drive out to the deep outskirts of the city to even begin that process. > I was a user of Textmate for Mac for years .... But it wasn't updated for, like, a decade Still a Textmate user, it was updated 16 days ago. Honestly I'm so close to moving full time to Windows on all machines for performance reasons, Textmate is the only reason I use a MBP for my laptop. I used to be a big fan of Panic, but as you point out they abandoned Prompt once before and it sounds like they're doing it a second time, abandoned Coda and even Transmit felt abandoned for years till they did the big rewrite which seemed like a big step back for that application in terms of design and performance (100% CPU while uploading on my machine). Not sure I'd put ads and something that allows people to express themselves to their friends in the same bucket. Every time I visit a Tumblog subdomain it just kicks me back to my own Tumblr dashboard and has for around 2 years now. When it started happening people said it was a bug but seemingly it's intentional? Not sure I understand the point but presumably this is for some sort of metrics they push? You can't escape it, sooner or later someone you follow will start reblogging or talking politics and then you just end up playing the mute game. Every time something happens political I find myself having to mute all sorts of things, peoples names, places, etc. I used to only really use RSS but then when Google effectively killed it everyone (who were already twitter addicts) just told us "Just move to Twitter, whats the big deal?", now to get the same content I used to enjoy I have to sit through endless political hot takes and arguing. Then Tumblr took a turn for the worse and everyone cried the same thing, "Just move to Twitter, whats the big deal?" > The second it starts going off the rails it needs to be switched over to a private conversation Can be just as bad, theres an exec where I work who has taken a disliking to me and I'd much rather when he goes off on one it takes place in Google docs comments where other people can see it and see what he's like than in a private Slack convo where only I see it. Even the little things are inferior on the modern MBP compared to 2015. I use both and have noticed that when you plug headphones into a 2015 the switch over from (muted) speakers to mid volume headphones is instant. On the USB-C version there is a 1.5 to 2 second lag where if you turn the volume up you'll actually be turning the volume up on the speakers because it takes that long to switch audio sources. No longer feels like a premium machine. The Surface line touchpads are the closest I've seen so far. >decent terminal https://github.com/felixse/FluentTerminal is the closest I've found to the feel of the Mac one. > Right now it's a gaming device(s) Think you're selling it a bit short, one of the most popular uses is Social via apps like VRChat I always assumed this feature was added so apps that were optimised for the old side wouldn’t require two hands and new ui features like swipe nav would eventually phase it out. Yet here I am years later still double tapping my home button several times a day Never really made any sense to me whatsoever why we all switched over from having to use phone numbers instead of email addresses as sign in over the past few years. I get why businesses want to harvest peoples phone numbers and phone books but you'd hope at least some would think of the implications to users first. >Wish there was a Linux port. :-/ This would defeat the point of it really, the whole point of TextMate in 2019 is to have an editor that leverages the native Mac UI. If you ported it to Linux you'd either just be making a completely new application that didn't work the same or you'd be making as weird application that felt like a Mac app running in the Linux world. >Eh, as a macOS user until recently, I found Sublime Text to be a very integrated application. Appearance and behavior was exactly as I'd expect from modern macOS applications. Compare the file browsers and find dialogs and the difference is night and day. Think it's more likely that it broke off the second you tried to use it and the motion wasn't enough to charge it anyway. Think the written excuse is the PR excuse. Find it weird that more people don't just consider Twitter a forum, if you break it down to what you're actually doing it's pretty much the same as reading reddit threads. Yet many people have convinced themselves that no, twitter is the real world. Everything you describe is good but the problem is if these things come at the expense of one of the fundamental functions of the device then really it's a tradeoff that should ever have been made. (Had to edit repeated keypresses when typing this post due to the butterfly keyboard I wrote it on) Still don't understand the justification for this machine, I waited years for a MacPro but when it became clear that Apple actually considered it a dead product and behind the scenes were building the iMac Pro to fill the niche I switched to windows and now run a dual 1080Ti workstation (Uses CUDA for 3D rendering path-tracing) for around half the price of a iMac Pro. Apple bloggers said time and time again the reason they were not making a tower was that there isn't really a market for one anymore, yet when they finally made it they decided to build something that only really serves the highest of high end video editors. Completely ignoring 3D, mid range video editors, developers who need high core counts + ECC, deep learning, etc. Before they made it we kept being told "There isn't enough of you to justify them making it" They finally make it and the narrative turns into "It's not for you it's for people who edit Marvel movies" Anyone who wanted Nvidia already left Apple's ecosystem in the Mac Pro trashcan era, and honestly wont want to look back. If your workflow and machine are built around CUDA thinking back to before you had that setup you wonder how you ever got anything done. "If you can afford the Mac Pro then you can afford the extra storage" as the Apple bloggers keep saying.... I didn't do it lightly, I haven't owned Windows machine in 17 years. But as I said dual GPU machine for half the price of an iMac Pro that can run Octane Render[0] which requires Nvidia cards with CUDA left me asking why I didn't do this years ago after using that for 15 minutes I couldn't go back to how I did my work on my old Mac. If Apple wanted my business I would have given it to them but they were pretty insistent that they had no interest in my money. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE83n0qhe48 > You can hook up GPUs to it with the thunderbolt ports Thunderbolt GPU cases are hundreds of dollars. For a dual GPU Mac Mini setup (which would be a mass of cables and require 3 outlet plugs) you could afford a 3 GPU Windows tower. As someone who used to be a pretty extreme Mac evangelist I really did look into all this before I made the switch to a Windows machine. > so I imagine they've probably fixed that in the newer keyboard designs It's not they're all in the replacement program and the mechanism condom they added to the 2018 still has holes dust can get through unfortunately. So no one going to talk about the removable hard drive? Ideas mean nothing if you don't make them real > at all outside of games And you know, all the software stacks across multiple disciplines required to actually make games and movies and TV shows and music. >USB-A still works, you just need a compatibility layer (a dongle). Assuming you work at a company willing to spend the money on official Apple dongles and not cheap flakey clones. Unfortunately few companies will do that and now all Apple I/O goes through cheap unreliable dongles. Feels like this has got a lot worse in my experience in the past 2 years, while walking to work in the city it feels like almost half of all people are holding their phone right up to their face. Don't get why it's gotten more common though, phones haven't changed beyond camera updates in years. > Designer doesn't hold a candle to Illustrator Where does it fall short for you? Out of interest. CS6 hasn't worked right in OSX for years anyway. I hung onto it as long as I could but Save for Web stopped working around Yosemite so I could no longer save GIFs, then around El Cap PS started crashing when you did certain drag operations and Illustrator started acting weird. Think CS6 is still a viable option for Windows 10 users though. It's just a high effort apocalypse larp. This is nothing new, in the Tim Cook era they've been overly eager to shout loudly about social issues on stage and in the press. Yet when it comes down to rich markets like this situation, the Taiwan's flag emoji being disabled or disabling the pride flag/watch face in Russia and the Middle East, these ideals go right out the window. Only happy to shout loud on these issues when there are zero repercussions about them, second it could possibly mean a dip in profits they roll over in an instant. > Dyson hand dryers in public toilets Just disgusting mold and bacteria traps, absolutely terrible design, just blows the water back in on itself and it collects or leaks down the side of the walls. Give me an Xlerator Dryer any day. >Any recommendations for a good vacuum are welcome! Bought a Neato Botvac and I'm close to saying it's the single product that has improved my life the most in recent years. I'm only cleaning a small flat but going from having to scrape dirt out of the carpet with an ineffective Dyson vacuum manually for an hour to literally pressing a button is crazy. Tried to charge my Macbook Pro with a colleagues charger recently. After an hour I unplugged it only to find it hadn't actually been charging. Turns out the Macbook chargers although looking almost identical to the Macbook Pro chargers can only provide enough power to run the Macbook Pro but not enough power to run and charge it. Not sure how non-technical people are ever supposed to realize or understand any of this. > your sub-conscious is passively working on the problems you encountered even if you are not actively thinking about them. This is the same for creativity, this is why you come up with ideas in the shower or the train, assuming you're just idling and not scrolling through your smartphone. It's funny, I worked so intimately with Flash in my day job that I clocked this before I even knew the tech (Scaleform?) existed because badly made Flash content has a certain jankiness to it that I recognized instantly. The Borderlands 2 menu system comes to mind in particular. Flash wasn't "graphic design" it was a unique cross over of design and code in harmony and at the time most graphic designers I encountered used to say "web designers are not real designers" they only considered print work important. Funny how things change. Doesn't matter, the $1299 base model and $1499 mid model still only have 2 USB-Cs even with the Touch Bar. The $1799 model upwards have 4. All MBPs in my company have 2 USB-C ports because my company (like many others) only buys the cheapest model of laptops. Nothing at all until you work somewhere that only buys 128GB models and the drives are soldered to the main board. > they wouldn't exist anymore nowadays if it wasn't for that original sharing Exactly, more often than not the people who own the rights to things can't be trusted to maintain them. See the same thing happen with movies, the version available in stores from the rights owner is a bad transfer, likely with a crop with hardcoded subtitles. Yet the version online, compiled by a passionate individual because they care for the material has a rip from a laserdisc for best uncropped picture, sound from another cut and softcoded subtitles. Seconding the Surface line, been using one for around a year and find it on par or surpasses an Apple laptop hardware wise. Trackpad difference is negligible, keyboard has real key travel and feels great to type on, pen support without buying a $1000 iPad, light and thin but with both usb-a and c. Don’t even mind using Windows, I still like MacOS but until a hardware option exists again that serves my needs then I’m being forced to look elsewhere. (Linux isn’t an option in my case due to Adobe) If the software I want is on it then I use it, while Mac App Store is an inferior experience to a downloaded app + update framework like Sparkle I've found Microsoft Store far superior to software updaters and installers that usually ship on Windows and it works much faster and smoother than the Mac App Store which is very janky. This must be very damaging to companies, especially with the PC gamer culture of abusing things like refund systems as some forms of protest. So a few days ago we had an article on the front page claiming Windows 10 was buggy because of automated testing, now we have an article claiming iOS is buggy because they don't use enough automated testing... Depends very much in where and via which device you spend your time online and if you’re a creator or consumer. And it completely falls apart sometime. GIFs actually work but try browsing Reddit’s video alternative to GIFs anywhere outside of the reddit office and it struggles to even play for a second. We have engineers replacing tech that works with their half baked barley functioning versions that lose all the benefits of sharing and remixability of a GIF file. > None of that is the format, it sounds like your media player (or whatever js webs t reddit has implemented in their abominable redesign...) is just s t. Re-read my comment this was exactly my point. We swapped something that worked everywhere for a custom players on every site and re-encoding therefore destroying what the artist intended. 2 incremental updates to this product and still only one color, they holding the others back for the post-Christmas lull in the hopes a lot of people will double dip or something? Still shocked Apple gets such good PR about their environmental work when one of their most popular products is 3 batteries in plastic sarcophaguses that needs to be replaced every 18 months. At the end of humanity there will still be corroded burst airpods and funko dolls washing up on beaches. > I am a fan of Twitter. It is a much better social network then Facebook and Instagram I used to follow a lot of blogs of people on Google Reader, when it was shut down everyone just chanted "What's the big deal? Just use Twitter it does the same thing". Now to follow the same creators I did before I have to experience everything with a side order of hot takes about American politics (I'm not American). Twitter is one of the worst things to happen to the internet, I can't have any sort of healthy interaction with the internet and actually keep up with what I'm interested in anymore. It sickens me that every time a platform or service shuts down the answer from Twitter addicts is always "just use Twitter". This is just a failing of their manager, were they not checking in at all in 3 whole months? The fact they didn't already is frankly shocking. Imagine turning up at a random house the other side of the world and being scammed. According to last reports it is selling as fast as they can make them. Quest is the first VR product that actually has the potential for mainstream success. Phone VR is tedious to use and PC VR provides a good experience but is expensive and only a small percentage of adults want a gaming tower PC in their homes in 2019. You should give an Oculus Quest a try if you ever get the opportunity. VR isn't really about the 3D effect it's about having your head and hands tracked in a 3D space and what can come from that level of interaction. Daydream never really offered this and after using a decent amount of VR I find that the most important part of the experience. Unless you actually delete your Twitter account you're still complicit in Twitter. Twitter only has clout because of the people who hold accounts there that make it appear like it's more than a glorified internet forum. I'd consider Apple an example of exactly why this sort of input is bad for entertainment, Tim Cook personally cancelled their first scripted show after supposedly wasting two years making it [1]. With companies like Apple and Disney at the helm you're only going to get milquetoast film and TV. Not saying TV needs sex and violence to be good, but once creators are limited through the lens of a wider production company brand, they're always going to be limited. Typical case of the person writing the cheque thinking they're way more important to the creation of the work than they actually are, Disney and Apple execs live in a world where they have convinced themselves we'd watch their movies and at the end think "Wow, Disney/Apple did a great job on this" rather than the director or actors. [1] https://www.wsj.com/articles/no-sex-please-were-apple-iphone... Image Search has also been completely ruined by their push for ML based results without even checking if it's better. Years ago I could Image Search a frame of a film and get the film title almost every time, now I get a generic "Street" or "Man" search term and then a bunch of photos that have streets in them with a similar color palette which are never from the film. They've got so excited by the tech that they can identify an object or setting that they've forgotten just finding the same image elsewhere online and using the context of the web page would give a better answer. I already moved my workstation work to windows after waiting years and years for a Mac Pro. Seems like it was definitely the right thing to do because even though I do VFX work the Mac Pro they've created isn't suitable at all for it. Although I'm in the market for a new laptop this isn't an instant buy for me, starting to feel I should move all my computing away from Apple because although this is a step in the right direction, we've had years of them not caring about computers. Sad to see him leave VR but honestly I feel shipping the Quest was a huge achievement and is a product that sums up what his original vision for VR was and the only VR device so far with any mainstream potential The Facetime camera isn't remotely at the quality level a 2019 laptop should have. Even the $400 Surface Go has a better quality camera. Ones passive and ones active though, they’re completely different. If you fall asleep playing a video game the game doesn’t finish itself. This is anecdotal but I’ve definitely heard people who will happily talk about binge watching a box set (easily a 50+ hour investment) also say they can’t understand how people can waste so much time playing videogames. Remember when the original pitch of Medium was “the best reading experience on the web”. Crazy how far they let their user experience slip. > that alternatives are somehow better Microsoft just released Surface X with a door on the back for replacing the drive. The device is 0.28 inches thick. Thinkpad X1 Carbon and Dell XPS both have replaceable drives. From opening the case. If anything I'm struggling to find another laptop maker who solders the drives to the boards like Apple does... Drive failure isn't a possibility, it's a certainty and soldering them to the board creates a hard deadline when the laptop turns from a computer to a brick. > It probably allows them to make it smaller / thinner Surface X is 0.28 inches thick and has a door on the back for accessing the SSD. Apple could do better. TEX Yoda[0] mechanical and Thinkpad Compact USB Keyboard[1] scissor switch might interest you. [0] https://mechanicalkeyboards.com/shop/index.php?l=product_det... [1] https://www.lenovo.com/gb/en/accessories-and-monitors/keyboa... Still can’t believe Drafts can’t be turned off. It’s been a feature for months now and I still find having the chat I’m working on fly to the top of the list as confusing and distracting as it was on day one. > it's taken Apple years to get keyboards back on track This was a conscious decision, they could have reverted the mistake in 12 months if they had truly wanted. But it would require burning a production line and design roadmap that was supposed to last 3 years. Turned out having users buy an inherently faulty $2000+ product for 3 years and a repair program was the easier pill to swallow. Tim Cook isn't a product person[0], he's never going to think of the actual product and its impact on the users in a way that could make that call. [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AxZofbMGpM It works fine on Windows and Linux. Apple didn't even ship a computer with a replaceable GPU for 6 years. Nvidia spent money building the superior SDK and that's why CUDA is an important piece of infrastructure. Apple half heatedly supported OpenCL, then killed it, then pushed Metal and all this time didn't ship a computer that could even take advantage of this power. Closed tech is bad but Apple killed off the only real open competitor and replaced it with something even more closed. Mobile has way more of what you call "Users" than what you call "nerds" and they all absolutely love fluid animated UIs and spend literally hours a day swiping away at them. Users might not consciously call out screen tearing but they absolutely can tell when something runs smoothly. Just look at the reviews for iPhone vs Android devices in the early days when Android felt more like X11 with jank, frame drops and redraw glitches. Then look how much time and money year on year Google spent fighting that jank. Money well spent. Twitter is just an internet forum with a handful of famous users, internet forums come and go so do user names. Twitter is not the real world, despite what Twitter addicts and journalists (who benefit from Twitter because it makes their jobs easier) would like you to believe, most normal people barely use it. If Twitter disappeared tomorrow I think you'd be surprised how little it would matter. I use it 22 minutes a day on average according to iOS screentime. So I'm well aware of what it is. Steve Jobs on companies run by product people vs sales and marketing [0] [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AxZofbMGpM There are literally prison cells in some parts of the world that are more appealing than this... > I don't understand why people are so upset about this Because in an office all it takes is one cleaner or coworker to not know to leave that display alone and they could damage your expensive display. It’s not a case of which is better it’s a case of aesthetic. Models don’t necessarily look more real they just have their own look which adds to the film. CG can certainly look excellent when the effort is put in (a lot is done on the cheap these days) but there is a time and a place for models if you want that feel. Would be interested in seeing someone try to recreate the feel of models in CG though by literally modelling a model set/scale in CG. > over allocating budget due to its prominence. I wouldn't be surprised if the budget was $2 million. What should the budget be for something like this? > Because a flower for photos is not a connection that many people can intuitively make This icon only makes sense if you used earlier versions of iOS where the icon was an actual photo of a flower. Objectively bad design. > Why wouldn't you just Google it? What if the problem was how to turn it on? They disabled the pressure sensing on old devices in iOS 13 so it wouldn’t feel like a downgrade on newer phones without pressure sensing. Just gone from a 7 to an 11. It’s weird, if I didn’t know the history I’d say this device feels older. It’s bigger, fatter and heavier with a cheaper feeling finish. The 7 feels positively elegant if you hold one after the other. And apart from the slight camera improvements the performance feels identical. “ he took many of the phone numbers of high-profile Twitter users — including politicians and officials — to a WhatsApp group in an effort to warn users directly” What on earth does this actually mean? And why does he still have a verified Twitter account or an account at all when he exploited it for 2 months without informing them? Wasn’t just Wolves either. There is at least one lyrical change on Famous and he also added the Saint Pablo track. Kept both copies of the album and version numbered them. Never been a fan of localisations, this idea that audiences can’t understand things outside their culture seems a pretty low view to have of your audience and the changes that the localisers add just tend to add confusion rather than clarity. Like how in 90s videogames localisers thought they were being smart renaming items from Rice Ball to Hamburger. Usually without changing the sprites. I’d prefer it if the initial ideas and setting of the story were kept in tact and just translated rather than someone trying to be smart about it and failing. Worth noting they also disabled the feature on older hardware in iOS13 for feature parity. So even if your device can detect pressure it no longer bothers. Shocked how many of the creators I'm interested in who previously would have had a website presence now only have Instagram pages. Mostly find it shocking because Instagram is so anti-internet you can't even post links to promote/sell your work... Doesn't work the same as it used to on my iPhone 7. You don't get the feedback as you force press an icon on the home screen anymore, you can tell its just the same simulated algorithm as on the new phones. >I haven't given bluetooth pairing a go yet but I'm itching to try out some kind of text editor with it when I have the time. Seen a few people posting that Glitch's coding tools work in Firefox on the Quest with at bluetooth Keyboard. https://twitter.com/fernandojsg/status/1139570325312684032 It's still VR but I think the gap between a "Google Cardboard"-like experience and real VR is huge. The 3D effect of VR is cool but the real magic is using controllers in true 3D space, the Oculus ones are really well designed and just sort of fade away and feel like your hands. Atom processor might not be a restriction out of choice but out of limitations. Building a x86 laptop, sourcing processors from Intel is actually much harder than you’d expect if you’re new to the game and doing smaller runs. Found those sort of channels disturbing too, one of the highest paid YT ad revenue stars is one such channel and companies pay around $50,000 outside of that to have the child playing with their product for a few minutes. The kid really doesn't look like he's that into it and kinda just going through the motions. Staring in videos is hard work and having a child act daily on camera for the parents income can't be good for them. Found the exact opposite, although I was living in a carpeted flat when I bought mine. Vacuuming turned from something I'd have to put aside an afternoon for to something that just sorts itself out. Probably my fave tech purchase this decade. Quest may as well be the first VR headset ever, PC VR was never ever going to take off. Normal people don't want tower PCs in their homes in 2020 and VR needs 6DOF headset and controller tracking to actually be good anyway. Silly to compare it to literally the most prolific games console manufacturer ever. So do WhatsApp and Instagram and it hasn't hurt them. Not that I agree with it, but the general public doesn't care. Apple Watch is the antithesis of this device, it's a nightmare of constant notifications poked right against your wrist. After a few days with mine I had to disable almost all the smart functionality. > Have a look at iOS. The minimal set of Apps they ship their phones with aren't bloated or anything besides useful Not sure about yours but mine spams me to sign up for Apple Music every month, came bundled with GarageBand etc and bugs me about creating a Memoji, spams up my messaging app/emoji tray with animojis etc. The days of iOS being the restrained stoic only what you need OS are over because marketing needs to push features to sell handsets and services. Twitters relevancy to the wider world and your actual customers is extremely exaggerated simply because so many journalists rely on it to make their lives easier or are actively addicted to it. End of the day it’s just a glorified Internet forum. Would you oust a CEO because 1000 Reddit users commented against them in a thread? Not likely but it’s about as relevant in the real world as a twitter outrage mob. Not commenting on Away CEOs actions specifically. Just saying that hardly anyone has a twitter account. Hardly anyone with an account actually uses it and out of those who do use it most of the content is driven by a small group of actual addicts of the platform and shouldn’t really be taken as seriously as it is. It’s not the real world, it’s a lens that magnifies a tiny and specific sliver of the world and gives it false credibility beyond what it actually has. YouTube-dl demolishes 100 pain points of using the modern web This wrapper gets rid of the only pain point in using YouTube-dl which was having to google every time you wanted just the audio. Great work No shock really, the Go was clearly a stop gap and test bed and the Quest is the real deal. Just gonna say it, I doubt the solution is yet more apps on the device that is the real source of anxiety. Putting the thing in airplane mode and leaving it in a different room when you get home is going to do you way more good than staring into your phone and swiping away at more apps. >or PR for this woman and some random app? BBC News isn't what it used to be, stopped paying my license fee last year because of the decline. > My apps make time waiting enjoyable It's a trade off, you're getting entertainment but you're trading away creative brain problem solving time that occurs when you idle on a commute or whatever. its not a single command it's an actual ting you have to do manually. you need to check what sources are available then manually input the number for just the audio stream of that specific video No option for DisplayPort? Currently trying to find a way to run two screens from my 2 port MacBook Pro (Macs don't support display daisy chaining for some reason) and the HDMI dongles I've used before have been so incredibly janky and unreliable. The two ports on this laptop are an absolute nightmare, this wasn't my choice because it's a work machine but please no one else buy this thing because it's pure suffering, hubs never work reliably only cables that work are the single C to display port cable and the single official Apple C to A cable. Every hub I try has drives disconnecting on their own, HDMI displays freaking out and so on. This isn't pro level computing if my data and displays don't work reliably. >yet they don't offer a robust multiport adapter? After struggling with countless hubs now, having drives disconnect and displays freak out I'm now convinced the reason Apple only offers adapters like single USB-C to USB-A and no hub solution is because deep down they know that the hub technology just isn't reliable or feasible at all and only 1 to 1 port conversions are actually reliable in this spec. Happy to be proven completely wrong, but honestly I've yet to see a hub that can reliably keep drives connected and only the Apple single C to A cable manages to do it reliably enough across 5+ hours and the fact Apple doesn't even ship a $100-$300 hub speaks volumes to me. > the demo gif doesn't display for me in Safari It's actually an incorrectly named .webp file that's why. After an office break in and having my laptop stolen my company gave me dropbox to back up my home folder. Dropbox actually managed to completely hose every single node_modules folder by the end of the week. It got confused somehow then ended up just splitting all the files up with dates on them as if there was a conflict across hundreds of files. Stopped using it after that. Apple does the same sort of thing these days, Music.app on my phone keeps showing me a full screen ad for Apple Music around a month, dismissed it about 5 times now. We keep hearing every year from the Apple tech press how powerful the iPad Pro is, shouldn’t it just be able to handle compilation itself? I say hearing because because the real world examples of this supposed power are few and far between. >Then the fact upgrading it's RAM was unecessarily hard and expensive and needed urgently Isn't it impossible? It's soldered to the board. I understood when they removed PPC support via Rosetta from Intel OS X (Even though the tech pretty much felt like magic). But I don't get the justification for ditching all that legacy 32bit software. If it hasn't been upgraded yet, then it's never going to be. The Mac isn't like iOS, it's pretty niche. You can't just throw all the software under the bus every few years and sit back smugly expecting either developers to fix all their old software or the market to create new software to fill the gap. No 32bit Mac apps are going to be replaced with 64bit SwiftUI native apps, they're going to be replaced with Javascript apps in wrappers and your platform is going to be worse off than it would be if the dusty "old" 32bit cocoa app still ran. I think that makes a lot of sense, until you look at the rest of the market and that Windows 10 was a one off purchase in 2015 and still supports apps from the early 90s, with a selection of apps tens, maybe hundreds? of times more than OS X. Not to mention Apple specifically chose that business model themselves for business reasons, they get the cost benefit of not having to support older versions which must outweigh 32bit support. We can't retroactively claim that business choice is not a bad thing just because it supports their bad actions today. Been a fan of Macs for 20 years but becoming more jaded with Apples approach to the platform. Not sure if it's coincidence or more but the removal of this little piece of joyful design lined up exactly with when Apples laptops went from machines that work with the user on their terms to machines that the user has to compromise with to fulfil the whims of Apples industrial designers. Had very similar experience myself, even had trouble sleeping as a kid still remember just laying there for hours and hours trying to sleep. Same as you describe, my brains very active in the night and I get great creative output in the early hours. Caused a lot of problems, almost got me fired on occasion and at times I have to do things that seem ridiculous just to fit into others schedules, if there is an important meeting, train or flight I have to catch 8 or 9 am I often just stay up all night just to make sure I get to it then sneak a nap in the afternoon or as soon as I get home. Went through a few weeks of all nighters after a warning at work about turning up late, my output was pretty shocking that week but hey at least I got in on time for the watch checker PM to be happy, that's all that matters right... Just seemed absolutely effortless for everyone else to be sleep at a sensible time and turn up to work on time and here I am setting 30 (Not exaggerating) full volume alarms on my iPhone and a backup physical alarm elsewhere in the room and still sleeping through it all on occasion. Really just thought I wasn't trying hard enough or maybe I should just get better at forcing myself to sleep until I came across Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder [1][2] which seems to describe it. Honestly my only real solution has been finding a job where they're not fussed if you show up between 15-45 minutes late almost every day and my job starts at 10. Think if I were in a normal company it would really just be starting an egg timer until I happen to show up late too many times in a row to raise a red flag. Advice intended to help normal people wont work if the system you're trying to affect isn't actually normal. That's the most frustrating part of all this and why people just think you're not trying hard enough or you're just a bit of a screw up who hasn't got their stuff together. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delayed_sleep_phase_disorder [2] https://www.vox.com/science-and-health/2018/2/27/17058530/sl... Photoshop is very limited by single core anyway due to so much of it being so old and still prefers to page to disk current version refuses to open at all with less than 10 gig free, not sure what feature they added that justifies this because it didn’t use to be the case. You just take it for granted till you see After Effects blow it out of the water and not demand that much. Apps for doing graphic work should be maxing out your machines power, that’s what it’s there for. When my rendering engine uses 100% of my two gpus it doesn’t feel sluggish it feels fast. Probably would have been a 100-200 meg Fireworks file of Adobe hadn’t killed that. Photoshop is incredibly wasteful in its resource usage to do UI design in. (Fireworks had almost the entire feature set of Sketch but 10 years earlier for those that don’t know) Keep seeing people who are privacy focused complaining about apps that rely on phone numbers for sign up and identification. Honestly would think if you're concerned about that then handing over your phone number should be the last thing you're doing. Doesn't Twitter do the same thing? When you sign up for an account these days if you don't hand over your phone number in sign up it claims your account is a spam account within an hour even if you haven't posted yet. Always presumed it was a basic way to collate alt-accounts to real people in the back end. Damn I remember that one from way back, blew me away back then too. Functionality wise it's so faithful but with it's own twist on the aesthetic. The more features like this a browser has the less excuse manufacturers of connected devices have for relying on mobile apps. We were moving too far into a world where anything connected required a mobile companion app that inherently has a lifespan because of how averse to legacy apps the mobile ecosystem is. >I think Half Life Alyx will be an interesting juncture and maybe even a make-or-break point for VR PC VR is a dead end for anything outside of creative tools, very few adults want tower PCs in their homes anymore. When I demoed my Rift to friends they were completely blown away and the first question was "Can I use it with my MacBook?" and that was that. When I demoed my Quest, one person sat down and ordered one straight after taking it off, he demoed it to someone at work and they ordered one, took it to a family barbecue and two of his relatives bought Quests. Microsoft and Apple diverged down two evolutionary paths. At release the Surface seemed ridiculous, adding touch and pen tools to a normal computer. Apple went the other way starting from scratch, touch only seemed the sensible choice. Now year on year as Apple adds more and more laptop computer into the iPad and it's Mac line lacks any modern input flexibility it's starting to look absurd they went down this route and the Surface line is making more and more sense the further we go down this road. > Amazon has enchanted the world with their “prime” badge. I’d say it was more the 24 hour delivery, immense selection and outstanding no fuss returns policy. That has enchanted people. None of us are happy Amazon has such a monopoly but it was won fair and square. > and my wife and I would not have a 3 week lead time on children’s Motrin Pharmacies are still open if it’s urgent. As a Mac user who has had to Switch my workstation machine to PC for performance anything that reduces my reliance on Apple hardware is a great thing. These benefits are available to all employees at all levels though. Why are people so set on trying to eliminate one of the few benefits even the interns can get to enjoy? Why on earth would I ever want to work at a company that doesn't value my posture, reduced risk of RSI or the possible ideas/innovation that can come from me chatting/bonding with my coworkers over a beer. It's a drop in the bucket compared to executive ubers, flights and hotels. > Touch screen controls strike me as not being about cost but being about incredibly lazy UI It's almost always about cost. Touch screens are shocking cheap thanks to smartphones driving the prices down and physical controls can be shockingly expensive per control. > (it was "make sandboxing work" in 2013 and "make dark mode work" recently) Honestly starting to feel like the past 4 years of OS X changes have just been too much burden for the few remaining OS X software developers across the board. I recall when the Mac App Store came about a lot of developers moved their software to it, then sandboxing happened and that seemed like an absolute nightmare for most to implement, then after months of that they started to leave the App Store and then there's Gatekeeper too. Now I'm not saying these are bad things, I definitely see the benefits but there just isn't the mass of engineering talent or money in building OS X software to justify the work required. This has been tangible to me, 6 years ago my Mac was running all Cocoa apps apart from Creative Suite. Today all the apps I'm running are Electron apart from Textmate and Creative Suite. The neglect of the Mac platform and the divvying up of the small Mac userbase into Mac users, iPad users and iPhone users means the future of the OS X app experience is just going to be running Javascript apps in Chrome wrappers. I'd honestly be completely shocked if Sketch wasn't already rewriting into webtech behind the scenes. Think Figma took them completely by surprise, Sketch's success was built on the user experience of a cocoa app feeling much more solid and slick than antiquated Adobe software, don't think they ever expected webtech to be able to compete but obviously with the force behind it and OS X being stagnant, it did. The way things are going you're not really going to have a choice in a few years. But they only do this stuff to make their software seem fast and easy to install for the non-technical users because of the lock down restrictions... App Store, Gatekeeper, etc are now working against what they were supposed to solve and encouraging worse developer behavior. Really the best solution would be tackling the reasons why Zoom are doing this in the first place. Like how they provided a gentler version of Sandboxing to work around pro creative apps being basically unusable in the first versions. The more you lock it down the more bad behavior you'll encourage from less ethical developers. No sorry the BBC we have today is not the BBC you grew up with and the fact that when I buy a TV off Amazon they're informed and start to send me threatening letters straight away demanding their license fee would be considered dystopian and a huge breach of privacy if it were in the US. I love a lot of the BBC programming from the 70s-00s but I have zero interest in funding anything they're making today. They're not even making anything for me anymore. Just too concerned with trying to compete with the big kids not serving the niches that was supposed to be the advantage of a public broadcaster. Happened for the TV I bought in 2017. Lived in a flat for 5 years, buy a TV and then the threatening letters started to arrive the same month. Saw an exhibition of his iPad work recently, really worked well in person because as you approach them the strokes begin to break up into crisp digital primitives. Twitter could honestly solve the issue that just using the app has a seriously negative effect on the mental and therefore physical wellbeing of it's users by offering a simple "Politics" toggle switch in their preferences. They will never do this of course because it will reduce the power and influence of their platform. > he changed significant part of it (raising total final price by 1/3) Have to say the coolest thing about the recent collaboration projects from Ikea is you get work from well regarded product designers at prices everyone can afford. Terminator Future Shock predates it, had 2D guns but the world and enemies were polygons and it even had driveable vehicles. Suppressing David Icke only makes this conspiracy stronger. Icke has close to zero credibility in the UK and well known to believe in lizard people and other such wacky theories. If you stop people knowing he is also talking about this then the only people left to talk about it are the regular normal seeming folks. Channels like this https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsAwM1EqcYXKeIEufJqwWjw/vid... thousands of views per video, seems like any normal bloke you'd chat to down the pub. So well done by silencing a known eccentric you just made the only voices in this conspiracy the normal everyday folks, if regular people searched this theory and Icke popped up they might have actually questioned it because they don't want to be associated with the lizard guy. > It doesn't have a notch, but the screen doesn't go edge to edge Neither does the iPhone 11/Pro they have a very chunky bezel. I was shocked how clunky it actually looks when mine arrived. >until I finally bought a new iPhone and realised that FaceID actually worked much better than I expected Found the opposite, it actually worked far worse than I expected. I can no longer use my phone in bed without having to hold it right up to my face because the tech only works one way up. Found the rest of the innovations it brought underwhelming, like it can tell when I look away for 10 seconds to dim the screen but it doesn't undim it when I look back or the utterly confusing logic for showing me full notifications or not. The amount of times I've had to unlock my phone just to check through notifications is crazy. My iPhone 11 consistently feels like a downgrade in user experience from my 7, even the camera everyone raves so much about doesn't seem that much better to justify how much of the case it now takes up. Still boggles my mind that the Apple device you always use sitting directly in front of has a fingerprint sensor and the Apple device that I use at arms length, laying on my side, glancing down to at an angle, on its side, upside down etc now needs to be directly in front of me and one specific orientation to unlock. No there isn't, they stopped shipping those with them a while back. The longer Apple goes without releasing their AR headset the weirder adding AR to the iPads and iPhones as some sort of developer platform test bed becomes. It's fine for developers but for end users these handheld AR experiences are so frustratingly poor, frustrating in the sense that the tracking and occlusion tech is getting really good but poor that you're experiencing the whole thing through this silly handheld porthole to the world. Just starting to get stranger and stranger that every year for around 5 years now we've had to have Apple showing off these features and we nod along knowing we'll never ever use them but understand they're only there for developers, like this lidar sensor. Noticed this change straight away with my switch to the usb-c generation. Really hate it, makes my laptop feel more like a “device” if you know what i means and makes it feel like the charger is insufficient for its job. Almost 20 years of using PowerBooks and even completely dead you could just plug them in and power worked straight away, now you have to do the 10 minute power button dance and the thing doesn’t even have a startup chime to tell you it’s worked. That's my issue, they keep launching these close to useless features because they're being developed for another product. That's why this feels un-Apple Got into PC building about 2 years ago, when I realized Apple's only real plan for the pro desktop market was the iMac Pro [0] and were never going to make up with Nvidia. Got a shockingly powerful machine for the price it cost me, still less than if I'd got an iMac Pro and dual GPUs for Octane Render and 2TB SSD. What I'm really itching for is a high quality case, there seems to be a ton of premium options for SFF builds but close to zero in ATX or mATX my preferred factor[1]. I'm currently running in a Fractal Define Mini-C which does look ok but still a bit plasticy if I'm going to have a large box in my house I'd honestly by happy paying upwards of $500+ for a premium case if I liked the look of it and it was all quality and looked sophisticated. Probably sounds crazy saying that to most PC builders but at the sort of size a PC is at it's almost a piece of furniture so I'd like it to look good. [0]: It was clear the Mac Pro was dead at that point and todays Mac Pro was only a response to the markets response to the iMac Pro. [1]: Only one I can name is the Cerberus https://www.sliger.com/products/cases/cerberus_x/ which looks great but has niche build requirements. This thing just honestly feels like you had a huge engineering team dedicated to solving this problem with the caveat that you can't just add a kickstand to the iPad itself, which honestly is just a much saner and more useful solution, "Good design is honest" comes to mind. Instead we have this bizarre over-engineered solution that sounds awkward to use and looks pretty ugly. Compared to just opening a kickstand and flipping down a keyboard and still allows you to use your tablet as a tablet. and for $300 they could have used some nicer material, it looks like the stuff a $10 "hardcase" generic carrying case would be made from. >I find that people often don't compare Macs spec for spec I find people often hold one thing from the iMac that's not really relevant as justifying a whole laundry list of failings. I'm including my screen in the price of my build, I have ECC ram and two GPUs and I'm still a fraction of the base model price and outperforming it. We just gonna ignore it runs Beatsaber and VRChat two arguably much more important and popular VR apps than that janky Skyrim port. PCVR is an evolutionary dead end, few adults want giant PC towers in their homes anymore. Even when I demoed PCVR with amazing experiences like Lone Echo people lost interest when I told them no, it wont run on your macbook, you need a tower PC. Yet I demoed them Beatsaber on the quest and a guy ordered one within a minute of taking the headset off, he demoed it at a family BBQ and two of his relatives bought it after. > The 64-bit move already decimated the professional audio space Every architecture switch has casualties, what I feel might be shortsighted by Apple this time is the x86 Cocoa apps that die this time are not going to be replaced by Catalyst iPad ports or ARM builds, they'll be replaced with Electron apps. > I feel Apple is now run by business people https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4VBqTViEx4 So what? iPhone making a ton of money isn't a good excuse for why my laptop made by one of the richest companies in the world is a worse experience than my old MacBook Pro. >I think on-device kickstands are tacky and liable to break, not to mention limited in function. Honestly, try one on the Surface line outstanding engineering. At one point I'd have described it as "Apple quality" but now I honestly think that their industrial design team is surpassing Apple in more areas each year. There is no truly good reason why the iPad doesn't have one. Lot of people have been raving about these new Apple product pages but really they're at the point where some of them are basically just video trailers that you scroll through, and that comes through in terms of information density too. Photoshop doesn't support webp, barely anything supports webp. Although I'm not trying to defend Safari but webp is not a widely used format and absolutely shouldn't be being pushed at this point until I can save an image from a site and actually be able to use it in applications. If you told me 5 years ago that in 2020 I'd have to argue with my engineering team to get them to test in more than one browser I'd have laughed in your face, yet here we are. He was prolific in the conspiracy space and famous in the UK long before YouTube even existed. He doesn't need YouTube to get his opinions out there. Just because they know not to say it anymore doesn't mean they stop thinking it. Which version of Python would you bundle? The community can't even decide on a runtime. This sort of mess caused Apple to ship Python 2.7 with OSX for 10 years and will stop bundling it at all in future [1] [1] https://developer.apple.com/documentation/macos_release_note... (search for python on this page) > * Comes with Python out of the box Not for much longer. "Scripting language runtimes such as Python, Ruby, and Perl are included in macOS for compatibility with legacy software. Future versions of macOS won’t include scripting language runtimes by default, and might require you to install additional packages. If your software depends on scripting languages, it’s recommended that you bundle the runtime within the app." https://developer.apple.com/documentation/macos_release_note... I have same model at work and even ignoring the keyboard the thing has been awful to use. The two ports are a complete nightmare making you have to juggle between power/screen and reliable storage (Tried 5 dongles, none can hold a drive reliably under heavy use). Kernel Panics on waking from sleep almost every day, bluetooth chip crashes and requires restarts to get working again. Not to mention the disgustingly low storage in the base model that my company thinks is fine makes the thing almost unusable for any semblance of "Professional" work other than being a journalist. The design doesn't even feel modern and the bezels are janky compared to whats normal now on the windows side. I understand the new model fixes some of this, but they still thought this thing was absolutely fine to ship for several years now speaks volumes to me. Could have been fixed much quicker, I don't see why we are saying they did a good job on that problem when they just replaced it in exactly the normal product cycle. Could have been fixed within a year but it would have cost more money so nah just ship a faulty product for 4 years they'll eat it up anyway and replace it when we were gonna do a redesign anyway. Mostly because they insist on using supposedly eco-friendly rubber that frays dangerously. Ignoring that me buying 5 chargers across the life of a device is far worse for the environment than just 1. My Titanium Powerbook charger still remains un-frayed and I used that laptop everyday for 9 years.