In it's current state of affairs jQuery mobile is too slow to be a universal solution for mobile. That and it makes everything look like an iPhone app and there are enough people out there who dislikes that particular sense of aesthetics. I honestly don't see jQuery mobile having the same "thing" as plain jQuery had which made it successfull: It stayed out of your way and just worked, without making any assumptions about what you liked and what you wanted beyond that. Any word on how well knockoutjs or other options is working on mobile? They behave differently when clicking on the icon vs the text. IMO that is a design flaw, but I can see how some people would argue it's a matter of taste. But to be completely fair so is the term "awesome". Submission could have been toned down a wee bit. This one is different in the sense that this time the drama over at TechCrunch is actually about TechCrunch itself. Not to sound silly, but contrast this to the usual techcrunch drama (and drama is overly normal over there): Techcrunch being upset that last.fm is calling them full of shit because Techcrunch had some sensationalistic news about last.fm which last.fm was not willing to confirm or deny within 10 minutes and so they went live with the story, unconfirmed, because that is what cutting edge journalism is, because people deserve to know what may or may not be there. Sort of. Wait. Why do people hate us all of a sudden? That sort of drama. Demeaning to the mind and going at a constant rate over at techcrunch.com. So... This is still techcrunch and it is still drama, but at least this time (maybe for the last time?) it's different . Feels refreshing, doesn't it? But we don't know, and no one is telling us. But we like poking bee hives, so we're going to publish this rant anyway... You cannot possibly say that this doesn't sound like how things are always done at techcrunch. Write first, cause drama, then cause more drama by publishing stories about why you cannot fathom that people has an issue about your way of publishing stories and your unclear communication. Then repeat. I've long stopped paying attention to the site at all, but I had to check this one out. Hopefully TC will vanish and the internet will gain something better. Why? vi and its derivates has their own (weird) usage-convention which you will find in no other software anywhere on the planet. Learning them gives you very few transferable skills. Any "Unixy" thing you have around these days will have more resources than most computes did in the mid 90s, and the need for a "lightweight" editor like vi is much, much smaller now than it was back then. Even my Buffalo router has nano. For most Linux distros you install, you typically have nano, pico, joe, jedit or emacs or lots of other editors which (apart from emacs which is its own universe) largely follows the same conventions and at large gives transferable skills. These are IMO much more useful to know. Why should I bother learning an archaic, non-standard editor from an era when "line-editors" were considered bloated? Why should it even be considered "relevant" today? Even more so, why should it be considered "essential"? I really don't agree and I really don't see why vi-users insist everyone need to learn their favourite editor. While I'm still not going to bother with vi, I do have to admit this is probably just another one of those not-widely-known things about "Unix" which deserves some attention. God knows I didn't know about it. Other cute things I have discovered lately: You can actually click in ncurses dialogs running in your terminal, even over SSH, if you run a proper terminal. Coming from a PuTTYish background, that is definitely not obvious ;) This means they are hardware accelerated!!! And still choppy on my Xeon (before going full cycle and starting over again). Too lazy to see if this is an implementation error or a performance issue. And yes, I do realize this is a joke. Just mentioning this as a warning: Just because someone says "hardware accelerated" doesn't mean you should go crazy and stop thinking performance. Same applies to CSS3. Use it wisely. Now I would like to say I am not on Ariana's side. I wanted to point out the blatant hypocracy of Arringrton Anyone who knows a fair bit history around Techcrunch would assume this by default. And Apple takes another PR hit. It's like they want us to hate them. Like the article posted here the other day said "I want a MacBook Air not made by Apple". I think the Macbook Air looks sexy, but no way I'm funnelling money into an organisation this hellbent on taking away my choices. Here's hoping Apple and it's power-crazy, trigger-happy lawyers are a short-lived phenomenon which goes away when people stop buying their products as a protest. Copyright protection is granted on the promise that the work will eventually be given to the public domain. As this is obviously never going to happen, I say the copyright holders have failed to hold up their end of the bargain, and we as a society has no longer any obligation to protect their works. The claim made is that copyright must be extended to properly encourage the creation of new works of art. Beatles' made their entire discography under copyright laws which would put their works in the public domain by now. Seemingly the shorter copyright didn't stop them from recording music back then. And how has extending copyright encouraged them to make more music? Right. It haven't. With the public domain effectively a thing of the past, we should do away with copyright as well. I hope this submission doesn't signal an era of meme-worship here on Hacker News. "Fail" may just be borderline, but it sure triggers my radar. The flood of memes slid slowly in the back-door at reddit, one innocent step at a time. Questioning this often got you the comment that you were old, stiff and lacked the funny-gene. Time passed and look at what a worthless trollhole reddit eventually became. I hope to see fewer submissions like this on HN in the future. Agreed on the multitasking. iOS was never incapable of general multitasking, easily shown by its Unix-basis and easily demonstrated by jailbreaking. It was however intentionally crippled to not allow arbitrary application-level multitasking because Apple decided it didn't serve them well. So as far as a normal user was concerned the OS was incapable of multitasking. So while inaccurate, that statement is not entirely off. You could not create an application and reliably have it do stuff in the background on iOS. Apart from that I have to disagree with your statement: I find the rest entirely reasonable and valid criticism. And I have no doubt about the conclusion: The future of iOS will be more blatant stealing from Android. And that is OK . Really it is. Just stop that nonsense about Apple being the innovator. With posts like these censored from HN, no wonder pro-Apple bias stays the way it is here. The Apple proponents on this site probably have no idea what's going on outside their Apple-coloured windows and the first time they hear about anything is when Apple announces it on a keynote. Because painting Apple as the one doing copying will get you flagged the hell out of forums like this one. So yeah. This gets flagged, but Gruber's trollbait and Apple-praise goes? Facts are bad, but reinforced, artificially rosed up Apple-gardens are good? WTH. Can we please have an "unflag"-button to save articles from the censorship of Apple fanatics? Pretty please? iPlease? Most people on HN. Or at least so it seems when reading this site. Heck, even this article was flagged and removed, while Gruber's trollbait about Apple innovation is always gold here. Go figure. And San Fransisco bloggers writing in a coffee-shop on leached wifi on their Macbook Airs. These people have never heard about anything at all until Apple announces it at a keynote. The people who didn't consider "Folders. Reinvented" a joke, they say so. You know... These kind of people. The say that. Oh certainly. But the free passes and ridiculous praise Apple gets on this site does get annoying and it does manage to annoy me. In fact my ill conception of Apple users comes mostly from people I see on sites like this and in other forms in the online community. Make of that what you like, but at least I am intellectually honest about it. I'll honour your long, proper reply with what I hope is an equally proper one. I'll just quote your first question, but hopefully that touches within enough of the subjects you mentioned. I wonder if you ever even touched an iPhone or iOS device? You certainly never used one. I was stuck with one for over two years. An iPhone 3G. It was my replacement phone for my old Windows Mobile phone (some HTC S730 or something) and the level of polish on that iPhone was amazing . It blew me away. For a while it made me accept its locked down nature, all the things my old phone could do, but this one could not. I even accepted fucking iTunes . The polish made it all OK. But as I used it more and more, added more apps, I saw how none of them played together. I noticed every single time that how no matter what you wanted to do, the only way to do that was go back to the homescreen, locate another app, then re-locate your data, then continue working on what you wanted to do. Want to shoot a picture, modify the colours and then upload that modified picture to facebook? Well start the camera app. Close. Go back to home, and find and open your picture editor app. Then navigate and relocate your picture. Edit. Save. Then go back to the homescreen, open the facebook app and the click post and then try to relocate your now modified image and I'm sure you get my idea. This OS has absolutely no flow . There is polish, but there is no true elegance to anything on that platform. Every minor little thing involves hastles, indirection. Because the OS was designed to do simple things and simple things only. The OS itself smears its own inelegance onto everything it runs. My example was only for a picture. For other file-types iOS doesn't even allow inter-app interaction because as we all know, "iOS devices has no files". In Android? Shoot, send to editor, edit, send to Facebook. Done. How simple is that? And I've never even touched a file. But I can if I want to. And this is very important. Eventually iOS drove me crazy. It was artificailly limited, crippled, had a too simple design and everything it did was flawed somehow, just to accommodate that sense of polish. I see Apple are doing desperate catching up these days to try to get on level with Android in terms of sophistication, but iOS is simply at its core too simple to allow that. The additions to bring it up Androids levels feels tacked on, not designed and as a part of the experience. So trust me: I've certainly used an iOS device, for long periods of time. For a while I even thought I liked it. But I am very certain that I will never, ever set my foot in iOS country again. It just feels wrong, locked down and artificial. And every tiny action you do creates squeaky noises. Squeaky noises saying "you need to go back to the homescreen and start all over again. Again". Thanks but no thanks. It is my humble opinion that iOS has been a stale OS for a very long time now, and the only innovation happening on iOS is as a result of direct copying from Android. As this (now censored) article so very clearly highlights. But try to start a discussion about such a topic on HN, and you will get labeled troll and censored or driven off site. You get censored because you say Apple is not an innovator. Why? I don't know. I could guess weird conspiracy theories. Or I could just assume that there are enough Apple fanatics on this site which instantly doesn't like what they see and clicks "flag". I honestly don't know, but anything critical against Apple gets shot down dead on this site like no other place on the internet. And if I know that level of censoring is happening on one subject which I pay attention to, what about those other topics? Are they being censored as well? What are being censored here on HN? Currently I find the uncertainty about that somewhat startling and I have considered stopping going here for that reason. So let me start this one off by saying "developers! developers! developers!" This isn't Windows 8 RTM, this is Windows (7-to-become-8) Developer Preview where they show off where they are heading, give you a chance to get a feel for it, get a feel for the design-language Microsoft is putting out here and allow you to adapt your applications to this new format. Because this is really such a new format, you need to play with it to get it. So yes, this is very incomplete. In it's current state it is not intended as a production OS to replace Windows 7 either. It's a developer preview. It's supposed to bring developers up to speed on the Windows 8 platform and how you build for it. Lots of people are treating this as a beta, almost like an RTM, and I honestly think people doing that is missing the point entirely. I thought Windows Phone 7 didn't support Silverligth in the browser and that is was only intended for application (you know, App) development. Please do correct me if this has changed and I am wrong. Completely unrelated, but if the article didn't overwhelm you, the linked video session really is worth checking out. http://channel9.msdn.com/Events/BUILD/BUILD2011/BPS-1004 It shows just how much attention to detail Microsoft has put into the UX design of Metro and Windows 8. Can't wait to see the finished product. The people at Apple just want to make damn good products. They are proud as hell of those products. They work very hard to make them that damn good. It's very hard to read the rest of your comment and not have you mentally pre-positioned as a fanboy. I'm not saying this to be a troll, but because comments like this really do stand out. Would you give any other company this sort of slack you are now giving Apple? If so, why not? And while that may not be such an interesting discussion in itself, I am not willing to support and hand over my money to someone acting against freedom of choice, because someone else on the internet says "Don't worry: These people are good guys. Really!" Freedom isn't free. Again. I would love to see anyone make this sort of defense for Oracle or Microsoft. I'm no dumber for owning an iPhone Maybe not dumber, but you have locked your mind to the most restrictive of the mobile OS platforms out there and the limited workflows it allows. I would be very surprised if this didn't also limit your ways of thinking about how problems can be solved. The iPhone is a glorious, crowning achievement of engineering that still, years later, Microsoft and Google are struggle to replicate. Absolutely revolting fanboy talk. I tend to find the iPhone a glorified piece of needlessly heavy electronics running visually polished but annoyingly limited software, which fails at the most basic of tasks, like sending data from one app to another via something called "files". You want to talk about freedom? I'm free from thinking about memory management. And processor utilization. And data loss. So am I. On my Android phone. While my iPhone 3G had constant memory-problems because it wasn't built to multi-task. Oh well. Why is it iPhone owners seems to default on Android being an immature platform, cite Android 1.6 problems, while any factual representation of the limitations found in current iOS releases is answered with "iOS next" and that is supposed to be a valid answer, free from hypocrisy? Seriously. You guys need to get out of the Apple store more often. It may actually be starting to dumb you down. Just don't accuse a team of hard working, talented people of being out to take your freedom. Are you saying the people working on Android, Metro and platforms not owned by Apple are not talented or hard working? If not, why is the manner in which Apple people are working really relevant? You are simply evading the point. It seems like to you, your ownership of Apple devices is a personal obligation to defend Apple from its "enemies". It isn't. Again I am forced to asked why you are doing this. It taints the rest of your argument and makes everything you do sound awfully much like zeal, and not like a rational opinion. Oh absolutely. I have no doubt about that. In fact, saying anything else would be absurd. However I think it's fair to recognize the difference between someone merely (very) happy about their Apple stuff and someone who seemingly is personally insulted when it is suggested that Apple is (shock!) a normal corporation following a normal corporation's need and desire to profit, doing some ethical comprosises on the way. And looking at snprbob86's post here, it's full of seemingly personal feelings when discussing this topic. It's almost this short of saying "Dear sir. You have defiled my lovers honour and I challenge you to a duel". I have to say he/she seems like the glorious, crowning achievement of the Apple PR-Department which is hellbent on making Apple-Products a matter of personal honour and identity. And it's very freaky to observe from the outside. He lost me when he constructed a false problem by claiming that the result of a query sent through the ORM has to result in discrete objects mapping 100% to the "base-form" of the objects, ie their table-based definition and that this causes immense problems when you have relations and dependencies based on those. In C#, using LInQ I can specify exactly what columns I want, how I want things joined, and how the resulting object should composed, without the need for adding additional named classes or augment my data-model. I get control of what gets sent to my DB and I get only the information I need returned, in the form I desire. And I certainly hope that C# still qualifies as an OOP language. His rant seems to be that inadequate ORMs is an anti-pattern. But isn't investing anything in something you know to be inadequate by definition an anti-pattern? He is making his own circular argument and then trying to sneak up the scope beyond what is valid. Needless to say, I think his argument is simplified, based on dated information and this invalid. While the methodology used is somewhat lacking (as lots of others have commented on here) I don't think the claim sounds entirely unreasonable either. Anyone on any platform can develop Android-apps. At least any platform with a JVM, and that's quite a few. Only people who have invested in Mac-hardware can create iPhone apps. That represents around 7% of the machines out there (according to wikipedia :1). Mac- usage may be rising, but Mac is clearly the underdog, and developers are not that different from most people. So the statistics implies that most developers are not using Macs. So if we accept these terms as reasonable , and they remain reasonably unchanged over time, there being more iOS developers than Android developers would in fact be a very, very strange thing. I'm not saying this data proves anything, but I don't think it proves anything the other way other as some commenters here have hinted (like the Android SDK being of significantly lower quality than iOS SDK). I can't possibly be the only one here thinking along these lines? :1 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usage_share_of_operating_system... Edit: Downvoted? Why? Genuinely curious here. My Asus Eee Pad Transformer with maxed specifications (32Gb storage, 3G & wifi and keyboard dock with SD-card reader, USB-slots and about 8 hours extra battery-time) costs me the same as an 16GB 3G iPad 2. That's a 16GB storage and keyboard dock in delta, and not in Apple's favour. It may be a more favourable comparison if you go for the plain iPad, but Apple doesn't sell them any more, at least not where I live. Anyway: Putting out "iPads are cheaper" as blanket statement like that is either uninformed, dishonest or plain trolling. My point was that compared to the Android-option the iPad is more expensive. The minimum config Transformer is cheaper than the minimum config iPad. I've even backed my statement up with numbers. What part about that is trolling? You are the one with blanket-statements and no data. Also, seriously? 'My old account evidently got flagged "troll" for speaking against the Apple-worship cult found on HN.' PG emailed me telling me I had been a bad boy. Now that account is thrown in the deep end of the QOS pool and the site is slow as fuck unless I log on with another account. Besides that votes are not recorded (which is easy to verify using two accounts) and the account is not allowed to submit stories to HN at all. So yes. Seriously. Edit: Sigh . Downvotes? Thinking about doing Android-apps. And definitely thinking about exploiting the platforms (current) lack of tablet-optimised apps to make my own stand out. Great to see that HN thinks this is bad now the Microsoft does it. Back when Lion and its app-store was discussed not a single comment with a positive score opposed this. Personally I am mostly negative to this idea no matter who does it, but I am also willing to give Microsoft the benefit of the doubt here. At least they haven't messed it up yet . Apple has already proven that they are willing to abuse that sort of power and I can't understand why anyone would trust them again. Hopefully the walled gardens (all over) will prove to be a temporary thing, although I can't say I see any signs of that happening yet. Samsung Galaxy S 1 & 2 (international versions). Sorry. Didn't spot any of that in Firefox. Here's a copy & paste: iPhone 5 has a big problem - By Joe Wilcox, Published 2 days ago Apple has been doing a good job covering it up. As I've so often asserted: In business, perception is everything. Successful companies often create positive perceptions about their brands, products and business practices. But there also is the tactic of misdirection, of controlling perceptions by getting people to look somewhere else so that they miss flaws with the company's products or business strategies. Apple uses "magical" to describe some of its products. Magicians are all about getting people to look over there so they don't see the secret behind the trick over here. Apple's patent assault on Samsung, and even HTC, is very much misdirection, so that eyes turned away from iPhone 5 problems. I should have connected the dots sooner. About two weeks ago, I asked: "Is Apple engaging in innovation by intimidation?", where I explained the implications of Apple singling out Android creator Andy Rubin in a patent suit against HTC. Rubin worked for the Apple filers of an obscure 1994 patent part of the HTC case. The intimidating message: Anyone who worked for Apple could be guilty of intellectual property theft by association, and the companies now employing them. In August, I asserted that "Apple is a patent bully", as it's clear that legal attacks against HTC, Samsung and others aren't so much about protecting Apple intellectual property rights but asserting them as competition by litigation. Proof point: Apple's IP cases are focused at major competitors. Particularly, Apple has systematically increased legal attacks against Samsung, as its market success has grown. Apple isn't seeking damages so much as to stop Galaxy S II smartphone and Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet from launching in many countries. Making Excuses But I failed to fully connect the dots, as Elias Samuel brilliantly has done in today's post: "Apple’s iPhone 5 Dilemma: Is it Samsung Galaxy S2 or Android OS?" Samuel puts the patent lawsuits in another context: Apple's late delivery of iPhone 5. Of course! "Backed by huge production of the upcoming iPhone 5 and cheaper iPhone 4S, Apple has revealed its fear of Samsung phones as they continue to sue them for patent infringements", he writes. Yes. Yes. Look at how things really are. The first four iPhones launched in summer -- July for the original model and June for the others. But June 2011 passed without a new iPhone. First there were rumors of August, then September, more recently October and now perhaps even later -- as new rumors (if you believe them) suggest a production delay. But if you take a close look at the rumors -- and leaks behind -- they are really a series of justifying excuses for why iPhone is shipping later and that it's okay. Let's be clear: Apple changed its delivery pattern for iPhone. It's a delay, and a big one. Potential buyers, carriers, peripheral partners, software developers and Wall Street analysts clearly expected summer launch before June's Worldwide Developer Conference when the company said that iOS 5, and presumably iPhone 5 with it, wouldn't ship until autumn. Samsung Rises Meanwhile, Samsung launched the hugely successful Galaxy S II, which has set sales records for the company and helped propel it to a close rivalry with Apple. During second quarter, Apple shipped 20.3 million smartphones, with Samsung following close behind with 19.2 million units, according to IDC. A year earlier, Samsung shipped just 3.1 million smartphones. Do the math -- that's 520 percent year-over-year growth. Samuel rightly concludes: "By suing Samsung, Apple has actually taken away the public attention from the problems the company is facing, of late. After Samsung Galaxy S2 was received with rave reviews, it looks like Apple, which usually launches the iPhone versions in June failed to introduce their next iPhone". Reviews are sizzling: "The Galaxy S II's screen is nothing short of spectacular", writes Vlad Savov for Engadget. Praise continues -- from the "onscreen keyboard is terrific" to "general responsiveness is absolutely exemplary". Savov concludes: "It's the best Android smartphone yet, but more importantly, it might well be the best smartphone, period". Another: "The finest Android phone we've seen so far, the Samsung Galaxy S II isn't just a competitor to the current iPhone. It competes with the next iPhone", writes Sascha Segan for PC Mag.com, giving the smartphone an "Editor's Choice" rating. That last statement is the clincher. Samsung already is one generation ahead of Apple. Apple's Indecision Samuel emphasizes: As most predictions point towards two models being produced -- iPhone 4S and iPhone 5 -- it is becoming evidently clear that the iPhone 4S which should have been introduced earlier would have lost the appeal of its iPhone fans had it been released along side Galaxy S2. Hence, Apple’s rampant rumor that the iPhone 5 prototype was lost in a bar and suing Samsung paved the way to deflect the public curiosity from the company’s actual issues. The IP attacks against Samsung make the South Korean electronics giant appear to be the bad guy -- a copycat of Apple's good work. But the lawsuits serve another purpose, generating news about Apple vs Samsung rather than Samsung the successful competitor vs Apple the suddenly indecisive. Seemingly every day, this misdirection keeps pageview-hungry blogs and news sites writing about the lawsuits rather than asking the big question: Why hasn't iPhone shipped yet? Apple is undergoing a major leadership change, which occurred during the late-stages of iPhone 5 development. What? You think Steve Jobs gave Apple's board or new CEO Tim Cook no advance notice? Surely, his eventual resignation, and ongoing health problems impacted his participation in the iPhone development process. Meanwhile, Samsung emerged as a sudden, unexpected competitor. The lawsuits are as much, if not more, about misdirection as they are enforcing Apple patent rights. Apple is grappling with co-related problems: A serious smartphone competitor's emergence and unfortunately-timed leadership change. iPhone 5 will be the first major Apple product launch of the post-Steve Jobs era. Is misdirection really the measure of executive execution? I've been feeling dirty, but for other reasons. Anything I post critical of Android and Microsoft on Hacker news gets voted up. Most criticism I post about Apple gets voted deeply sub-zeroed or for submissions, flagged and removed. And it has gotten much, much worse the last 6 months. Hacker News is definitely turning into the monoculture Paul Graham said (here on this site) that he wanted to prevent. At this point I feel the value of having a discussion about matters here has dropped sharply and is continuing to do so. What's the point of commenting when it will get minus'ed, despite backing your comment with verifiable data? Meanwhile the ones saying something equivalent of "I disagree (but I have no argument)" gets top votes. What's the point of submitting stories when you know it will get flagged and censored? A culture of censorship and self-affirmation. Do really I want to be a part of that? What is interesting is that I observe the deepest abuse of the moderation system after morning has hit the US continent. During European working hours this place is usually quite civilized. At this point Hacker news seems to contain at least two widely different cultures. I sense a clash or divide of some sort coming in the near future. Thinking about it, my feelings right now tells me that this place has turned into a smaller, but much worse mob-rule than reddit ever was. And I quit reddit because of the completely uncritical mob-rule found there. Time to do some reflection around my online-habbits. I hear Google+ is a great place for reasonable hacker-type discussion these days. It must be nice having a legal monopoly upheld for you on a whole market segment. But by all means, lets ignore Apple banning competition en-masse. Lets discuss how Microsoft is leeching money of competing platforms instead. That's just so much better. I'm seriously looking forward to a future without all this patent bullshit. Doing any real business in this climate seems borderline impossible. And doing any kind of innovation seems even harder. Yeah. If anything it should be called "iOS patterns". There's very little here to extract as general mobile patterns, and lots of these "patterns" would collide massively with both Android and WP7 if employed in an app. The fact that this website doesn't even work well on a PC should really tell how iOS-centered it is. Some people may think users don't care, and that everyone loves the iWay, but I've seen complaints on Android market that "this is just a copy of the iPhone-app. We want an Android app". Why? Because the UI semantics are different enough, well beyond the point of noticeable. On three times as many US carriers though. That's quite a bit of a difference, given how carrier-availability seems to dictate phone purchases in the US. As far as failures come, the only thing I have heard about diaspora are the following things: * Source-code full of freshman's mistakes and security exploits. Basically not-to-be-trusted quality code, released to the public for deployment. * All money invested in the project wasted without anything to show for. * I know absolutely nobody using diaspora, expect one person. * This person attempted to invite me, and diaspora failed to send me the invite email. Now he cannot invite me again. It's a laughing stock. For the parts of the internet which has even heard about it. Which is the minority of the internet. As a social network this is a failure on absolutely every aspect I can find measures for. The goals were admirable, but goals alone wont win you any credit. You have to get there as well. Diaspora didn't and most likely wont. Let's repeat what the nice mister said; "The author is saying that Apple's trick is getting people to focus on option 1 to the exclusion of options 2 and 3, exactly as you do here." You mean it is obviously anything apart from the Macbook itself maybe having a loud fan noise. I think I have read an article about this sort of behaviour and reasoning somewhere. That's hardly "just released". It has been out for years. I love living in a country where the government realizes it is too technologically inept to try to legislate and regulate the internet. It just creates normal laws for the normal world, and whenever things from the internet crosses borders to the real world (like Amazon-orders) that just falls under the normal laws for mail-order businesses. That seems reasonable and fully sufficient to me. Accidentally bans ultrabooks in the process. http://mashable.com/2012/02/15/apple-patents-macbook-air/ Read what Gruber writes about that Gatekeep feature: Read what the world's biggest Mac-shill has to say to defend the world's least open company and biggest patent-troll? Thanks, but no thanks. I'll go for something open and free, and you wont get anything like that out of Cupertino. This works, but it still looks dirty, mostly due to javascript's lack of concise lambda-syntax. If you want to use a functional language, it would seem more fitting to create an actual functional language with actual list comprehension, something javascript is ridiculously weak at, and so on. Ofcourse that would then have to be compiled into something which runs in the browser. Another argument for web-bytecode I guess. Edit: To not just throw hot air around, I tried doing something similar (with typing on top!) during a weekend long long ago. I wasn't happy about the result, but I left the code online. For those curious about my take on the same problem: http://code.kjonigsen.net/js/spicejs/test.html You'll have to view the source to see how it works, and open the web-developer console to see the output. iOS only? Meh. It really is true: iOS is the new MSIE. Somewhere down the road iOS-only code will not be accepted, and then we have tons of code already deployed which will never work on anything else, unless Apple's non-standard JS and webkit extensions are accounted for in other browsers. This is hopeless and pathetic. And HN will love it. I hear Apple and patents have a good track-record of ending up as standardized, reusable technology. A very good track, record indeed. If this has been already patented by the Cupertino-based patent-troll, it is by definition doomed as a standard. This guy so doesn't get it. It's almost as if he is trolling. SIM cards (as implemented everywhere in the world except the US) is made to allow exactly the portability which he seeks. I fail to see why it is even linked here. Edit: Also why is he illustrating this with an iPhone ? Is it for lulz that he in the name of advocating openness links to the closest closed phone of all out there? I'm voting troll here. That's remarkably chaotic. And slow, even on pretty decent developer hardware. Please don't let HTML5/CSS3 turn into DHTML, and all over again. Please don't let HTML5/CSS3 turn into DHTML, and all over again. Please don't let HTML5/CSS3 turn into DHTML, and all over again. My jokes about a possible NoHTML5-extension is slowly but surely turning more and more into a viable idea. I guess this answers my question as to how people would react if was Microsoft and not Google which tried to come out with their own proprietary HTTP-replacement protocol. And quite frankly I'm not surprised about the answer. RIM said it shipped 11.1 million BlackBerry smartphones and more than 500,000 PlayBook tablets last quarter. I absolutely refuse to believe those numbers. I've seen noone with a Blackberry tablet and I'm surrounded by geeks at home and at work. Spotting Android-tablets is hard enough (I have one and besides that I know one other guy IRL which does as well), but Playbooks are practically non-existent. Can we please stop using the silly Apple marketing gimmick "retina display" yet? It's a high-DPI display. Lots of devices have it. Lets not attempt to pretend there's anything Apple-specific about that. Granted, the MP3-comparison made no sense, but you are rolling your eyes to obvious observations. A programmer who worked with the compilers on the Convex C3800 series supercomputers related his experience as "having to program as if the compiler was my ex-wife's lawyer." Reading this made me realize very few people fully appreciate how good compilers have become these days. I'll add some love to the MS C# compiler, despite its shortcomings, just because whoever worked on it absolutely deserves some love. If this site is anything to go by: very, very true. I'm surprised it took Apple this long since launching (the relatively overpriced) iCloud before they started acting like they always do: anti-competitive and monopolistic. In the name of UX ofcourse. It couldn't possibly be because unethical market grabs tend to generate money. Remember: Apple doesn't really care about money. They care about you and all that money they make is just accidental. So you saw how Apple burned all the bridges between you and your customers, and left just a thin rope for you to hang on to. You just saw this and still you think basing your business on anything controlled by Apple is a good idea? Seriously? Yeah. Google+ got me labeled as a spammer as well. I had no idea, until I got told (in person) much, much later at some party that I was "spamming them". Thanks for handling your social network in a non-evil way Google. Appreciated. SPDY is overrated and only has traction because Google decided to make it. So far the data shows that the severely limited gains it provides, it provides at the cost of significant complexity. I sure as hell could appreciate a new HTTP- standard , which was brought to the field by having professionals (maybe even IETF!) work together and reason about things publically, not just have Google hijack the process, dump shit out, saying "that's what we have implemented. if you want to compete with us, you will have to take this package", and then after the fact release some docs and claim it's open. You know. SPDY just smells bad wherever you look. I'd like for the new HTTP protocol to be something you can trust HTTP: Stateless, simple, plain-text, open, extendable. One request, one resource. Etc. SPDY: Not-stateless, not-plaintext, includes complecting factors like prioritization and multiplexing. I say that is several orders of magnitudes of increased complexity and uncertainty baked into a protocol. Result: Much less than an order of magnitude in improved response-time. I say SPDY comes at such a cost that it cannot be considered worth it. Especially when you consider it comes at the added cost of handing over control of one of internet's main protocol's to a single company to be developed behind closed doors, such as Google is already doing with SPDY. I'm flabbegastered that people aren't reacting to this. Had Microsoft being doing anything like this, people would be calling their senators to start investigations. But with Google it is evidently all cool. You'd think people would remember the cost of handing over the internet to one single company, when the results of last time we did that is still plaguing us today (IE). As for source, this one should do: http://www.theverge.com/2012/5/3/2995881/google-spdy-speed-t... Spdy is already being further developed behind closed door, like a closed standard, owned by Google. This should really be enough of a reason not to trust them with the task of developing this protocol. http://www.theverge.com/2012/5/3/2995881/google-spdy-speed-t... So like... A company bragging about itself in a way to make employees work more without asking to get paid for it? Can't say I've seen anything like that before. How original this makes Apple! Back to real life: every company claims to be best, unique or something like that. Some hollow, BS claim to motivate their employees. But just because they print it on a poster doesn't make it any more real. Apple is heartless corporation like all others. This can easily be seen in their profit-margins: They care about money more than anything else. I don't see why Apple fanboys feels the need to make Apple anything more, you know, like a special corporation, which cares about them, personally. If you think that sounds obnoxious or facetious, I've seen people here on HN make those exact claims. Anyway: It's a corporation. Making money. Often in ethically shady ways. Nothing more, nothing less. Like every other corporation. Well, adding support for Retina displays is definitely an iOS-specific thing (at least right now). Not "right now". As long as you intend to support "retina displays", it will always be an Apple-specific thing. If you want to support something as general as high-DPI devices, you know, something concrete and not an Apple marketing-term, there are certainly lots of those being made and sold as we speak. They run Android and are not made by Apple. You might want to consider supporting those as well. Fair enough and I guess you are free to do that. Still: targetting "retine display devices" is wrong for a multitude of reasons. You don't want your website to be tailored for a device which has 4x the number of pixels of another very specific device made by one vendor only. That is not the problem you are trying to solve. The problem you are trying to solve is creating a DPI-independent site layout which exploits the resolution and estate available, while degrading gracefully on lower class devices. If your solution to that problem is making your website hardcoded to fit two devices made by one vendor, as long as they remain true to leaving everything pixel perfect as they are now, for all eternity, needless to say, it's not a good nor elegant solution. It's the "This website was made for MSIE" of olden days all over again, only this time for Apple-devices. And thats just not going to cut it. On HN I'd rewrite the last part of the statement "but it's only a big deal if Microsoft does it". Around here, Apple can be as abusive and monopolistic as it likes, and nobody will raise their eyes from their MBPs at all. ...WinRT. It wadls written in c# which is where the issue is I think... You can write WinRT in C++ as well. This was shown again and again on the Build Windows launch conference. Edit: I don't know how restricted the WinRT APIs are though and how being restricted to those (as opposed to the traditional Win32 APIs) affects what you can implement and not. Edit2: This post seems to answer it. Browsers will have issues. http://www.freelists.org/post/luajit/FYI-No-JIT-on-Windows-8... Honest question: Is this any different from on iOS? Are you allowed to create native code-generators on iOS? If not, why do we all of a sudden care about this now? What will change? Before was Flash, now is HTML5? More like non-standardized parts which currently are working drafts only. But seeing how just saying "this is standard HTML, really!" again and again and again worked for the What WG, I guess there is nothing wrong in browser-vendors attempting to do the same to get their proprietary extensions embedded into the standard as well. At least it's not much worse . All is good in browser-wars and love, etc. Admittedly windows could do address space randomization which would make the exploit harder According to Wikipedia, Windows provides one of the best ASLR on the market. I'm not sure why you are singling out Windows as a weak point here. Windows has for a long time been the prime target of most exploits, and thus have spent considerable effort, on OS-level, to prevent the potential damage. OS X for instance, has almost none of the OS-level security features found in Windows and is a much easier target to exploit. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Address_space_layout_randomizat... While definitely an interesting development in computing, I find the advertising used disingenuous. They advertise "built-in anti virus" all over, when the truth probably is that there is no anti-virus at all. You can argue that there is a lack of need for this and as such advertising for a device without mentioning anti virus at all would make it seem "unsafe" or confusing for the less technically inclined. But still claiming it has things it doesn't just to make the marketing department's job easier is in my books disingenuous. It's factually inaccurate. It's a lie. To me it sounds like "Macs can't have viruses" all over again: It supposedly is safe and "has anti-virus" because it isn't Windows. That's pretty cheap and far from factual. While Chrome OS is definitely the most web-first platform out there, right now that does not really work to its advantage. Right now Android has the massive advantage in being able to work reasonably well while offline, something you can just forget with most web apps run on top of Chrome OS. For a "desktop PC" I'm sure Chrome OS will be more than sufficient, since internet connectivity is not going to be an issue. For mobile devices however, you must always assume connectivity is missing, flaky or slow. When web-apps finally get the whole offline thingie working a web-first option will become much more of a real option also for mobile, but it's the web which will need to drive it, not the other way around. Not all apps have been designed to work when offline and use local storage, local services etc. Most web apps will expect you to have constant connectivity in order to work or be useful. IOW: Just because web-browsers support offline, doesn't mean the apps does it. Why does a computer (a physical general computation device) need, require or trust keys from Microsoft (one singular software vendor) in the first place? If this isn't defined as monopoly-abuse, I don't know what is. If this is the US's response to people relocating outside US borders for their business because of asinine US privacy and copyright-laws, I don't think it will play out to their advantage in the end. The one lesson learned here from everyone involved is: Whatever you do, do not involve US companies in your business. It's interesting that in the US, the country which has attempted to push this legislation on everyone else, that Obama declined to reject it because "it was an internationally binding agreement" before almost anyone else has voted on it or ratified it. Hopefully this is the beginning of an end in the US-led international abuse of copyright law. Copyright law needs to reform and it needs to get back to its roots. It needs to get back to being limited and it needs to get back to being a temporary monopoly. The public domain, the one thing which copyright law was actually created to ensure, is dying before our very eyes and noone seems willing to save it. Chrome for Android has "learned" this lesson too. And you can tell when launching a link with Chrome set as the default browser. The Chrome UI (Chrome) will load instantly and then it will sit there idly and do nothing and be irresponsive for a few seconds before it wakes up and starts loading the page. Actually Chrome is pretty slow, but it is deceptively attempting to give the impression that it is fast. It's gotten on my nerves to the point that I have replaced it with Firefox beta as my new default browser. I general I oppose tricks like this. They are annoying and counter-intuitive. Most users will probably wonder why the UI which is present on screen is irresponsive, etc. Having a loading-screen or showing that you are not ready is much better than lying. While that is a valid solution to the problem, it is also tippy-toing around why the problem is there in the first place. And that is what I was curious about. Copyright should only be long enough to encourage creation of content. Back in the days, when things moved a million times slower than they do today, 14 years was more than sufficient to encourage mass creation of content. No author's life plus plus bullshit. 14 years. That's what you got to monetize. No more. I see no reason it should be anything more today. This really makes you wonder at what point do you go from calling something "some digital nudging about between nations" to "war". To me this seems to qualify as terrorism and sabotage on all accounts. I'm pretty sure I know how the US would react if they had been on the receiving end of this sort of attack. Official release notes mentions that performance have been improved compared to the last beta. How much it has improved is not mentioned. Guess you'll have to DL and see for yourself ;) Frankly, I have also not really liked that jQueryMobile, and jQueryUI used the jQuery name because it killed the prospects of better alternative projects, but at least they had endorsement. What personally put me off jQueryMobile was that it seeks to make everything look like iOS, and to me, that's a no go. That and it being balls slow, even on pretty good hardware. Without being able to piggyback on the jQuery moniker I absolutely refuse to believe it would have been able to make it on its own. And as such, I definitely agree with your point about killing prospects of alternative projects. It's sorely needed. 1. As someone else noted, literally years since you ever had to touch config file by hand. Use Ubuntu, you'll love it. Sure. But that wont cure a fundamental problem with the X11/Xorg infrastructure. You cannot quickly and switch desktop orientation, resolution and layout (not to mention drivers) seamlessly like on Windows without killing your entire X-session. Killing your entire session. Jeez. At the root of this problem is an architecture which is lagging on what Microsoft could deliver in Windows 98. You cannot make Windows and reboot-jokes while you have this Achilles-heel dragging your video subsystem. You seriously cannot. And no new version of Ubuntu can overcome this underlying issue, no matter how much fluff and candy they add elsewhere, as long as they rely on the ancient relic that is X11. As far as I know, when Google decided to make Android and ChromeOS (a complete failure as far as any metric goes, but still worth mentioning) they decided: 1. to base it on Linux, because that makes sense and 2. not to base it on X11 because they wanted it to be flexible and they wanted their users not be limited by what architects could think of in the 1984. For end-user Linux to ever become user-friendly Xorg needs a complete architectural overhaul. I cannot see anyone arguing this. And even if seemingly everyone agrees on this, nobody is pushing forward for it to happen. Make of that what you like. Ask Apple for something equivalent of Windows COM+ and convince them they have a good reason for doing so once they stop laughing, and then you might have it. This seems like a pretty obvious (and simple) response to Google's Chromebox. If Speak for Yourself had developed an app for Android they would have had none of these problems. None. Zilch. There are several markets. There are several stores. You can install standalone APKs if you like. The nature of the platform protects you from the likes of Apple. That there are options doesn't make Apple any more right here. I'm not saying that. But there are other platforms than Apple's closed circus. And people should consider them. With time I hope people will see that value in an open platform. That these people, those who have their daughter threatened to be re-muted by Apple, that they still insist on using Apple's hardware is a mystery to me. You would at least think that they saw why choosing Apple is fundamentally wrong for any person who considers himself free. If you're not free to do with your own property as you please, how much of a free being are you really? But you can still install any APK you can download. You don't even need a store. You, as a user, are protected from this modern-day corporate censorship. And that makes the platform infinitely more attractive to anyone who values freedom. So you say there is more money to be had on iOS. I'm sure that is nice, as long as the one ruler decides that you are permitted to operate there. I wonder how safe it feels doing working on a platform where you know that someone else, without any justification what so ever, can pull the rug under your business and say "so be it". You know, like we read about all the time with regard to iOS. Businesses dead because Apple declared them so. Nice. You seem to think that when I value Android over iOS, I do so because I prefer one corporate entity over another. That would be a false assumption. I value Android because the platform is open and will never own me . I know this because I have cloned the Android git-repo, built it and deployed the build on my phone. From open source code to a working platform which I can use. You will have to work very hard to convince me that this isn't open, that this isn't free and that somehow my preference for this platform is entirely corporate fanboying. If you somehow see that as "cannot be reasoned with", I think you may be in need of a mirror. I'm not going to complain about options, but to me Knockout.js looks better and more featured. I'm not going to jump on something new, just because it came out of Google. People will pay lots of money for a MBP with a dead, non-replaceable battery? I'm sorry, but I think you are quite mistaken on this one. I'm sorry, but you'll need to back up that claim with some sources. It absolutely does not stand on its own. The only example I can think of would be the Macbook Air and how it has inspired the rest of the industry to make more lightweight laptops. Apart from that, I cannot see a single thing Apple has done which the industry has followed on, mostly hardware-vise, for their PCs, Apple has done almost zero innovation. There would be nothing to follow. Switching to all USB was a natural consequence of all new gadgets and equipment coming with a USB connector, not a innovation by Apple. And ditching the floppy was actually something you could not do on a Windows-machine until quite recently. I'm not sure if you are aware of this or not, but until Windows Vista, if you wanted to install Windows on a machine which had IO controllers or other hardware it did not recognize required to complete the install, you would need to provide Windows setup with drivers. And until Windows Vista those drivers could only be provided by a floppy. For real. I know it sounds like madness, but those were the breaks. PC vendors had to deal with that. So basically until Vista, having a floppy-drive was a defacto requirement for a Windows-machine. And people didn't like Vista, so until Windows 7 you sort of had to play by those rules as well. As for laptops, I find it hard to give Apple credit for innovating when all they did was the same as everyone else, make things smaller and lighter, only taking it a bit further. So... None of your points have any substance to them what so ever. But you said those were the easy ones. In fact they were so easy that they completely missed. With that out of the way, please feed my interest. Give me the real juice, the uneasy ones, if you like. Tell me how Apple in any way has done anything which can be considered innovative in the desktop space, which "the rest of the industry will copy"? I'm thrilled with interest here. So you are saying that USB in general wasn't taking of until around the the time of the iMac. That does not make it the iMac which drove this development. Bluetooth, at least in my opinion, has severely limited use. Most my devices has it, has had it (apart from desktops) and on all of them I turn it off. It is a relic from ancient times. Ditto with wifi? Seriously? No really? You are going to pick widely available products and just claim that some iProduct popularized it? You're obviously seeing the world through Apple-coloured glasses and are unable to see general technological progress as just that. And like I said in the original post: lets ignore laptops, because those are not what we are discussing. Someone wanted to know what Apple would do with desktop system since evidently the entire PC industry will copy that in 2-3 years. I'm still waiting for a single example from you which holds valid. None have been provided so far. Only fanboy-cheering. As for the PC business in general and all that innovation you claim that I say is happening there... My point is that there isn't. It's a very standstill market. There has been little to no innovation the last decade, except making things cheaper, more efficient, smaller, lighter and prettier. You know... The general trends for all things technology. It's just evolving. And here you credit all that general evolving to one company without any proof what so ever. I don't buy it fanboy. I don't get this post. It just leaves me with a giant WTF. It has no content. It has no message. It's just a weird form of worship. And my head is all confused to what prompted you to write this. I don't mean to be rude or offensive. Just some (in my view) constructive criticism in case you want your readers to return. I know I wont. I think the authors point is that Apple used to lead , but with iOS 6 you can clearly see Apple being the laggard. That makes him uneasy about Apple's (and iOS's) future. Remember how Microsoft used to kick ass? Remember how they used to drive/dictate how the entire PC industry was supposed to run? You remember that? Slowly but surely they stopped doing that. Anti-trust lawsuits didn't help either. And where has that landed Microsoft today? A cautious company, almost afraid of releasing a new version of MSIE, a web-browser, a minor component of their OS, which isn't 100% standards-compliant and with only the correct draft-specifications included, because last they they released something which did something differently than Firefox, the entire internet hated them for it. A software company afraid of releasing software. At this point they are a turtle hiding in their shell. Not a very interesting thing to follow. Apple isn't quite there yet, but it has been clear from the last years' (lack of) progress and development, that iOS is at a clear standstill. It makes you wonder why and what the future holds. So his point was not if iOS 6 is terrible or not. His complaint is basically that he expected better from Apple. And now Apple is seemingly no longer able to deliver that. I'm probably not the norm here, but after installing Windows 8, getting the apps I care about pinned on the desktop taskbar I really, really like Windows 8. It mostly feels like a cleaned up version of Windows 7, and it is much, much snappier. Whatever you do happens now . Even when you wake it up from cold hibernation it boots in less than 10 seconds. When it's only suspended it's ready just like that. Instantly. It's as close to instant as my laptop has ever been. All the animations are silk smooth. Everything is fluid. This thing has been optimized to hell. There can be no doubt that Windows 8 contains a multitude of technological improvements. Unfortunately for Microsoft, they seem to insist on literally taking the Windows out of Windows and forcing Metro on everyone. Even those who don't want it. Every now and then (like when connecting to a new network) you have (Metro) infobars sliding in from the side and you can just tell that they come from a different world somehow. They don't belong in your desktop. And that makes the entire experience feel a bit less coherent. But all in all, I may be the exception, but I love Windows 8 so far. But to Microsoft's dismay, I love it not because of Metro, but despite it. They've done this before though. Remember the Ribbon? I used to hate it and now I can't live without it. We'll see if Metro fares as good, although deep down inside, I doubt it. While I to some extent agree with your point, it serves as a reminder to those who say Heroku/AWS/whatever is the one-stop solution to all your uptime, stability and scalability needs. These things goes down as well, and when they do you are powerless to get your stuff back up if you rely on them to operate. Cheaper Chinese-made brands? Nokia won't last until 2014. They are declining too fast If the failboat called RIM has managed to stay afloat for so long, I cannot see Nokia failing any faster. At least Nokia has (finally) released something which belongs in this time and age, while RIM still insists it will release BB OS 10 "real soonish now", like it has for the past year. Or is it years? Plural? I don't know. I just know that their current premium product is something which was hard to sell 3 years ago. They're so dead. Where I live, the Blackberry-stores have started stocking iPhones and Samsung Android-phones just to sell something . The Nokia-stores are at least still selling Nokia-phones only. I have no doubt that Nokia tanking is a very real possibility. But RIM is going down first. Unlike Nokia, they have absolutely nothing . Keep telling yourself that. When was the last time you used a Nokia phone? When was the last time you saw a Nokia UI? The one thing which made the iPhone great was that it finally broke the streak of smart-phones all cloning the horrible, messy and unintuitive Nokia-model which had plagued the industry since the mid 90s. Take my words for it: Nokia would have fucked up Android just as much as it messed up Symbian. Nothing pretty would have come out of this. On Android it is solved by simple installing a app which controls the devices sound profiles based on times you prefer. It probably took the developer 5 minutes to cook up with an ugly UI, but it works. I guess in the Apple world you need to wait for Apple to do it. And this feature has been missing since iOS 1. Yeah. Not missing iOS one bit. Given Android's rampant popularity, you would have to come up with a source for that claim. I know here on HN the mantra is that people buy Android because it is cheaper/"they cannot afford iPhones", but in the real world people deliberately choose things not made by Apple. Despite the Apple fandom on this website, there is no universal truth in Apple being a superior platform. In fact, I say the lack of customizability speaks of it being poorly engineered. I've never found the abstract argument about more control a compelling reason to choose a product Wow. You've never found anything compelling about being able to take a pain and being able to fix it yourself? As opposed to having to rely on others to fix it for you, sometime in the future, if they can be bothered? If you can see no compelling value in that, your opinion is worthless as far as hackers goes. To me your reply reaks of iOS apologetics more than anything else. And I don't have a 2 year old i need to accommodate. When I was 8 I was programming my brother's TRS Color Basic. Despite not even knowing English. I don't mind technology upping your understanding. The simplicity of iOS also puts severe limitations into what can be done with the platform. To put it bluntly: It bores me. It is boring technology. My argument is that sales volume is a function of customer acceptance. And thus Android has the biggest customer acceptance of all the platforms out there. The hacker news meme that Android is barely usable is getting rather stale. "Nice strawman"? And then following with up with asking me to name apps to illustrate why a being able to fix things which annoys you is a good thing? Do you need an example of why having medicine when terminally ill is a good thing? How fundamentally disconnected from the reality of things can you possibly be? But here you go. Example. I don't want to be disturbed while I am in a meeting. I can tell my Android phone (via apps) that whenever I have a appointment in my corporate calendar (you see I can have plenty of calendars) which has the term "meeting" in its title (so it doesn't collide with "meeting up with friends" in my personal calendar), the phone should always be in silent mode. I can have all my SMS auto-synched in the background to my gmail, live. And all my phone history. Via third party apps. Google didn't think about that one, but on Android that is not a problem. I can do all that. Because that fits me. You can't do that on iOS. Unless Apple decides to add it. If Apple doesn't come up with an idea, your platform can't do it. That sucks. I don't want my platform to be limited to its creators imagination. That is a recipe of how to kill innovation, not breed it. If you are going to compare apples to Androids that way, and how about doing it in a way which makes sense? No a random HTC phone may not be upgradable to Android 4, but neither is my iPhone 3G. Is that an argument against either iphone or Android? No. If you are going to cite platform advantages tied to going full vertical, you need to compare iOS on Apple hardware with Android on Google hardware. And guess what? That works out the same. Congratulations on getting further and further from the point, constantly drawing new straw men while accusing mebof so, and losing all arguments arguments so far. So far you have proven that you as a iPhone-user are retarded and unable to get back basic point, have no perspective, trolling or all the above. I'll stop wasting my time on you. You seem like the kind of person who would deem even a death sentence superior to anything as long as it comes from Apple. Sorry. Farsi is low class and only hipsters and rich people are allowed to buy iPads. Edit: Jesus christ the amount of Apple apologetics in this thread. I'm out of here. and someone with a 3 year old iPhone 3GS will still be able to run brand new apps made for iOS 6.0. At half the speed or less compared to when the phone was bought, be driven insane and then be forced to buy a new phone. Or at least that is how I experienced iOS updates while I was still in the iPhone camp. But that is .com.au, not .com. It's not a gTLD. Basically the whole post can be summed up via these choice quotes: Overall, I disagree with his title, but I don’t disagree with his results ... his methodology, it’s mostly fine Guy tested partial SPDY page loads, not full SPDY page loads. More specifically, he tested this case: if you upgrade your primary domain, but few of your other domains, your CDN, etc, how does SPDY perform? (followed up with a table showing that this is a very realistic test scenario) C#3 adds features not found in C#2 (just as C#2 added features not found in C#1). However the C# compiler will produce bytecode compatible with the .NET 2.0 runtime from C#3-code. And all C#2 code will compile just fine with the C#3 compiler. Basically what breaks is trying to shove C#3 code through a C# 2 compiler, and that can hardly be said to surprise anyone. The part which may be confusing is that unlike Java and the JVM, C# is tied to CLR runtimes, and you can have several installed at the same time. C#1 was tied to the .NET 1.x runtime. C#2 was tied to the .NET 2.x runtime (which also powered .NET 3.0 and .NET 3.5). C#3 was tied to the .NET 2.x runtime with some extra LInQ DLLs installed (aka .NET 3.5). C#4 (which again adds more features) depends on the .NET 4.x runtime. And all these runtimes can be installed at the same time. The fact that Microsoft is willing to "leave old runtimes behind" and create new ones when the language features being requested requires it means they can iterate much faster than the Java can, since backwards bytecode compatibility is not required. I think it is a decision which has worked out largely to their advantage. None of the posts have any likes. Now I don't feel so bad about my own ignored facebook posts ;) You don't see any article mentioning installing software from trusted sources (like Mac App Store), digital signing, configuring firewall, keeping software up to date, etc. Do you see anyone mentioning that when it comes to Windows-based articles? If not, why complain that it's not mentioned here? I think the only difference now is that Macs use EFI boot, and not BIOS boot and hence will only boot software with a EFI-boot compatible bootloader. Once you get past that step a Mac works exactly like a "PC". Just like a "PC" works exactly like a Mac if you fake the EFI-boot via a custom BIOS-to-EFI bootloader on a USB-stick. You cannot remove it. You just need to set it visible only to you, set it not visible on your timeline. And then setup another public email which you will have to show to everyone instead. I'm pretty sure you didn't have to do that before. In my experience, test messages never work, but real messages always do Obviously you can confirm that the real messages that you do receive gets through. What about those that didn't? How do you know that they didn't? How do you know no such messages exist? Are you being naive here or am I missing some sarcasm? Why do you care about that? Why does it matter to you that someone is discussing something Apple NDAed? Do you care at all if it something Androidish? Something from MS? From anyone except Apple? If no, then shut your hypocritical mouth. I think this is just might be one of those things which would ticks us off as techies.. Local tabloids are discussing this. One their front-page. At least here in Norway. It's not just techies who cares. Someone this determined to do something so wrong cannot be assumed to be neutral. This guy must be corrupt and on someone's pay-list. It would be in the EU's interest to start an investigation of Karel De Gucht to determine if this person is bribed and if these proceedings is a result of corruption. The EU would be wise to do so for its own business sake and before it's perception as a democratic body is tarnished in favour of a US-led corrupt legislative-body. If the EU loses its perception as democratic, chances are that the rich and populous democracies which funds it will be forced to stop doing so. If it's one thing the EU cannot afford right now, that is one of them. Apple ask everyone to turn of wifi at WWDC to make their iPad work and that is awesome. Live, two-way audio/video-streaming from AR computer glasses during a freakin' parashoot jump over regular cellular networks however, that is not really that much of a big thing? Excuse me. What standards are you applying to whom where? Project Glass is interesting ... but this demo didn’t show anything new. But when Apple copies Android's notification center (which has now been massively bumped in JB) that is a huge thing and everyone is up in arms about what sort of geniuses the people at Apple are. Sure. I love it. I love how it warns me that to make the meeting on other side of town I need to be going in 10 minutes. Because without asking it used my calendar, the GPS, Google Maps and calculated how long it would take for me to get to my next meeting. This is pretty sweet tech. This is above anyone else on the market right now. I love it. I love how it warns me that to make the meeting on other side of town I need to be going in 10 minutes. Because without asking it used my calendar, the GPS, Google Maps and calculated how long it would take for me to get to my next meeting. This is pretty sweet tech. This is above anyone else on the market right now. It is. You don't. You have to opt in. I'm running it on my phone now and the first thing it did was ask "Hey. Is it OK if I do all these things?". It wont run without your permission. Unlike Apple, Google is pretty good at asking these things. Edit: Maybe Apple has gotten better. I just remember iTunes wiping my iPhone, iPod and all ID3 tags from my music collection numerous times when I was just supposed to copy/add some files. And that was before you even booted their OS. Well yes, glad you asked, I am fed up with Apple. Swipe up from the bottom of the screen at your home-screen. It should show. I agree it's not something you discover without being told though ;) Technically speaking it is Android 4.1, but yes I get your point. Anyway. You can tell from the way this is implemented that this is a core OS feature, not an addon app stacked on on top. The reason it's not out for ICS or older versions of Android is because they can't run it. They lack the pieces it uses through out. BB10 is just turning into the Duke Nukem OS of our time. It's sad that a company with so much talent can be mismanaged into something as horrible as this, but on the other hand it's hard not to laugh when you read about their continued failures. We are talking about a company which released a tablet with a OS they called complete, which couldn't check email. They are so completely out of touch with what people want, that there is no way they can make. Even if the do get BB10 out the door, it will be a disaster. It will be underwhelming. It will be a monument to what bad management can do with product delivery. I'm with ars technica on this one: RIM is on death watch. http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2012/06/now-officially-on-our... so only six more quarters to go Given the current trends, taking into account that BB10 has been delayed yet again, and extrapolating that into even more obsolete phones which will sell even worse than they do now, it will be a miracle if RIM is not bankrupt within that timeframe. Just look at the numbers. They can't afford to keep bleeding like they do now for that long. And they certainly can't afford the increased bleeding the lack of BB10 will cost them. Six quarters is way too late. If noone has bought RIM within four , there will be no saving them. Apple has clearly lost it. Whatever once made them cool and different is long gone and all that remains is a pseudo-legalese ganster, using its giant pool of money to hinder software development at the cost of everyone else. You cannot be a software-developer and support this monster with your money. As a software developer there should be no way you can support this. Apple is the SCO of this decade. As much as I disregard Apple for its über-shady (lack of) ethics, it's hard to look at this as anything but extortion. Hopefully this doesn't set any precedent among Chinese-businesses the same way patent-trolls have invaded the west. it wouldn't be good for anyone. Now also trending on twitter: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4187672 Not surprising. If it was trending on Twitter that would be news. You have news: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4187672 See Mithrandir's comment: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4187943 We all know PHP has its shortcomings, but there appears to be a witch hunt going on here. I think some of the witch hunt comes in attempt to steer people away from a language which is badly designed and has a million bugs which cannot be fixed without breaking most of the existing code written for the language. Pestering a language like that is only fair. While I'm sure it gets tiresome for those who for whatever reason have to work or prefer working in PHP, it is only a polite gesture to the software-developers who has yet to take that dark path. If they can be dissuaded, they should. While I agree lots of that is emotive, it is hard to argue against the truth in 1. badly designed, 2. bugs, and 3. which cannot be fixed without breaking most PHP code. The rest follows naturally. Anyway: Have an upvote for objectively dissecting my semi-objective analysis. Would it rock? Nah. It would merely make it less horrible. It lacks fundamental elegance and it lacks advanced capabilities. Even if fixed, it would still only be clinging to the crown of mediocracy. But that is fine. Not all languages can or should be mind bending or define its own paradigm. So yeah, if all its problems was somehow in all unlikelyness fixed, it would be fine. It would be fine, but it would in no way "rock". I suspect that the only people who can defend PHP on technical merits are people who have yet to try something better and have yet to realize just how much better most other options out there are. If that describes you, I am sorry for you, and deeply encourage you to take on something new on the side, in a different language. Just for fun, learning and exploration. Just to let your mind get a feel for how the world can (and maybe should) be different. I've done PHP. I've been there. So don't get me wrong. PHP has good sides. Yes yes, it does. But IMO (and I'm far from alone here) they are completely overshadowed by the bad sides. Different people, different wiggles I guess. I'm running the Release Preview as my main OS now, and I'm just amazed at how much faster and smoother everything is. When this preview expires and I'm forced to go get Windows 8 proper if I want to keep using it, I'm pretty sure going back to Windows 7 wont be an option for me. Just like going back to Ice Cream Sandwich isn't an option once you've tried Jelly Bean. There are just so many small (and some major) incremental improvement all over the line. For me, I'm getting Windows 8 for sure, and I like the news about it not going to cost me a fortune. There is no third option. You can't decide after the trillion dollar industry establishes, to renege on FRAND To play devils advocate though: What you consider "fair" licensing terms might change. Maybe Samsung finds it absolutely fair that their patents should be valued higher, when Apple has 60% profit margins selling essentially the same product they do, made by parts they make, yet they only have 20% margins themselves. That hardly seems fair, does it? And if you disagree about that, how would you argue that it is technically unfair? There is no doubt about Apple making a shitload right now. "Fair" is really a pretty shitty legal term, open for lots of wish-washy interpretation, instead of some simple black and white. I'm not arguing that. I'm just arguing that the "no third option" is overly simplistic. Samsung can decide to change their licensing terms if they deem them no longer "fair", as you note, as long as it is done in a non-discriminatory fashion. Edit: Oh well. That's what playing devil's advocate gets me :) They won't stop or slow down until something else makes them irrelevant. I so hope open data combined with web-intents and a slew of standardized service-negotiation protocols comes and solves this in a final, crushing, open move. Want event-management? Fine. That's data. Stored in your calendar. Which can be stored and managed somewhere else, just loosely connected, with OAuth to make sure nothing bad happens. Want participant-management for those events? Fine. That's data attached to your events. Which can use your contact-data as a source. Which can be stored and managed somewhere else, just loosely connected, to one or many services, with OAuth to make sure nothing bad happens. Want photos tied to those events? That's data. You get the idea. There should be no need to consolidate all your stuff one place. We don't do it in real life and we shouldn't have to do it on the internet either. I dream of an internet composed of micro-services of open data talking together, composing new wonderful things. You use the service which you think does things best for the things it does best, and you use other services for things you think they do better. You put together your own cloud of services and data. In this world, horrible and monolithic beasts like facebook are not only not needed. They are not wanted . We just need to standardize. We just need to chisel out the semantics of how we hook services together in a way which normal users can handle. This is the only true path I can see forward, which stays true to the roots of the internet. This is the one path maximizing freedom, choice and reliability through network distribution. I so cannot wait to see it realized. Although jsprinkles got slowbanned and hellbanned (still unsure why but cannot be bothered; more on that later), I had to create another account just to respond to this In my experience, just talking against the hivemind here seems to be enough. Especially if you walk on pg's toes, except your account to be of reduced value in the close future. I've had my account slowbanned and hellbanned. For what? For arguing against people here on HN who insist that Apple is the only company in the entire world who actually innovates and that everyone else is copying Apple in everything they do. Because seemingly only inside the walls of one very special corperation in the USA can innovation happen. So I got slowbanned for arguing against that super-rational point of view. Nice. When I told some people how utterly pathetic they sounded when they claimed here (prior to his death) that "Steve Jobs had touched their lives in a deep and personal way", for buying Apple products, I got hellbanned. With pg himself sending me an email saying how that was not cool. If I didn't know better, I would think the owner of this site has 99% of his pension invested in Apple shares and cannot afford anyone ruining the image of the shiny Apple-corporation. Implying that anyone is better, original or first: Start gradual slow-ban, until they wont bother coming back ruining the nice cozy Apple-cuddle we have here. I think your comment is spot on. HN represents a very marginal part of the world, and there are clear limits to what you are allowed to do within those margins. Deviate too much and you are not welcome. I am unwilling to speculate or suggest that Paul and the unknown moderators act on content or people in the name of financial benefit Hence why I qualified that statement with "if I didn't know better". :) I guess the cult of Apple is just particularly strong here. Arguing against current Apple cult is sort of like arguing for Microsoft in Linux IRC-channels back in the days. You just cannot expect fair treatment of your opinions. Just white. http://imgur.com/J2w2s People who argue for PHP as a language always brings up this one argument: "PHP gets things done". Great. It get things done. Quick and dirty, but it gets things done. That is all fine and dandy, but what when you need things done proper ? How does it stack up then? Oh. You mean you have to consider input-data as actual text, not as some byte-streams which incidentally maps to the same character-set you used to write your code with? Oh. You mean I need to have locale-ware date, time and number-format handling? Oh. You mean I need to actually validate these input-data and sanitize them for SQL injections and all that before sending off to the database? Etc etc. When you need things not just "done", but done proper , how well does PHP stack up then? It is my opinion (as in opposed to fact) that when you add that one tiny, but oh so important clause, all arguments for PHP being the one language which gets things done falls apart. Or am I being too simplistic? I'll be intellectually honest and admit that, no, I haven't really touched PHP for anything near a production app in the last 5 years. But to be absolutely clear: before PHP used to be the only language I wielded for money. I have enough lines of PHP on my back to claim the right to an opinion. That said, last time I looked into PHP, modus operandi seemed to being focusing on making things easy, not making it easy to do things right. AFAIK this one quote from "PHP is a fractal of bad design" still holds true and that if you ignore all the other obvious things (wildly inconsistent BCL, etc), it is probably the core reason why I can never bring myself to like anything PHP: PHP is built to keep chugging along at all costs. When faced with either doing something nonsensical or aborting with an error, it will do something nonsensical. Anything is better than nothing. AFAIK that's still true, and I find it hard to have confidence in any code written on top of something based on that core tenet. Edit: Experience clarification By "proper" I mean building a piece of software which has a clean and maintainable implementation, logical semantics, proper encapsulation, and last but not least, which is solid . That is, should be able to withstand real world challenges and input-data without crashing, failing, silently failing, creating corrupted data or any combination of those things. Granted, it's been quite a while since I've done PHP, and it that sense the initial point of the article stand true, but when I need something done in PHP, I always find myself spending more time ensuring basic truths which a proper language should guarantee for me are actually true, than I spend writing code doing something. I find PHP silently failing all the time making debugging code hard. And it makes it hard to do things proper, because you may have failure-modes which you should have been able to catch, but which PHP "kindly" shields you from. Hope that clears things up. See my clarification. I think I may have been a bit unclear and/or you may have misunderstood my post. Some languages makes it easier, some make it hard. I would argue that PHP falls into the "hard" camp. And C would definitely be in the "very, very hard" camp. And then you have stricter languages like C# which makes doing things proper the default, although often at the expense of making other things harder. That said: This is definitely crossing the line between factual and subjective right now. And I can see how this is a subject open to discussion. "Write the next generation xyz." Translates to "No one here has any idea how xyz was written, so it's being rewritten instead of modified. Sometimes, when software has been around for 10+ years, stuff does get too old. It happens. For real. I know people seem to forget that here with startups having been around for less than a year being "old players" and all that, but common. Software may have been written with a bunch of presumptions which was valid when the project was initially started, but no longer are that. Maybe it was written on top of a platform which is no longer as productive as it was when the project was initiated. Nothing kills enthusiasm and productivity like working on a platform no longer deemed modern. And then you have technical limitations and pre-conditions. Once, servers was expensive and you wanted your solution to distribute it's load to clients so that you could save on servers. Once servers was the only machines powerful enough to complete time-critical tasks within reasonable time-frames, so you architected the software accordingly. Now, we suddenly have HTML5 and webworkers and shit, so you probably want your solution to be a web-solution with a distributed computation model. I.e. full-circle. Full rewrite. Twice. What's next, I don't know. Sometimes a rewrite is just right. Saying that every rewrite is based in incompetence is simplistic. Not to be a pedant, but wouldn't thread-safe automatically follow immutable? If a structure is immutable, how would you be able to fuck it up, even if you abuse it via threading? I would argue the relation is so strong, that something which isn't thread-safe cannot be immutable. But there may ofcourse be something which I'm missing. Different languages and platforms handling different key concepts differently etc. Is there some properties of Ruby which makes this possible, or gives you a need for a double-guarantee, or is the declaration here simply redundant? We don't need patents in any industries at all if you judge them based upon their original intent -- to further the public knowledge Good to see this one mentioned. Most people seem to forget that the original intent for all "IP-laws" originally was to broaden the public knowledge and to ultimately benefit the public. That private entities was incentivized with limited monopolies which they could use to profit was merely a means, not the goal. These days everyone takes for granted that the means is the goal and the original goal is long forgotten. If the original intent hadn't been forgotten as well as it has at this point, I doubt we would have seen the massive expanse of "IP-laws" which we have seen these last decades. Heck, back in the days there was no such thing as "IP". People were rational enough to realize there is no such thing as "intellectual property" which you can possess in a meaningful way. Copyright law, patent-law and all these "IP-laws" should be reverted back to their original intent. Unfortunately that is not going to happen. The US has way too much invested in so called "intellectual property" to go back on this now. Look at the US these days. What brings in the money? Traditional industry? All gone. Manufacturing? All outsourced. In fact all the US has left of value is "intellectual property". Think Microsoft, Apple, Google and Hollywood. Now imagine the current US without the likes of those, or a world where their "property" could be had by anyone at no cost. Where would the US be then? For all the bad things IP laws brings about (and don't get me wrong, I do think they are bad) there is a reason the US (and mostly the US) is pushing so hard on copyright-law and patent-law and trying to divert us from their original intent by instilling the idea of "intellectual property" as a legitimate one in the public mind. Right now, this so called "intellectual property" is the only thing the US have left. From my point of view, that would not be something I considered a immutable data-structure. But I guess at this point we are starting to argue technicalities and it's getting quite outside the scope of this submission. I'll just take a mental note with regard to immutable evidently being a lossy concept ;) #1 devalues genuine software innovation. If a software innovation is genuine, why is it worth less protection? While a good general argument, you have to ask what software which was developed 20 years ago is still relevant today. Most software 20 years old is not even available today, and even if you had stored a copy, it would probably not be possible to find hardware which would run it correctly or at all. Basically, 20 years of computing-time represents several generations of products and innovations. 20 years for a patent may have been a relevant timeframe when products had a lifespan that long. I think it would be hard to argue that this is still the case. The solution is not to extend software patents to 20 years. The solution is to reduce patent-time to fit the lifespan of products within the category which for the patent is valid. Which for software would mean an absolute maximum of 10 years, with 3 years much more reasonable. This still devalues the creation of software that is genuine innovation. ... Before artificially segregating software into a ghetto I'm not sure if it comes through in my post, but what I wrote I intended for all patents, not just software patents. If your product or category of product (software or not) only has a lifespan of 2 years, patents for that product or product-category cannot be made to last more than those 2 years. In that sense I'm not devaluing software (or any other products for that matter) any more than the people producing them already do. That may not fully satisfy you and your point of view, but it seems to me it would address some of your concerns. If you still find it objectionable, I guess that's fine by me. We are all entitled to our opinion. Sometimes, even reasonable people cannot be made to agree ;) As someone who converted from Firefox to Chrome, I think this mostly sums it up pretty well. Especially the part about being community-driven and then not listening to the community. I see others have also mentioned memory-usage and that is also a fair point. At some point, Firefox would have memory leaks so huge that it spent most of its CPU time constantly trying to GC, slowing to a complete halt. And then, just like with the updates, you had to restart. Restarting Firefox was a pain. But somehow restarting Chrome when updates come along is not. Why is that? My desktop is a quad-core system with hyper-threading. That's 8 logical cores for the machine if utilized correctly. By Chrome having a process-per-tab model and Firefox not, everything else being the same Chrome can reduce its startup times to 12.5% of that of Firefox. It's an order of magnitude improvement. You don't care about restarting Chrome because it just takes one second and you are back where you started. Firefox takes almost 10. That's way beyond annoying your users. When you are the browser spending ages doing a restart, you're not in a position to force updates on your users. Another thing which I haven't seen mentioned anywhere, which has been broken in Firefox since the very first releases is the add-on and add-on compatibility checking. It's retarded and I cannot believe it hasn't been fixed yet. The typical Firefox update process goes like this: 1. Firefox informs you there is an update and you need to restart. 2. You accept a restart 3. Firefox shuts down, updates, and restarts. 4. upon restart after the update has been installed , it checks if your addons are compatible. WTF?!? Usually that works out fine, but every now and then it doesn't. And then it's too late. That's retarded. Why on earth would you check compatibility when it is already too late to do something about it? The process should be re-ordered. Compatibility checking should be done first . Then Firefox could say "There is an update and all your add-ons are compatible. Would you like to update now?". A simple re-ordering of things it already does would have solved one of the two biggest issues people have with the update-mechanism. Why hasn't this been done already? I'm a Chrome convert now, but I keep coming back to Firefox to see if things have improved, because I really believe in what Firefox stands for and what it represents. Unfortunately, I keep coming back to Chrome because for me, it just feels like a better browser. My TF101 also suffered stability problems after the ICS upgrade. But I'm the kind of guy who roots, install via ZIPs from XDA and all that stuff. Even if the guy who packaged the ICS update insisted on it being untouched stock, except pre-rooted, it's hard to know 100% certain if the error is Asus' or not. At least there are other possible sources of errors. That said, ever since I moved my TF101 over to a CM9 codebase, I've had zero issues with it, and it has finally become the tablet I thought it would be when I decided to purchase it in the first place. Yes. I know. My grandma is never going to do all that. I'm not suggesting that. But if Google can get the software on this thing right, out of the box, like they've done with the Nexus-phones, I'm pretty sure this thing can fly. I didn't know clicking the Google Play icon and typing "Chrome" and clicking "Install" was that hard to do on a tablet. Also, stock browser on Jelly Bean is stupidly fast. In fact so fast that I have ditched Chrome for it. Only thing I miss is the Chrome-sync against my desktop, but I can live without that. Translated into not-evading-responsibility-esque: The fact that the communication protocol used is openly known, much like all internet communications, means that an attack is easy to craft. Somehow that is a solved problem with internet and all other open security architecture. Why isn't it solved on these cars? This sounds like either NIH combined with piss poor security engineering done in the name of looking fancy, result of financial constraints or both. I'm sure some engineers objected that "this is fundamentally insecure!" but got turned down from someone doing the budgets. It isn't solved for computer networks, this is exactly the same as the current debate about secure boot. I would disagree. To me this sounds like a perfect scenario for asymmetric encryption, which would solve this in a secure fashion. Obviously someone should have a secure repository for official keys issued, so that duplicates can be made, upon request, upon owners' authorization. It might be bothersome and cumbersome, but the point is it should be a possible process, even for third party mechanical shops. And for me the car-manufacturer sounds like a natural holder of this repo. On the other hand, if you have access to the car and the key, it should be open enough to allow you to (re-)program it with your own keys if you like. As far as I can see, that should satisfy everyone involved, while maintaining a secure architecture. Stock JB: 281+3. Chrome: 369+11. Chrome has too high startup time for me to use as a default browser though. If it can only be done by Apple, it is safe to assume that in 99%+ of the cases it wont be done. It is in the US's interest to protect "intellectual property", because right now that is the only profitable export it has. Not saying it's right from a moral perspective, but from an economic perspective I don't think there can be any doubt about that. So lets not give the man a chance to a fair trial with his own attorneys paid with his own money, because by the law we are innocent until proven guilty, and we know he is a slimeball who will screw us . Yeah. That sounds reasonable. The US is fucking this one up. Not a single move so far has followed due process. Every move has been corrupt or illegal, ruled so by a judge. Not a single statement issued so far reassures that they will start following the rules. I think we can safely say which side of this story is the dishonest and convicted one and it's not Dotcom. Us centric nonsense. Sent via mobile internet on a bus. As long as Microsoft will not implement the same features, in a similar time frame and in a compatible way as the other browser vendors they should be blamed and shamed. First Microsoft thinks HTML is too limited and creates new APIs which gets turned into drafts, which in turn gets standardized, albeit slightly differently from how Microsoft did it in the first place. They get to choose to break all sites written for this API while still in draft, or get to break the standard. Whatever they do, people curse them for it. Microsoft then says "You know. We get it. That sucked. We created that situation. It was our fault. Next time around, we wont mess around with draft-specifications in a release browser, luring people into prematurely using non-final specifications in production web-sites". And now everyone hates Microsoft for being slow. Evidently, as long as your name is "Microsoft", everything you do will be wrong, either it is a) pushing the limits, b) implementing the drafts, c) being compatible with deployed code, d) being compatible with the negotiated specification or e) waiting for the specification to be finalized. Can someone please point me to the option f) which makes everyone happy? If we held Google, Mozilla etc to these same super-hypocritical standards, I'm pretty sure everyone would just stop making web-browsers, since all you got for it was hell from ungrateful bastards. Your job is being made more difficult by using non-final HTML draft-specifications in production web-sites and relying on them to work in all browsers before the spec is finalized. That is your choice. You made that problem yourself. There's WebGL, WebRTC, new Audio APIs, transitions, css filters and it feels like every other week there's something new that isn't just implemented but actually pushed out to the user And all that before any of the features has been standardized and finalized. And now we hate MSIE for in the past doing what Chrome is doing now while at the same time we hate the current MSIE for being what we demanded MSIE to be in the past. Mindboggling indeed. Sounds like Chrome is the new MSIE to me. I was at this specific session. I was one of those who left early. I honestly didn't think it worked out and most people I talked to after the session didn't think it worked either. To put it lightly: People had rather mixed impressions. He was progressively writing Node.js-code without explaining any of it in detail. His way of illustrating what his code was doing, was by cross-referencing his Node-stuff to some Ruby-based BDD framework. How do I connect that to Node? Do I need Ruby to run node? It came off wrong to most people. Especially with the techo-music glaring in the background, some people thought he just wanted to show off how cool he was and brush his own ego. Other's complained that if you could actually follow his demos, you already knew the stuff he was demoing, so what was the point? So what had you just learned? And like he said: Some people directly told him it was a waste of time. IMO it was an interesting idea taken too far. He makes it come off as a success, but I think that is disingenuous. This session probably disappointed more spectators than any other session on that conference. And I say that as someone who knows how good Rob can be when he's at his best. So don't be afraid to experiment. But be prepared to see your experiments fail. Every now and then they will. Even for a guy like Rob. Especially when you take it to the extreme, like he did here. If you are fine running a decade+ old OS, chances are you don't have a dire need to run a bleeding edge version of PHP locally. Ultimately, I'm sorry you didn't like it, but it's disingenuous for you to paint it as a failure. Fair enough, but I just felt like painting another picture. If I were to offer two core criticisms of the session (as I experienced it), it would be 1. that it got sort of repetitive after a while. 2. It was a constant stream of information, a constant stream of how, without any context, or small breaks where you got explained what just happened or what we were about to do. Lots of how. No why. Without a "why", "how" will much more quickly turn "too much how". While these are just my 2 cents, I think there is some objective lessons to be learned at the bottom of this as well. Still. I'll give you credit for not being a cliché at the conference. You are always willing to try something new and for that I admire you. Wow. That's a whole lot of kool-aid. For the record: all my computers, equipped with 3g modems and touchscreens or not, running a variety of OSes, are running just fine with none of those issues. It only took Google one year to release this after opening G+ to Google apps accounts. In the meantime I lost interest. Oh well. Windows have had that for years now. But I guess since Apple haven't done it yet, it doesn't exist to hipsters. Misleading headline. iPad sales are included as "PCs", while at the same time iPads are counted as tablets when Apple is cited as the mobile-leader everywhere. Enough with the Apple-kissing please. Both Dell and HP sells more PCs. Samsung sells more phones. Yes Apple sells most iDevices, but that is pretty much a given. That's really not interesting for anyone except Apple and its shareholders though. I fail to see why people keep bringing it up as if it was relevant to anything. I remember asking my bank about "travel checks" because I read online that this was the best way to pay when abroad. They just looked at me like I was mad and said "nobody uses those any more. Just use your bank card and withdraw cash in ATMs as needed". They literally told me that nobody (as in "no banks", locally) did checks anymore and that they could not be issued even if I wanted them. This was 10 years ago. So yeah. US banking is stone age. And at the same time the US is the world leader in electronic, financial trading with millisecond-trading (microsecond-trading?) being the norm among the big trading companies. It really doesn't make much sense. Meh. Perpetuating the myth that Samsung copies Apple. I've had the iPhone. I've had the Samsung Galaxy S. The latter is nothing like the former, and that was why I ditched the iPhone for it. Apple is suing Samsung because they are very, very competitive and eating into Apple's market-segment, or at least the high-end market-segment which Apple wish would be theirs and theirs only. Apple has nothing new to show for, the iPhone is getting stale and the future is looking increasingly bright for Android as a platform, and this is bringing on even more Android OEMs, bringing out even more competitive devices at prices Apple cannot (or wont) match. Apple wants monopoly its own high-end, high profit-margin market-segment, and because of Android they cant have it. Apple wants to stop this, as iOS now represents the majority of the company's income. Without iOS, Apple is nothing. They put themselves here, and now they are trapped. Apple wants Android gone since the success of Android will mean the end of Apple, or at least the end of the golden days Apple is seeing now. Apple is acting aggressively anti-competitive for very selfish reasons. There is nothing more to it. Those who try to analyse this lawsuit as anything else, or as some magic stroke of strategic genius are deliberately BSing themselves. Apple is getting desperate. Simple as that. Yet, despite that, they manage to affect everyday people life. What sort of nonsense are you talking about? Seriously? I don't get it. This sound like religious ramblings to me. If you are going to make that sort of argument, you better be prepared to expand on it. What does it mean? What practical consequences does it have? Why should we care? The problem with Amazon is not that they give out the last four digits of the credit card. The problem is that you can access anyone’s account. Amazon: You can access the account. And like order Hello kitty plush toys in someone else's name. Apple: You can access the account. Then possibly remote-wipe all data belonging to whoever owns that account, data which may or may not be recoverable. There is a slight difference. Apple has a much bigger responsibility here. Amazon is just responding because this is bad press, and they are basically covering Apple's ass here. Apple, as per usual, has a shitty security record. Unless Microsoft, they haven't learned that security is a something which has to be baked in at the root of your products and services. It needs to be there from the start and isn't something which can be tacked on later. For a short time, Apple was ahead of Microsoft in security because its OS was based on Unix-roots. Now they've built so many systems on top of that, and we can clearly see that Apple itself has no concept about security. Apart, ofcourse, for DRMed media and its own walled iOS-gardens. The only security Apple cares about is its own. I wonder when their Microsoft-moment will come and they realize they have a responsibility towards their customers security wise as well. If your solution to a technical problem is an Apple store, you have been drinking too much juice. Not to dilute the discussion even further, but that's certainly impressive, almost cute and shows everything wrong about this trial, basically why it shouldn't have been a trial in the first place. I think the fact that Android is largerly ignored when people consider the (lacking) success of Linux on mobile speaks enormeously of its success. Android is just too good to be Linux. That sort of reasoning. All fair points, but it depends on how you determine success. If you measure Linux-based OS'es penetration in the mobile market today, you will find that it 's the biggest player. That's success. Yes, you have problems with locked bootloaders and closed hardware on some phones, American carrier-phones in particular. This is bad, but no fault of Android. That most software on Android, a Linux-distro, may be closed source may sadden a FOSS proponent, but it still doesn't mean it's not Linux. On my Android tablet I can fire up a terminal, hook up a keyboard via USB and then hack away in a Linux userland, using either supplied binaries, or busybox, or other Linux binaries compiled for the ARM architecture. And it will all work. For lots of tasks where in the past I would need a PC, I no longer do. Because my Linux-based, mobile platform has me covered. If I want to build my own stuff, I can actually use the normal Linux toolchain to do so. I can do all that because Android, either you appreciate it or not, is Linux. There is no debating that. And right now Android is dominating the mobile space. I think it's fair to say that Linux, in a form you appreciate or not, has succeeded where your traditional DE based Linux-environment has not. You mean you want iTunes for Android? Yeah. Good luck with that. Personally, I'm glad I have a phone which I have no need to "sync" with any of my PCs anymore. It just feels very, very old-fashioned. Why oh why promote an iOS app here? If the key clause is hypermedia and ability to link to anything, an Android app would be just as capable and then some (via intents, and ability to loosely connected link to other apps, which can link to other apps, etc etc). Not to mention Android is now 4 times bigger in the smartphone sphere (as opposed to equal to iOS earlier) and the Android tablet-scene is just now exploding. Soon iOS will be the niche player, both for tablets and phones. Whoever put these blinders onto themselves are not doing themselves any good. If this piece had been about the "app" as the 21st century HyperStack card, I could have acccepted the premise. But no, it had to explicitly be an iOS app. Ofcourse. In the long term, nothing we know now will define the 21st century. It's a too big time-frame. And in the (shorter) long term I am rooting for the web which he so easily dismisses. Probably not the web I know, but definitely a web, even more fantastic than anything I can imagine now. I think it's fair to say the Apple community got exactly what it wanted here. This sort of "trick" wouldn't be playable on any other community, because its rabid fanboys tend to care about other things than screws. Apple fanboys however... They care about the margins of product-announcement papers and reads the future from them like gipsy-queens reads tea-leaves. It's an impressive performance, but still oh so pointless. Because they miss the important thing: A screw is an implementation detail. What you want is open access to the bits which matters: SIM, battery, storage, platform and bootloaders. Provide me with that and I couldn't care less what screws you use. Until Motorola has unlocked bootloaders by default, they willl always be the bootloader locker company to me. This is a step in the right direction no doubt, but they hava a long way to go, Rather, consider this post as a plea for help. iMessage is important. People use it. If you have a problem with a closed service working only within a walled garden, maybe you should look at an actual open standard instead, like XMPP. It may not have "end to end" encryption, but at least you get to know how it works and how secure it really is. Nobody is forcing you to use Imessage. Apple may encourage you, by permissive defaults, yes. But nobody is forcing you to use it. It can be disabled. You can even buy a phone not made by Apple and avoid the problem all together. If you're ok with around 1£ added to every transaction while you're abroad, then yes, it's a solved problem. How about £0? That's a solved problem too. In the parts of the world with a working, modernized banking system and proper competition. I could chose to be part of those who got charged £1. I chose not to, and so did so many others, that where I live, finding a bank which charges you money at all to withdraw anywhere in the world is the exception, not the rule. There may be merits to bitcoin (although I do admit I have very little knowledge, insight or understanding of the system), but you don't need it to have working banking institutions and free trade. That I do know. You should probably start realizing that there are more devices than ever before. They are all different and iOS/retina is taking smaller and smaller shares of it. Designing for that is designing for last generation platform-specific web and has little future. This looks like exactly what I need. I'm currently using S3 for backup and archiving by regularly running s3cmd to sync my data on my NAS. And while not super-duper expensive, s3 provides much more than I really need, and hence a more limited (but cheaper) service would definitely be appreciated. If there is anything with the easy of use like s3cmd to accompany this service I will be switching in a heartbeat. For every one of these CDNs you use, chances that people with scriptblockers will use your site goes down. When I see that a site tries to resolve scripts from 50 domains, for what should really just be static HTML, I generally leave. So please. Don't use CDNs. If you want people to trust you, host your own damn stuff on your own domain. When I have see that a webpage has 20 or more scripts attached to it from domains differing from the one website I am visiting, I do by default assume they are tracking scripts from advertisers or facebook or similar ilk. If a website needs scripts, I expect the website to serve it from a domain which belongs to it. For most sites I visit there are at least 30, sometimes 50 scripts from various sites and domains trying to track me, slowing down my browsing experience, and sucking up my systems ram. Disabling those causes massive speed-ups. Plus it protects my privacy. Install ScriptNo in Chrome (or similar for Firefox). You will be shocked by the difference. And you will be shocked by the massive script-abuse currently on the net. And no, I will not wade through that long list for each and every page I visit, to whitelist whatever CDN you have decided to put in the same trustworthyness-group as doubleclick.net. If your site breaks with those scripts blocked, I leave. My point was not that all scripts are evil, but if you want me to trust your site, then dont require me to trust 50 domains I do not know for a minescule 10ms potential performance improvement. I find that a perfectly reasonable attitude. Funny how Apple seems to endorse theft when they are doing it, but somehow sees it as wrong if others are taking stuff from them. Pot calling kettle evidently goes a long way back as far as Apple is concerned. Interesting judgement and certainly not the one I expected, in the sense of South Korea punishing its own. If the US lawsuit had the same result, you might see Apple's stance on patent-trolling reversing quite, quite quickly. Their only (significant) market these days is iOS-related, and if they got iOS devices banned left and right as a punishment for playing the patent-trolling game, they might learn that patent reform would be beneficial to them as well. Not that I see that happening, but then again I never saw this coming either. You never know. A man is allowed to dream. Etc. I guess this is what goes as a "psychological hack". Definitely interesting to see how you can play the same tricks on people as you can on machines as long as you know enough about how they work internally. Interesting and scary I guess. We all know how big corp is going to be spending billions on this to manipulate us all. Today Apple went down in history as the biggest patent-troll of all time, stiffling innovation and competition like nobody has ever done before. If you are a software-developer you should recognize the fundamental threat which Apple represents to your profession. Boycott Apple if you want to be able to stay in business in the long term future. Throw away your Macbooks, iPhones and iPads. Ditch your iTunes and iTunes account. Get rid of everything Apple. All of it. Be vocal about your code of ethical software conduct and how that prohibits involving anything made by Apple into anything you ever do. This will be chilling for innovation and competition and will only encourage Apple to take their paten-trolling further, to illegitimately gain bigger market-shares in the smartphone market (where international figures shows they are now in a dive). This is not a good result. It may not have been as bad as it could have been, but it's still nowhere near good. Factually incorrect. All Samsung handsets have micro-USB connectors as mandated by EU rules. How Apple gets away with not having it, I don't know. Granted, Samsung tablets have a similar wide connector, but so does almost all tablets I have seen due to regular USB not having enough power to charge them efficiently. And then you want it wide, not tall, not to impact tablet thickness. Apple has no argument here. I think it's pretty safe to remove "-Samsung Case" from that headline without impacting any of its content. This is Apple's war and there is no need to imply that Samsung is responsible for any muddying. Fact: In the current tech-landscape it's hard to think about innovative Android-devices launched without anticipating Apple filing anti-competitive lawsuits. You reap what you saw. It's kalled karma. In the tech-sector, Apple's main perception is now largely as the lawsuit-company. Worked for me. In Norway, for those curious. Can't find that here. Care to post a screenshot somewhere? Anyone know how to enable this? Or if it can be enabled client-side at all? I finally discovered a somewhat useful reason to resurrect my childhood idea. My web store, BTC Gear has bought up some ad space on the Bitcoin Talk forums which allow small, image-free HTML ads with CSS styling. To me this sounds dodgy. The whole point about these ads is that they are supposed to be unintrusive and not have images . Abusing HTML to re-inject what is in effect just that, images, sounds like blatant violation of TOS. This can cause bad rep for the ad-provider who has promised site-owners image-free ads, and bad rep for site-owners who has promised end-users (or maybe VIP members) an ad-free or ad-limited experience. While this may technically be a "cool" (yet obvious) hack, the reasons stated for doing them are wrong on every single level. I wouldn't want to encourage this. The 1 billion dollar lawsuit was in California. Ignoring Texas wont help. Software patents is a US problem. Chances is it will be a driving force in taking innovation elsewhere. 1 billion dollars for a teenie-weenie software UI implementation detail in a otherwise huge and complex device which is made of thounsands of major and minor components, both software and hardware. I don't care at what "scale" this was. This is ridiculous and we should not have to accept it. When you chose to stay on a decade old OS, 3 major revisions behind what is currently out there, you sort of chose what sort of support you were going to get. Nobody is supporting Ubuntu 6, yet you seem to expect people to support the Windows equivalent. I know XPers refuse to admit it, but they run an antiquated OS, and if you insist on running antiquated operating system software, don't be surprised when the rest of the software you can run starts rusting as well. Sorry. Core product for whom? Google+ brings Google valuable information about who you are and what you do to their ad-words (revenue)engine. Improving a Calendar app which already provides them with that information, brings them little extra. It's sometimes important to remember who Google's real customers are. It's not you. Not debating the rest of your post, but not all Norwegian banks rely solely on BankID. Just clarifying that there is no national mandated standard here, just a system which banks can opt in on to use. And then they don't have to opt in fully or exclusively. One example of one who manages to get authentication right, through HTML alone is Skandiabanken. No Java, nonsense or security pains required. They allow you to use BankID too if you like to, but you don't have to. I prefer not to. Why iOS? It's the minority platform? If you are to promote mobile apps, why not go for the big platform, Android? If nothing else, it reinforces that people who think they are being hip when they make Apple-only or iOS-only or iOS/Retina-tailored solutions are working for the dark side(tm). Heck, even if you make mobile apps, also for Android, but do iOS first, you are part of the problem. I think these people need to hear it again and again and again until they actually get it and stop supporting one of the least ethical companies in the tech industry today. You are giving the wicked emperor more power. Stop doing that! It wont make him any nicer. I say keep them coming. Filtering news to ease the conciousness of people assisting "evil" makes no sense. We should be the ones driving Apple. Apple should not be the one driving us. We've seen the result of that already. Edit: specific industry-niche qualifier was needed. Fair enough. Let me make an edit and prepend "in the tech-industry" to that statement and I'll stand for it. Apple has joined the rank of patent-trolls and turned what used to be a tech-industry into a litiagative minefield where you need more lawyers than engineers to do a business. They are the front-runners of software-patents and they deserve all the flack they get for it. I don't think there's any debating that patent-trolls are evil and that supporting them are wrong. In Japanese TV, Koreans are often portrayed in the same way as a US tv-show would portray a Mexican in a parodical way, i.e. primitive and under-developed. I doubt the Japanese courts would hand them any free favours. I'll repeat my statement from when the 1 billion dollar verdict was made, since it seems like little will change before people vote with their wallets: Today Apple went down in history as the biggest patent-troll of all time, stiffling innovation and competition like nobody has ever done before. If you are a software-developer you should recognize the fundamental threat which Apple represents to your profession. Boycott Apple if you want to be able to stay in business in the long term future. Throw away your Macbooks, iPhones and iPads. Ditch your iTunes and iTunes account. Get rid of everything Apple. All of it. Be vocal about your code of ethical software conduct and how that prohibits involving anything made by Apple into anything you ever do. I'll repeat my statement from when the 1 billion dollar verdict was made, since it seems like little will change before people vote with their wallets: Today Apple went down in history as the biggest patent-troll of all time, stiffling innovation and competition like nobody has ever done before. If you are a software-developer you should recognize the fundamental threat which Apple represents to your profession. Boycott Apple if you want to be able to stay in business in the long term future. Throw away your Macbooks, iPhones and iPads. Ditch your iTunes and iTunes account. Get rid of everything Apple. All of it. Be vocal about your code of ethical software conduct and how that prohibits involving anything made by Apple into anything you ever do. I just had a realization that at this point Apple is actually seeking to ban an order of magnitude more devices than they actually make them-selves. I know the term "patent-troll" is often preserved for non-practising entities, but at this rate Apple is clearly doing its best to qualify for the badge none the less. While comments about iPhone 5 being due soon is probably correct, I suspect this is the first visible sign of a tend which began quite a while ago: iPhone has peaked (just like the iPod did) and right now Android us exploding everywhere . The question is just when we officially start treating iOS as the minority OS, the one we develop for last. To those thinking I disregard Windows 8 tablets, I don't. I know they're out really soon now, but it's just too early to predict its impact on the market. My guess is that it will eat into both Android and iOS's market-share for tablets, but how much is impossible to say. Apple censoring apps in its own proprietary app-store isn't really a big deal to society as a whole. Apple censoring what other devices are allowed to exist outside their production-lines and what competing products customers are allowed to choose is. From what I can tell, not much, but it adds another form of extension (via tags) which you can arguably say you also had in XML (via namespaces). Other than that, the major difference seems to be that EDN does not have a root-element or requirement for such, and as mentioned in the introduction can be used for streaming and real-time content etc. Well. That's a limitation of Javascript and not a problem with EDN as such. Besides, without highlighting Javascript's limitations, how will we ever get it to improve? Extreme expressiveness makes a data-format harder to understand I would argue that extreme expressiveness through the most simplistic rules makes a data-format easier to understand than some data-format which is only mediocre-ly expressive through more complex and inconsistent rules. For instance, Lisp/S-expressions typically has a much simpler data-format than C and is much easier to learn from end to end. The complexities associated with Lisp-code can not and should not be attributed to it's syntax, but rather that most Lisp-code is written to be purely functional and non-procedural. While procedural and/or stateful C/C++/Java/C#-code might be easier to understand for a C/C++/Java/C#-programmer, I don't think you would find any of those programmers arguing that S-expression syntax is harder to grasp and master than the complex syntax of C-based languages. If I were to agree with some of your points, it would have to be the distinction between a list and a vector seems rather silly. Having those as distinct different types in a data exchange-format seems awfully (lisp/functional-language) implementation specific. IMO conversion from "generic list" to "whatever type of list makes sense in your domain" should really be done outside of an data-interchange format. A data-exchange format should not need to meddle with any list besides "generic list". I do think sets (as opposed to lists) brings valuable semantics, though I can see how that is up for debate. Otherwise, you bring up fair points, but I don't mind a format with ambition. Merely presenting a new JSON would not be very exciting. I see it as the the cult of Apple's totalitarian grip on HN-discussion finally letting go. It's already a few years past due. Sorry, but I don't feel like hunting specific threads. I just remember back in the days (before I quit HN and then later rejoined) people would get down-voted to heck for speaking against Apple, people would get slow-banned and people would get stern emails from PG if they spoke too crossly against Apple when Apple did all the questionable things Apple constantly does. You take my word for it or not. I think it qualifies as "cult of Apple's totalitarian grip on HN-discussion". I would rather not have to resort to that sort of stuff here on HN. On Android, you can install updated browsers like Firefox and Chrome. Not sure about how well their mobile counter-parts actually support HTML5, but at least you have a choice for a non-system-supplied browser. On iOS you are, as you say, SOL because Apple has literally crippled the options you have down to one: The one they supply and update, once a year. Google Talk uses straight XMPP, so any XMPP-capable IM-client should suffice. And there are lots of those. I don't see a problem with this. Well, noticed how Android's own web browser is even worse in HTML5 than Mobile Safari? "Android's browser"? Care to elaborate on which browser that is? The one built from source? Which version of the source would that be? Or would it be Chrome? Or Firefox? Or Opera? Or Dolphin? Or Maxthon? or MIUI browser? Or the one included with TouchWiz? In which case, which version of Touchwiz? And how is it "even worse"? You mean it doesn't behave like Mobile iOS Safari so that sites specifically tailored for iOS-devices doesn't work out of the box on Android? What a shock that is, eh? It's almost like I write sites specifically for MSIE, and they don't render correctly in Firefox. Haven't we heard about this story once before? I'm not debating the correctness of your statement, but when you start out with something as mindblowingly pointless as "Android's browser is even worse" it's hard to take the rest of your point seriously. > Don't pretend to be silly as not to understand what "Android browser" is. In that case, I challenge you to pinpoint what browser I'm writing this comment from. It should be obvious. It is the Windows-browser. (And before you start debating how that sounds ludicrous, take a step back and realize how Android is more like Windows and Linux than iOS when it comes to software-choice, not to mention versions and revisions and forks) I remember the news was all over the tech-web, including HN. A quick Google will yield you multiple hits, but in case you are lazy (I know I am), here is one of them: http://www.ibtimes.com/articles/380534/20120904/apple-samsun... Same for stock JB browser. Latest (regular desktop) Chrome on Windows 8 gets reported as Windows NT. I mean.. Sure there's probably quite a bit of remnants from the Windows NT codebase here and there, but it's probably not very useful for reporting to support etc. This looks very interesting indeed. Initially it looks like a darkly themed Gnome-desktop with a new launcher, but looking around it seems like this is something different. Unfortunately I cannot seem to find any details on the what's backing this distro. Maybe that's the point and that you shouldn't have to care, but I'm still curious. Do you have any more details on what's actually running here? > And Libre Office or Calligra are decent options as well. I use Linux machines for what they do well, and pretty much all my machines sans the "main" Laptop are Linux-driven. That said: This statement cannot be refuted enough. Libre Office and its forks are merely bad imitations of previous versions of MS Office while offering few to no benefits once you exclude cost. They are not "decent" alternatives. They are free, but noticeably sub-par alternatives. They are in no way drop-in replacements. If I want to take the cost of working with a low-end Office-suite which covers the bare basics and sticks to a late 90s design-paradigm, I'll go with Google's online-offering because it actually provides some benefits to weigh up for the cost. And sometimes I do just that. But you'll never find me meddling with the desktop Linux office-suites. They're simply not worth it. You'll have to read my comment as me talking, as a reasonably capable user, which normally merely access around 5% of what I know MS Office can do. Just basic things like creating sections, chapters, tables, footers, headers and making it all look good and consistent, quickly and easily. MS Office, since the move to the ribbon-system have really excelled at exposing the functionality required to do this. It's always there in your face, just one click away, when you need it and then it gets out of your way. It's fantastic. Libre Office and its forks are still stuck in the last generation of UIs where you have a million toolbars, all just mediocrely capable and insufficient to your full needs, none adapted to your current context and always there taking up space and cluttering the UI wheter you need them or not. There's just no comparison between the user experiences here. MS Office is in a league of its own. Sure. That is a factor. But the reason Microsoft moved from the safe (familiar) UI to the new one was because they realized the old UI-model didn't scale well with expanded functionality. They decided to try to improve the user experience by leaving behind what clearly did not work. For a company which owes most of its legacy to users preferring familiarity, that's very much not a small thing. But they decided it had to be done. More than five years later, Libre Office still haven't done anything at all to fundamentally improve UX. To me that sounds like somebody simply not caring. Apple: NIH reinvented. If you're talking about the movie trailers or whatnot, then Apple isn't trying to sell you Quicktime, but it's damn well trying to sell you an iPhone or iPad. Using a technology you probably already have to own an iPad or an iPhone to have installed no less. > Apple's JS disables the animation for iOS 4.x and below, so maybe that's why it wasn't playing on your friend's iPod. I see Apple is really embracing the idea of "the one web" here, introducing web-fragmentation even among their own devices. Apple has long stopped impressing me. Back in the days when they were the clear underdogs, they were for web-standards and a unified web, because they saw how that was good, and that was what allowed them to become what they are now. Now it seems they don't really have so much ideological issues with how web-pages should be built anymore. Funny thing that. Depending on who you ask, Apple stopped being that company a few years back. They will answer Mobile Me, iTunes, Snow Leopard, iCloud, Genius, Ping, iPhones unable to call or any other thing which at some point was delivered in such a shoddy state that it was hard to keep believing Apple was any different than the other tech companies. Anyway, this is not another Steve Jobs is dead, Apple is going to heck-post. The decay began a long time before that. The tone of that rant tells me all I need to know about the Coffeescript community and developers. And yes, that means I'll stay clear of it. Apple "reinvents" fragmentation. > Gruber is an amazing writer. Blows away the other reviews. I think you miswrote "shill". It may seem Onionesqsue, but The Gruber-worshipping part of the Apple-sphere really suffers problems this deep. Gruber really doesn't write reviews. He writes Fifty shades of grey for Apple fanboys. His writing serves little purpose sans as a base for analysis of how the Apple RDF affects basic reasoning. The church of Apple likes reading nice things about itself. There's lots of people religiously invested in Apple here on HN, which seems to have Apple (and it's share-price) as the better part of their identity. It's a bit awkward for sure. So working with Apple means walled gardens and corruption? That just makes it sound so much better! And here I thought Apple's main selling point (at least to justify the price) was this hard-to-quantify "build quality" meme. Granted, the iPhone 4's could be broken and shattered left or right if dropped, but if you avoiding actually stressing the device in any realistic way and avoided making calls without "holding it right", it should at least present an appearance which shoved off this "build quality". Now "build quality" is reduced to mean even less, almost little more than "looks nice on photos"? From the way I'm seeing things, Apple is lossing its cool completely. No people have ever had these problems on any other phone than an iPhone. I think that's telling a lot. The only people I see with cracked screens are iPhone owners. No Android-phone owners I have ever seen has been using a broken phone. So no, I don't buy that Apple has some sort of magical build quality-property which can't be had in better (and cheaper) phones made by significantly less evil vendors. All Apple has left is full platform lock-in and a church. > You just need to put it in water and re-anodize it. Right now I have an image in my head of Steve Jobs saying that, very much like "you're holding it wrong". You can't be serious. It didnt on my old iPhone 3G. Gone were all my contacts and calendering data, including birthdays. I had to export my stuff to CSV and massage it in local Outlook and do some reverse-and-double-wipe sync stuff through iTunes. It was horrible and I refuse to buy another iDevice ever again. Is this new Windows "app store" the only way one can install software in the future, or is it just one additional way to deploy applications, which is more streamlined? On ARM-based tablets running Windows "RT" (that is Windows 8, without the legacy, without the desktop), Windows only ships with Metro and the AppStore is the only place to get apps. On x86-based systems, you can fool around in desktop-land as you are used to and install anything you like. So the answer is yes and no, all depending on platform. Most interesting thing about this: ... when { a competitor } decides to submit { something better }, it won’t be rejected. This is why closed platforms are bad. If you aren't happy with the vendors supplied solution, you should be free to replace it with something which works better for you. Here Apple customers are sitting, hoping and waiting, for a competitor to come up with a solution which isn't fundamentally broken, and hoping that Apple wont block the competitor in offering them this better solution. They have to hope Apple wont block a better solution. I find that "interesting" to say the least. And I wont buy into it. Having some standards and providing a working maps app before release would be my definition of "how to do it", but maybe I'm missing something here. Obviously Apple knew their solution was shit, but they released it anyway, hoping people wouldn't mind too much. That was their choice and now they have to deal. This is not dealing. Search is still there. Just press the windows key and start typing. It's all there, sans the textbox which tells you it's there. Probably not the pinnacle of intuitive design, but it is there ;) I think it's cute how Apple-customers takes for granted that Google will fix Apple's problems to make their life better instead of promoting its own platform. Agreed on this. And not having an "all" category in the UI and as the default choice, seems like a weird design decision to me. IOW: Apple admits iOS maps is a complete failure. It least they didn't pretend otherwise, like with mobileme. It reads like an apologist apologising. Gruber is a known shill who writes 50 shades of gray for Apple-fans. When you dont have immense amounts of data to search, having to put in effort to pre-filter your search results feels like unnecessary work. Filtering should only be needed/useful when the result-set is bigger than the user can handle. There is a fine line here, but I feel Microsoft missed it and stepped on the wrong side. If (usable) builds come for the Galaxy Nexus, I will be forced to try this out :) I think a good summary of the situation is that Apple attempted to out-Google Google. Microsoft has tried that in the past, just as they've tried to out-Apple Apple. It's bound to fail. What's interesting about this is that it beyond a doubt confirms that Apple is now playing catch up to Google (and Android). I think the response to the iPhone 5 so far (because of lack of new features, flaws or whatever) can also be explained by something I claimed back when it was clear that the iPhone had its sales-figures beaten by a single Android handset (Samsung Galaxy S3): > This is the first visible sign of a trend which began quite a while ago: iPhone has peaked (just like the iPod did) What the results of this will be in the long run, especially with consequence to iOS-design, we'll have to wait and see. I was wondering what I'd use this for (either as an end-user or as a developer), when I found that people actually use their google-account for two-factor authentication for their SSH accounts . You know what? I don't trust Google enough to allow them to lock me out of my own systems, and I'm surprised other obviously technologically inclined people do. Except Google adding whatever they feel like to Chrome and feature hungry devs pushing users to Chrome because MSIE lacks "HTML5 support", when what they mean is that they want to use last week's experimental APIs in production sites today. And only writing for webkit when doing mobile. Screw Firefox, or Opera or webstandards in general. Weehoo iPhone! (May also not break on Android) It's already a strong trend. I say the fear is justified. Windows 8 boots faster because Windows 8 lies to you when you "Shutdown." Windows 8 actually hibernates instead of shutting down for real; and you can get the same effect by enabling hibernation on Windows 7 Incorrect. This is provenly false. Windows 8 boots faster from a cold boot than Windows 7. It really does. The memory footprint is much smaller. The runtime environment is much more optimized and snappy. You can tell Microsoft has cut out lots of cruft and optimized critical code-paths, especially with regard to boot. Hibernation which you refer to is a different feature, and provides you with the same session and programs and state as you had running before, just like a normal sleep would do on a laptop, except it will survive a flat battery. It does so by persisting your entire RAM to disk for reloading on boot. This is completely different from booting which would give you a new, empty session. So if you end up with an empty session, it's provenly not hibernating, it's booting. And boot is much, much faster. On all system's I've had, hibarnation, designed to save time, has only caused increased latency for shutdown/sleeping/hibernation, and similar increase in boot times since not only Windows needs to load, but all that persisted state must be restored as well. On machines with more than 4GBs of RAM this leads to horrible performance and I've permanently disabled the option for the OS to use this due to the performance issues involved. On Windows 8 I've kept the defaults and things are just flying. So Apple has successfully ruined one competitor's ability to compete, innovate and bring products to market. And lost. In a free market that should be the most punishable offense of all. How much is that going to cost Apple? How many billions will they be forced to pay in punitive damages? Will they be banned from making similar claims in the future? Have they lost "karma" so when serving the next "ban kthx plz"-request, they will have to prove their case more thoroughly? Will their existing, similarly baseless claims be re-investigated and maybe denied or withdrawn? What have we (as people, and as a judicial system) learned from this which means we can punish abuse and avoid having cases like this happen again? This is after all in the US, and in the US we do not want anything to hinder the free market, right? OP claims that a Windows 8 uses a feature which without exception causes 1. extra IO workload, 2. reduced performance and which 3. persists entire sessions to 1. reduce IO workload, 2. increase performance while at the same time 3. session is not persisted. I point out how this argument makes no sense. I don't think I'm the one you should target with "citation needed". That's certainly interesting, and thanks for proving parts of my argument wrong. I do appreciate being corrected. However OP made the following claim: Windows 8 lies to you when you "Shutdown." Windows 8 actually hibernates instead of shutting down for real; and you can get the same effect by enabling hibernation on Windows 7 Note the part that where he claims that you can get the same speedup on Windows 7 by enabling hibernation. This is provenly false and anyone who has tried it would know. While the story is cool and it all sounds neat and very ahead-of-the-curve-esque, I'd just like to make one objection: Despite all the advances in smartphone hardware and software since 2009, I still know many people who couldn't consider using any other phone than the N900. This was and is the only smartphone that you could actually make your own. My Nexus phone would care to disagree. I have full control of everything running on it, and I can flash anything I like on it, including non-Android operating systems. PHP is extremely well documented and it's been around so long that it's easy to find solutions on the web. I can agree that PHP is documented. That it is well documented however is something I'm very much willing to argue against. PHP has string-operations documented to be "binary-safe" without ever saying what that is supposed to mean, if it's good (it's not), if it's bad (yes, yes, yes it is) and why you should have an opinion on that at all. Nothing about that. "Binary-safe" is not defined anywhere. It just "notes" that all these operations which should operate on text is "binary-safe". And "safe" makes it sound like a good feature, right? Documentation like this is probably written by people who have no idea what a character encoding is and thinks that being able to strpos() on raw byte-data is a "cool feature", without understanding that text and it's encoded representation are two very different things. Basically, the documentation is written by people lacking any deep understanding of the subject they are covering, and they pass their confusion on to whoever may be unfortunate enough to stumble upon it. So... Is bad documentation better than no documentation? I don't know. Maybe? Still: PHP documentation, good or bad, represents the blind leading the blind. If you want "extremely well documented", head over to MSDN and check the .net docs. It's systematic, it's consistent and it's thorough. It's written by people who understand the difference between Unicode, UTF8, text and bytes. Or whatever else the subject you are reading about covers. But people peddling in PHP wouldn't know that, because they wouldn't want to go too far outside their comfort-zones, and hey, they definitely wouldn't want to look at anything done by Microsoft. Completely unrelated: I'm not easily offended. Right now I'm not offended at all, in case anyone would interpet this post to mean so. I'm all OK. Really. But that said: I'm severely puzzled about your choice of HN username. Especially if compared to all the other things that we nowadays spend billions on According to Apple, putting rounded corners on things with touch-screens will cost you a billion. So yeah. Technically speaking: Very very cool and impressive. Especially the real-time editing. On the flip side, it is styled very much to mimic Chrome's own editor. And that makes me wonder. When or why would I use this over what is already built into Chrome? But the images get cropped to the width of the screen making it impossible to read the content on WP7:-/ That's because most people's idea of designing for mobile is "tailor for Webkit and screw (actual web-standards and) anything else". You learn this quickly and brutally should you ever try to venture on to the open web using Firefox mobile on your Android device. I can't even imagine how little concern has been put into MSIE mobile, given its absolute minescule market-share, and how surfing the mobile web with it would be. I assume you are asking due to my comment about "most punishable of all offenses". I'll be honest and say it was a wee bit tongue-in-check. That said, I'm for anti-trust laws in principle. For me to support them in practice, execution needs to be delicate. As for in so many other fields, this is the hard part. So... It's a bitmap-image written in CSS boxshadows. It's a bitmap written in text. The resulting CSS is 247KB. Taking the same image and saving as a JPG (which I think is fair, since it's fairly blurry) results in a 40KB file. That's more than 6 times smaller. If you scale it down to the detail level found the CSS (each CSS-"pixel" being a 4x5 unit) even a PNG will easily beat it at 24KB. Here the JPG also clocks in at 6KB. So I don't get it. Using CSS, using a text-format to encode bitmaps has always been and will always provide subpar results. Ok. So it can be done. We know that. It has been proven times and times again. Apart from that: What's the point? I don't do MS/Xbox, so cannot speak to that, but I do Android/Google, iOS/Apple, and Kindle/Amazon. I got a Kindle as a birthday gift from my better half. In advance, I had told family members that I was getting a Kindle one way or the other, so I asked them to please don't buy me physical books. "Please give me giftcards for Amazon instead". Fair enough. So said. So they did. And that was when I was in for a surprise. You cannot get a UK-model Kindle outside the UK, so my better half had ordered a US-model. Normally, when buying from Amazon, I have always in the past ordered books from amazon.co.uk, because they are geographically closer to me here in Europe and it just feels more natural. And seemingly so had a few of the giftcard-buyers thought as well. Imagine my surprise when I find out I cannot redeem my UK giftcard-code in the US-store and that I cannot order Kindle-books for my US-kindle in the UK-store where I was forced to redeem my code. In the end I had to buy physical books after all. Granted: Amazon is by far one of the better players in the field. But because of that, this leaking out of internal business processes onto me, their customer, took me by great surprise. I had honestly expected better from them. Sure. It's a hack. I get it. Hacks are cool. But this is a hack which has been posted a million times over and over the last few months. At some point the novelty wears off and IMO this one is way past due. Apart from that, I was asking if there was anything else I was missing. From the responses I got, it seems the answer is "no". If I were an Apple competitor, I'd forget about tablets and smartphones and invest all my resources into developing the next "big thing". The reason is simple: Apple cannot be beat in its own game. With this line of thinking we'd have iPhones and Nokia clones. With the recent upshot in Android tablet-marketshare, I say you dissmiss too easily. Apple is reaping most of the profits (since their devices are high margin) Why would anyone except Apple and its shareholders care about that? Why would you care about that? All that should tell you is that you (as an Apple-customer) is getting ripped off. Most responsible lower-middle class or poor families can't afford an iPad That statement makes no sense. Everyone and their grandma can have an iPad. They are being given away for "free", bundled with 3G subscriptions. Android tablets you actually have to buy. Where I live, Android-tablets are mostly found among wealthier, informed people. If this isn't the ethos of everything Apple I don't know what is: other people have to support Apple. Apple just can't do anything standard or play along nicely with everyone else. Spoiled brats we used to call them in school. That's completely missing the point: Kids should be introduced to open systems and learn the values it provides me, you and everyone. Kids should be on platforms where tinkering is allowed and encouraged. This is the way they learn. They should be on platforms where they cannot be "banned" for having fun. They definitly should not piped directly into a megacorp's cash-pipe from birth only to learn its one platform, its one language used only there and learn skills which only has value inside that megacorp's locked eco-system. That would be a very stupid and very bad thing to do to a kid. TLDR: iPhones considered harmful. You mean a website recommended by someone who suggests that every kid should buy $1000s worth of Apple-equipment, then pay Apple $100 for the right to program that equipment and have it entered into Apple's locked ecosystem, isn't fully free and open? I'm hardly surprised. People these days really don't see to value freedom and openness the way they used to. It's especially disappointing to see the same trend in hacker-circles. And all this money... To program on the minority platform with a dropping market-share, which you can be banned from if you and Apple happen to disagree about what is good fun and not. That's a pretty shit deal. Compare it to the Android deal: It now has over 75% of the smart-phone market. Developing on it can be done for free, using free tools, on any PC or Mac, basically any platform with a JVM. Chances are you can do it on a machine you are already own. Applications can be distributed freely, directly to your friends, without the need for any store approval. Android in short: Zero cost. Ready to go on things you already own. Full freedom. Whoever wrote this and decided that iPhone games was the thing kids needs to learn must be smoking some pretty heavy weed. Compare that to Office 2013 which is not even out in beta-form and already has lots of docs available. This is pretty bad. I dont think I've ever heard of a Microsoft launch like this. It sorta works in a broken way in 4.1.2 on my Galaxy Nexus running stock browser. From the pictures itself it seems obvious that whoever wrote this suffers from the infamous valley "if it works on my iPhone, it's standard-compliant"-syndrome. Because, you know, it breaks horribly in most stuff I throw at it and performs horribly bad even on desktop Chrome on a dev-machine. What a pointless soundbite. No one real has typed h t t p colon slash slash in about 10 years. After Google decided to covertly introduce their own proprietary SPDY-protocol and to undermine standard HTTP, W3C and IETF "in the name of user-friendlessness" and Chrome started assuming that any non-canonical server-name (ie in a URL like "test-server/testapp/page") is a Google-search, I find myself manually prepending URLs like that with http:// all the time . Granted. I'm not a normal user. It's not a normal internet use-case. But browser-design as of late has made it increasingly needed to be specified. Someone, somewhere sat down and decided that this was a direction they wanted to go. The URL-bar has always been a referentially transparent addressing-function. IMO making it not so is a very bad move, and it's sole purpose was to secretly promote yet another invasive Google-product into becoming a web-standard without involving anyone else for input. Still. iPhone (only) tailored web-development has taken the web back into the "this site was designed for MSIE" abyss. Guessing if things posted on HN will work in browsers and OSes I use (non provided by Apple, for highly ethical reasons) is a daily game of chance. Is that really what we want? Is that the future we want? Wasn't this what we all shunned Microsoft for doing? Yeah lets fragment the web like it's 1999. Apple did after all invent the HTML. Lets make it Apple-specific. Sigh... Remember back in the days when "stealing" used to mean taking something away from someone? These petty fights are getting tiresome. [1] Anyone who brings up mobile Chrome will get a mouthful about why that's terrible as well. Personally I prefer stock browser over Chrome because I find it faster and more responsive. That said: I'll bite. What's so horrible with Chrome on Android? And I say that as someone who is interested in learning, not someone debating the correctness of your claim. You still can, but calibre lets you do format-conversion (since mobi is the only real format you can push to it while retaining readbility). It also allows you to tidy up meta-data and stuff to make things look better. It's definitely a "required" component as far as my Kindle is concerned. While I'm sure that you've put a lot of work into it and that it might be a good read for the right audience, the key to getting people's attention is having a good headline. People demand a good, concise and descriptive headline these days. The headline for this submission could definitely use some improvements. Commodore-64 to Commodore Amiga (unsuccessful) Except every kid I knew when I grew up swapped their Commodore 64 (which they had) for an Amiga 500. The Amiga was widely successful and ahead of everything else at the time, at least within the consumer price-point. What killed Commodore was that they got complacent, lazy and slept on their laurels. When the PC finally overtook the Amiga (much like Nokia, RIM being overtaken now, etc) it took too much time until they realized what was happening, and when they did, it was too late. They had no products to offer which could match the competition, and slowly, but surely they went into bankruptcy. And today, you’re already seeing cash registers, terminal emulation, and other dummy tasks being performed by iPads rather than PCs. Not arguing against the entire point of the article, but that seems like a highly localized phenomenon. In fact, I haven't seen PCs used for this in over 10 years either. Maybe I'm missing something. Anyway. The article seem full of half-truths and inaccuracies intermixed with opinion to support his point. I'm not saying he's all wrong, but he has enough wrong to lose most of his credibility. It would indeed be hilarious if Microsoft mangled web-standards to comply with Apple's broken non-standard additions. The circle of incompetence would be complete. So basically the "People are not buying PCs, they are buying iPads"-meme should stop here then? Good good. Indeed. And until it gets overturned completely, you'll still need a team of lawyers ten times the size of your engineering department before you are allowed to innovate. At least if you operate within US borders. Guess how sexy that is looking these days? (1 billion dollar sexy, if anyone was wondering) I've been a MSDN/Technet junkie for most of my professional life, so maybe I got this wrong and just haven't noticed before... But is this the first time Microsoft actually put up a download page for their OS. A simple page where people can just go, buy and download stuff, without the need for any special MSDN/Technet account? If so, that's both cool and about time. Mail? Seriously? I'm using Windows 8 on my (non touchscreen) laptop, for the overall improvements on the platform and I'm very happy about it so far. And it means I have day to day experience using it. And so far, I think the Mail-app is one of the weakest apps to the point where I wondered if Microsoft is seriously releasing this as their RTM, finalized Mail-client for the masses. If I may ask: What part about it do you find so faverouble? Is there some hidden gem I have missed? > I would much rather see Ubuntu on my Transformer Infinity I've loaded up Ubuntu on my original Transformer. Granted, it has a Tegra 2 CPU, which to put it mildly is not very powerful, but Nvidia has put out the required source and modules to put up a Linux distro which takes advantage of it. Maybe Ubuntu just has gotten "bloated" over the years and everyone has failed to notice because all PCs are overpowered these days, but when I booted it up on the Transformer, a machine which runs Android flawlessly, smoothly and responsive, I was severely disappointed. Everything. Was. Dead. Dead. Slow. Prepare to wait multiple, multiple seconds to open that terminal. And please don't talk aobut browser-performance. Ouch. Maybe it will run better on the newer models, but trying it out in real life was a little off-putting. On the other side: If Canonical is putting in effort to get it running well on the Nexus 7, it should translate to an overall performance-improvement across the line. And that would be welcomed very much. Getting just below that on my Galaxy Nexus, a phone . Interesting times we live in, indeed. Both Gnome and KDE became touch-ready over the years. As someone who has loaded Ubuntu onto my Asus Transformer tablet, let me tell you, no they haven't. It seems that they're no longer using tablet UI, even on Nexus 10 (i.e. it has status bar on top, navigation buttons are in the middle of the screen). That's weird, and I definitely don't like it, but it might not be that big of a problem. Good catch. This will hopefully be configurable on custom ROMs, as I'm with you on this one: I don't want this on my 10" tablet. Wow. Looking at that data, you can see that devices with mobile internet accounts for 77% of the total usage. Of these 77% only 10% comes from CDMA-based devices. I pictured the CDMA share would be much higher. At this rate we'll be rid of CDMA in just a few years time and finally we can have one, world-wide, standardized GSM network with none of the carrier-shenanigans, due to the customer mobility that GSM brings. When the time comes, that'll be awesome. Unfortunately it seemed like I couldn't get it to work on Windows. How long is it supposed to take before you see anything in the simulator? Now that windows 8 and mountain lion both for the first time credibly handle HiDpi I agree, it's about time we switched. I made that decision back in 2004 when my laptop had 1680x1050 resolution. Since then I've only gone higher and I've yet to have problems. Windows seems to have handled this pretty well long, long ago so I have no idea what people are complaining about. And with Nexus 10 looking pretty damn sweet, I guess 2012 can be declared the year when Android tablets finally took hold. With all the wonderful things Android-phones has done for the general smart-phone, it was about time we had the same revolution happen in tablet-space. Just before I saw this post on HN, I realized that the first editor I was presented to when I was being taught Java at university was emacs. Emacs felt slow, clunky, last-century and everything which could be light, nimble and cool Emacs made feel boring and hard. I did not get to like Emacs back then. In fact I've gone years and years and years actually never fully liking emacs, beyond it being simpler to use than vim (which I still consider insane) while readily available on most shells. It was a safe haven, although a unpleasant one. Recently though, I've dabbled in clojure. Eclipse is really not good for clojure development. Especially not so for learning how things works under the hood. So emacs is seemingly the lingo-franco in clojure circles, and I was forced to return to my old Java-related enemy. Or at least so I thought. Out of the box, almost nothing is optimal for clojure development. So you have to add packages (emacs supports packages? nice!), you may have to tweak init.el to do so (emacs is configurable and programmable through its own lisp-dialect? nice!), oh and you may want to add some repos and map package-install over this collection of useful pacakages (no way!). Once you're there and getting productive, you might encounter things you don't like. Google it and find ready-made lisp-code to import into your init.el, and your problem is solved. I guess that's not really directly related to this article, but before heading to HN now, I had the realization that emacs, despite it being the horrible tool which Java made me hate, is actually pretty awesome. You need the right perspective to fully appreciate something. This is crucial and something Java taught me this, although in the wrong way. And just as I realize this, then I see an article about Java and perspective. I like cute litle coincidences like that :) As someone who has spent a little time into F# and other languages where currying are the default behaviour for any function, this is the one thing I find myself missing the most in clojure. Yes, I see why wee need partials and can't have currying by default. It would seriously mess up destructuring. Yes, I get that. I still miss it though. I'd say it's not warranted and it's not needed. After meddling about for a bit, I did a reset and I did it using "emacs starter kit" by technomancy (of leiningen fame): https://github.com/technomancy/emacs-starter-kit On top of this I've added some tweaked versions of yank-indent and indent.el from the emacs-wiki: http://emacswiki.org/emacs/AutoIndentation On top of that, I've just added whatever tweaks and hacks necessary to get screen & emacs behaving properly in a FreeBSD shell, since currently my best and most powerful internet-facing host is a FreeBSD machine. So as you can see, most of it is repo'd already :) Set your browser to never auto-launch plugins, but require click to play. If you're not already using ad-block, you will be amazed by how much it improves the performance of your general internet-surfing. So, besides security mindedness, there are already other good reasons for doing it. Cygwin comes with its own mintty terminal these days. No need for console2. Please explain me, as a completely impartial outsider, in plain words, how " do whatever you want with it" is not a license. I see people arguing that with Windows 8, the synergy with WP8, ability to remotely admin this new class of devices via group policies etc, corporate will jump on Windows 8 across the line, and somehow it will out of the blue be a clear contender in what is now a two horse race. I don't quite buy it though. The place i have seen least enthusiasm for Windows 8 is in the Enterprise. It would be easier if they simply chose a very permissive license to use. Only in a world where people's mindset has been ruined by copyright would it be simpler to license something than giving it away. With different resolutions, different storage capabilities, different memorysizes and computational capacity. Some with mobile broadband, some without. Which may be used with or without accessories such as a keyboard or stylus. One thing indeed. Why not just follow Apple's iOS control sizing guidelines Because that is completely missing the point and leaving out every device not made by Apple (which is most devices in the market). Your aim should be to have an overall strategy for how to handle the incredible amount of devices and variations out there. And to be honest, the iPad Mini adds nothing new to this mix. We already had the form factor, we already had the size, we already has the DPI. If you are making web-pages, make them work on anything reasonably capable, not just iGadgets. Anything else is a big "fuck you" to Tim Berner Lee. Do you really want to tell mister world wide web to fuck of? Do you? Besides, optimizing for iOS-devices seems passé and counter-productive. It's currently the minority-platform and its market-share is diminishing year by year now. Android on the other hand, with its 75% and increasing market-share, now that sounds like an audience you do want to make sure you reach. If your website works well on a variety of Android-devices, you can be reasonably sure it will work on other platforms as well, iOS included. At $10 a month to store 1TB on Glacier, you'll surpass that cost in a year. Does those $10 include the servant which does the backup and drives the hard-disk off-site for you automatically, as would be the equivalent of an automated job with s3cmd/rsync (and whatever you have for arq and glacier)? If not so, you are missing something crucial in your equation. I guess you have to decide if you are a GNOME app, an Ubuntu app, or an XFCE app That's it. Gnome has peaked. No point supporting people who are unable to grasp the idea that they work in a software-community and that pieces, even ones they don't use or make, will need to fit together. After reading the full piece, it's obvious Ubuntu and KDE are not that much better than Gnome. Should we say 2012 looks like the year Linux "lost" the desktop after a few years of prosperity? For someone running Ubuntu 12.10 with "basic" desktop needs, can anyone come up with some recommendations for a more open, forthcoming distro and DE? Someone to reward for their efforts? It seems like using and supporting Ubuntu, Gnome etc at this point would be sending out the wrong signals. Then we go and use Firefox and Libreoffice, which don't exactly fit into any of the desktops. This is true for any OS (with the possible exception of OSX, which I don't use, so I'm not going to make a blanket-statement about that). Use Windows and consider how consistent apps look there. Hint: They don't. Look at Android and see how consistent things are there. Again: They aren't. Same with iOS. No widely developed-for OS on the planet has a 100% consistency rates with conformance to HIGs (nor near 100% for that matter). Why on earth do Linux DE-developers, the most fragmented of them all, on the most fragmented of all platforms, think they have a realistic chance of getting consistency nailed? Why are they wasting time, theirs and other's, on this widely unrealistic and meaningless goal? Theirs, I could be willing to accept. Other's shows a lack of respect and understanding. And what fuels this lack of respect? The importance of "the brand". To be honest, every time I read "brand" elevated to something ulterior in that article it made me cringe. Has marketing departments taken over FOSS? Doesn't the developers see the destructive force they are unleashing on the community? Seeing all this wasted effort, bridges getting burnt, etc. It's just such a shame. The fact that you have a fork which is basically a point-in-time frozen version of a tool whose newest version nobody wants to use is pretty telling. The Gnome team would be wise to listen in on the feedback from the community. If they want a community that is. They seem to think that this "Gnome brand", "Gnome identity" and "Gnome platform" is the most important thing they need to concern themselves with these days. I consider myself a power-user, one which has grown extremely tired of doing the same re-install routine. ninite seems just like what the doctor ordered and I cannot believe I haven't heard of it until now. I know what I'll be trying out when we get new dev-machines at work and need to go through yet another reinstall. Thanks a bunch :) Predictable Marco predictably defending whatever Apple has decided to do for whatever "reasonable" reasons he can conjur. Also: predictably trollbait. Like everyone else in this thread, I agree what's interesting is not that it's sold out, but how many were actually sold. Sadly nobody seems to have those numbers available. This ofcourse comes 2 days after I manually migrated much of my S3 data to Glacier. As ck2 says, it seems a bit complex, but it also seems to offer other benefits (like a realtime index). I guess I'll have to reconsider my options, again. Interesting to see how vendor-provided files, drivers and utilities seems to be causing most problems across the line. Also it seems that Windows 8 has a lot going for it stability-wise. The figures reported (if reliable) seems to indicate that Windows 8 is about 2-3 times more stable than Windows 7, which I already would consider pretty good. That's a remarkable improvement. As for Windows 8 itself, I had a chance to fool around with it on a MS Surface tablet. Not saying I'm buying the tablet myself (I already have an Asus Transformer), but Windows 8 suddenly feels like it makes a lot more sense, once you are using it on a touch-enabled device. I always found it interesting to see how carriers attempt to take existing products from other (well known) vendors and market them as their own. So this is not a Lenovo tablet, despite saying so on the back. It's the Vodaphone Smart Tab II. I would never consider buying electronic gadgets from a company which has no track-record making them, like a cellphone network operator. I want stuff made by Samsung, Asus, etc. People I know have made hardware I like in the past. Why do carriers persist with this meaningless rebranding? Am I the weird one here? While I like Clojure, and I think ClojureScript represents some (at least theoretical) benefits, like being able to reuse same logic client-side and server-side, I think I'm leaning towards the same conclusion the author does: Contrary to plain Clojure, “fun” and “productive” aren’t the words that come to mind when I think of my adventures in CLJS ... All that only to bridge the gaps and make ClojureScript look more like… JavaScript. It may be a matter of habit, but as both languages are dynamic and untyped, I just feel it's more natural hacking at the web using plain JavaScript. I don't see ClojureScript providing me with enough unique capabilities I cannot have in JavaScript to be worth the trouble. If I want to reuse Clojure-based logic, to me at least, it is starting to look as if it is easier to write your main client-side code in JS and just include CLJS-compiled JS when you want to reuse stuff. That is, if you are willing to accept the overheard that involves. And in these times of "yslow", you may not. I probably am, but you may not. I think the worst thing about the Windows 8-feedback so far is that everyone is very dismissive about Metro as a whole. Lots of people (me included) will tell you that Windows 8 is great and a solid upgrade from Windows 7. That there are improvements across the line, and that if you don't care about or don't like Metro, just don't use it . People are assumed not to like Metro. People are told how to avoid it. If Windows 8 in any form succeeds based on that feedback, it would still be a failure for Microsoft, because the whole point of Windows 8 and the one thing they are actually trying to sell is Metro. I'm not driven crazy by it, but I don't use it much. I don't use Metro-apps. When I was given a chance to sample a Microsoft Surface tablet, Metro made a whole lot more sense. But I'm not going to be using it on my laptop. His complaints about widescreen tablets not being very natural in portrait mode speaks volumes about his lack of experience with Android tablets, which all comes in this form. It may feel a bit weird at first, but really, it's sorta like reading webpages of a normal A4 sheet of paper. And we should be pretty used to that. The iPad haven't been around for so long. Minority/Majority are only terms which makes sense in a specific context. This context can be gender, can be race, can be nationality, age, experience, school of thought, sexual orientation, preference in food, preference in code-editor etc. If you find yourself in a "minority", it's because you have chosen to identify yourself with something which puts you on the outside. People calling for discrimination in cases like this often have chosen to identify themselves with a metric which puts them in the minority (race, gender) instead of one which wouldn't (nationality, age, experience, school of thought, etc). To me it seems like a personal, deliberate choice to weight your identity in on things which are not important to the subject instead of those which are. And I find it hard to sympathize with. You're not suffering. You're not living under South African apartheid rule. You are not being oppressed. In fact, you are using your freedom, which you do have, to cause a shitfest over statistical anomalies or tendencies. Cry me a river. Yes. This can certainly be done. It's not ideal but it can be done. The problem is that this a standard complaint everywhere, and that this is the standard response given everywhere. In doing everything they could to force Metro down users' throats in Windows 8 (which is a decision I disagree with, but can understand), Microsoft completely failed when repeating that same judgement for a server OS . Server-admins doing RDP does not want Metro. They have nothing to benefit from metro. They will never use metro. They will not install "apps" on their servers. This decision has done nothing except harm Microsoft's perception among people who would normally be the proponents of their technology. Some banks offer interest on their draft accounts (usually called "checking" accounts) but not many Not debating the rest of your post, but in lots of European countries you will find the exact opposite. That is, almost noone provides zero-interest accounts. Because those who didn't give interests, even on checking-accounts, quickly found themselves losing most of their customers. Basically markets and competition in action as they should work. So don't be too eager to extrapolate the (reasonably backwards, technologically under-developed and un-modern) US banking industry to a global de-facto statement. It usually doesn't hold ;) I mean... You guys still use cheques . What's up with that? Someone can provide you with a clickable link, as in for instance this submission, and you would never even know that the content you are accessing is supposed to be "protected". If you are going to nitpick, I will say that this is a feature that relies on browser-support. It's not fundamental to the web. Query-strings however by definition needs to be supported on the server-side. They are a part of the web. They are required for the web to work. Why is "browser-support" relevant? Your example is not supported in MSIE. I also thought it was removed from Chrome (in the name of "simplicity"), but I may be wrong. A link with query-strings is guaranteed to work for everyone. http://support.microsoft.com/kb/834489 Following that logic breeds bizarre results. What if you find this magic token because it was embedded in some client-side, javascript login-form? Are you a hacker for viewing the source? Securing content on the internet is easy. If you don't want it accessible to anyone, don't give the content to anyone who provides an unauthenticated HTTP request. Why are we putting the legal responsibility of maintaining security on that content on everyone except the ones actually in position to do so? Rather if you leave a (possibly classified) document under your doormat, am I a criminal if I find them and read them? It was used for lots of http://famous-website.com:long-token-nobody-will-ever-read@p... style attacks. Microsoft's solution to the problem may not have been ideal, but at least that was the reasoning behind it. Edit: And what do you see once you click post? Hacker news ironically proving Microsoft's point. It's a wonderful world we live in. If you make any sort of money, someone will always be at the other end paying that exact sum of money. If you are a sympathetic person, the higher that sum is, the more you will be focused on ensuring that the money paid is paid by people able to do so responsibly and people knowing what commitments they are getting into. This sounds like quite the opposite. Not really a well written piece. In fact, it's pretty poorly written. But yes, AD is king in most enterprises. Definitely one of Microsoft's most important assets. And that can be said with way less text. Like I just did. Why utilize scheme? If emacs has thaught us anything, it is that when you give people a fully featured language to fool around with, things you could never imagine can start happening. Why not scheme? It's liberally licensed and already has mind-share. It's a simple, no fuzz language with little obfuscating magic and great expressive power. It allows you to build your solutions as bare-bones as you like or go on full architect should you need to. Sounds like just what the doctor ordered. Not to start a flame-war, but I would argue that Python is not as fully featured as a LISP language-wise. And as far as LISPs go, Scheme is extremely simplistic and friendly. Seconded. In C#'s favourite environment (Visual Studio) the GIT-support is so far from seamless that it's one of the last source-control/VCS's you'll consider. So creater of Minecraft rejects Microsoft's platform (Windows RT/8) because it's closed, moves on to develop for iOS. Yes, I remember the idea, being that Windows used to be an open platform, so closing it down is bad. But so was Mac OS. This is still hypocritical as heck. Like I've repeatedly said, as far as LISPs go, scheme is very simplistic and friendly. For things like this, basically a DSL for package-definitions (or other declarative data-formats), a simple LISP like scheme seems pretty optimal. I see no reason not to look into it. It should take you less than 5 minutes to get started in a repl. Remember where your loyalties lay, Mozilla. I think they're starting to spread themselves too thin with wasted development of a Firefox OS and social integration. While you may have a point about spreading things too thin, I would hardly call Firefox OS wasted effort. Even as a die-hard Android-user I find it some of the most fascinating and promising development going on in the mobile-sector right now. If there is one platform I want to succeed, it's not Apple's or Google's. It's the web . Having you entire mobile experience powered by standardized HTML, JS and APIs would be wonderful. It would also make it dead easy to provide mobile "apps" for web-sites without the need to setup huge, dedicated app-development teams, one for each "supported" platform. I don't see Firefox OS as wasted effort. The rest of the bunch (Apple, Google, Microsoft) are just doing a mobile/touch-oriented rehash of the desktop-regime, with an added proprietary app-store. Firefox OS on the other hand, is not getting near the attention and recognition it deserves. It's the only revolutionary mobile-platform being developed right now. It's the only platform bringing forth some new ideas. Maybe because Guile is not a programming language, but a Scheme implementation. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Scheme_implementations I've sent one pull-request so far, but it's not showing on the dashboard. I guess someone should take a look at the 24pullrequests repo itself and get some bugs fixed ;) If you're going to go full cloud, a tablet like the Asus Transformer seems like a much better fit than the iPad. It has a few key advantages: 1. it has a physical keyboard/trackpad dock which the OS fully understands. 2. the dock contains no actual PC, and is 99% battery, effectively doubling your battery-time. Why would you chose an iPad over this? I tried this once and really liked it to the point where I considered replacing Google Docs with it. Only to find the freemium usage-terms way too limited. You want me to pay to have more than 5 free-text documents stored each, probably occupying in total less than 10kb? Seriously? Edit: Seemingly the limit is 15 documents now. That's still a no-go. I would have clicked this list had Techcrunch not been the benchmark it was measured against. Techcrunch and Arrington is a hole of drama and self-obsession and best ignored. Downvoted for bad spelling. On HN and in San Fransisco bay, I'm sure. The rest of the world is choosing Android, as seen in all sales-figures reported this year. Needless to say, "the rest of the world" is much bigger than San Francisco. Apple has already peaked. Were there any rumors/news/anything today that triggered the movement? I guess China Mobila signing a deal with Nokia for its Lumia Windows-phone 8 for it's 700 million subscribers, wont mark any improvements for Apple's already declining global market-share among smartphones. Soon Apple's iPhone and iOS will be a sub 10% market-share actor, and then people are going to ask themselves if they are going to bother to develop for the platform at all. Seeing as Apple currently lives on two products only, the iPhone and the iPad, both dependent on each other for its success, being in the position where one of those two products turns into a failure speaks badly about its future. Someone are also speculating this to come from China Mobila signing a deal with Nokia for its Lumia Windows-phone 8 for it's 700 million subscribers, potentially lowering the iPhone's market-share among smart-phones to well below 10%. It seems pretty clear the iPhone has peaked, and that leaves Apple the iPad its only remaining mega-profitable venture. A venture increasingly facing competition from much cheaper Android-devices, which people are now buying. Apple needs to get back into the innovating business as opposed to the lawsuit-business and quick. This minor drop is just a warning about that. How would this benefit the majority of Google's customers, most residing outside the US? This would be a complete waste of money which could be invested much, much better. It seems to be all the rage to write up anecdotal frustrations full of hyperbole about Apple these days, that's fine, but why do they have to be on Hacker News? You mean, as opposed to all the news praising every minor thing Apple does and banning all articles critical of Apple, which historically has always been the way things was here on HN? I think it's about time the tide changed, and it's probably a good reality check to the people stuck in the valley still believing that Apple "defines" the market. PDFs are easily saved by selecting "open Because that is extremely intuitive. I can see Apple patenting this right away. Also referred to as a "troll" in all circles not blindly apologetic to Apple. Apple still has plenty of cash , and its fundamentals are strong. This is what people said about Nokia when the iPhone came along. Now Apple needs to realize that Android has come along, and it's not going to go away. I'm glad I signed up early. I have 11 users now, for $0, and I still think my limit is 25. That said, $50 a year is not really that much considering the service provided. Not very classy. I've usually come to expect better from Google, but it seems like they really want to shove Google+ down everyone's throats despite people being very clear about not wanting to take part of it. May Apple get a big one up the rear. Asshole patent-trolls keeping the software-business back. Automation is allot easier on a pre-indexed, pre-QAd, pre-tagged and pre-filtered data than it is on the raw underlying data itself. Almost all the automation tools spoke newzbin and nzbmatrix. Why would anyone here support a fundamentally racist, oppressive de-facto apartheid occupying state which is about to commit genocide? Especially considering the above average intelligence i presume people here to have. Israel needs to be boycotted, globally. Not supported. Not in any way. Not in the slightest. I'm questioning the ethics of having this on HN at all. I think that is absolutely within reason. It's factual? Because Evernote is willing to pay the Apple extortion fee for something which isn't costing Apple anything. Good nitpick. Fully agreed. Apple was the late-comer to this game trying to come up with an answer to Google and Android's seamless sync capabilities. I'm saying "trying" because from the feedback I've seen online, iCloud is seriously suffering in usability because of Apple's design-decision that iOS shouldn't "have files". Before 2011, before iCloud, Apple's best sync offer was to take your device, hook it up to a machine via USB and install iTunes on it, and then wait. Wait while your device was in a locked, non-usable state, with no ETA. In 2011, Apple told you to get your cables out. And people claiming Google was the one responding. That's absurd. But it seems people are good at forgetting stuff like this. Stuff which made me and several others permanently leave Apple's platform. Apple is the one who fell behind, Apple was the one trying to catch up, Apple is still the one needing to catch up. The article framing it the other way around is disingenuous. If people stopped giving Apple credit for shit they didn't do nor invent, maybe people would realize there are better options out there, at a much cheaper price. My impression was that iCloud is OK at getting things from your iPhone elsewhere (like other iPhones), but it doesn't in any way solve the issue of creating a document "in the cloud" (or on your laptop or whatever) and getting access to it on your mobile device. Here is one of the places where iCloud goes tits up. And that's before you bring up the confusion caused by iTunes backup + iCloud, for which there has been numerous reports here and other places, leading to complete data-loss. On the flip side, Google has this nailed. Apple is still trying to get it right, and failing. With "iCloud not working" having over 21 million hits on Google. I think saying the user-experience is lacking is putting it lightly. Google is light-years ahead here. Fair enough, but in my defence, I was pretty clear about that this was my impression based on information obtained elsewhere. Still. I don't think there can be any doubt about the main point's validity: Apple was the USB company. They are still trying to find their way out of there. They are responding to Google, not the other way around. Google Docs is, as far as I know, OpenOffice I've never heard about this before, and if true, would be really interested in knowing more about the story behind this. Got some choice links? Just in time to ruin the OS, now that (a certain, but reasonably large subset of) PC-users are looking for something not Windows too migrate to in response to Windows 8. Fantastic. I know Ubuntu 12.10 made it certain I wont recommend them. This is only making things worse. Tried it out. It's bloody fantastic. As long as whatever you're editing is supported by the editor, that leaves little to be desired. Nice work. Looking at your comment history, I'm forced to assume that you're some sort of paid Apple shill. F# transfers a few interesting ideas from OCaml and has some language-constructs I really like. But when it comes to using F# in the past, I always ended up spending too much time assisting the language in inferring my types. It became a chore to write properly generic code and reusable functions in F#. Maybe I didn't follow some convention or did things in an un-idiomatic fashion. I don't know. But it always ended up more work than I assumed it would be. These days, if I need my functional kick, I'll go to clojure. And clojure seems to have a much more healthy ecosystem and third party support. As much as I like F#, especially as a .NET developer, I'm sorry, but I just don't find myself using it very much. when you need to go out, you grab it out of its dock, and all your programs, files and settings are with you, running on their tablet-optimised version. This was what the future looked like 10 years ago until cloud-provided software and storage became an option. This was the videos Microsoft showed us and it all looked fantastic . Now I'm wondering why on earth would I lob files manually around? It's as old-fashioned as synching your phone via USB and iTunes. You did that 5 years ago. Not now. It's a stone-age solution created by stone-age approach to computing. We demand better now. Now I have one Google doc document, which is a live document. It's always the latest version, with all the latest collaborations, and I don't need to bring it with me. That's great . I don't know which documents I'll need. And you can't be realistically expected to bring them all with you always, just to be covered. The "future" you are painting sounds old fashioned and I don't want it. That is Microsoft's main problem now: Their future insist we should keep things which are obsolete (like local files) at all cost, and they are doing it to attempt to keep the relevance of their OS as it used to be. In services like Office 365 they are very explicit about not creating a "document", you are creating a ".docx-file". This is 100% orthogonal to the way they tried to do things on the desktop (hide the extensions at all cost, because they were "confusing"). Now they are back-pedalling hard. Now people must know that they are creating a MS Word file. In the cloud. As if that makes sense. They are either confused, conflicted, panicking, a mix of those, or just appearing to be entirely uncoordinated right now. Even as a .NET developer I am seriously starting to doubt Microsoft's future, at least as far as client-platforms go. That's a US problem which the rest of the world is not constrained by. It's not going to stop technological progress. Especially not when wifi and wired internet is completely and utterly untouched by it. That's how 99.99% of the business market is deployed. And you have governments to regulate monopolies. Demand action from your government instead of complaining about it online. That has worked out pretty well for Europe. I actually thought the idea of the "hybrid" device might work, and may be the future of both tablets and PC's. You can use it as a PC when you need it, and as a tablet, when you don't. Best of both worlds, right? Wrong. Replace "PC" with "Android-powered netbook" and that works out pretty nicely for me and my Asus Transformer. It's my favourite hack-pad these days. Not saying the rest of your post is wrong, but it's the OS (Windows) which is the problem and not the transformation of form-factor. Not to go TLDR on Hacker news, but if 48fps was too much for the author, he did in noway attempt to limit his own output to get down to the core of the matters, or "magic of telling a story" if you like. I'm seeing this in 3D HFR tomorrow (and incidentally my first 3D movie as well). Will be interesting to see if I share his sentiment. Although the simple explanation is "Apple is greedy and wants to milk their users with overpriced charging cords" I think the real explanation is more complex. Occam's razor says that everything you wrote after this paragraph is wrong. Because Apple added DRM to the interface. They are active because Apple made that a requirement. People should stop being apologetic about the bullshit like this which Apple is doing all the time, in small dosages here and there. If you keep taking this, there soon wont be any open, general purpose computing-platforms left. What does it even mean for Apple to license this connector? Apple built DRM into it. You cannot work with it without Apple giving you the keys first. Yes. Apple managed to sell the iFanboys a proprietary, DRMed USB-connector and make them believe they were getting something better than everyone else. If that make Apple geniuses or Apple's customers retardec is your call. Well, it's not really drm Except that now nobody can make a cable/connector without Apple giving them permission first. Sure sounds like DRM to me. DRM prevents digital data/signals from going where an end-user wants them to. So you cannot play DRMed media on a open-source player, but only players blessed by the DRM-vendor. The end-user has his choices artificially limited. And now the end-user cannot use any cables he likes. Only those cables blessed by the proprietary connector vendor. You have authentication where none is needed, exclusively to give the vendor power, not to provide the end-user with benefits. Both are about digital data/signals and having artificial restrictions imposed on them. I think the similarities are good enough to warrant the name DRM. What about HDMI audio output? For those of us who already have a decent, digital A/V receiver? I use doubletwist player with Airsync to play against AirPlay targets like this, if that's interesting to you. Costs a little money though. Rounded corners being worth 1 billion dollars in patent-lawsuits evidently not among them. Pantent-trolling being more profitable the producting neither. Seriously. We have come a so far in technology the last decades. Things we would consider science fiction or maybe even ipmossible ten years ago is every-day stuff now. And our "tech leaders" (and I say that with the most disrespect possible) are now busy engaging in frivilious lawsuit over the shape of the plastic which all this technology is packaged in instead of doing amazing stuff. People claim to "own" rounded corners and flat-screens. Designs already put to market in the 60s. In my books 2012 goes down as the year when tech stopped being about tech and became dominated by anti-competitive lawsuits instead of innovation. The year where no new tech arrived, only new lawsuits. And a sad year it was. Yeah. I find it odd that despite Apple winning the world-championship in patent-trolling and is leading the fight for closed systems and walled gardens, FSF still decides to go after anyone but Apple. Despite this tarnished image of a former tech-innovist, does the FSF really still feel it's impossible to fight the root evil here because of public perception? Is it only picking on Microsoft because that is easier to amass support against? We, as hackers and developers, should support this. We should fight closed systems. We should fight against the forces against general purpose computing (Cory Doctorow has a nice speach on this) and we should fight those who seek to criminalize writing code because somewhere some troll has a vague patent with no implementation covering your work. So yes. Support the FSF on this. But also boycot those who are the chief offenders here. Every dollar spent in an Apple-store is money spent against the core of your profession . Stop spending money there. And throw away your iPhones and Macbooks. They are bad karma and software blood-money. So are computers with their "free" antivirus included. But let's not care about that. Why should that make a difference? I shouldn't need government regulation to ensure that things I own are truly mine. The fact that people are still writing clarifications for what something seemingly as simple as "this" actually means is just another argument for avoiding it entirely. It's a huge source of sneaky, little errors and you wont find any JS object I've written without the first line being "var self = this;". Basically "this" considered harmful. While another App store (even used for pirated apps as well) is probably a good thing, and having fewer sources of software (less competition) is bad, I have to say: good riddance. It wasn't exactly ethical, and even when used for semi-legitimate purposes (obtaining software "not available" in your region) it was slow, cumbersome and unreliable. There's no need to be rooted at all. There's actually no hoops. Just download Terminal Emulator from Google Play and you are good to go. If you have a fancy phone and a USB OTG-adapter, you can actually hook up a keyboard as well, and you now have a text-mode Linux computer with a tiny, tiny screen. You actually dont have to root it at all. Just download terminal emulator from market and you are good to go. Yup. Describes both my router and NAS which I work with all the time. I use it all the time on my Asus Transformer (which has a keyboard dock). As for lacking basic utilities, it seems to be a problem depending on your firmware. CM10+ comes with a lot more basic stuff than just plain busybox. I know my Samsung Galaxy S came with almost nada (meaning I needed to install busybox, it wasn't preloaded). Anyway I now use the Transformer as my main SSH terminal. From the terminal emulator. Like on a normal Linux desktop. I also use it for finding and grepping stuff in my user/data-folder. If I am to copy things to or from the SD-card in the Transformer, I also find myself prefering to do things via the command line, much like I do on a normal Linux desktop. As for the phone, I can't say I use it as much there, more for stuff like looking up my IP and MAC via ifconfig etc. But lacking tools is a problem which can be solved. If you buy "Better Terminal Emulator Pro" ($5-ish) it will offer to download and install a better, more complete (and cross-firmware consistent) set of user-space tools, including stuff like ssh. > And without GNU tools, Linux by itself is also useless. A world of Android-devices disagree with your definition of "useless". And so does my router and NAS (which both comes with Busybox, not GNU tools). > At the moment performance is not great, even by Pi standards. The SDCard runs in 1bit 25mhz mode, and I believe the caches are disabled or set to write though While I'm curious, this sounds like a bout of a bummer. I think I'll wait a little bit longer ;) Not to be an über-pedant, but are you implying that it's somehow illegal to take ownership of your own device? In what crazy world do you live? Seconding this. I'm very much for what Mozilla is trying to do with Firefox OS. I want to give it a spin. Heck, maybe even contribute. It's, after all, for a very good cause. But the fact that my Galaxy nexus is a "tier 3" phone which has no guarantees of even working, and that the "tier 1" phones are phones you cannot buy, my ability and willingness to wipe my working OS from my phone (which I need) for something unproven is very close to zero. Had they provided some good and working images for phones available today, chances that they would get more attention and recognition would be much, much higher. Not providing that has (IMO) been a mistake which has cost them, both publicity and potential contributors. And now Ubuntu seems to be making the same mistake for their phone-OS. It's a strategic mistake and it will cost them the chance to impact the market. When a decade of failures is compressed into a single article like that (with interesting links to further the point), it quickly looks pretty depressing. If it's as bad as the article says, or worse, however remains to be seen. Our cyber-christ, our cyber-savour. > Vic Gundotra disagrees. After Google+ failed as a social network, despite Google using all their Google-muscle to shove it down everyone's throats, Vic Gundotra claims it's not a social network. This is more about not admitting complete and utter defeat than anything else. If Google+ is not a social network, why do I keep getting a million emails about people wanting to share stuff with me, hooking up with people, getting requested to add people "I may know" and a red notification-icon with "my notifications" in the top left screen of everything Google, despite me having opted out, requested my profile be deleted and disabled Google+ for my gapps domain? Why does Google+ act as the desperate kid who is constantly trying to talk to you and be social all the time, if its not a social network? If it was merely a profile-service, why would it constantly need to pester me, even after I've told it to go away a million times? Google+ is easily the worst product Google has ever launched and has seriously damaged my impression of the company as a company just launching good services you can opt in to use, not the Microsoft which attempts to shove everything down your throat. Google Wave was a massive flop, but it was a flop you didn't have to use. And it didn't affect you. Google+ is different. Make no mistake about it: Google+ is very, very bad. Bad execution. Bad product. And bad for Google's image as a whole. This will probably be the first time I've upvoted one of your comments, but I have to admit that this one was right on. If you are going to use IMAP, why would you use gmail at all? Gmail's main selling point is the excellent web-interface, not the way the mail-store works well with IMAP. As someone who moved from perforce to VS/TFS2010 at work, the first thing everyone at the office demanded back was p4merge. It's a very good tool. Fortunately, with VS2012 the built in merge-tools has become much better and allows you to do inline editing in the basic compare/merge-view as well. Since VS2012, I can't say I don't miss p4merge, but I miss it a lot less. Moreover it's quite weak on cross-browser compatibility I too took a note of this. Most (all?) examples comes with -webkit- vendor-prefixes and nothing else. > While Android still doesn’t give you bouncing lists and scroll views It used to be in Android until Apple made it a 1 billion dollar lawsuit and banned everyone else in the universe from implementing it. Those bouncing lists. 1 billion dollar. And Apple is not a patent-troll. No siree. For sake of clarity, both bothers me, but it's the fact that a trivial UI implementation detail can be patented and monopolized I consider fundamentally wrong. That someone can build a 1 billion dollar beast on top of that, what any decent software engineer can do in a matter of days, just makes it so much worse. Some people have a rather mellow attitude to it all and simply say "Don't hate the player, hate the game". I proclaim the right to hate the game and anyone who plays it. Apple should have some pride and a sense of dignity. Apple should be better than this. Clearly they are not. It may be a TouchWiz thing, but I've seen it on Samsung phones I've owned. That is until Apple decided to throw patent lawsuits around. A firmware-update later and gone it was. These days most Android-phones have a "overflow" effect when reaching the end of a list. Specifically designed to avoid lawsuits. Upload to Google Music. Tag the music you want on the device as "available offline", on your phone, when you have internet connectivity. No cables. No sync. No fucking iTunes. No computer required. Just internet. Done. If you feel old-fashioned, you can also just copy files to your device as a standard MTP or mass-storage device using USB-cables, or copy to SD-cards. As long as the music files are properly tagged you should have everything auto-discovered on the device. If you have multiple languages enabled (as opposed to the default, system-language only), you can just point-hold the space-bar and a language selector will be opened. You can also enable a language-cycling button which will appear left of the space-bar if you so please. Both are definitely quick enough for my fancy. I fail to see how this is different from any Android tablet, except artificially crippled. The Windows RT tablets will have the "desktop" mode, but refuse to run any desktop apps not shipped with the device. You can't compile a standard Windows-application for ARM, copy it over and have it run. That's a no go. On Android-tablets, you can whip up a terminal and execute any binary you like, no matter where it came from. You can compile Linux user-land tools for ARM and use them as you please. In fact somebody already did that job for you so you can just deploy them on your tablet. I fail to see how Windows RT offers anything which haven't already been here for years. I will mention it but my premise is that touch is essential. Not to come off the wrong way, but in this case I think you are the only one holding on to this definition. For Chromebooks and Ultrabooks, the promise was to have a light, portable device with good battery time, mainly inteded to provide internet-access. With Ultrabooks, decent requirements for CPU, RAM and storage gets added. Both has a requirement for being "reasonably cheap" given what is offered (for instance sub $1000 for an Ultrabook) Intel, the ones "launching" the Ultrabook, has never once mentioned touch when they tried to sell the concept to PC-vendors. Android doesn't have a file picker. Maybe stock doesn't, but install any file-manager from market, and voila you have just that. As someone who just compiled his own Android build and deployed on his tablet, there's something refreshing and enlightening about working with unlocked hardware and open-source software which you never get to experience on the iStack. I'm not going to try open webOS but I can see why these people are doing what they do :) That is where you are wrong. Just like gallery-app can be a file picker, so can a file manager be. Like cm's file manager is. Or it can be something else entirely, like a dropbox frontend. You've just got to have a little bit more imagination ;) In Android, 3rd parties don't need to integrate, the OS does it for them via intents. That's the number one thing which makes the OS so flexible and exciting. The ones which doesn't work in other standard-compliant browsers, like Firefox. So good that kids get to learn of the Orwellian world of 1984 as early as possible. They get to learn that computers are sealed shut before they even get to use their imagination about what's should be doable. Good good good. Can't have it based on something open, something which can bring things back to the public. That would be counter-productive. Wasn't the UK supposed to be a frontier country on open data and open data-systems in the public sector or am I mixing things up? From what I've heard Microsoft's PointerEvents offer a better complete model, without creating a web-standard which involves risks of getting sued by Apple should you ever dare to implement it. For once, it seems Microsoft has a better option. And no, just because it's in WebKit doesn't make it better, much less an official standard. WebKit is the new IE and it's destructive for the web. People design for "Webkit" as if it was the standard, and expect everyone else "to eventually come along". We did see how well that plays out not that many years ago, but then we did it for MSIE. As a 5 minute user of Firefox mobile, I can attest to this happening right now. The mobile web is at this point not even usuable on a non-webkit browser. This is bad for the web. You are doing it. Please stop doing it. The only thing good for the web is following web-standards. If you're not complying to them, you are doing something wrong, and I don't care what your reason is: You are doing something wrong. > Also, it's useful for knowing who just lost their job I mostly see people updating LinkedIn prior to fusions or other big changes, or when they're just fed up with their position. When I read that headline I ask myself is that $510k real money or is it the Bitcoin-equivalent of that sum? And the fact that I ask that, as a techie - an enthusiast in the know about stuff like this, probably means Bitcoin still has some way to go before it can hope to achieve any sort of mainstream success. Anyone have any idea what will happen to the various XMPP MSN-proxies used to hook your gtalk account up to MSN etc? I'd love to have the same for Skype, but last time I checked, Skype had them all (all unofficial clients) banned... Looks like I'll stick to stock (AOSP) browser then. I'm not going to call the Galaxy Nexus a resource-constrained device but putting Chrome on it sure makes it feel like one, and I like my device as snappy as they come. Last time I tried it my main complaint was startup-time. The stock browser started instantly, while Firefox has a annoying 3-4 second delay before it started loading things. Has that improved significantly lately? But lots of those desktops comes with cheap, sponsered OEM-licenses of Windows and Office. You don't get OEM rebates for your MS server-park. I say this is great news for us Norwegians. With enough of these incidents, we may finally get a BankID system which does not rely on Java. Banks are feeling pressured already, with agressive customers telling them off on facebook when they try to tone this down. And I can't see Mozilla blocking BankID helping them any further. At least OpenJDK doesn't include 0-day exploits featured in Oracle's JVM. You don't need the update this instant. Every time I'm asked to update Java, I can't wait for the day it goes away. Then I remember awesome stuff like clojure runs on top of the JVM. Hopefully more browsers will stop blocking Java applets by default, as only they seem to be the cause of troubles at this point. > Winzip and Nero use the Ask Partner Network Sadly, on Windows even Oracle's Java has the ASK toolbar. Almost nobody has any pride left on the Windows-platform, user-abuse is rampant, almost expected. It's killing the platform and there's nothing Microsoft can do about it. I was considering mentioning Windows RT/Windows 8 and it's "Metro" (Modern) app-store. but decided that I wouldn't. Not because I didn't think about it, not because I wasn't aware of it, but because I decided that so far it seems not to be a very effective means to the end of salvaging Windows' reputation. Especially given how the "Metro" platform so far seemingly have caused more negative user-feedback than positive-feedback, I'm not sure this counts as Microsoft "being able to do something about it". I was curious about this as well. It looks like a XML document with some standard XSLT presented in a browser and "printed" to PDF. Which to me sounds way too technical for any lawmaker to be doing. Anyone got any insight into this? > I find it odd that there are so many desktop-ish things based on Android instead of U﻿buntu. That may be a reasonable thing to ponder until you try to run Ubuntu on a device which formerly ran Android. I thought the same as you and installed Ubuntu on my Asus Transformer TF101. While the original Transformer sports reasonably dated specifications, it's provides a very neat, fast and responsive Android-experience. I expected Ubuntu to offer the same, but with a wider-selection of (non touch-optimized) software. I was thoroughly disappointed. Just opening the Terminal Emulator took 5-10 seconds. Trying to open Firefox or any web-browser was a joke. What most people fails to realize (I guess because Android has adopted the Java-is-slow-meme, either it wants to or not) is that Android is heavily optimized because it has to be responsive on ultra-light hardware. Given its feature-set, it's a very fast OS compared to most other out there. Ubuntu on the other hand, is heavy enough to sometimes make my Core i7 wish it had more CPU-cycles. Putting Ubuntu on underpowered machines is something I wouldn't recommend to anyone. Most Android builds comes touch-optimized and configured out of the box to cater to touch-users. It might be a build which has more defaults tuned towards non-touch input like keyboard and mice. I know if you tried to run Android on Netbooks using the 2.x codebase (which was possible) you'd have a horrible user-experience due to the platform's limited support for non-touch input-devices. With Android 4.x the support for these has been improved to the point where you can call the thing a "PC" and almost use it as such. They may just be referring to this. I don't know. Why is Bada (developed in-house, costing Samsung money) cheaper to deploy than Android (developed by others, free to use)? Why would a Bada phone be cheaper? Not just theory. You can have x86 builds if you like. I know, because I ran it on my Netbook. In Scandinavia (and other places with strongly Germanic-based languages) "Eeeh Oh Ess" is probably just as common. Haven't seemed to hurt Apple at all. Android is Android everywhere though. While cool, the cynic in me says this is driven by nothing but desperation. A raspberry pi is by many considering a minimum viable computer of sorts, and the bottom of what one would consider acceptable performance. Therefore seeing how Amazon compares to that is an interesting exercise. I was personally floored by how poor performance some EC2 instances has for some types of tasks (java/clojure related things among them). I quickly decided Amazon was not able to serve my needs within the price-range I was willing to pay. Shameless plug: Just because I wanted to learn how to create Leiningen plugins, I wrote a plugin to download and bootstrap drip and install it as the default Leiningen JVM. Might want to give that a try too: https://github.com/josteink/lein-drip As someone who has opkg on his router and NAS... This looks very tempting. Especially on the Android tablet. Edit: Android says source for this is available on demand. I've asked him to post it on github :) > The point is that you in theory (!!!) get media this way that do not depend on advertisement and are thus more independent from industry influence. Instead you get a media-station which is entirely dependent on continued blessing from the government. So much better. That severely limits how impartial it gets to be, and the similar system we have in Norway has consistently proven to provide media-coverage leaning further to the left than the general population does. It's not a disaster by any means, but I wouldn't argue it's "impartial" either. And I can definitely see why some people would chose not to fund it if given the option. > Chart me a path from the privacy settings dialog in the header to changing the visibility of individual "likes", And if he manages to do that, ask him to chart one which will be valid 2 months from now. They keep changing that shit. Keeping up to speed is just a completely overwhelming sort of task which even most people who care about privacy wont have the stamina to do. > developers are now allowed to merge code that breaks the build on non-Apple platforms So we can picture OpenWebkit available on github in a week or so then? Seriously: Apple cannot honestly believe this move is going to benefit anyone, can they? Yeah. It's interesting to see people who embrace WebKit-only code right now openly criticize MSIE for the damage it did to the web 10 years ago. WebKit is the new MSIE. And WebKit-only code needs to be shunned the same way we (eventually) shunned MSIE-only code. The fact that Google has been pushing Chrome only features onto the open web for a long time now, coupled with everyone not running Chrome currently getting ads for it pushed into their face all the time, on all Google-owned services, tells me all I need to know about Google's real stance on web-standards. I think Chrome (in what it has allowed Google to do) has been bad for the web. > I think the only other UI that has that effect is Calibre's. This made me curious. Care to elaborate? If what this review says[1] is true though, why would you suffer through all this madness for what is essentially an upgrade without anything worthwhile offered? [1] http://www.dedoimedo.com/computers/fedora-18-kde.html Not available in most countries in the world, perhaps? Hopefully after they've fixed the woeful performance which is plaguing it. LibreOffice: Going to be very a very good desktop office-suite real soon now , just need to sort out these technical issues. Call back in a year, will you? Ofcourse, in a year, you'll all be using web-based office suites anyway. Good for you. I see more people moving from on-premise Office solutions to the cloud than the other way around though. If you are doing any sort of collaboration across offices, Google docs documents just seems to spring up by themselves, because nobody is able to manage an email-stream of documents in various states of updates. Personally I've moved most (not all) my stuff to Google docs, and apart from Excel, which still rules the spreadsheets, I find it making me much more productive. I can access and update my documents on all my computers and on all my mobile devices on the go. No desktop office + dropbox solution makes that painless enough to be viable. What's (still) a little mindbending to me about all this, is that you look at that code, code for making native apps for a phone, and it's all just HTML. It's not for a mock-up or anything. That's what you'd use in a real app. That's lovely. I tried using Sublime text and it's a great editor, extensible and moldable, but I just keep coming back to emacs since that is always available wherever I am, logged in via ssh. A ssh/text-only version of sublime text would be interesting ;) Seems we killed the site. And it doesn't seem like very cacheable content either. The biggest problem with UEFI was that someone decided to mess it up and complicate it by adding DRM and signing-requirements. It's the result of computing following designs mandated by the MPAA/RIAA. Who on earth thought that could turn out OK? That's to be expected. They have no jurisdiction there. Edit: There's been numerous news reports all over the world about FBI/CIA agents doing police-work without reporting to local authorities in countries which are not the US, where they have no rights and no jurisdiction, as if it was their own turf. CIA operatives have been charged in numerous European countries for kidnapping and abducting people not guilty on anything by local laws. Because the US wanted them silenced, because of "terror" or whatever. I'm going to pressume this is what happened here as well. I can assure you that if anyone had done the same in the US, they wouldn't merely be kicked out, they would be jailed for being in violation of the law. Newsworthy news? > Norway could pull it off. Until the oil runs out. Our economy is so definitely not self-sustainable as things are now if you take away the oil, and we have a government-sector which (depending on who you ask) is around 10x bigger than it needs to be. I'm a Norwegian, I'm having a good life now , but looking at how utterly mismanaged and inefficient everything governmental is in this country, I'm seriously wondering how this will end up by the time I get old. Also, do not send file:/// to anyone using iMessage on their computer. I think the problem described in this post is easily explained by information given at the very beginning: His developer friends posting things on twitter from Apple-made devices. His developer friends is still living in the bubble that Apple is cool, Apple is leading the pack, Apple is the future. They get offended when someone hints the world is not so. All the stats, you know cold facts, speak the other way though: Apple, or at least iOS, has seriously peaked and the only way is down now. Soon into sub-10% marketshare. And with such a dismall marketshare, will it be able to hold on to developers? As we've seen with BlackBerry and Windows Phone... What good does the hardware and OS do without a good ecosystem? Apple's ecosystem is at a risk of starting to fall apart. And if that happens, iOS and related devices, now accounting for more than 50% of Apple's income, risks collapsing too. Shareholders see this major risk. And they weight this risk against potential for new, revolutionary products in the future. This value proposition is not good. Amazon on the other hand. Amazon is killing it. In every single field they enter. Nobody can compete with them in any field they decide to enter. And they just seem to find new fields to enter all the time, and they leverage everything they do as a service they can sell to others who want to achieve the same. For future value, there's no doubt Amazon is the good bet. > @josteink you have any stats that back up your assertion that iOS is headed "soon into sub 10% marketshare"? Basic extrapolation. You can take the platforms' relative market-share and see if you spot the trend. Apple's worldwide market-share has plunged from 50% to 14% in just a couple of years [1]. Android's intake on the market has been so aggressive even Apple is having a hard time keeping up. Now, to be fair, these numbers are for smart-phones only and not for tablets, so the numbers dont represent the full truth. Right now Apple is definitely leading in tablet-space. But that was also the story for iPhone vs Android-phones a few years back. Android-phones were considered sub-par and iPhones the best of breed. Where are we now though? Apple is considered the laggard and have to keep up with the constant stream of new and better equipped Android phones. I suspect we we will see the same in tablet-space: After Apple has had the lead for a few years, it will see it's market getting eaten by Android and Apple will have to start playing the game of catch-up once again. Like they've already done with the iPad Mini. It looks like history is repeating itself. And from these trends, estimating a future sub-10% market-share doesn't seem all that crazy. [1] http://techcrunch.com/2012/11/02/idc-android-market-share-re... If this is their backup plan to sell units when Windows 8 laptops sells dismally, I think they'll end up disappointed. This is pretty horrible all over. And that resolution is a spit in the face. They say Javascript is good because it's self-contained with no core library, which is fair enough. I'm curious what engine they've decided on using though. As far as I can see, that has not been mentioned. Anyone got any intel? That's a workaround, and a US-only one so, for those who are very, very eager to run Office. It's not a natural first option for writing documents if you're on a device which already has Google Docs, Polaris Office, Kingsoft Office or anything like that. In fact, most people will probably never even consider it an option. At least not until Microsoft provides a native version of Office for their preferred procrastination platform. And kids growing up these days spend more (most?) of their time on mobile devices, running iOS or Android, or when on a laptop, 99% of the time in a browser. The time when people grew up and learnt Microsoft by default is definitely over. These days you can actually grow up, learn computers and internet without ever once using Microsoft software. It's not that far fetched. This is Microsoft's problem. They can no longer claim to be the one default everyone knows, uses and are familiar with (and hence prefer). This gets especially bad on mobile. I can sit on a mobile connection under bad conditions, barely capable of pushing 10kb/s. But you know what? The raw article text isn't going to be more than those 10kb. Anything exceeding that is fluff, and when you need to DL 5MB/s of webfonts and god knows what to read those 10kbs, something is horribly wrong. Good presentation is good, I don't disagree with that, but when you go down that route, make sure that the actual content gets the priority in loading and rendering, and not fluff. > Webkit based browsers like Chrome don't show any text until the font is loaded. Imagine how fun that is while loading pages on a flaky cellphone connection. Especially when you know what's going on, it really makes you hate a website in ways I'm sure they wont be able to imagine. camelCase vs PascalCasing is used to signal and separate public from private in C#, so that you always know what kind of data or function you are working with. It's useful. In a period when people are complaining about IPv4 address-shortage, this seems a tad excessive. Why was this flagged? > "SUM(A3:K754)" is not very meaningful. If only named ranges were more discoverable and useable, we might end up with more examples like "SUM(ProductSales2012)". Convert your unstructured cells into an excel table, and besides all the eye-candy, ability to filter and sort your data, you already have that. I've seen Chrome claim up to 512MB ram per tab on several occasions when you keep it running for a while. Chrome could be enough to use my (old) system's 8GB of RAM. Now I have a 32GB system so it's less of an issue, but Chrome is still seriously a memory hog. 2. Someone will make a lot of money by hosting open-source web applications. github? Wordpress. > A Dell can't run OSX. If I wanted to run Lawsuit OS, I would be funneling my money towards a Cupertino based patent-troll. As I'm not really interested in funding such ventures, I'm happy other vendors which has served me excellently in the past are giving me interesting options for the future. Besides, it's not a normal Dell. It's Dell XPS. That's the premium line of products. Looking at this (which looks very nice and impressive), the one thing which strikes me is how all the actors in this market seems to want/need a their-platform-only deployment to truly work. Ubuntu on the phone, tablet, PC and TV looks nice. I'd love to try it. But for me to be able to do so, the devices I buy needs to be open enough for me to be able to install that . If all I buy is locked down devices, you can be sure I'll never have a home where every device was bought when the next big thing(tm) was released. I'll need a way to bring the platform of my choice to all my devices. Like PCs had and allowed before Apple went ahead and ruined it all. Either that or better open protocols and specifications created, implemented and deployed across the line, but we can see how well that is going these days. But as a techie I know that's not really needed. It feels entirely pointless (and environmentally irresponsible) to buy new hardware just to get new software. It's all software these days so are we not embracing that yet? Ok. So 100% voice-based. That makes sense. That's great. Except if you don't speak English as your primary language. I've tried Google's voice-recognition on my native language and the results have been closer to sad than lulz-worthy. Yes, I know English. Yes, I can both write and speak it fairly well. That's not the point: You won't believe how awkward a context-switch from "I'm talking to people" to "I'm talking to this machine, but I need to do so in English" actually feels. It's just feels so fundamentally wrong, that despite how it might save you time and effort you always go for the option where voice-recognition is not involved. Unless Google improves their voice-recognition for everything not US English, I predict this product failing horribly in most markets, even with everything else 100% perfect and flawlessly executed. The voice recognition has been in android for 4 major versions now. It no longer hold the beta-badge protection and needs to start showing some real world results to be taken seriously. While I agree with your comment in general, did you really need to make the launch of the iPad an event of religious proportions, as in "the genesis of the iPad"? Sorry about the nitpick, but stuff like this gets on my nerve. As far as I can tell, the "Ubuntu Touch" bit is just a generic set of ARM-binaries running on top of a standard Android Linux-kernel without the traditional Android GUI, user-land and bits which the user normally interacts with. HAL, drivers and all that which interacts with the actual hardware still comes from the Android-base. This means that most devices which already has a open-source Android-implementation (like AOSP or Cyanogenmod) can easily have the Android user-land ripped out and Ubuntu thrown in on top instead. Right now that is a shitload of devices. As far as that makes Ubuntu its "own" OS or not might be a interesting discussion (1), but it's definitely a pragmatic solution and has clearly paid off with regard to getting a product to market. (1) The same discussion can clearly be had for Android vs Linux. (2) (2) Which in retrospect gives us the interesting case of a standard Linux (Ubuntu touch) built on top of a non-standard Linux (Android) to emulate a standard Linux (Ubuntu) in the first place. Turtles all the way down :) > How is Android kernel not a standard Linux ? Historically it wasn't, but checking around it seems like the kernel sources for Android has been unified and merged with the standard Linux-kernel so now they are indeed the same thing. My bad. Free for a year. If you register it from an iDevice or some hardware bought from Apple. And then next year to keep iCloud "free", you need to buy more overpriced goods from Apple. Well. What do you know? Maybe they've actually, for once in their lives, created a product not exclusively designed to suck money out of your wallet. (1) Must have been a pretty recent change though. (1) http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4874 That says more about you than anything else though. That said, the I agree that TC is terrible. I wonder if the Zero-MQ guys knows that the letter Ø is almost identical to the symbol Ø and that it is pronounced "uh". To people not using these letters on a daily basis, I'm sure it looks cool, in a bork swedish chef way, but it probably doesn't internationalize very well. What's up with the name? Uber? Is it supposed to be Über? And if so, how does that even make sense? What do they even do ? I had to go to their normal homepage to get a vague idea. They have a brand saying pretty much nothing. This seems like a company prime for a future identity-crisis. Intel: Be afraid, be very afraid. Soooo... Apple hardware being rushed and having quality issues. What else is new exactly? This is probably what happens when you spend more money on lawsuits than research. Invent your own technology and then license the patents for it from someone else. Hmmm... Why doesn't that seem right? It means that hosting your code suddenly goes from a simple equation about what hardware will cost you, in terms of actual servers, virtual servers or other solutions to a matter of involving licensing software just to have your code run. It means that if you ever need to scale up, you'll have to buy more licenses. It prohibits unlimited, automatic scaling. It's also the once a month embarassing ordeal with sites being down due to server reboots after another round of Windows Update. I deploy lots of stuff to Windows-servers, but I can see why some people would avoid it if they can. > Everytime I see someone talking about "unlimited" something my spider sense ticks off. Sure. For some values of unlimited it's purely an academic question. But if you can scale automatically to handle double load (which is a more real concern) chances are you can scale further without any other changes. And yes, AWS, Azure and AppHarbour all have some of the licensing issues handled for you, but that can also be clearly seen when faced with the costs. Again, I' not saying that nobody should ever use a Windows server for anything. I use it myself. I just say that I can see several reasons why people would chose to avoid it. I dislike and refuse to support any Apple product because they want to take away my option to choose what I want in a free market. Their frivolous, anticompetitive and innovation-stiffling lawsuits have cost them all credibility as a real tech company. They are now no better than a patent troll. They have absolutely zero cool. That and I don't appreciate locked in ecosystems. Plus iOS has been a daft, stale platform for the last 3 years or more. However, I would like to say that the frivolous lawsuits are literally ALL OVER THE INDUSTRY. That was hardly true until Apple started requesting product-bans world wide. They broke the truce. They started the avalaunch. They get the bad karma. That's how it works. They're not running a charity. And so? That still doesn't prevent you from making extremely bad judgement calls. Now I agree that being too aggressive without innovating or using such patents is what defines a patent troll Trying to hijack the entire future of mobile computing by exploiting bad laws and preventing everyone else from entering market still makes you an asshole, a wanne-be monopolist and generally shows off your true identity. You want everyone locked in to your solutions with no way out. In fact you dont want there to be any other ways at all. Which by no means is illegal. It just means that you are showing off values which are completely orthogonal to everything I believe in: freedom. You believe in zero freedom. You want to take mine away. I am free to hate you for that. Deal. but Apple consistently innovates AND uses its own patents Yes. They are using their rounded corners and want everyone else in the mobile industry to create devices made out of spikes. Cry me a river. Design and trivial UI implementation details should not be patentable. Apple has bad karma for exploiting these laws. The issue remains to be solved by REGULATION by the government. Agreed. It's not Apple's fault for taking advantage of a clearly broken system Not agreed. I can hate both the player and the game. Gues what? I do. In Apple's case they have shown that they are willing to take the game anywhere their products are facing competition. There is nothing misguided or wrong about my point of view. Stop being appologetic for the actions of a mega-corp.