disclaimer: I evaluated most of these tools and wrote a blog post here. https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/04/18/monitoring-in-the... It's a bit old and i'll update it later, but here is the short resume with all the latest tool: ### Free (as in open-source) shitty options: icinga, nagios, riemann They suck so much they're not even worthy of having their names written. ### The other open-source option is prometheus. I didn't try it personally but I've have candidates interviewing at my company who talked at length about their experience on it and they were satisfied. I red the whole documentation and it's better than the old shitty tools but it's still not great. Be aware that it has many limitations by design, they skipped all the hard stuff (single node only, no HA, pull-mode only for metrics). ---- The new SaaS tools (ordered by maturity), all 10-20$ per host, they're mostly copy-cat: Datadog, BMC truesigh pulse (Boundary), signalfx, wavefront, server density. Datadog is the best option. It's older (about 5 years) and more mature. It has the most features and integrations. It's really the next generation of monitoring. BMC truesight pulse is the historic competitor. It was a startup called "Boundary" that was bought by BMC, and BMC rebranded the product. That's about the same thing. Not sure what the acquisition may or may not have changed. SignalFX is a direct copy-cat of datadog (and BMC). But it came later so it's lacking in features and integrations. Wavefront is an even later copy-cat of datadog and signalfx. Except it has no public price nor public trial. You have to contact them and go through sales for anything. (Honestly: just ignore wavefront. There are 3 directs competitors who are better and more accessible). ServerDensity: Don't bother trying. The website is buggy, it fails to load pages very often. The product is not even finished and lack 80% of the competitor features. The company will probably die soon. (sorry for their employees who are commenting here and reading that :\ ) [Google] StackDriver: It was another company that was acquired by Google 2 years ago. Currently, it's dead and it's being integrated to Google offerings. That might be great when it comes back (probably this year, there seem to be some closed beta given by Google at the moment). ### Current status-quo: Datadog beats everything by a long margin. More mature, more features, more integrations. It's has the advantage and it's evolving faster. That's the horse you have to put your money on (I did). You can try the competitors (either BMC or signalfx) if you wanna play around or just tickle datadog sales team to get a better price (I did) :D ### Far future: There might be a market rupture within 1-2 years when google finally release StackDriver. It had some quite advanced stuff and great review when it was acquired. It's the only one that might be able to catch up with datadog and provide the very advanced stuff that doesn't currently exist (e.g. outlier detection done right). If and When Google finally offers GCE (cheaper & faster than AWS) + kubernetes (docker and infrastructure on steroid) + StackDriver (complete monitoring AND logging solutions), they will be the best IaaS provider on the planet by a wide margin. The evolutions brought by these tools will allow me to do the work of 3 infra/sre guy all by myself. No offense there but it's very clear that the pricing is per host per month and it's a common practice in the industry. Thinking you could get away with your current setup for $15 is very naive of you. It looks like you red it well but your refused to acknowledge it? FYI prices for some popular services: - BMC (direct competitor to datadog) is $12 per host per month - SignalFx (other competitor) is using a $ price per metric stream per month (this one is tricky but they suggest to plan for $12 per host per month) - NewRelic is $75 per host per month - Dynatrace/Appdynamics are about $1000 per host per month - AWS/GCE have pricing per hour (which is annoying to convert per month) I agree on one thing though (and I did tell that to datadog guys directly). The price displayed in big should be $18 per month per host and not $15. The cheaper one if for an annual subscription which is not the most common case. Use ansible. It's like shell scripts on steroid. Basically, imagine a list of simple tasks, executing one by one in order. Instead of having bash commands which have crazy long arguments list and screw the whole script on failure, you get to use ansible commands (aka. modules) which are a lot easier to use and handle failures nicely (by stopping the run). And you'll never have to worry again about what happens when a command is ran twice. It simply doesn't do anything if there is nothing to change. Is that even a valid syntax for a URL? Probably not. Should have thought about compatibility before making up a naming scheme. Actually, to have worked with KiCad (a CAD design tool for integrated circuits). The only thing that make it worthwhile is that it is free (as in $0) whereas the industry standard (Eagle) is worth a TRUCKLOAD of money (many grands per seat). That hardly gives any choice to all students, most little companies and most professionals (especially outside their work computers at big companies). People have no choice. I'd hardly call that excitement when the competitor is unaffordable to 99% of the audience. It simply cannot die because of it's monopoly (of being the cheap option). Simply not true when the design is not trivial. I'm giving interviews with system design, I'd say that the majority of programmers who are decent cannot actually architecture anything well enough. And it doesn't matter if they're given more time, they don't have the training/experience for it. (They'll only learn the impact of their decisions later, eventually painfully). On the other hand, they may be able to develop it if handed and led through a proper architecture. I'd love to see an estimation of NetFlix for running the same infrastructure on GCE. All the instances are cheaper and faster. The networking is substantially faster, especially on smaller instances (I can imagine they have a lot of network IO given their business). No more reserved instances to manage. The discount is automatic on GCE when instances ran 24/24 for the month. (Reserved instances are a management nightmare when you have many servers, you can actually loose money). Replace all spot instances with the equivalent on GCE, which has fix pricing (about 70% discount) and is more dependable. (I imagine the core video business is extremely spot friendly). "GCs are complex and require lots of end-user tuning -- just look at the performance articles on Java." These articles are bullshit. Most settings are either obsolete or forcing the default. The rest is just useless. I spent months doing performance tuning of applications stacks which were using Java (for app, database or both). Most of the settings are useless and barely change +-1% in performance. The JVM has had good defaults for a while. The only thing one MUST configure is the -Xmn and -Xmx options to set the maximum amount of memory allocated to the java process (both settings to the same value). Same thing here from the seller side. Got a friend running some Bed and Breakfast hosting in the French countryside. The typical 50 year old that I'd hardly imagine selling on AirBnB (can he even use a computer ?). It turns out that he puts his listing on AirBnb and it's actually bringing in customers. You'll note that AWS Nat gateway are only available since less than 6 months. Any company who started before had to implement their own NAT gateway (we did). And with the shitty networking (150 Mbps top on large instances), that was the bottleneck for the whole subnet/VPC. GCE has a lot better networking and 1Gbps on their instances which may them way less sucky than AWS for anything routing related. Anyway. I migrated part of our cloud infra (one hundred instances, few subnets) to the new NAT gateway recently. It's working well so far but a few notes come to mind. You gotta use the latest terraform (or cloudformation, tip: TERRAFORM IS BETTER). Eventually, play with the Release Candidates if you started early. Ansible doesn't support NAT Gateway at all. (And probably that puppet/chef/salt do not either.) I doubt they will before next year. Just my 2 cents about NAT Gateway. Let's not be too quick to judge google when AWS just released the feature a few months ago and it's only being available in tools about now. Good. We're finally seeing people migrating to the better platform =) This article is addressing that most of the GCE services are simpler and a lot easier to use and manage than the AWS counterpartS. (That final S being important, having many small and unpolished pieces just contribute to the complexity.) It goes hand in hand with what I had already written about the platform. Expect GCE to be 20-50% cheaper and 1-3x faster: https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/06/15/gce-vs-aws-in-201... https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/06/22/a-simple-cost-com... When you see that GCE has less market revenues, you should keep in mind that GCE could be half the price of AWS in average (yep, no kidding). That means the actual gap in customers is way smaller than it appears at first sight ;) With that being said. Both platforms are relatively new and spinning services like mad, they both have important features missing (albeit not the same ones.) If you look at the internet users per country: http://www.internetlivestats.com/internet-users-by-country/ India has 462M people who can access internet at home, among 1326M inhabitants. That is a less lot than what one would think at first. Given that most companies reading HN are americans and some europeans. That brings the question of should we bother for the Indian market (early or at all)? Cultural barriers + Language issues and translations + TimeZone + A market which may not be that big and be fragmented or inaccessible That's exactly the reason I only source Thinkpads. The naming convention has been entirely static since the past 6 years. T410, T420, T430... for the 14" laptop. (Change the 14 to 15 for the bigger size.) The only madness they ever did was naming X210 (and subsequent numbers) for the 12 inch series. It's not just yet another listing. Nor it is about quasi-legal rental. For the user, it allows to find room by location, enter in contact, book and prepay in a convenient way that is unprecedented. For the hosting, it allows to easily rent, accept the money and reply to people. There were simply no service that allowed to neither buy nor sell that easily before. It had the side effect of attracting a lot of "black market" operations onto it but that doesn't make it about black market (even though it did play a role in the growth). AirBnB is about providing a great service to both buyer and seller. (Anyway, there's always been a HUGE black market for property rental. The incentive to declare are not worth it. AirBnB barely make the issue more visible.) The page I gave is for July 2016. It states that a "user" is someone who have access internet at home, at anytime of the day. No matter what device is used. Your page is old and complaining that the number of 485M given in 2012-2013 was overinflated. That seems about right given that the last numbers are still a bit under that by now. On a different topic. Ut looks like only 10-20% of connections are wired (e.g. broadband). The rest is wireless (probably mobile data) That seems important to know if going for that market. (red: target phone, bad bandwidth, bad latency.) I love doing that =D A while ago (when I was in aerospace) there was one senior people who gave us the price of insurance per head. Given that we're talking about 1M€ per head and that a plane can easily have 200 people. I have a hard time finding a situation where I can expect a Return On Investment by doing things poorly and cheaply. We're talking many millions of payout. (And yet, I'd love to have such a situation, it's always good to attract the attention of attendees at conference or student classrooms). Then later I realized that I've made a mistake in my calculation... I'm only accounting for A SINGLE plane failing and killing everyone. In the real world, a bad component would be shipped to a whole batch of planes and they'd fall randomly like flies. That batch-effect drastically increases the cost of failure. So... I really don't see ANY place where there is a ROI on people dying. BAZINGA!!! I'm from Europe and people are expensive there. The trick is to manufacture things for the 3rd world market where people get peanuts when they die (sometimes even nothing) :D But then again... we're back to square one, how could I build parts AND guarantee that they're only shipped to planes in low-cost locations? At that point, it's probably closer to a plane-by-plane targeted sabotage rather than a scheme of doing minimum-shit-to-close-sales. And when doing plane-by-plane there is no economy of scale :( ... Anyway! Just wanted to say that any analysis would clearly reveal that THE PLANE IS CHEAPER WHEN IT FLIES!!! (and your life is truly expensive) so you're fine. You can keep on using airplanes ;) Also, people at work do have a conscience. Once in a while they may forget about the importance of what they do, luckily there is a plane crash happening every few months to remind them that there are lifes at stake, for real (in case it was ever forgotten). It's the default search path for libraries which is well documented. (On the top of my head the function is LoadLibrary() on windows, see MSDN.) The thing is, there was a random guy who considered that a security issue and he started posting vulnerability reports and asking for bounties on quite literally EVERY software existing on the planet. e.g. firefox, chrome, internet explorer, nsis, inno setup, and many popular open-source applications (because of course, EVERY software is affected since the 30 years windows and all other OS doing the exact same thing have existed). It was a sort of epic scale hoax. (even though it's factually true that DLL are loaded from the current directory). That will lead to a whole generation of people who will read the reports and be mislead into thinking that this was a major security failure discovery. There is a very simple way to have French be more productive per hours. Let's compare a French and an American... - The French guy works 9 to 6. It's accounted as 35 hours and he gets paid for 35 hours. - The American guy works 9 to 6. It's accounted as 40 hours and he gets paid for 40 hours. They both do and produce the same thing. The statistics say that the French is more productive per hour ;) Been doing scrum forever. Even before it existed. And yet I never had to use points, ever. Scrum Meeting: - Follow the list of topics for today ... (may include) ... Show progress and new features ... Get feedback ... Discuss blocking points and resources needs ... Get update on supplier status (if buying/selling anything to 3rd parties) - Decide what are the priorities for this week - Schedule the meeting for the next week (send the list of topics you'll talk about) That's overly trivial. It mostly comes down to schedule a meeting every 1-2 week, show/say current status, repeat... No need to call that scrum and put fancy names on it. That seems utterly wrong to me. I'd expect any manager worth is salt to put that at a 10% or 20% (basically anywhere NOT 0) and uses that number as a reminder to devs that part of the job description includes MAINTAINING the system in proper condition, not just piling up new stuff on top of the existing random stuff. Same as a car needs regular maintenance, a dev project needs regular maintenance. I do believe that this N+1 - N captures the idea well. One issue though: If the requirements have changed, that is not a good metrics. i.e. We did that theme blue for Iphone, now people wants it to be green AND on windows. It's not necessarily technical debt, it's cancelling everything we've done to make something else entirely (even though it may seem superficially similar). If the requirements and/or features for N+1 ignore or counter the requirements/features from N, it's not necessary technical debt, it might be you've just got no idea what you're coding and you're running in circle. Does the American works 9 to 9? Anyway, I'd love to see a study that compare countries: - What time people say they do? - What time people actually do? - What time get accounted and paid for? That would be very interesting. I couldn't agree more. The words "career" and "open-source" should not go together. Unless by career, one means working for free, on unpaid projects, without [local] peers. There are few companies (Google, Facebook, IBM, RedHat, ...) that do open-source and a career there would be fine. But that's probably not what people think when they're talking about working for open source. As already said, you should use terraform which has its own DSL (called HCL). Inspired by JSON but way simpler and more appropriate for this specific task. Important tip: If you use one of jetbrains IDE (IntelliJ/PyCharm/...) there is a free plugin to handle terraform files. It gives the usual syntax highlighting + auto completion of variables and devices + detection of errors. It's very very nice! 4. In terms of VPC and networking. I am definitely not satisfied with AWS. - On GCE the security groups are created automatically and managed by the "role" of instances. On AWS there is no link between instances and security groups. I currently have to emulate the working of GCE over AWS with extremely complex ansible scripts just so that an instance called "repository" can actually be assigned to a group called "repository". - ELB (load balancer on AWS) cannot have a fixed IP (we've been waiting for that for YEARS). An ELB can only be accessed over a DNS name, and the underlying IP can change every 60 second. (Have fun with applications which are caching DNS). By comparison, GCE has had load balancers with fixed IPs forever. - AWS is a region nightmare. Many resources only exist in one region and cannot be accessed or even acknowledged to exist from another region. e.g. an AMI only exists in a single region. It's not possible to create a host with it in another region. It's not even possible to take that existing AMI and push it to another region. (As far as a region is concerned, other regions don't exist). All services on AWS are acutely region centric. I am currently expanding my infra to multiple regions and there are many obstacles to overcome. The networking and interconnections is definitely one of them. By comparison Google is not region centric like that. It's a lot easier to manage at planet scale. --- Just three major pain points on the top of my head. VIP: Very Important Tip +++ Use jetbrains free IDE (IntelliJ, PyCharm...) and install the plugins for HCL support. You'll get syntax highlighting + auto completion for variable and infrastructure names + visual report on lines with errors and quickfixes. Now HCL just because the easiest language in the world. (Seriously, it's not even a language, it takes 1 hour to master the syntax, top.) +++ Use terraform to create all the infrastructure backbone. (VPC, subnets, routing tables, DHCP options, etc... ) Terraform is the single best tool in the world to do that. It's also the only one currently in existence that is actually able to do that. (ansible and the likes are missing critical modules). +++ Do NOT use terraform to manage instances nor security groups. These things change wayyy too often and you'll struggle with states. Use one of the ansible/salt to create and manage them. They refresh their inventory to keep with external changes (at least ansible does) and they allow to run scripts on the resources. (e.g. tag all the EBS volumes of the instance, after the instance is up). Bonus: For every instance "name" you create, create and put it in a security group with the same "name". Then you can manage security groups by name ;) +++ Terraform can import existing infrastructure since v0.7 (this release :D) Just sayin'. +++ The state files is annoying to share and keep updated It used to be put in git. (it's still possible). It can be put in S3 (or similar options). The sharing is faster and it makes less state issues. +++ Because of the state files, terraform is good for "static things" and terrible for "fast moving things". That makes terraform appropriate for the VPC/subnet/... provisioning (the first point in this list ) But it's terrible for instances and security groups (another point in the list ) Known your strengths and weaknesses, choose the right tool for the job ;) AWS ELB limitations: No static IP. Only accessible through a domain name like "elb-role-12345.eu-west.aws.amazon.com" and the underlying IPs can change every 60 seconds. The feature has been missing for years, it doesn't have any workaround, it's not being worked on anytime soon. AWS vs GCE: Pick your limitations ;) >> What are some strategies to deal with this beyond picking a hyper specialization? Well, stop thinking about it. Not only it is depressing but it is also seriously wrong. I've been hearing that since before I started. Not only did it never happen, but it's getting more unlikely to happen every day. It's not possible to commoditize something that 99.xxx% of people are unwilling and/or unable to do. Yes, most people simply don't want to sit at a computer all day and/or don't have what it takes to be a decent programmer. And everyday the barrier to entry is getting a bit harder with more tools and more technologies and more abstractions appearing, each adding a bit more complexity over the precedent. If anything, look around you and watch the race to the top for the few who can follow. There are entire companies in our industry which exist to attract and bread the best and the brightest. --- Now, I can understand why some people would be afraid of a commodity market. Somewhere in the world, there will ALWAYS be a guy who only has $10 to pay for whatever thing he wants done AND there will ALWAYS be a guy that will offer to do the job for that price. That first guy will always accept the offer because he has no seemingly better alternative and he'll just burn the money hoping to get something in return. (note: ain't gonna happen. You just don't get anything real for $10). The point being: Just because there are some guys with no money and some guys who are screwing them. That doesn't mean that it's a "commodity market", let's just call that a "scam market". Anyone serious who wants to get the job done or anyone who can get the job done will simply NOT participate in this scam market. When we're talking real work, there is simply no commodity market whatsoever (in our field). A Google site criticizing Amazon... Am I the only one seeing the irony? Please don't say "huge" when talking about your traffic. That is misleading. The appropriate word to describe 8 requests/s is "nothing". Health checks and monitoring could do that much by themselves when there are no users. 200 requests/s is a very small site. To give you some point of comparison: 200 HTTP requests/s could be processed by a software load balancer (usual pick: HAProxy) on a t2.nano and it wouldn't break a sweat, ever. It might need a micro if it's HTTPS :D (that's likely to be generous). To be fair, I hardly expect any performance issues from the load balancer before 1000 requests/s. The load is too negligible (unless everyone is streaming HD videos). All the answers about scaling "ELB" are nonsense. There is no scale in this specific case. The "huge" peak being referred to would hardly consume 5% of a single core to be balanced. I used to criticize ELB a lot and avoid them at all cost. So do many other people on the internet. But at your scale, all our hatred is irrelevant, you should be way too small to encounter any issues. N.B. Maybe I'm wrong and ELB have gotten so buggy and terrible that they are now unable to process even little traffic without issues... but I don't think that's the case. In the city center the bus is useless because it's stuck in traffic jam. Any other option is better: bike/tube/overground/underground. Outside the city center. There are only a very few bus lines, infrequent and not covering much area. I suppose it's the same in most of the European countries: 10% of people have good nearby transportation. 50% of people live in the country side, with little to no transportation in sight. Car is highly recommended (usually considered mandatory). What usage could possibly need 5M log/s on a single system? Are you trying to log every TCP and UDP packet? To give a rough point of comparison, CloudFlare is taking 4M page views per second and that's 5% of the global internet traffic. I am working in an industry that is usually considered more shady than most of the examples given and it's nowhere to be found in that banlist. That's sweat! Where do I sign up? :D be right back Sure I've had my share of heisenbug. Still remember one not long ago where the dev enabled debug logs in all our applications at once over the week end. It turns out that a week end of log is 1 TB :D Back to the topic. I suppose that saying "5M/s" to refer to 5000/ms during a single millisecond is misleading. There are many implicit "buffers" (raw CPU power, intermediate hard drives, TCP queues, syslog/fluentd processing) that may smooth that kind of peak very aggressively long before it reaches graylog. Interesting talk by the way. I'm doing similar things, at a smaller scale though. Are you asking for our current payment provider? (Adyen) or are you asking for our website? That I'd rather not associate to "shady", and sadly we're blocked to operate in the USA [and most countries in the world] so that wouldn't help you anyway. Sorry. Well, the "or" is tricky considering I found the job on "HN: Who is Hiring" :D Let's say we operate an exchange (think: like a financial exchange except it's not). I really don't understand that fight. SAN storage and VmWare (ESXi) have been around forever. VmWare will gladly provision VMs over any SAN storage. Live migration has been available for more than 10 years (that's called VMotion and it requires any of paid edition). Prefer local storage? Put any sort of local storage on the server, VmWare will gladly provision VM on it. What's the most important thing in a storage... THE BACKUP! For backups, there are snapshots capabilities well integrated into VmWare (cold snapshots, live snapshots, incremental snapsnots, whatever you name it). All of this has existed for more than ten years. Standard protocols (iSCSI, FiberChannel, other) + robust enclosures (all vendors have SAN) + battle tested software and drivers (VmWare). A couple servers and some TB of storage is a nothing fancy. The cost of the setup is shared between the servers + the labor + many SAS hard drives + the enclosure (a very little part). It's really hard to take seriously an overly complex setup that is trying to imitate that over cheap untested hardware and software (NFS? seriously?). Not only it is a recipe for disaster in production but there isn't even any cost savings to be done. The cost of complexity and labors will be going wild with all the configuration. The hardware costs won't go down (still need many drives and servers). Good luck debugging that and retrieving data when things will go wrong. Well. I suppose it's fun for home labs and that's about it :D I am curious. If I may ask. Did the company actually decided to keep/lay the employees individually based on your feedback from the interview? Or were the destiny already decided beforehand and the interviews were just some acting? Meanwhile in "HN: Who is Hiring (August 2016)"[1] > Cisco Meraki | San Francisco & London | Full-Time ONSITE > ... I have the feeling that company is sending mixed signals. Well, on the bright side that can explain why they don't reply =) --- [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12222620 What are you talking about? Monitoring? Analytics? Big Data Visualization? Other? What do you want to see? I wouldn't be surprised if driverless cars were way more secure for pedestrians and cyclists. It's really difficult to keep track of pedestrians and cyclists when driving, whereas a driverless car has 360° nightvision. They both perform significantly faster than RDS MySQL. That's probably the lesson here. SQL connection pools are configurable in the application. When you care about performances, you have to do benchmarking to find the optimal number of concurrent threads for the specific load. It's noteworthy to see that google has a consistent total of queries per seconds (the average per thread drops almost linearly when adding threads), whereas RDS Aurora is exhibiting variable throughput and flat areas. Consistency > Raw Performances Don't bother with StackDriver if if gives ANY issues. They've been in a weird state since the acquisition 2 years ago. (But I still hope it will be fixed and become a great service at some point in the future). Use datadog instead. It does all the monitoring things and it works flawlessly. Also, try signalfx for the comparison. It's a good copycat but it lags behind in advanced integrations. Disclaimer: I am NOT affiliated with any of these services. Just a random customer who [tried] to evaluate them all. Looked at the documentation and quickly gave up on kubernetes. It's nice and it solves real problem but the barrier to entry is INSANE. And it's lacking wayyy to much documentation deploy in production on own cluster. It's probably gonna take years to improve. I'm wondering. Did anyone tried the kubernetes on GCE? If Google can handle all the annoying setup and makes a mostly managed service, that would be extremely attractive. Actually, that's probably the only way k8s would be achievable in production, i.e. have someone else do it. Think harder... how to bring self driving cars to the world... Currently, bus/overground/tubes/whatever have only few lines and they can cover a lot of users. Tomorrow, self driving cars could cover only the few main roads of a city. That would be enough to be useful for 80% of people in the city. That ignores the hard 90% roads which are harder to do. We'd still have to walk down the block to reach the uber and that's annoying, but that's a huge progress over the current public transportation systems (whom coverage vary hugely by city and country, to the point there might not be any). > a human would with less information. I'm arguing for the case where the human as NO information. Let's say, there's a bicycle/motorbike somewhat behind your cars. For a human driver, it can be seen in only one of the 3 rear mirrors at any point in time. Unless it's slightly behind-left or behind-right (e.g. to take over) in which case it's in the dead angle and can't be seen at all. By turning his head and using the mirrors, a human cannot see most of the 360° around a car. There are obstructed angles, not to mention that the human can only look toward one direction at once. The self driving cars with 360° vision can see things that a human couldn't. It has a chance to react where the human didn't. It took a while for powershell to be installed on most computers. It's still certainly missing on many computers (i.e. the oldest and most vulnerable). I actually don't know whether it is installed as default in the latest Microsoft OS and patches. That and the very easy way to analyse/reverse engineer scripts don't make a great candidate for malware. Anyway, the windows shell is enough for trivial scripts, and one might as well write software in a real programming language for the rest. I don't see why not. There are other [minor] competitors in the world. Is there any reason to believe that Apple would have follow led the way to mobile/phone/tablet if it were acquired by Microsoft a long time ago? Right. The gem was hidden in the big pile of articles. You're looking for this graph: https://cloudplatform.googleblog.com/2016/08/why-Google-Clou... Wikipedia provides archives of all its content. No need to scrap it when you can readily download a nicely formatted .xml.zip file containing all knowledge written by mankind. There can be legitimate traffic coming from AWS, if not the site itself. It's especially true when the site provides an API and is meant to be integrated by people/companies. In which case, the AWS traffic is likely to include major and/or important and/or paying customers. You really don't want to block that. On the other hand, Tor is likely to be 90% evil. When in doubt, just block it. (That makes me think, I should run some proper stats and maybe publish a blog post about that. ) Let's say that an average video is 500MB nowadays. Be it a show, a short movie, a long HD music video on youtube, or a sport event on the olympics. Let's say that 1000 thousand people are watching the Olympic games. 500 GB * 1000 people = That's 500 GB of traffic. Let's convert GB to Gb (multiply by 8) and we're talking 400 Tb. So.. The title of this article means there are about 1000 people who watched ONLY one event of the olympics and then put off their TV. Well, I thought Olympics were a big worldwide event... I was wrong. --- Alternative: We can take it the other way around and say that there were 1000 sport events during the Olympic, and one guy to watch them all :D Just for Fun: I'd love to see the numbers from Dailymotion.com, see how much the Olympic Games are unpopular in comparison. > I'm only interested in time series databases for use by developers and operations to store and retrieve data that pertains to the health and performance of the services they build and operate. Everything in this blog will judge the entries based on their suitability for that task. That is a very particular problem, in which the data storage is a minimal [yet important] aspect of the full system. You're probably going the wrong route if you're trying to redesign your own and you'll only realize that way too late when you'll have to design your own metrics collection, own graphing, own alerting, own... The standard proven open-source stack: collectd/statd (metrics collection + whipser/graphite (storage) + grafana (cute graphs and dashboards). The latest fad is to replace graphite with prometheus (which is better in some aspects but has it own fault). Both these open source tools will satisfy your purpose. HARDCORE LIMITATIONS: Both these open source tools are entirely single node. There is no form of sharding nor high availability nor horizontal scaling. (Rules of thumb: Should be fine up to 100 hosts and applications. Then get ready to throw big hardware and tune retention aggressively.) --- Some quick maths: 8 bytes per metrics * every 5 second = 967 kB per metrics over the week 967 kB per metric * 100 metrics per host * 100 hosts = ~10 GB per week for high precision Any of the parameter can spiral by tenfold (depending on the setup, retention, hosts, metrics per app...). That means going straight into TB range and scaling issues where one node is simply out of the question. --- It's pretty clear that the open source solutions don't scale and are hard to maintain... so what's next when we outgrow them? Switch to the latest generation of monitoring tools. The two best solutions are datadog and signalfx. They both accept custom metrics from your app. And... oh wait I just noticed that dataloop.io is a new SaaS solution trying to compete with them. Oops :D A full metrics/monitoring/alerting solution and a metrics storage engine are two different purposes. (The first one being solved by the latest SaaS tools, including dataloop.io). I limited the previous message to the monitoring use case because it is already quite long and a topic of it's own but I'd like to address the storage as well. There are many reasons one would need a time series database for an application. In which case he'd need that kind of comparison. --- There are a few things which I'd like to see about storage systems: - What kind of features does it have to compress and/or aggregate data? Does it have any? Some systems can take 4 bytes per int, other can take 50. Some can store diff, some do not... That makes a huge difference. - Can it cluster horizontally? Also, does it scale write horizontally? We can have 50 CPU systems with 10TB of SSD array noawadays, but we probably won't. It's actually rather challenging to scale vertically on AWS/GCE (not so much on softlayer), not to mention the nightmare of having a single point of failure for maintenance and issues. I suppose we get that with the read/write number per 1 node and per 5 nodes systems, which brings me to the next point. - The performance numbers are somewhat misleading IMO. You say yourself that you didn't do benchmarking. You're just taking some random facts you found on the internet and showing that as data. - You should include the versions of the database in the table. Features change over time. - Are you backing and contributing to DalmatinerDB? For some reasons, the link between dataloop and dalmatinerDB wasn't clear to me on the first read. (Not to mention, you're not even advertising your product or your company). - How much of DalmatinerDB magic is based on ZFS? Does it actually need ZFS to run? As far as I remember, ZFS is still a BSD/Solaris citizen only. (And don't tell my that it's coming into the next ubuntu release, it's just an hypothetical future until actually done ;) ) Anyway. It's a welcomed comparison. Good work =) --- > our real competition is open source with 90% of the addressable market using older tools like Nagios etc. An interesting point of view. I personally consider 90% of the nagios market to not-be-a-market at all. It belongs to people who only uses it because it's free (as in no-money) and can be downloaded easily. Free automatically brings the students, the amateurs trying things in their garage/homelab, micro deployment where it's enough, many companies and people who simply don't value their time or the quality of what they deliver, and finally all who have no money whatsoever or can't go through the hassle of the buying-stuff department. To have been coding for 5-15 years when entering college now... you have to think about the prices and availability of internet/computers 5-15 years ago ;) [Note: MindGeek = the pornhub network] Short version: That's a video streaming websites which is rather simple, yet bandwidth intensive. Outsourcing the caching and video delivery means MindGeek can do with little servers and a few locations. Nonetheless the CDN you're outsourcing to does need a lot of servers at many edge locations. Actually, if we think in terms of "top bandwith users in the world". It's possible that your company is far from being in the list. It's likely dominated by content delivery / ISP / and other providers, most of which are unknown to the public. > That said, what's happening right now, if we are not careful, will fragment the container ecosystem, and it makes it impossible for single containers to target multiple runtimes. Not a chance. There is Packer [0] to get rid of all potential lock-in and monopoly. It's a universal image/container creation tool. - It re-uses your ansible/chef/puppet/shell/whatever scripts for setting up the image. - It outputs a docker containers, Amazon AMI, Google images, VmWare Images, VirtualBox Images. Whichever you like, with the same configuration. [0] https://www.packer.io/ > Do you remember when open source meant people just working on stuff for fun and trying to provide free as in speech alternatives to pay crap? OSS is a path bound to failure. On the one hand, going OSS means the project will never have the resources because it ain't charging money. On the other hand, it will never be able to charge money because people don't want to pay for something that's advertised as free. That's a vicious circle. The average non-crap software is taking astronomical effort to make and it's getting harder and more complex over time. A bunch of guys working for free in their spare time just don't have the resources to keep up. P.S. When in doubt, remember that the difference between the great pyramid of Kheops and Microsoft Windows, is that Windows took more effort to make. Contrary to the author, I'd rather not have the picture on the careers page show a majority of people of colors and women. That's a strong indicator of a random stock photo, totally unrelated to the company. Now about putting beer and table pong first in the list of perks. That does say something about the culture. > Free software refers to freedom, Philosophically speaking, maybe. In practise though, free software are considered because of pricing and not freeness. Bring a PAID open-source software for a comparison in front of your directors and/or fellow engineers. I did that many times, from $1000/year to $3M/year subscription. Even the most open-source aficionados will quickly reveal that he doesn't care about open-source. All he thinks about is pricing. Youtube had the challenge of being one of the first streaming services, and it's operating at an unprecedented scale. I am actually wondering, how many orders of magnitude youtube has more traffic than pornhub? I am in distributed systems and try to work exclusively on hard problems. So when I say "simple", that is biased on the high end of the spectrum. If you go to pornhub.com and looks at "popular keyword", you'll only find thousand or ten thousands videos. In a way, there is not that much content on pornhub. All major websites have challenge. Pornhub is a single purpose website and a lot of the challenge is in video delivery, which can be outsourced to a CDN nowadays. "simple" is maybe too strong a word. I am trying to convey the idea that it has limited scope and [some of] the problems it's facing are understood by now and have [decent] solutions. That's not to say it's easy ;) Okay, so you could potentially get a computer. Now, think about accessing the resources to learn programming: Books, Documentation, Compilers, IDE... I recall being on 56k internet in 2001, paying by the hour. Couldn't have learn programming, except going around and buying books and tools on CD and offline documentation. That was the hell of a barrier to entry compared to today. There are already Gmail/Microsoft/Facebook providing single sign on for users. That doesn't mean applications are bothering to support them. Actually, Facebook is ubiquitous for popular apps to the point it's often mandatory. (too bad for privacy :( ) Google App for business (and Microsoft to a less extent) have market shares among professionals but many SaaS and hosted applications cannot integrate with it at all. Actually, it's now called "OpenID Connect" and it's a profile of the OAuth spec. Attacks are rarely targeted to the hosting providers. They usually target a specific customer. Google/AWS probably have 100 times the capacity (and redundancy and architecture reliability and failover and awesomeness) of linode. That means that, first, they can't be put down easily, second, a DDoS is limited to a small subset of the infrastructure and doesn't bleed to every customers and services. As for traditional hosting companies (OVH and the likes) When you're being DDoSed, they'll null-route your IP space. (i.e. they advertise your IPs as dont-exist-on-the-internet-anymore). The traffic is dropped while in transit on the internet because it can't go anywhere. It doesn't reach the hosting company anymore. Note: being null-routed means your site and all your services are off the internet and thus effectively dead. As for CloudFlare. They have many locations all around the world and they can absorb a lot of traffic, to the point they themselves cannot be DDoS. They have active monitoring and mitigation against common attacks and known malicious sources, which may prevent the attack without even you knowing about it. When you're under attack, you can block subnet/AS/countries in cloudflare settings, or request a challenge/capcha from every visitors. Cloudflare will reject visitors (with or without challenging them) at their edge location before any traffic can get to you. It is very effective from my experience. Generally speaking. The only way to stop a DDoS is to do it before it reaches your datacenters so you need help from your ISP/provider/CDN. Edit: The attack that put down linode last christmas was against linode itself and not a specific customer. Part of the mitigation included linode moving its critical services behind cloudflare :D Block DNS/NTP in the security group => Problem solved (unless it only filters traffic at the instance input) Put an ELB in front of the services, the ELB only listening to port 80/443, roll out the ELB publicly, roll out new instances only accessible privately, kill old instances being DDoSed => Problem solved => Repeat for all other services, they shouldn't be publicly accessible in the first place. Ain't saying it's easy but there are some options to help mitigate the attack. First, The article seems to mostly complain about text logs VS structured logs. That is unrelated to syslog because it is simply a log transport mechanism. Applications should send structured logs. (e.g. JSON messages). The message may be delivered by whatever means (e.g. syslog). --- Second, I am surprised that the article doesn't mention the issues with syslog not being defined properly and suffering from interoperability issues. Truth is: "syslog" refers to multiples, incompatible protocols that evolved other time. See two independent specifications for example: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5424 and https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3164 Applications, libraries and middleware (graylog/ELK/rsyslog/syslog-ng/fluentd) have interoperability issues because of the different syslog protocols. Just because two things are speaking "syslog" doesn't mean they speak the same "syslog". Switches/routers/appliances cause even more issue because the custom implementations tend to not format messages perfectly for any of the RFC. ^^ Not a case for Elixir. Just a standard case for using fast compiled languages (Java/C#/Erlang/Scala...) vs slow interpreted mono-core languages (python/ruby/php...). Python and Erlang shop here. Last time I was performance testing some python applications. 2-3 ms for decoding the request (gunicorn internals) + 0.5 for flask + 0.3 ms for newrelic + 0.2 ms for sentry + 0.5 ms spent in the application code (a simple return "hello"). That's a total of 2-5 ms of power and time wasted, not running the application code and creating latency for all calls. Add that the webserver has to fork to X processes to handle requests in parallel because each request is blocking by design (cf. "global interpreter lock" and common webservers internal). When the ecosystem (webservers/interpreter/languages) is slow & ineffective (i.e. ruby/python/php). So will be all the applications written on it. It's trivial to double the performance and half the hardware by switching to a better ecosystem. > about json and syslog structured data I found syslog design to be well done about that, ignoring whether it was accidental or not :D +1 for json. Format messages as JSON for logging. Update/reconfigure applications to write json logs. The structured data headers of syslog can be used for enriching log messages with metadata (instance id, instance ip, tags, environment, etc...). The RFC 5xxx design allows to manage the message (application's responsibility) and the metadata (relay's responsibility) separately, so it's nice. [Note: If ALL messages were JSON logs and the tooling could manipulate json messages directly to add/remove fields, there would be no need for a different metadata channel.] That's getting a ridiculous old meme. There is one data that is critical and has never been showed. How many people can argue to have X years of experience in tech? With X being 5, 10, 20, 30, 40... Bonus: Repeat the question with a limit to the geography. Silicon Valley only, America only, small city in the USA, India, Spain, Specific city of [random EU country]. Thousands is not much. The top movies are getting ten of thousands of seeders. They get thousands in each of their localized version (French, German, Spanish...). Go to one of the "current-best-streaming-site-of-the-moment.inwhatevercoutry" [1] Some of the streaming sites publish the "views per video" (or downloads per video for DDL site). The top 10 videos are all in the hundreds of thousand of views. The English streaming sites are in the millions of views per top video. They get more audience because of the language. In comparison, it seems to me that music is not very popular for streaming/DDL/torrenting. If anything, it should concentrate all the views in a few places only because songs exist in a single version in a single language. [1] easy to find in the "top 100 most visited site per country" with alexa.com :D > And why just the api and manager? Likely because it's more effective, if you really want to kill the site. Let's say that you find a "/manage/viewall" page which takes some processing to load (more so than the other pages), is never cached, and can't be protected by cloudflare/capcha/other because it must stay open for CLI tools. First, it's easy to overload the site by throwing a couple of expensive requests to a few vulnerable services, rather than to have a botnet flooding 100 Gb/s of traffic to random customer instances. (note: the two strategies are not mutually exclusive). Second, by attacking these services, they impact Linode itself and all customers using it. Someone is really trying to hurt Linode by doing that. The lesson here: There seem to be some naughty attackers who are putting a lot of effort to put Linode down recently... and they seem to succeed to some extent. That really is a bad position for Linode :( Omg. That sounds like a public list of "Top poorly secured business sites to breach. --Reward guaranteed" +1 for drive having the worst organization of all doc tools currently in existence. Give me a windows remote shared directory, a sharepoint, a dropbox, just anything that would let me work. Drive is only good at making a single isolated file and sharing that file over gmail. It is lacking notions of structured and shared folders. No thought was given to sharing documents across the company/teams/services, EXCEPT to make a single document sent by email. I found the academia to be way more vicious and politics than a company. In academia, teachers/referees/directors were commonly there for 10-20 years, some will probably never have to live their positions and they have full unlimited authority for many things. The worse that could happen in academia as a student is to have politics goes against your back. You will be blocked from graduating, you will loose X years of study unlikely to start over or graduate at another place, and be stuck with your debt and no diploma. In a company, the worst that could happen is simply to be fired. You look for another job and keep your money, you keep your diploma, keep your experiences. In fact, if you have a problem with your boss at work, you can always change job. If you have a problem with your PhD (or master's) teacher in academia, you can't leave without failing your studies and you're fucked. > how terrible is the reputation of IT and developers in large companies from the business side. They are seen as a world of hyper-bureaucratic, common sense-free, business sense-hostile, half-assed lemmings. Large non-tech hyper-bureaucratic common-sense-free companies are especially hostile toward good IT and dev so good people just don't work there ;) [and even if they did, they still couldn't get anything done] The solution to all gender problems: Actively ignore all topics and articles with "woman" or "female" in the title. People are who they are and go where they want. Tech is no exception. When one walks into a car garage, one doesn't make a fuss about mechanics being all men. When one walks into a kindergarden, one doesn't make a fuss about teachers being all women. Don't believe the lies a single second. The truth is, it is NOT tough being 3X-4X in silicon valley. What is tough is accepting to put up with startups about to fail, long hours, mediocre pay, little benefits and immature coworkers. That does limit the size of the job market. That issue is faced by everyone, independently of their age. The youngers selves just happen to have lower standards in average. And it's worth noting that dalmatiner magic relies on ZFS + riak. The ZFS part being problematic to run on linux. There is currently no open source monitoring solutions that support more than a single node. If you have serious infrastructure, you gotta move to the paid SaaS monitoring solutions which are ALL awesome.: https://www.datadoghq.com/ and https://signalfx.com/ Note: I am not affiliated with any of these services. I just have a very strong interest in nagios/icinga/riemann/graphite/grafana dying since my painful experience of setting up and maintaining them. Add the salary on top of that. Higher experience commands higher salary and no company has an unlimited cash flow, even among the ones who are truly interested in the rare experiences and skills. On the other hand, the world is full of companies and industries who are basing their business on cheap employees and lowballing. > I moved everything on top of kube Could you define the "everything" please. What applications are you running? How many of them? How much resources do they use? The product mentioned are expensive entreprisey products, mostly sold business-to-business. The europeans laws offer little protection to companies. Consumer laws apply only when selling directly to consumers. > they have a banner ad that gives then a thousandth of a penny Forget about thepiratebay. It's children pocket money. Remember the time of RapidShare/Megaupload? They were paying something like $5 per thousand downloads. Let's imagine a popular DDL/streaming site sending one video. The next week it's been downloaded 100k times. That's $500 easy money for one upload. Multiply that amount of money by the amount of movies, of tv show episodes, of video games (whose 20GB are split in 20 separate files). That was the hell of a business model. Now, let's think about the modern streaming sites. It doesn't monetize that way anymore. Instead it's putting aggressive ads on every fucking page + misleading widgets opening ad popups + affiliation with streaming services + useless redirection so visitor are forced to open more pages. Illegal download/streaming are a very lucrative business and that's why there are so many of it. Noone is talking pennies there. > Notice how smooth the 32-bit to 64-bit transition went? (and yes, it was smooth.) I credit most of that to Microsoft and the insane efforts they make to support backward compatibility. They made an extremely complex abstraction layer to run 32 bits applications on 64 bits OS, yet it works very well. To this day, it's possible to run lot of applications that were written 15 years ago, seamlessly, as they were built and distributed 15 years ago. These sites are exclusively linking. They NEVER host anything. CSV is a poorly defined format. It doesn't have a standard. No wonder it screws up when you start varying character encoding. The first practical lesson of CSV is CSV WILL fail miserably when changing character encoding, using non ASCII characters, having quoted string, varying end of line characters... CentOS > Debian for running docker and kubernetes. The debian stable kernel has been suffering for many months from critical bugs that results in docker crashing randomly. Note: kernel crash = unresponsive stale system, only fixable with a hard reboot These storage systems are meant to be SAN devices. Meaning either Amazon EBS volume or Google volumes, on their respective clouds. I recall reading that EBS is being [partially] implemented and tested. (Read: The documentation is full of "known bug: ..." and "please don't try that in production"). And you can add the Jetbrains stack on top of that: Teamcity + Youtrack + upsource + IntelliJ. The jetbrains stack VS The atlassian stack. A long standing competition between the best tools in the world. Conclusion from reading: Gitlab is just another open-source company that raised money and is now desperate to monetize it's products. Unfortunately for them. The market is already saturated with CI tools, including good ones. - If you want good self-hosted CI, you use teamcity (jetbrains) or bamboo (atlassian). Side note: They cost money, you get what you pay for. - If you want good SaaS CI, you use travis-ci (linux), circle-ci (linux) or appveyor (windows). - If you want to suffer endlessly, you use Jenkins (previously hudson). It's shit, it has a Bad UI, it's an aggregation of poorly maintained plugins, it lack even the most simple features, the list goes on... - If you want to go exotic, you can find dozens of other [partial] CI tools. There is no room for gitlab. Teamcity already has a free edition offering 20 projects and 3 slaves. All the aforementioned tools are free for open-source projects. Disclaimer: I have used all the tools mentioned above. ----- The reason the good tools are not popular is: 1) they cost money and people are bitches when it comes to spending even $10 2) most people start with the old well-known shitty tools and then they're locked in... and the efforts required to move away just increase over time (sadly, nobody got fired for choosing Jenkins in the first place :( ) I find that worrying for the future of Gitlab. It's really hard to charge money, especially against a truckload of both free AND paid tools which do the job. They decided to NOT charge money on the number of projects or the number of runners. They've made a product with no incentive whatsoever to pay for it. We could say it's great, we get get another free tool! but how are they going to make this work on the long term? They have no business model and the investor funds will eventually run out at some point. Then, we'll be left with another free open source abandoned projects, just like jenkins? The CI choice is important. There are many features that must come from the CI: - Support downloading the code from various repo (GIT, SVN...) - Option to start build from scratch or keep the state from the previous build - Integrate with your user accounts (LDAP, Google Auth...) - Good and stable API [jenkins API is a complete mess] - Storing and retrieving build artifacts - Bisecting - Running batch of builds / parametrized builds - Graphing and statistics (build durations, build failures, ...) - Backup system for the configuration of the CI master (must be scriptable) - High availability: Either support a pair of CI master with active/passive, or support scaling horizontally with many active masters (this is critical for > 1000 dev companies with many many projects) - Build in monitoring in the CI master itself (e.g. manage the space taken by projects and artifacts) with a notifications when things are going critical. ... Yes. The good approach when you're given a legacy java application with tons of flags is to removed ALL the optimizations flags for the heap and the GC. Most of the settings found in legacy projects or on the internet are either obsolete or defaults in the latest version of the JVM. The only mandatory heap flag is: "-Xms???M -Xmx???M" which set the heap size of the application to ??? megabytes. >> Support downloading the code from various repo (GIT, SVN...) >Is there a CI server that can't handle this? Worst case you can do a checkout from the command line. It's common NOW. It's been a problem for a very long time. The transition to the git era took a while and didn't happen smoothly. I didn't check, but there may be some of the SaaS services being bound to specific repo services. >> Option to start build from scratch or keep the state from the previous build > This should be part of the build script. "make clean build" or "make build". A script can't "rm -rf . " at the start of the build or it destroys itself ;) A script could "rm -rf . " at the end of the build... except when the build fails midway, leaving the machine in an inconsistent state. >>Integrate with your user accounts (LDAP, Google Auth...) >Not sure whatthe case for this is, but the authorization can be passed to the build script anyway. I am not talking about build. I am talking about people signing in to the web ui with some sort of user accounts. >> Good and stable API [jenkins API is a complete mess] >What do you need the api for? To add/remove slaves programmatically. To trigger builds and get build status. Among other things. >> Storing and retrieving build artifacts >Again, better off being a feature of the build script. The CI SHOULD have a feature to store artifacts or upload to ftp/ssh/s3. (other) There is no excuse for not supporting common use case. It's better to have CI's dev program it right once, than having one million user each baking their own buggy scripts. >> Bisecting >This is a job for humans. WTF. The job of a human is not to click 20 times through the interface only to enter the git hash of 20 commits. Just gimme a button "build last N commits" or "build commit between X date and Y date" >>Running batch of builds / parametrized builds (had matrix build in mind specifically) >Doesn't every CI server have this? As a matter of fact: No, they don't. (I was also surprised to discover that in the wild). >> Graphing and statistics (build durations, build failures, ...) >This is really not important. It is important. We NEED to check the evolution of the build duration. >> Backup system for the configuration of the CI master (must be scriptable) >Why is this part of the CI server and not a general backup system? It is the responsibility of one's system that the system is backable. If all the configuration of the CI is a "conf.xml". It's okay, I can just copy that file. If all CI master is a mess of thousands of directories and files, where the master node configuration and the build configurations and the past build info are intertwined. I am forced to backup everything together, which may be 100 GB of data. If the past builds and current configurations are referencing each other with unique GUID and numbers, in a way that ANY file missing might cause the jenkins server to not boot... I am fucked, especially so because there is no way to backup atomically 100 GB of data across 100000 files and directories while builds are running. > This really isn't important. The CI server being out for a few hours will not bring down the company. If you have that many projects then there is no problem with having multiple build servers. Given your arguments of all things being useless. You seem to be working in a very small company or not have worked professionally at all. Please try to envision a real company: When the CI system breaks, there are 100 people who are interrupted and they will be partially unable to work until it is fixed. By The Way: It's easier to maintain and manage one big system. By splitting one CI pipeline into 10 CI, you just created 9 SPOF and you just increased the failure rate dramatically. >>Build in monitoring in the CI master itself (e.g. manage the space taken by projects and artifacts) with a notifications when things are going critical. >Like the backups, this should be part of a general OS monitoring, no need to complicate the CI server It is the responsibility of one's system that the system is reliable. First) CI servers have disk space issues. I expect a sensible way to find out what projects/builds are taking and the ability to clean it up. [a monitoring system will give full disk alert, it doesn't understand the CI internal organization] Second) If the dev are not retarded, they can put a notification for everyone to see when the disk is at 99% instead of writing the last % and crashing... only to never reboot again because it corrupted itself in the process. You can't have 30 years of experience in your job when your job didn't exist 30 years ago. You can't have 15 years of experience in [whatever thing] when [whatever thing] didn't exist 15 years ago. Note: 15 years ago = 56k internet, paying by the hour, for the 0.xyz% of select few people on the planet I never said that the experience is irrelevant. To quote the other comment: "20 years experience feels like 4 years experience repeated 5 times with different buzzwords". There are two things which come to mind and that I'd like to point out. - Each 4 year cycle is bringing less and less experience. The guy who is starting now is going to work for at least 45 years. We could say that it will be a tremendous amount of experience, but it's more likely than he will not be able to sell > 30 years of experience. [it's challenging and not specific to tech work] - There exist no people with > 30 years of experience. That's not to negate the handful of these guys in the SV and a couple of research centers across the world. Relatively speaking, the amount of people with 30 years of experience is roundable to zero. - Corollary: It's difficult to know what it's like to have 30 years of experience in the current market. - Final word: Shiny technologies are only affecting the 20 years old bro coders in the 70 hours web startups. The bunch of the jobs are still in old school industries like medical/aerospace/finance/government/contracting who stick to old school tech and never upgrade. Don't believe the lies a single second. The truth is, it is NOT tough being 3X-4X in silicon valley. What is tough is accepting to put up with startups about to fail, long hours, mediocre pay, little benefits and immature coworkers. That does limit the size of the job market. That issue is faced by everyone, independently of their age. The youngers selves just happen to have lower standards in average It could be science. The solar system is moving at 230 km/s after all. [1] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galactic_year Short version of the article: A few startups in the self-driving space were recently acquired [by Uber,GM,Google,...] for $10M per head. It's common to see successful tech startups selling for $1M per head. The extremes go for a lot more money. Nothing new. Way too much clickbait in the title. It might be hard to understand for the typical American HN reader but the major USA cities are only a tiny fraction of the world. There are more than 100 other countries out there with many cities in need of taxis. > All of this is going to drive up costs. They're cheap enough. They can increase prices by 10-20% and still be the best AND the cheapest taxi service in the universe. Right. Most applications don't need that. It's only the server apps running 24/7 on fixed hardware that should have a defined memory usage. > I think you're misunderstanding what the problem is here. I want global consistency (really I want two party consistency) to prevent the said user from witnessing the unkind thing I posted about them. You don't want global consistency and you're saying it yourself. What you want is to be presented with a view that is consistent with the actions you've done. [it's really basics101 for user experience.] The internals of the system don't matter to you. It only matter to us, as the builders. We can make it so that it is internally 'inconsistent'[0] yet it always presents a 'consistent'[0] view to the user. [0] I don't think the word consistent describes well the situation. Nothing is ever strictly perfectly consistent. > I can write a program with lots of nines that is blazingly faster than its competitors if its behavior is allowed to be incorrect. Congratulations! You just understood distributed systems, or put more simply the real world of app development. Most of the programs in the real world ARE allowed to be incorrect at times. Corollary: Most of the programs in the real world do NOT need to be correct every single time. These statements should be on top of system design and requirement gathering classes. I was making the distinction on being the user VS being the builder of the system. The user doesn't need to know or understand the internals. > consistency... consistency... consistency What if I am not aiming for consistency in the first place? We both understand that "total availability" is mythical. So why not target partial availability in the first place? > [Proprietary] engines are just too much of a risk. ALL software are at risk of being poorly maintained and abandoned. open-source VS free VS closed-source VS paid is not directly relevant to the direction and the future of a software. What you need to do is a proper risk analysis before you pick an engine (or any important dependency for the matter). > Stuff that should be easy but isn't is a strong indicator of technical debt. It can also be an indicator that there is noone working on it. It's common to have fix which are relatively easy but noone to implement them. Think how much are the salaries to fill 50 seats => $40k is a drop in the sea. I can understand that this pricing model doesn't appeal to amateurs and micro teams working in their free time. I can also understand that Unity doesn't care about this [non] customer base. Lesson #1 - It will be hilarious when they'll discover that Al-Jazeera is actually paying a license to them. Just under a different name. (Yes, big international companies have many legal names and subsidiaries and buying departments). Lesson #2 - Seriously. Do NOT let 20 yo bro-grammers handle the business and marketing. Noone could care less about your code + The DMCA notice is plain silly. This is exactly how you SHOULD NOT handle business leads and customers. While we are on the topic. Once you install facebook messenger, it steals all your contacts information and their numbers. It's been doing that for many years and there never was any option to prevent it. Argon2i and argon2d => bad idea to use that in production (and yes, the researchers made two different algorithms with the same name) > Which areas of math are practical to programming/algorithms and why? The basics: + - x / Generally speaking, any vector or array can be thought of as a matrix (not that it is important). Some problems and domains involved many operations on [multi dimensional] matrices. Where some math knowledge is advised. Then there is "graph" both theory and practice. It's usually classified as math but has little to do with mathematics. I'd rather consider that as a unique separate domain with many practical and theoretical applications in other fields. Forget about "crypto". Nothing of that is needed for programming. You'll use some algorithms but you'll never have to write or invent them. In a theoretical sense. "Functional [programming]" is a branch of mathematics. ---- Overall. Math is seriously overrated and has nothing to do with programming. If you're into programming. Maths are simply not required to be a programmer. Don't worry about that. There are some domains (maps=graph, 2D/3D=geometry, variousstuff=matrices) in where programming regularly require some maths. The maths part is always a very specific subset that can usually be learnt alone. If you're into abstract mathematics. There are some theoretical stuff that can be worked on which are very far from practical programming. It's actually counter intuitive but in practice, anti virus are useless for non advanced users because they don't understand it. A normal people get a message "Virus win32.badthingy detected: -delete- -quarantine- -ignore-". He clicks on the little "x" in the corner of the window. -- true story It did happen :D IMO: State attack = a state steals the access and keep the breach secret for as long as they can [or until they get hacked themselves]. They use it for espionage and similar purposes Evil bad guy = all accounts and passwords are already available on blackmarket.com since Day+1 after the breach. They'll probably end up in a torrent within the next month. Evil bad guy sponsored by a state = Well, somewhere between the two. Hopefully the state ensures they get exclusive access and non disclosure. You're forgetting that options/equity/shares/whatever have many conditions AND on top of that there are complex schemes which can render them nil. The stockholders/VC know that and they are very good on the legal stuff. A salary comes with no trap. You can ensure every month that you got the money. font sizes and high DPI are far from trivial changes. > Or, they just get their priorities wrong Most open source projects have very few or no people working at all. It's common to find bug reports opened for years that were never fixed. They don't have to be complex, just non-trivial. These companies shouldn't have closed if they had as many users as the article says. Change your plans and charge more. Or in the case of these, start charging at all instead of giving everything for free. If that implies 50% of free users leaving, so be it! Don't be scared about loosing them, they are NOT even customers by definition. As I recall, They have supported raid 0 and/or 1 since some editions of windows XP. Same thing on Windows 7 (that may be limited to the pro/entreprise editions) Since windows server 2012. The OS has "storage spaces" which is a full management solution for RAID and volumes and physical disks. It's somewhat similar to the ZFS/zpool/mdraid/dmcrypt tooling, EXCEPT it's all in a single software, unified, way easier to use and with a nice GUI. IMO. Software raid and disk management is utter shit on Linux. They are easily lagging > 10 years behind but that's just my point of view. I disagree on the sane part. Make a simple search on google on "how to resize a partition on linux" and you get ten tutorials, all of which give different steps, none of which work. There are at least 7 different tools for managing disks on linux most of which vary by distribution and version: fdisk, mkfs, partx, parted, growpart, mdraid, dmcrypt... Little story: The auto extending of partitions on boot (i.e. a critical thing in cloud environment) has been broken in debian stable for more than 6 months. It's calling "growpart" that is calling other tools, one of which is "partx". Some flags are changing between versions and it breaks the whole toolchain, unless all software versions are carefully selected. We could continue on why do some of the tools only accept cylinder and block counts as size??? or why is gparted a terrible GUI for managing disks. > You can edit the top answer or post a new answer Nope you can't. - You'll be blocked if your edit is not "in the spirit of the originally post(er)". If you only have to add a separate and standalone paragraph at the end on a newer subfeature (like your asp example), it's generally fine. If you have to rewrite one of the main paragraph, the reviewers will systematically reject your edit. Typically, that means that there is no way to update an obsolete post when the tools or best practices have changed, because it's considered major changes diverging from the original author. - Combine that with the aggressive policy of closing and locking down questions, and it's impossible to post a new separate answer on most of the questions. > Disclaimer: I work in the Q&A team at Stack Overflow. In that case, I have a serious question for you: What's your plan for refreshing the site on the long term? Lemme explain. The "community" is actively closing new questions as "duplicate" if anything similar is already present. At the same time, the old answer (that all duplicates are redirecting to) is often locked down for various reasons. The blocking prevents to update or add new answers. Currently, many major questions are redirecting to one of the first answers from 3-6 years ago, when the site was relatively new. The provided answers are rotting over time. How do you intend to prevent that? The solution I'd like to see: 1) Put the site behind CloudFlare. 2) Wait for an attack... 3) Force all users to go through a capcha before accessing the site. Note: The capcha setting can be enabled with 3 clicks in cloudflare UI and it takes 2-5 minutes to propagate. (Yes, I speak from experience) > How many more answers to How do I fix a null pointer exception in Java ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/linked/218384?lq=1 ) do you want to have on the site? Honestly. You're looking at a non-problem here. The endless stream of trivia questions is rivalled 10 times by the furry of downvotes and closing. Beginners who dare asking questions like that are welcomed so badly that they usually don't dare coming back. On the other hand. Blocking professionals who have the solution because they don't have 100 points is a real issue. Same for having 5 years old outdated answers appear on top of the list, even though the next more recent answers have proportionally more points (when accounting for time). > I don't really see a way out of it either. Stop using C++ unless forced to do so. That's the only way to leave the complexity minefield. Use java, C#, or Go. You get the high productivity AND the performance together. (Also, the tooling is so much better). Should quote this one as well: (3) With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine. However, this is not necessarily a good idea. It is hard to be sure where they are going to land, and it could be dangerous sitting under them as they fly overhead. https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1925 Coincidence: I was checking out your product the other day and it seemed quite interesting. There was just one huge issue: Where is the price tag? He likely means the "green card" as in the green card. Datacenters are sensitive facilities. It's not surprising that they block entrance to many people. From what I've seen in Europe, I can remember a couple of places in military, datacenters and national research centers where it's clearly written "European Only" on the jobs. 1) What is the cost relating to: requests? GB ingested? unique users? sources? Too many variables... 2) On a different topic. There is one thing I'd like to see that would put you at a great advantage over all competitors: The ability to have the tracker appears under my own domain like "stats.mysite.com/whatever". Right now all client-side javascript scripts are expected to reside on a unique address and it's impossible to change (i.e. alooma.com or google-analytics.com/analytics.js or segment.com). The unique address are systematically blocked by all adblockers. There is no article. It's just disguised advertising which is asking for you to register on their website. If you really want to crack the HackerRank test, read this instead: https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/07/13/cracking-the-hack... > But how many people do you know ACTUALLY working in Aerospace tech? A lot. This is pretty standard work for many schools which offer a mix of Computer Science and Electronics. Alumni finish their degree and go into Aerospace. If you ignore the Silicon Valley area which is dominated by trendy web startups, there is a lot of work in old school aircraft/aerospace/military/defence companies and contracts. I could argue that there are actually more [decent and stable] jobs in Aerospace than in web startups. >>> Do you think that's it's that people would rather deal with operational complexity, or just that it's easier to not think about operational complexity early on That's one way to scale development projects. Have multiple teams of dev who work on separate stuff. They can develop in their corner however they want and that makes them happy. The final thing is a clusterfuck of services with little cohesion [YET they ALWAYS manage to put the shit together in production in a mostly working state]. The alternative implies to have a consistent and cohesive view of the components. For that, you'll need to have people with experience in architecturing scalable and sane production systems [so they understand what are the consequences and tradeoffs of ALL their decisions]. I know of very few people on the planet who can design systems. (We're talking past unicorn-rarity here). Plus, the developers must actually listen AND care about the long term maintenance AND the people involved (i.e. not want to do shit that will hit either them in 6 months or the team in the next office). The amount of collaboration AND communication AND skills required to operate this strategy is beyond the realm of most people and organisation. There are very few individuals who can execute at this level. >>> Our number is closer to 1,700 now, but yes this means 1,700 distinct applications. Each application has many instances, some have thousands of instances. Time to forbid adding more stuff and start cleaning. (12) [...] perfection has been reached not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1925 One query on a table is the exact same thing as a HTTP GET call on a service. You're both missing the point here. Both things are conceptually equivalent: - Select(db, somekey, someparameters) [return some db object] - http_get_query( http://service.com/somekey/someparameters [return some JSON] They are external (micro)service: - they both need the target system to be available. - they both may fail in weird and unexpected ways. - they both need to handle failure gracefully. Their usage have different properties: - A database call need to have a permanent connection pool to the database, usually requiring db user and password. - A http call is just call and forget. It's a lot easier to use, in any applications, at any time. > You can't just press a button and have scale Actually you can... if the system was designed for this purpose. Business is irrelevant once you're sure that the service will go into production AND will have some amount of users. It's known that some things will break from time to time (e.g. servers, hard drives, networking). If you've designed the application poorly so that a single minor failure can snowball to the entire system, it's guaranteed that your site will fall apart periodically, costing you lots of money each time. At this point, the best technical AND business converge to "pick an option that can sustain [minor] breakages". Either you've done it like that from the start, or you're in the process of rewriting/redesigning your site. The main competitor is Akamai. Have fun with the sales team. Which brings the question: Are the manufacturers stupid enough to put the items on the internet AND embed a self-destruct command... Some more information: The shuttles are doing a 1 mile "L" path circle around a park and a commercial center. Then they turn back. There isn't any traffic whatsoever. It's a wide road for pedestrians only, circling the area. I've been saying forever that we should have golf cars to move around that place. Now it's getting real :D > good DACs and amplifiers are NOT cheap: You consider "a few dollars" as not cheap? https://para.maximintegrated.com/search.mvp?fam=precision-da... Anyway it doesn't matter. If you want the best quality, the source (i.e. the phone) has to feed a digital signal. Then it's turned into sound by either a $10 earphone or a $1000 Hi-Fi system. How well that external device amplifies and generates the sound is up to that external device, they both get the same (good) quality source. And if your sound system doesn't support digital, you can get a USB-to-Jack35 converter. And we'll note that browsers usually write the stream to the disk and it stays there for an unbounded amount of time, so streaming is equivalent to downloading [most of the time]. > It makes me appreciate the simplicity of design of Linux and macOS. You realize that the Ubuntu update system has been broken for years? It's not possible to perform an update without writing cryptic 100 characters long command that might destroy your system. Right. I'll help you figure out that you are the one who is wrong. Millions of people run Ubuntu and can NOT upgrade it at all. The cause: After a few kernel updates, the /boot partition gets full. Then all future updates simply fail because of disk full. (the updater never clean the old stuff). The issue is well known and well documented. For instances, read these two questions which are over 100k views each: https://askubuntu.com/questions/171209/my-boot-partition-hit... https://askubuntu.com/questions/298487/not-enough-free-disk-... And here the magic one liner command you need to fix it: sudo apt-get purge $(dpkg -l linux-{image,headers}-"[0-9]*" | awk '/ii/{print $2}' | grep -ve "$(uname -r | sed -r 's/-[a-z]+//')") One more war story about the bad design decision in MongoDB resulting in unresponsive nodes and data loss. Hopefully, people will have figured out by now that MongoDB is not ready for production. The installation default is to make a separate 100MB /boot partition. The issue happens systematically after a few updates (let's say 5 in average to fill the 100MB space). That means all users will come across this issue after a few months of usage and regular updates. Depends on your usage. If you just need a few servers for your side projects. You should use one of the cheap providers: Digital Ocean/Linode/OVH/Hertzner. They're just a lot cheaper. If you need all the fancy features, typically because you're running a company (VPC, SAN drives, S3/cloud storage, load balancers...). You should use GCE instead of AWS. I'd say it's 20-50% cheaper in average. >>> I don't see why clicking the ad makes you less web savvy. Web Savyy people have AdBlockers. It's the first thing to install right after the operating system itself. Clicking the ad means you don't have an AdBlocker, therefore you are not web savyy. Google has all the exact same offerings as AWS. The IaaS part is called GCE (Google Compute Engine): https://cloud.google.com/compute/pricing Given all your comments in this thread. You seem to struggle quite a lot to understand the market and you didn't clarify what you want to achieve (how many servers do you have now? how many applications do you run? how many dev? how big is your company?) So forgive me for thinking you are either a hobbyist or a newcomer, with rather simple needs. If that's the case, GCE and AWS are overkill. You should stick to Digital Ocean or Linode. It's wayyy simpler and cheaper. GCE/AWS: $n for the server + $2 for the hard disk + $y for the bandwidth + some other surprises we'll only find out later. Digital Ocean really is $5, fixed, all inclusive. That's the difference ;) Summary of the article: The noscript website is showing ads which are installing malware. (typical clean your computer [with a trojan] bullshit) Bonus: The extension goes the extra mile to disable specific adblock filters during its installation + the website is displayed automatically on every extension update. Yes we're talking about ads in Google search results. They are blocked by adblockers. (Well, except the official flavour of AdBlock Plus, which was paid a shitton of money by Google to stop blacklisting them :D) > employees who accepted a counter-offer are leaving the company after an average of 15 months. 15 months MORE. Damn. I wish I could stay that long in a single company. Either the project is long finished, or the startup went bankrupt, or the entire department is redone, or there is somewhere else offering a significant raise, or... Sometimes, I wonder what's the average tenancy for competent employees in a hot tech hub. > Package installation hell It's not container hell. The container has to be [partially] recreated when the application changes. It's a miracle that it can be done this fast and one of the main selling point for using docker. Build a new image in minutes. Deploy it in seconds. The packaging step was 1 order of magnitude longer before there was docker. Same for the deployment step. > Injecting secrets during build process You can package into the image during the build process, but that's mostly for non secret stuff. Otherwise, the way to do it is to mount files into the container, during the deployment. e.g. mount /etc/server/key.crt to /etc/myapp/key.crt You're misinterpreting. I am simply giving the main points of the article so people can follow the news without reading everything. > This morning there was yet another comment thread on hacker news about Yet Another outage involving MongoDB and data loss, this time by some company called “CleverTap”. After hundreds of blog posts relating real life disasters with MongoDB, maybe it's time to pick up that there is something wrong with MongoDB itself. Sure, there's some case of half-assed sysadministration going on here and there, but MongoDB is partially at fault for turning many issues[1] into a case of "all systems are down, data is now inaccessible and the only salvation is hardcore disaster recovery". [1] Most of which don't exist in other databases. Fixed. That depends on the management culture. Some companies will not consider a raise unless you have another offer, some will refuse a raise no matter what you can get elsewhere, some will lie straight to your face to keep you some more and may even backstab you later. I've seen most of the options in action. The workplace can be an evil place. Summary of the article: The botnet that DDoS'ed KrebsOnSecurity last month [peak at 600 Gbps] has been named Mirai and the code source has been publicly released by the author. Expect the internet to be flooded soon. > when your organization scales Case in point: AWS/GCE are intended for organizations. If you're not operating an organization, they're overkill. Do the Quick test: Is your budget less than $100/month? If yes, use Digital Ocean. Just a reminder: In Europe the main competitor is Adyen, which is basically the exact same thing, with a lower commission. There is a truckload of marketing and news about Stripe, but really, it's nothing we didn't already have on our side of the Atlantic ;) Summary: The parents arranged a bank account for their child to play with. He went on to create an AdWord account and spent $120000 in ads. The payments were blocked. The article lacks details in the end: It seems that the bank called the parents, google blocked the account and already refunded the money. I think you mean "Client did not pay". Otherwise speaking. It's neat and simple. So simple that the client could very easily remove it (or have his 15 years old nephew who know his way around computers, remove it for him). So you're saying that we have to rely on a magic wizard to guess our future capacity? Whatever. We'll just redo the collo vs GCE comparison accounting for the wizard fee and a margin of error on his future guess: - Should be at least $200k/year (USA) or £100k/year (UK) for that kind of skill. How many of such wizard do we need? This price is only for one. - Add 100% on the expected hardware costs. Because hardware is cheap, what is expensive is buying the wrong hardware and having to buy it again. 800/500 Mbits/s on speedtest here. (less if we pick a server on another continent). Fiber is coming to the household. It's gonna bring the potential for DDoS to another order of magnitude. :D Well. The IoT device will be limited by the bad Wifi or 100 Mbps Ethernet. Hopefully. That looks like the Haskell tutorials and trainings I've seen. At the end of it: 1) you didn't learn to read or write text to the console. 2) You are unable to make any useful program, let alone a hello world. This kind of non-practical training materials is a recurring issue with functional languages. What is a "customer success manager" in the first place? Nowadays, every time I subscribe to a new SaaS service I get some emails from their "customer success manager". Not sure what they are supposed to be. It looks like "customer support" but sometimes I get email from support AND from customer success managers. Go figure. CS could be the shorthand for "Customer Support" and "Customer Success". This is adding to the confusion. Given all comments. The customer support is indeed a sales guy responsible for contacting the customer, getting feedback, giving some advise and help... Yes. All these things are part of sales. Especially in B2B context. > How does your company select their supported engineering tools? Is this done amongst a select group of engineering leads? Organizational surveys, etc? IMO. All tools are history from a distant past. There was problem some time ago. Some people picked a tool and it persists. The reasons for a particular tool could have been anything and may or may not still hold true. Usually the tooling ends up fragmented by team, office locations, external acquisitions... especially when there are multiple similar products available. The alternative is to have one ruthless dictator who forces the adoption of ONE SINGLE TOOL and kill everything else. That's the only way to get decent tooling and unify it across a company. (Coincidentally, that's also the only way to migrate from a mess of old tools). > jq stores all numbers as doubles, which means it can't handle 64 bit ints (or larger integer numeric types). JSON = JavaScript Object Notation. Javascript do NOT have integers. It's representing all numbers as double, which causes all kind of weird bugs and rounding errors. 12/12 is an indicator that the test was likely filled by a person who do not understand what do the checked items mean. > It's no more innate than any skill. The only innate aspect to it is the desire to do well at it. ... and the autism to sit at a computer all days and week-ends to practise. Strangely. Companies read the blog post about hardcore hiring but not the blog post about that. That may be true in the silicon valley, where there are companies ready to poach you on every other floor of the building you work at, and every other building in the street. In the other cities of the world. There aren't that many places where you can work at in the area. Your network is limited and you still have to go through traditional interviews (supposing there are even companies to work for in the area). In what city do you live? > It would feel extremely awkward to now, years later, send them an email "would you know a job for me", This practise seemed alien to me as well... but it turns out that it really is a common and accepted practise. Correction: They need to find a significantly better opportunity. People don't change jobs for slightly better. It's too much risk and hassle. Funfact: We're literally in a thread talking about how terrible are job interviews. Last company I was at in France, the average stay was 6-7 years. It's a decent company, nothing particularly great or notable. The numbers are similar for other regional companies from what I've heard of. It's higher for a few big old companies (usually in embedded, defence or aerospace). We can assume that the stays are way shorter in SV/NY/London but please keep in mind that they are not representative of the rest of the world. > Does anyone know how, from our corner, filter out companies that will do crazy stuff like make you barf up 30 sort algorithms? All "good" tech companies. All the startups, no matter whether they are early stage or already raised 100M. All the big established tech companies (Google, Microsoft...). To put it bluntly. ALL the cool places you know and want to work for. They are out of your league :D If you want to start elsewhere. Look for old school NON tech companies. Things like insurance-health-government-defense. They've got real work to do, sometimes more interesting than the Google-Facebook-Mhatever. But they don't have the culture and they have easy interviews. > How can perception be so different between CEO, managers, and developers? It's not perception, it's marketing. The interviewer cannot tell: "We pay under market. If you go interview at almost any other company in town, you'll 20% more easily". People would just not work there. What happens instead is, they either lie straight to their face or oversell the "culture". In your example. The CEO going for "people don't work for the money" is classic bullshit meaning they have low wages but it's a good place (even though it is not). The manager saying they "pay well" is a straight lie. People will believe it most of the time. They can keep employees around for a while. They do what they are supposed to do: Run the company, whatever it takes. Why not? Many good tools are paid. And developers need the good tools to be productive. Funfact: We're in a thread talking about how terrible companies are at assessing candidates... and you say that companies have special tracks for elites candidates, even though they are not able to identify elites candidates in the first place. :D I think that what you refer to is coined under "user experience". Get a performance tool like NewRelic, Dynatrace, Appdynamics. They'll give you all of that. > Passive aggressive word games aside, you really can't compare "reducing the global need for oil" to "snapchat for cats". Actually. By reducing the consumption of oil, it becomes cheaper to travel and people will travel more... increasing the consumption of oil. Game word in point: You might be having the opposing effect of what you think :D I think you might not realize how lucky you are to be able to have interviews. There are places in the world where you can look 50 miles around and only find 3 companies who are (even remotely) a match for you. Whether they happen to have open positions at the moment doesn't even come into considerations yet. I am a SRE, I've done software engineering for years, and I do ops and lots of capacity planning at the moment. I have no intention to denigrate anyone. The word you should have focused on was 'magic'. In the same way that magic does not exist, it is not possible to plan future capacity with accuracy. It can even get worse if the system is of limited size because the time spent on analysing and planning can quickly cover the savings. The only way to have good predictions is to already have the systems running in production [for months], with a [mostly] static user base, running applications that don't evolve, and never add any additional service. Given these circumstances, we could have good metrics on current usage and make good prediction on the future... except that to be at this point the hardware has had to be bought already. That is true for security updates which are critical and it makes sense to 'force' them. But that is not a valid excuse to force major version upgrade like win8 => win10. It has little to do with security and it forces a different environment onto the user. Live in a tech hub and fill your linkedin profile. It doesn't guarantee 2-3 per emails per day, but a few per week is certainly achievable. You do need a few years of experience + some buzzwords. They don't look at github, no matter how much they talk about it. Just put a random link to github, you're fine. Source: Me sending my resume to recruiters + watching the view statistics on github. Obviously this is marketing fake from stack overflow. There is nothing more unreadable than a Stack Overflow resume. Well... except a project on github that doesn't have a readme. No excuse. There are still many years of support ahead for win8. (and even win7) If you wanna talk about unsupported stuff, talk about the printer drivers that do not exist on the new OS version. The cure to Slack: Do NOT install slack on your phone. And if it is, remove it. It's the hell to get notifications all day, before you're at work, after you left work. The slack dev didn't bother putting a button to stop beeping on incoming message or to stop receiving messages at all. I was about to say you won't find a job with linkedin. At best, it just an indication of some potential companies in the area. Keep the list somewhere in your mind, you never know what could happen to your current job. ... and while I was writing this, I just received a message from a startup that raised 200M and want me to join one of their team of 3 known ex googlers on some hard industry problem. [How crazy. I applied there last year and they never replied] Well nevermind, linkedin is awesome. Now that I think about it, I left my last job because of a lead from it. :D If it doesn't work for you. You are not in a tech hub or you don't have a profile rare enough. What's your city? and link to your profile? Question to readers: - What are your goals on AWS? - What topic do you need help with? What articles would you like to be written? Didn't send a cover letter in a while. I am surprised this practise still exists. > While he did get called out once, almost all engineers/non-tech hr didn't bother calling his bluff. I see plenty of GitHub profiles that are filled with forked/starred projects from other people, and nothing of substance. I don't bring it to the candidate because it is worthless and there are more interesting things to talk about. But that doesn't mean I didn't see it ;) Actually I have never once in my life see a good github profile. Not sure whether it can apply to this context. The concretes building are fairly recent. Not sure there was enough time to have a sort of "return on investment". And breaking down something of that scale is quite an undertaking. The first picture with both building next to each other just made me realize how MUCH MORE I prefer the glass building. No great company name. No special univerity. Starting with a slight handicap here. Intro is too long. Make it shorter and to the point. After 5 or 10 lines, it get hidden automatically. [Do you realize that you have the equivalent of "I am open totally to leave my current company" while you're working at your current company?] You lack a lot of keywords. Only Python, DynamoDb, AWS. You must have touched other things. The titles are 4 times "software engineer [intern]". You NEED MORE KEYWORDS. The short line on each company is good and well written, I love to get context. =) The content is missing substance. Add business metrics, how many users? how many servers? how many dollars going through? how many mails send [at the mail company]? Right. The separate full blown cover letter is dead. We just put a short text in the initial email to go along the resume. That's also what I do and recommend. > millions of events per second Source? That statement as-is is clearly overselling. The university fades after a bit of experience (and regular switching to better companies :D). I try but I cannot understand your situation. I couldn't work without business and user metrics. That's the only thing changing from a job to another. Keywords: More technologies. More trendy job titles. [Don't know what's relevant to your past jobs. Can't help.] To explain to both of you: Noone gives a f * about the code you have in your github. Noone will read it ever. When I say a "good" profile. That means you put a link in your resume to ONE project you want to show. The landing page is a README with a paragraph to explain what is the app, a quick start, and a few screenshots. If you've got a link to the website (or desktop installer) AND there are a few icons of external integrations in travis-ci/appveyor/unittestthing/packager then your repo is absolute perfection. =) UK at the moment. We always have to fill a message when posting a resume. Write a short paragraph and that replaces the cover letter. I wouldnt call that having 'no cover letter at all' Software Engineer, Data Engineer, Systems Engineer, Software Architect... There are endless variations referring to close jobs. And my manager wouldn't think of me as just a number in the company. /s > a lot of the best tools are open source That is simply NOT true. > the ability to watch as many episodes of a show as you want to watch whenever you want to watch them is VASTLY superior. Only true for shows that are not in the top 250 shows. Netflix: Offering cheap & unlimited access for everytone to shows that noone wants to watch. Good news! It's blocked by uBlock Origin and noscript. Tried it and... imagine my disappointment to find out it's ONLY connecting to youporn. "very NSFW" and "serverS" were overstatements. > I'm amazed he knew things in such detail. I mean who would know just how long a MAC address is? Not surprised by the questions. Most are [somewhat] common and not particular challenging. I am surprised by the stupid counter-answers from the recruiter thought. This guy should not be giving phone interview. > I wonder what would happen if ordinary people recruited for medical doctor jobs? Would you be comfortable rejecting a guy who'd been in medical school for 10 years based on his not knowing what the "funny bone" is? Wouldn't you tell your boss that you felt a bit out of that league? It's amazing you can get someone to do this without them going red in the face. The medical recruiter asks to see the diploma. The doctor shows his degree and gets the job. The monitoring must have funny statistics with all the ads going to .com The questions are fine for SRE. The problem is the behaviour and the expectations of the interviewer. No screenshot page. No video. => Closed the site without looking further. Not sure whether the product exists or whether this is only an announce for a future thing they are building. I saw the cards. After 30s I figured that all you have to offer is the ability to write a 3x5cm sticky note. Useless. Ain't paying for it. (not to mention redundant with Trello) I worked in a 50 people company and I understand the issues with following other people's work. That is a real problem to me. A sticky note is of no help, if there is a workflow around that thing, I don't see it and it's not explained. A useful reminder for these situations: The best way to resist temptation is to give in to it. Waiting to see the price list. AWS + VmWare is gonna break the sky. Clueless engineers. The AWS instances don't fail more often or any differently than old school servers. Source: I've got hundreds I am familiar enough with that. Traditional datacenters are a money sink and anything will do cheaper, more reliable and easier to manage. But why AWS + VmWare? That makes no sense. If you want to have special snowflakes, you go for SoftLayer + VmWare. You can be as exotic as you want with that. Otherwise, just use AWS. And you get the benefit of all the services that VMWare don't and can't provide. (servers, storage, load balancer, databases...). Better, go for GCE. It's the same as AWS for 20-50% cheaper. :D AWS + VmWare is the worst of any world. It's not even a real solution. It's an experimental idea waiting to be released and go though years of bugfix/improvements. I can't think of any need for which "AWS + VmWare" would be the right choice. Big vSphere shops with large investments in vSphere should stay in their private datacenters. It's not worth migrating everything. If they want to innovate. They can move to IBM SoftLayer + VmWare on top, which is allegedly a solid offering, while keeping their ways of doing things. My bad. I didn't get that you were talking about the built-in vSphere HA. This thing is truly amazing =) I thought it was the usual complain about AWS instances dying and needing to be replaced on regular basis. That thing is a myth. An instances can run for years without any issues, if noone stops it manually. The topic is not hybrid cloud. The topic is to have a single AWS cloud that is running VmWare on top of the amazon servers. The case is to go AWS or stay where you are. If a company has a HUGE VmWare legacy, we'd both make the case to stay on VmWare. > This isn't even a real argument. The same could be said of any new product anywhere. VmWare and AWS are both hugely complex (possibly among the most complex software on the planet). They have a different philosophy and they were never intended to fit together. The route to doing so will be filled with endless complications. We'll see how they execute. IMO they can't overcome their legacy easily, the result will be a mess. Already done :D VmWare is owned in part by EMC (or the other way around). Simple. Google makes money from search ad. Desktop users block ads. Mobile users don't. Left C 12 years ago...Came back to C this year. That's still the exact same thing. You're confirming that >90% of mobile users cannot block ads at all. You entirely missed the point. AWS is not relevant. All the issues are coming from docker. Yet the scrollbar is 5 pages long :D > How can Airbnb's revenue have almost doubled while still losing market share across the board? Trivial: Because the market size increases. More people are renting hotels/airbnb + more often + for longer durations. For starters, I believe that comparisons shouldn't oppose AirBnb and Hotels because they don't appeal to the same demographics (though there is some overlap). +1 Uber is growing the market. Just think for a second about countries and cities which did not have taxis. FYI: It's long dead in France. All of France (ignoring Paris and the top 3 biggest airports & train stations). In the 6 months I spent in Lyon (2nd city from France), I only saw a taxi once. Docker (on Linux): years of unstable releases, breaking changes and weird issues you'll only find out in production. Now available for windows! :D On the bright side. Maybe that will make finding the perfect combination (i.e. one that doesn't crash) of OS + kernel + docker version + filesystem easier because there is limited diversity on Windows. Stop looking at hotels chains. This is just wrong. First, huge hotel chains are an American thing, the rest of the world (Europe in particular) is managed by many smaller players for which you cannot have numbers. Second, the American chains are a fairly stable and fixed business limited by physical buildings, AirBnb is worldwide and extending to 100 countries as we speak. The current hotels vs airbnb state in America is already determined BUT only valid for America. What will be the market shares per country and cities... this has yet to be determined. Meanwhile AirBnB starting from 0% everywhere else is enough to justify growing income and revenues. Third, there could be 10 (or 100?) times money stuck in the black market. (People who pay hand-to-hand, rent to a friend of a friend, gumtree, newspapers listings and the likes). AirBnb can tap into this black market and make it emerge, whereas this space is irrelevant for hotels. You wanna talk business. Please compare numbers from hotels.com and booking.com and airbnb.com Summary: > per recommendations by NIST, issuance of SHA-1 certificates halted for the web last January. > In early 2017, Firefox will show an overridable “Untrusted Connection” error whenever a SHA-1 certificate is encountered. There was another topic on HN talking about these datacenters. Less than 50 people work in a typical datacenters. All the R&D to make the datacenter is done outside of it, in R&D centers. Suburbs are popular? You must be kidding. > "In many parts of the developed world, suburbs can be economically distressed areas, inhabited by higher proportions of recent immigrants, with higher delinquency rates and social problems. Sometimes the notion of suburb may even refer to people in real misery, who are kept at the limit of the city borders for economic, social, and sometimes ethnic reasons. An example in the developed world would be the banlieues of France, or the concrete suburbs of Sweden [...]. Thus some of the suburbs of most of the developed world are comparable to several inner cities of the U.S. and Canada." More seriously. Suburbs may be the trendy area in the English speaking world but that's not the case everywhere else. Watch out when you go to holidays/business trips abroad, there are 'suburbs' you don't wanna end up for your own safety ;) As I said before. These chains only capture a specific market: the intersection of people who live in America AND people who use hotels chains AND people who can afford hotels chain. That's a multi billion dollars audience yet only a small fraction of the global housing and rental markets. AirBnb is playing in many more markets than just competing with hotels. Thus AirBnB is two orders of magnitude smaller than booking.com and hotels.com SHA1 is perfectly fine. Warning: The above sentence may not be right in 5-10 years so they are starting to shut it down now. I personally find the schedule rather aggressive. Stop issuing certs this year, block it next year. What's the average cert lifetime? 1-2-3 years? This is gonna give some warnings. > This is why designing the interface in a language with a powerful type system provides the same quoted benefit of TDD. Yes. TDD came from developers who worked in weak/dynamic typed languages. It is mandatory to discover errors, that are otherwise discovered instantly for free by compilers in the stronger typed languages. Strangely, the TDD folks never outline this point. > A $50/month "social network"... OMG. That's one month of disposable income. UK cellphone costs: £7.50/month = 500 MB data + 250 minutes + unlimited texts £20/month = unlimited data + unlimited minutes + unlimited texts Except that the country club is local and with a bouncer at the entrance. You know who you are dealing with. Showing oneself on the internet to anyone is not really comparable. How long before your identity and all your pictures on NewSocialPlatform are available on the internet and on google search? The issue is not limited to Glacier. The "Infrequent Access" is a nightmare as well. Paying for storage, read and writes per GB and per request, rounded to 128kB blocks. WTF. Summary: Google Cloud Storage is now (significantly) cheaper, faster and more available than Amazon S3. Also, it supports multi-region whereas S3 does not. Love the direction Google Cloud is taking Also, the battery life is really good. I went away and forgot my charger and got 2 1/2 days out of it. I'm surprised that they can sell 2 days battery as a feature and have people swallow it. What's written behind my watch: "10 year battery life". And I'd add that they stopped being part of the watch market a long time ago, when they realized their cellphones were enough to read the time. The smartphone removed people from the watch market. Now it's bringing them back aboard the new [expensive] smartwatch market. This 20 years slow move should be taught in marketing and business courses. https://www.giffgaff.com/sim-only-plans Speed restrictions apply after 6GB of data usage. Coincidentally, my watch has a compass :D The article is blocked by paywall for me, even when coming from google.com The latency to the screen is fixed with no jitter. The human mind can adapt. Network latency is erratic and variable, sometimes packets are just lost. > That is not the same as having everyone's password It is for everyone who used "weebly" or any of the top 100 most common passwords. That could mean no less than 82% of users are at risk. FYI: The median time to discover a breach is "infinite". 6 months is much better than the median :D Why are you guys talking about live site and rainbow table??? The attackers have the salts and the hashes, they can brute force the hashes offline with [ocl]hashcat as they wish. Top 100 passwords * 43M accounts is only ~4B hashes to compute. We don't know what bcrypt parameters they used but we're probably talking a few hours here, maybe only a few minutes. and we should add that the technical people have probably under average interpersonal skills so it's really a bad use of their time to put them to sales. An average sales guy would do better. > [From the article] In this paper we propose a new cloud architecture that uses reconfigurable logic to accelerate both network plane functions and applications. This Configurable Cloud architecture places a layer of reconfigurable logic (FPGAs) between the network switches and the servers, enabling network flows to be programmably transformed at line rate... Network planes are done with FPGA and ASIC since a long time. Microsoft is late to the game. Who used Azure here? What's your thoughts about it? This mail is shady and not providing any critical information. Shipping 11 secret patchs? developed in 11 secret branches? to fix 11 undisclosed security issues? Not a single word about the vulnerabilities, the bugs being fixed, the impact, or the security risks. Dating and job hunting work the same. > It's likely there are far, far more candidates than jobs Nope. There are many companies and positions who just hire everyone who pass the bar. More jobs than successful candidates. Yet the companies still suck at interviewing. What looks like a good, normal, expected pace to me: Day 0 - Candidate apply This week - Phone call Next week - On site interviews Next next week - Offer letter ready to sign Of course, we have to be in touch right away after each step to arrange the details for the next step. That means we're in touch within 24-48 hours after each step. It's legal in all Europe I know about. There is a probation period, during which you can be fired in 24h without reason. Depending on the jurisdiction, The law might force to wait for the 1st day of employment to cancel the contract. Ask all your interviewers: "Would you recommend to your friends?" You know what to do when each of the 3 interviewers of your on-site give a blank stare to this question :D The IoT devices can be accessed over telnet. Out of curiosity: Is there a self destruct command? or a way to make one? It seems to me that destroying the vulnerable devices would solve the DDoS problem and gives a big kick in the face of the affected manufacturers plus a good press coverage. WTF are you talking about??? "Egress to a different Google Cloud Platform service within the same region => No charge" Source: https://cloud.google.com/compute/pricing#network Here's an old article with lots of numbers and performance graphs: http://blog.zachbjornson.com/2015/12/29/cloud-storage-perfor... That is a recurrent issue with wsj articles... Long and detailed, interesting article. I wish it had an abstract and/or a conclusion. This is really too long for regular reading. You do more MATHS :D There are models to model the risks and the potential outcomes. What is poor? What is rich? Is being poor when you can only get one iPhone per children... but cannot replace one when it accidentally falls down and break after 6 months? A 0 day vulnerability in a specific firmware from a specific vendor is an entirely different issue than having all vendors ship their devices with admin:admin as default credentials and open telnet access from the internet ;) > how much you are paid has [more] to do with negotiation skills and willingness to interview different places [than your actual ability to do your job] That is how it works indeed. Most programmers ignore that or refuse to acknowledge it. Unions can only standardize on the lowest common denominator, which is utter shit in programming jobs. What's an union gonna do? Make a law to force 10 people startups to give more than 0.001% equity and another to tell programmers that they can freely go home after 80 hours a week? > Furthermore, browser caching is highly effective and should always be used. It fits in all three optimization categories because cached resources do not have to be loaded from the server in the first place . That is incorrect. The browser issues requests for all cachable content with a last-modified-date [or similar special metadata], the webserver replies with a 304-not-modified + empty body, if the file was not updated. There are still HTTP requests sent, there is still network latency, there is still server processing involved. [Worst case scenario: For tiny JS/css/icon files, the latency might dominate everything and nullify the benefits of caching]. It gets more complex: Since a few years ago, Firefox stopped issuing HTTP requests ENTIRELY for some cached content. It speeds the load time but it causes caching issues. Last I checked, chrome and IE didn't adopt this behavior yet. That may or may not chance in the (near?) future. P.S. I felt like being pedantic about caching tonight. Otherwise, a nice article =) Personal story (P.S. I am not the author, I just worked in startups as well): For me it didn't, especially when we were not prepared for it, and we know that we couldn't take the traffic if it happened. What really killed me instead, was when our site was slowish or half-fucked during some events. And people still managed to use it harder and harder for the entire day. And we made unusual loads of money and new customers, with a crap site xD There is of course a feeling of "how much did we miss out? that must be a lot considering how much we did get.", but it's less prominent than the feeling of "how the hell did all these people manage to pay us at all? and why the fuck did they keep using the site?". That does contradict every known blog and article out there about people just leaving. To give a hint to the cache manager about when to remove the file from its storage ;) > the browser should use the cached object without making any requests. That's a common (mis)assumption, but that's not how it works in practise. Sorry ^^ I cannot comment on what was the intended behavior when HTTP caching and headers were first designed, a very long time ago. It seems to me, that is was "request everytime + get 304 if not modified, thus save the file transfer time". That's how most implementations work in my experience. Historically, transfer duration was way more problematic than latency. It's only recently that there are pages with hundreds of dependencies. --- Rails and webservers: They MUST change the filename or the application will be fucked because of caching issues, mostly because of Firefox :D NUMA = Non Uniform Memory Access "the memory access time depends on the memory location relative to the processor. Under NUMA, a processor can access its own local memory faster than non-local memory (memory local to another processor or memory shared between processors)" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-uniform_memory_access --- Don't confuse "Uniform" and "Unified". That's different words. The sentence you quoted [and try to disprove] is actually correct. Multiple cores and multiple sockets are sharing access to the RAM. If two cores wants to access it at the same time, one will have to wait. Each socket and each core have internal caches, so they don't have to wait for each other [as far as they run operations on distinct memory spaces]. Hence memory access is "Non Uniform" because the time an access will take depends on where the data is currently located. (If we really want to put "unified" in a sentence somewhere, the memory architecture of x86 is unified. The design is well defined and all system components have the same constraints.) What's the costs of living? Or what country are you from? The NY/SV are expensive, as-in the most expensive places in the world. People there can only be paid the money they are paid because they are in a crazy place. It's understandable that remote work worldwide doesn't match up with that. Anywhere else is cheaper, the range goes from half to 10x cheaper. So, what country are you from? what's your rate? The point being. If upwork can only pay enough for the bottom 20% income bracket in the world. It is indeed terribly inappropriate for most of HN readers. I'll slightly disagree with the view about "the race to the bottom". Most of the market is always in the bottom, whatever the market is. Upwork/elance/whatever just make it stand out. Most of the work is low paying shit by shit clients who have no clue what they are doing. (Nothing special. It's the same with physical companies to physically work at :D). As a decent freelancer who wanna do decent work for a decent client, you've gotta filter aggressively. Existing applications will work in the cloud. There is no need to use the fancy cloud stuff (multi region, auto scaling...) if it's not needed [or not possible]. At the minimum, renting an instance in AWS or GCE is equivalent to renting a physical server. Applications don't care what's the brand of the server they're running on. If you only have 3 years in a single place for a single job in a single technology, you're not much "experienced". How to get better compensated and not pigeonholed => Simple. Change job every 1-3 years. Wordpress.com: - free - just works - handle all the traffic it gets without any issues (a HN first page can send 10k viewers in a few hours) - good stats, decent analytics - all common wordpress plugins preconfigured - good themes ready in one click - good indexing in google - good reputation (who doesn't trust whatever.wordpress.com?). ##### Shit you make yourself: - Start paying $5/month to digital ocean and $15/year for the domain. Get none of the above. :D #Just my experience Any people can open a blog. NOT any people can fill it with good content ;) What is a PR??? Not sure whether I'm not part of the main audience or the acronym is not as common as you think. Just open one file of these, PyCharm will display a nice popup "A plugin is available to support . Would you like to get it?" Yes! It worked for ini, dockerfile and terraform HCL (which I consider more exotic than the languages you gave). Not sure whether shell and Makefile were a plugin or already present out of the box. > Cloud instances (typically) have far lower availability than physical servers. This is common belief that is just plain wrong. Servers can stay online for years without issues, same things on AWS and physical servers. > They also have no (cheap) persistence across VM evictions. I don't even understand that this sentence mean. You can start by explaining what is "VM eviction"? Whatever it is. Physical servers have no soft of failover or persistence for when one server suddenly dies. People started migrating from physical servers to virtualized more than 10 years ago (i.e. VmWare). AWS/GCE are not fundamentally different. I recalled that the google study was debunked. Long story short: Google makes money on ads, only shown on the top of the page. Showing 1 page with 30 results is only 1 batch of ads. Showing 3 pages with 10 results is 3 batch of ads (well, on the people who go past the first page). Of course loading 30 results is slower than 30. Some articles quickly turned the study into "500ms more will destroy 20% of your revenue" but the Google study was never about that. > 53% of mobile site visits are abandoned if pages take longer than 3 seconds to load Well. 100% of web page needs more than 3 seconds to load on my mobile connection. We'll both agree that I ain't a statistically fair sample. I join @icebraining on that we need information that is relevant to the mobile web. [2] is behind a paywall. [3] is quoting all the common worthless old studies. There are some graphs and stuff but lacking test methodologies and information. Graphs are showing a few percent of gains, and latencies going from 1s to 10s, which is a lot less effect than other studies. [4] is out of topic and gives no data. (x% of what? absolute latency? before? after? well, they didn't test for latency and impact on revenue) > I tend to think (from experience) that the reason banks don't embrace modern tech is inertia A lot of inertia. A lot of new-hype-tech is unreliable undocumented shit not ready for production. A lot of new-tech-is-old-tech that's been done for many years but with a new name. Whenever someone asks "why don't you use Docker for xxx?" Reply with "When is the last time you had an issue with Docker? Tell me about it." You'll LOVE the horror stories An EC2 VM is not like a physical server in that it will not continue to run indefinitely until something breaks. Sorry to contradict but an EC2 VM does run indefinitely until something breaks ;) There are differences in physical storage between local disks, SAN, NAS, Network Storage, NFS, EBS volumes and Google Volume. A sysadmin should know the characteristics of these, doesn't matter whether it's cloud tech or own tech or homelab tech. People with all this knowledge are rare and expensive, yet critical for major migrations to go well. I can understand that this is an obstacle for major migrations to the cloud (and a benefit for my payroll). > You've just said "There is no need... if it's not needed". I think it's VERY important for legacy migrations. A migration should be done starting with the fundamentals, progressing in stages. All articles and talks focus on shiny bleeding edge stuff, which is only the latest stage(s). Depending on the applications and organization, this stage may or may not be worthwhile, it should or should NOT be a goal in the first place. > If it is not possible to use the surrounding services your application is probably a poor fit for a cloud platform. It can become prohibitively expensive to try to directly replicate your physical datacenter architecture on a cloud platform. I'm talking to clients who have to run their own datacenter right now and want to migrate. It is prohibitively expensive. It doesn't matter whether the application is abstracted on bare metal, on VmWare or on AWS. There's still physical hardware down the chain that calls for maintenance. When the physical hardware require maintenance everything on top is fucked or need to be moved. For planned maintenance: - If you're bare metal. You cannot migrate to a working server. - If you're virtualized, you have to stop the service and restart on another host. - If you're virtualized on GCE or vSphere datacenter, they'll migrate the VM live while it's running. GCE has supported live migrations for multiple years. VmWare supports that for about 10 years (yep, no kidding ^^) > VMs have to deal with servers dying plus evictions plus control and management plane failures, which significantly reduces the availability of a single instance. So strictly speaking, cloud instances typically have lower availability than physical machines. Bare metal servers have to deal with hardware dying plus evictions plus control and management plane failures, which significantly reduces the availability of a single server. So strictly speaking, cloud instances and physical servers are the same thing. They both live on physical hardware. What's the point of capturing and storing 40 Gb/s of network traffic? Interesting. In France major cities outside Paris, I'd expect a 150-250k flat to be 600-800 euros/month in rent. If you pay only 380€ per month for rent, it's really not worth buying. > business software pricing will rise by 13 percent and cloud services will see a 22 percent increase. HN title was misleading. The GBP was high early this year. Then it took 10% hit over time + 10% hit on the brexit day + 10% recently when some political idiot announced that they'd proceed with Brexit next year. As much as I hate pricing changes, and find companies to be quick to adjust price upward but not downward. I have to admit that there is a bottom price window that will call for aggressive adjustment from international buyers/sellers. Maybe it's reached already. People will have to live with the consequences. Same. A recurrent issue with WSJ articles. Or just brick all the IoT devices. It's easier, faster, more effective. ;) I recall an era where boxes came with default firewall rules to block telnet, SSH, windows shares, SMTP. * 24 days since the release of the botnet source code. * 3 days since the latest major DDoS attack. No device has been bricked so far. No counter attack yet. Waiting for the next news... That's the issue. It's blocking traffic erratically. It doesn't help to go through google, or to go through private browser + Google :( Even if you can capture the traffic at wire speed, the CPU doesn't have the power to analyse the stream. I thought that traffic analysers had to be done with FPGA/ASIC because of that. IMO: It had no effect on high end tech jobs. From the recruiters I talked to recently, it had no effect. From the interviews I had recently, it had no effect. Still recruiting and expanding. One of my past company recently interviewed with journalists to announce that they are extending their operations and opening a new office in the USA. The next day the news published an article " is leaving the UK after the Brexit". I'll let you imagine the surprise when we discovered the article the next morning. That's just 100% wrong and misleading. I'm now willing to extrapolate that 90% of brexit announcements are fake invented by journalists for sensationalism. Nothing is happening, really. ----- Regarding the GBP exchange rate. As in all the major cities in the world, most of the income goes to pay the rent. The rent is in local currency, unaffected by USD-EUR-GBP rate. We might hit a +10% on food price (and gaz) in a near future. It might get harsh[er] for big families and low income jobs, it's fine for people with good salaries. (Not to mention free catered lunches at tech jobs :D) How many devices are recalled? What percentage of the DDoS were they responsible for? Not enough information. > An attacker could repeat the undefined plaintext warning packets of "SSL3_AL_WARNING" during the handshake, which will easily make to consume 100% CPU on the server. > It is an implementation problem in OpenSSL that OpenSSL would ignore undefined warning, and continue dealing with the remaining data(if exist). So the attacker could pack multiple alerts inside a single record and send a large number of there large records. Then the server will be fallen in a meaningless cycle, and not available to any others. SSL3 is vulnerable and should be banned in the webserver's configuration. It stopped being supported by major browsers years ago. The article doesn't say if webservers are vulnerable when they block SSL3 entirely. If so, it's the hell of a critical vulnerability! Otherwise, http://disablessl3.com/ Game used to have an option "vote to kick player X". That is uber effective against teamkillers and abusers ;) You can't compare that. Drugs is easier to use, doesn't require training, and works all the time. Then I should replace "idiot" by much worse words. Firm will not relocate magically. It's simply not possible to get rid of 1000 people and a big building in the blink of an eye. That would require to hurt the economy and the companies very badly, bringing down hundreds of thousands of jobs and millions of people along. If the MP really hinted at that, it's no wonder that the pound took -10% right afterwards. :( Use packer for EVERYTHING https://www.packer.io/ => better tools + avoid locking As a benefit, you use ansible/chef/puppet for the installation and configuration (instead of Dockerfile). You can reuse your scripts. As a benefit, you generate any output DockerImage/AWS-AMI/VmWare/VirtualBox. You have more flexibility. (e.g. Make an AMI for auto scaling groups + make a docker image for test environment). > This would be a lot more compelling if it included testimonials from actual projects bitten by any of the arguments against docker. Disclaimer: I am not affiliated with the author. I just experience endless issues with docker in production. Enough to write a book. (just testing future audience for the book) That, I can provide in a separate blog post! :D What selection of bugs would you be interested in? - Critical linux kernel bugs killing the host when running docker - Containers crashing and corrupting all data on the mounted directories [from the host drive] - Worldwide outage of docker.com killing all CI pipeline in the world for 7 hours straight - More critical linux kernel bugs destroying the docker host - Major breaking changes in docker and docker API (usually between all minor versions), breaking all existing stuff - Randomly dropping critical features, distribution and filesystem support (to the point where there is actually NO filesystem supported by Docker on some distribution. No kidding xD) - Various DNS fuckups (special issues on Ubuntu) - No build-in commands to free disk space of old containers/images (this one is major hassle) > Free trial - Buy for $24.95 Ouch. You're talking about the plot from the foundations series of books, by Isac Asimov. Where's the line between sci-fi and reality. One foundation will keep all of human knowledge, while the universe goes at war for 1000 years straight. Spoiler Alert: A second foundation, secret and hidden even from the first one, will keep all of human knowledge as well and protect the first one. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundation_series First line: "Just so we’re clear, this post is a thought experiment, not any form of commitment to deliver Go 2.0 in any time frame. While I personally believe there will be a Go 2.0 in the future, I’m in no position to influence its creation; hence, this post is mere speculation." WhatsApp is a simple, single purpose app. It's not a complex engineering problem at all. Maybe it could be if it were done in the year 2000. It is not nowadays. [Granted, there is still work to be done to make a decent product, they had great people and they executed very well.] > What often kills companies with slowish growth is that they lose their best people to other companies with a more dynamic environment. Till the best people get tired of stuff everchanging and breaking, combined with the lack of resources and the 70 hours startup week. Then they drop the 'dynamic environment' and come back to Big Goompany :D 3800 employees, $2700M spent a year. That's 700k per employee. IT'S FREAKING INSANE! There are only 4 tech companies in the world who ever made more than $700k in revenue per head, in any recent years: SoftBank, Microsoft, Google, Apple http://uk.businessinsider.com/top-tech-companies-revenue-per... From my experience working across both industries: Software is harder than hardware (generally speaking). The root cause is that hardware has clear purpose and is limited by the real world. An aircraft from 2015 or from 2000 does the same thing: Get you from Point A to Point B, same world, same constraints, same goal. A software that does something today. It doesn't give any clue about what it will be or do in 2-5-10 years. IMO: Software projects are way more ambitious, more complex and evolving faster than hardware. What is expected from software is NOT expected (nor achievable) in hardware at all, that's one of the first thing I noticed. --- Nonetheless, hardware can run software onboard. So you get hardware and software dev projects, both running along. That get some quirks of both world. IMO, the hardware [and real world] limitations will quickly limit the software. > ESA is keen to stress that overall, the ExoMars mission can be seen as a triumph: Schiaparelli sent back test data from the majority of its descent, and its sister craft — the Trace Gas Orbiter — successfully manoeuvred into Martian orbit. How to turn a failure into a success: Just call it a success. We've got that coming as well, with drones. /s Good point! Let's remove the pilot cabin. Save space and weight. As a matter of fact, yes. Any clue on how many devices we are talking about? Any names of known public manufacturers that sold rebranded Xiongmai devices? Any name/model of particular popular IoT devices that are affected? Summary: > a human driver accompanied the beer delivery, but his driving services were only used to get on and off the highway. The driver rode most of the way in the back of the truck, away from the controls. > A 120-mile Colorado beer delivery, 45,000 cans of Budweiser beer > Budweiser paid the market rate of $470 for the historic beer run DevOps is for web companies. Or at least companies who have devs AND ops (whatever they are called). A pure hardware firm have no 'operations' in the strict sense. They don't produce systems, they don't require sysadmins. [There are guys to buy desktop computers and handle the active directory but that's really a different thing]. Twitter and Wikipedia were created more than 10 years ago. It was way more challenging at the time. Just think about the infrastructure for example. There was no SoftLayer/AWS to save your ass. You had to handle servers/hardware on your own. That alone could use a (small) company. > Company has [only] sold 45.5m iPhones in current quarter, down 5% from last year Perpetual unlimited growth is not possible. How surprising? From I recall from past French cases. 33% is not enough to enforce a non compete. That won't held in a court. Google Cloud 1 - Amazon AWS 0 You gotta pay 10% on top of your bill to have Trusted Advisor. (that's part of the pro support plan). Last I checked there was no advice on instance size. I've seen one or two, nothing meaningful. There are lots of advice for reserving instances though, and they are extremely poor. Listening to them would be a good way for us to waste $10k/month :D > However, having used Big Query extensively at my startup, getting external data into it via Google Cloud Storage was a royal pain in my balls. More annoying that loading data into S3 for RedShift? Given this description, that doesn't seem any worse than the AWS support. /s DNS is a rather simple service that was always meant to be run internally. The question you should ask is why did these companies used an external DNS in the first place? A new article got just published to say that it was done by script kiddies from hackforums I assume the topic is Docker orchestration to automatically start/stop/restart/kill/roll upgrade/canary/bluegreen the servers. If you are on AWS, use auto scaling groups. It achieves more than these software, it works and it's stable. (Bonus: you don't need docker at all). If you are on GCE, use Google Container Engine (i.e. their kubernetes). That's the only [sane] way to have kubernetes running in production. I'm planning a blog post about all that later. Forget about MongoDB, it's terrible choice for 99% of projects. Use PostgreSQL. Because we need it of course! Either we got GCE/AWS or we gotta recreate it on bare metal with VmWare :D If you're a [very] small company with limited resources (and limited needs?) to the point of living on a cheap featureless hosting provider, you should forget about Kubernetes and Mesos. They're hell to setup, don't waste your time with that. What's the scale of your operations? How many servers? How much budget for hardware? How many applications? How many devs? How many ops? Maybe open another question, with more details. More people will catch up if you're lucky. > To execute the attack, a bad actor scans for servers with an open 389 port, which supports Connectionless LDAP-based data communication. The adversary then sends queries to these servers, using a spoofed IP address. The server will then send its voluminous response to that spoofed address, bombarding the recipient. [...] amplification factor of 46x C and c++ were close to the only language available some 10-30 years ago. There is still lot of legacy to work on. Java is superior to everything else. Go and C# only came in much later. Javascript is the only language supported by browsers. It's not pop culture, there are real historical and practical reasons for them to be where they are. [I'll try to make it simple, ignoring edge cases and real world complexity] You can't outsource DNS. It's one of the critical piece of networking that must be in every infrastructure. The common DNS server is BIND. It's been there for 30 years, it's well known, well manageable and well understood. Sysadmins have to know it and manage it. It's especially critical for worldwide multi-site tech organizations. There is no need for anything else. BIND can do everything and is the most flexible. Some of the alternatives lack some or most of the features (e.g. some type of DNS records). You should assume that any organization is running it's own DNS servers. (ignore the edge cases). --- In practise for large scale operations, the DNS tree will get very complex. What the websites changed was only the public DNS server for reddit.com or airbnb.com. It's only the top of the iceberg. There is likely a very complex DNS setup underneath including public domains, private domains, special internal domains, CDN, per datacenter, per continent, etc... which could imply 10 different DNS services. Who serves the top level public domain is a details. We should assume that the companies put whatever they could in little time to fix the ongoing issue. MongoDB is never acceptable. Let's make this short and concise. [edit: fail. This answer is crazy long. Seriously, this topic should be covered in a book. I'll write one some day] --- ONE DECISION RULE TO RULE THEM ALL: SQL databases are easier to use and maintain than NoSQL databases. Always use SQL when possible, only use NoSQL when forced to. --- If you have less than 1 TB of data, you should use a normal SQL database. It's the easiest to use, it runs on a single node, it supports "JOINS", it supports transactions, it fits all the most common needs. The usual free SQL choice is PostgreSQL. Sometimes it's MySQL instead (mostly for the Apache+PHP+MySQL stack for which there is cheap hosting service available). --- If you have more than 1 TB of data, you have to use a NoSQL database. (Cassandra, ElasticSearch, Riak) They support splitting data and operations over multiple nodes which is necessary to handle this scale. The downside is that they can't support joins nor transactions because of that. --- Never use MongoDB. 99% of projects should use a traditional SQL database as per the major rule. The project is simple enough, SQL is fine! The 1% of complex web scale projects MUST NOT use MongoDB under any circumstances. MongoDB has know reliability and scalability issues that WILL lead to disaster. Use either ElasticSearch or Cassandra instead (depending on the usage). What is AR? Twitter is massively profitable. It makes billions in advertising. (for every $1 twitter make, it spends $2, so their accounting is deep in the negative. But if they fire half the people (who are useless anyway) and stop spending money like madmen, they'll be positive, VERY POSITIVE. thanks to advertising revenues.) And here comes the paywall. Can't read it from direct link, can't read it from web link, can't read it from private browsing. :-( They can't buy first and fire people afterwards. The cleansing would have dire effect on the alphabet parent company. Having half the guys around you laid off [or about to be] is not what I would call "ticking along comfortably". Twitter is not a 100 000 people company where there's a 300 people division being restructured. It's a major management failure that needs at least 50% of lay off. At this scale, it will reflect to the entire environment and all the employees. As I said. It's a simplification. I really don't (and can't) get into a long explanation here about how to run a complex DNS infrastructure spanning multiple continents and datacenters ^^ Thing is. You gotta to run your own DNS since the moment you want your own DNS names. Good for you if a simple external DNS service is enough for you, a single 20 people office is not comparable to what the websites mentioned are operating. Or they can repeat the process till they have 20% left ;) No they didn't. Most likely their employees have no clue what they could get elsewhere, or they better take that job here first than wait 2 months for another offer elsewhere, or they needed to be in city X before moving to a better company, or... Random number: 50% of employees consider their employment as a stepping stone. Busting your ass WHILE expecting a reward, is a sucker. The reward usually never materializes. You shouldn't do overwork in the first place. Well, if 99% of the book was freely available for viewing on 9 other websites than Amazon, I bet that people would complain A LOT for being given a link to Amazon instead of one of the numerous readable sites. It's over 9000 > our brightest minds should be working in finance The amount of people who recommend that is staggering. Lesson learnt: I need to get into finance... > Why is it fair to expect this? On what grounds is the universe obligated to provide this? So that there can be a nice message 'This website requires JavaScript to operate.". I can relate, I remember once a few years ago while I was analysing a program. I spent hours reverse engineering one of the custom cryptographic function, it looked like nothing I ever saw... then I realized it was Base64 :D It's good logic to poach good people in the industry who already got a job. It's bad logic to accept and grow people from other industries. Corollary: Other companies refuse to hire people on the basis that they charge too much. Tip: https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/07/13/cracking-the-hack... HackerRank are simple exercices which can be done in a few minutes to one hour [online IDE, short single-file code]. It's trivial for anyone who can program, [except the screening tests in limited time with hard (or custom) exercises]. The bootcamp people with good ranking are likely people who started programming a long time ago, but never professionally. It's a given that they must be able to solve simple exercises. Do not bother testing the hard stuff. Test for the easy to average stuff. e.g. Ask people to print numbers from 1 to 10. Then kick the 20% of applicants who couldn't do that :D Source: I had to correct a batch of HackerRank tests for one company. Theory: ALWAYS Encrypt. No exception. Don't let software go into production if it's not. Practise: Always encrypt. Aw wait... what do you mean "tls is not supported?" Are you saying that half of our applications have been running on bare HTTP for years?. Mehhhh. Well, all our public accessible websites are running on HTTPS, right? Right. Guess it's only half a disaster after all:( In my experience. Audio has always been flawless with VmWare Workstation and VmWare Player (to run VM on a Windows host). Don't know about audio in VmWare vSphere, I don't use remote servers to play music :D VirtualBox = a poor VmWare, full of bugs and incompatibilities. We are not going backwards. Only Apple is. Just a normal video accelerated 1000x of guys putting books on the shelves of a public library (after it was closed for renovation and all books removed). Expected much better given the title. That is terribly disappointing. That makes sense. Big-O notation is so overrated. A little bit of history: C++ programmers were always able to choose the right containers simply by using this image, since long before the invention of Big-O. http://homepages.e3.net.nz/~djm/containerchoice.png Because username and password is a disaster for security. It's sole purpose is let ANY guy ANY where on the planet connect to your account. SIM cards are cryptographic hardware tokens. They are much more secure than passwords. In fact, they do need a password as well on top of the hardware token, that's the 'PIN code' you have to enter when you (re)boot your phone. > how to resist temptation when your hormones are acting up and that cute new girl is giving you the look. The best way to resist temptation is to give in to it :D There is no added complexity. Just buy a SIM card and put it in your phone. It is very simple and straightforward. The alternatives are worse in usability AND security. Yeah. It's recurrent in contracting firms. But it makes sense for contracting firms. People get billed no matter whether they do (or can do) anything. The ability to execute is not part of the job. Do you take it bad when an exercise is to print numbers from 1 to 10 (inclusive)? :D Then repeat, with a function to print numbers from 1 to n (given as argument). As a matter of fact yes. To have been in a country where there are "high" minimum wages, the low value added jobs are the first going away because they're too expensive for what they are. Cleaning service is one of them. With an increase to minimum wages, the housing price will increase and they'll still be homeless. We could argue that the increase may also impact people who earned more, the one at the limit won't be able to afford their places anymore and will become homeless. As a sr. dev manager, you should be the first to understand the point of HackerRank because you're expected to give interviews yourself. When 33% of applicants can't write a program to solve 3 numbers, HackerRank becomes a mandatory step. Stupid question: Outside of the maths heavy documents, could markdown or restructuredtext be a substitute to Latex nowadays? It is a lot easier to learn and use. And make sure your browser is updated as well ^^ I think the fear is that they would ask for more money and/or they'd repeat the ransom again later. Homepathy is 100% effective against NOT distributing antibiotics at large to people who don't need them. Patient don't want to go away without getting medicine? Here! Take some homeopathy and everyone's happy :D There is such a place. That's called London and the language is English. Source: Me and the dozens of tech people I meet every days who have left their countries to come here. Brexit doesn't matter. The brains are already here. The companies are already here. The language is English. There is no other place in Europe who can compete with that. Useful commands for everyday GitHub usage: # apt-get remove git # apt-get install svn Then use svn. You can receive and send code to GitHub. GitHub is fully svn compatible =) That can be especially handy for non-tech folks who would have an impossible time with git. I would argue that a 'lead' would work with the juniors and need to code to help them whereas a 'manager' would not need to code. The role name may vary between company, but I believe we can agree that there are different roles to fill. > Imagine if all processes running under the same user shared the same address space! I recall that's how it worked under windows 95/98 (and the older OS). At first skyscrapers (or generally new housing) are expensive. They attract the more wealthy people, freeing their current locations for other people. That makes a lot of new housing, which is always good when there isn't enough. The effects comes in later. People with enough money to afford the best new buildings refuse to live in the older ones. The price of the older places go down (or at least is put down by the new building). Fast forward 30 years. The "old skyscrapers" are not the best place anymore, there are newer better places, they become more affordable, while the newest place is more expensive. (who knows what will be the expected standard of living in 30 years?) That's long term planning. You need luxury skyscrapers now to control pricing later for the cheaper buildings. 22% of your income ONLY. OMG. Paying around 50% here (plus another many percent paid directly by the employer). Note that I'm in Europe. Well, I know secondary cities where the price are going down. Over time, the new constructions pushed down the prices of the older ones. In SF/NY. There is so much immigration and lack of housing that prices won't go down any time soon, but the rise would at least be slowed down by new taller buildings. IMO. Amazon marketplace is a disaster. What brought me to use Amazon a long time ago was that they were selling themselves. It was one of the first reputable seller on the internet, that soon sold all kind of stuff. It was much better than buying from a dozen of unknown weird sites (depending on the product) for which I didn't have an account. Now it's mayhem. There is no guarantee who is selling the thing, where it's coming from or what is the product I'm buying BUT everything is advertised as AMAZON.com. I might as well buy stuff on eBay. At least it's clear who's selling. Well, the fire is proof that it was a genuine latest generation Samsung battery. /s a) The manufacturer must at least reimburse the damages he's done with his product. Otherwise anyone can manufacture explosive broken fire-trigerring devices. There's no point of making a device 'safe' if a $1 device can't pay back more than $1. The only incentive is to make stuff cheap, ignore safety, risks and regulation. If the manufacturer must close, so be it. Better that than dead people. b) The scale is American. They sue for very high amount (higher than just the reimbursement), as the previous poster was explaining. If you take it like that, my numbers are off as well. They were for the usual bracket of income :D If I make more than 200k€ here. The higher bracket is 58.75% of taxes (+66k€ paid directly by the employer to the state). Yes. It hurts the business badly. That's why there aren't many manufacturers in business and they are all big. Even more so in the USA, because the law is retarded and people could sue for stupid reasons and win ^^ It seems that here the trick is to attack Amazon instead of the device manufacturer. The damages are scaled for Amazon size. They are no different. It's just that noone sued yet. Wait for an attack to Brick the vulnerable IoT devices and then the class actions will begin :D That's a viable solution. Except that it relies on an implicit: The end user must be able to identify the shit devices. We could help that right away, by bricking all the vulnerable IoT devices. The media will then inform of what manufacturers and models were affected :D Please... the automotive market is a joke. They have the experience and the product lines vetted for military and aerospace. That's a different league entirely. > all you need is a valid ISIC card. Too bad for non American non UK students. I was about to answer VLC and then I red your answer and realized I'm lagging 10 years behind. Is there any popular hardware that is PowerPC? I wish AWS were just simpler. Then there wouldn't be a need to have that kind of complex external services on top of it. > single horizontally-scaled server Quick edit: That's vertical scaling if you have a single server that you make bigger. > Can someone chime in why hosting this behind Cloudflare is a bad idea? It's not a bad idea. Who said that? Put your blog behind cloudflare. It will cache most of the requests and save a lot of load and bandwidth on your instances. What's serious traffic? The first page of HN can send 10k users to a blog in about one hour. (don't know the peak rate per second). Indeed. SSD don't fragment. "Fragmentation" is a property of rotating devices. All Thinkpad laptops can support at least 3 different screens. The default shipped screens are okay-ish. The IPS displays have a reputation of good quality but you gotta pay extra. Purchasability AND limited choice. They're both part of the success. > This problem of tracking changes around which boxes are available is called service discovery. We use a tool called Consul from HashiCorp to do service discovery. Nope, that's called health checks, and that's a job for load balancers :p How about OVH, online, GoDaddy, Digital Ocean, Linode??? That's a naughty article ignoring all the old players. I'd love to see the bill of materials for that. Its _only_ running 2 PHP instances + 2 RDS instances + EBS storage costs + S3 buckets fees + ELB fees + CloudFront fees + traffic costs. SFTP and CSV are robust and simple. That's solid choices. They are not competing directly but their numbers is still important to know the market(s). They are big companies with many customers, they shouldn't be dismissed. FYI: You can run a professional blog on wordpress.com for about $100 a year (highest plan) and it will take millions of visitors. The smallest production instance on AWS is about $100 a month (c4.large) for 1 core (+intel HT) + 4GB ram + a few GB of EBS volume. The setup requires at least 4 hosts, thus that's a start price of $400 a month + the other fees (hardly 10% more :D). It's f * insane to pay more than $400 per month to run a blog. No matter the traffic. Hope you're still here. Comments and feedback welcome. https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/11/01/docker-in-product... I personally don't get the point of having the CEO in most big companies. Noone knows who it is. Noone has ever heard anything from him. Noone would even recognize him as CEO if he messaged or talked to them. Because t2 are NOT production instances. They are cheap, overrallocated, burstable instances with a low quota of CPU usage (about 10% for a t2.micro). They can burst over the quota for short period of time and they can be interrupted for short period of time. In short, the instance can pause anytime and stop processing traffic. Try running a production database on that see where it gets you ;) Wordpress.com is more available, more stable and more dependable than a hacky setup on AWS you made yourself. Not to mention that guys who can do that kind of custom setup are going for $150-300k a year nowadays. And it's gonna take man*months of work and maintenance. To have done [a bit] of both. I doubt that. That's a tough position to recruit for currently. Let's all be positive and suppose that they always had real vacancies in there :D Damn. That's more than I got when I started in London. Should have picked Berlin instead. 34kE for a new master's graduate is rather low in Paris. It's rather high for the rest of the country. See here for discussion about French salaries. http://www.developpez.net/forums/f597/emploi-etudes-informat... That's the main french forum for professional developers tips & tricks & career advice & salaries. Can you make 6 figures in Berlin? (In London, it's doable) I hope you're not saying "low pay" because you compare to the USA. The Europe and the USA are not in the same league, they shouldnt be compared. That's what mine do at my current company, he's fine. (Startup around 80 people now). In my past 3 companies (from 100 to 100 000), I have never heard of the CEO once, don't know any name, not sure there is one, if there is one he might as well not exist. It sure ain't a person and ain't a symbol. For some people, it's actually a demoralizing symbol of "A useless employee making xM$ for nothing. He shouldn't be there." Gotta adapt when adblocking is going over 50%. Too much money at play, can't be ignored ;) No it doesn't. (or it could but is not used by uBlock currently). Source: Hum. Personal experience. How could there be there be a NetFlix for porn??? Everything is already available for free. Nah. TV shows can be hard to find (especially right after release) and of variable quality, plus the sites can be very shady with worse ads/adware than all porn sites combined [not to mention that they tend to be closed or ISP blocked fairly often]. Porn is reliably served by many _respectable_ sites. Yes. Working since 1 year for one of the company regularly posting in the "Who's hiring". I am not familiar with the area. Feel free to open a topic in the aforementioned forum, they'll know better . > When Office 365 came out, I mostly compared the price to Google Apps and didn't really think Office 365 brought that much value. Opposite here. Forced to use Google Apps to write documents and it's a pain in the arse. Wish I had Office. - Don't touch for a while. Wait for things which are still alive in a few years. - Learn & use new things which are in demand by companies (especially, the ones you'd like to work for). - Run pilot/trial/research to find new tools to solve current issues we face. I think you can use (x)inetd. It's a linux wrapper, it listens to port X and calls an application everytime it gets a new connection. The application will receive the HTTP requests in stdin. You'll need a parsing library to parse the request and generate a valid answer. It's really old and deprecated technology but it's rather simple. Text version is here. https://tools.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4086.txt The IETF always published raw text with ASCI art. Then there are nicer HTML and PDF, with links, table of contents and nice formatting. It's good to me. I've changed jobs because of linkedin message before. I also use it to keep track and keep in touch with previous coworkers. What if the UI is made for "normal" people and the highest option is "$150,000k+" /s Nope. Lots of places can't pay that money. They'll still try to interview and hire people but they can't compete. There is a very wide range of salary, skill and experience in tech. A single figure is not of much use. If anything it might be ruined by the vast majority of cheap companies (i.e. outside of Google/Apple/Facebook/... ) > hundreds of one percent Sounds like a reasonable offer :D Ada ain't dead. It's still in use for some aircraft systems, not all of which are military. Did you try that? I am experiencing so many issues with Docker and current kernels. I can only envision an attempt to run RedHat 4.1 over a modern system as a recipe for disaster. MS is already fixing exploits and publishing patches regularly. Well... why give more if they accept that? [definitely what the employers are thinking] > ... would give CloudFlare the possibility to run a MITM on many, many domains A CDN is operating as a man in the middle, by design. It doesn't even make sense to take about "MITM" in the context of CDN. If you have a problem with that, don't sign up to a CDN. > Him: shoves thing in a dockerfile > Him: realizes that existing data is destroyed every time the app is restarted because containers are ephemerals Need a book and a design pattern name for that. It will make it easier to sell to management and to train new employees about. > What kind of issues you have got into? I would like to hear from you. See my blog post here. https://thehftguy.wordpress.com/2016/11/01/docker-in-product... Volumes are tied to a machine. That's kinda ruining the point of docker ^^ Doesn't have to be the same thing, it just has to be correlated enough. I wouldn't call 4 interviews a superstar. It's really doable, a bit of skill + a bit of luck for the first interviews + a hiring bar set at 'junior' cuz he's young :D > Microsoft, Google or Facebook because I wouldn't pass their technical interview. Well, they're far from the ones with the hardest interviews. You need both. Whatever experience you have, it won't get you through the door if you give less than a single sentence as a cover letter. Whatever cover letter you have, it won't get you through the door if you have no experience in your resume. Have some experiences + have a few sentences cover letter. That's the magic recipe. If you have any less than that, you're going with a disadvantage. What do you mean by "strong" "borderline" and "homework"? Disclaimer: That's a random recruiting firm. 40k and 42k are definitely not average salary (at least not for anyone who can do an interview on a whiteboard). People get that out of [good] colleges for a first job, ignoring the students who do get more than that. Honestly, all London companies who posted salary range are quite unimpressive... The ones around £40k are not even trying to recruit. Two questions: How much do they pay? Where are they located? That should be enough to determine if they have any chance at success. --- I worked for government projects in a small European country. It was actually a decent job in a decent company. I could recommend to people to work there. Salary and perks were average for the area, shit for the world (not much room to do better in the area, no great companies). IMO: In the major USA locations, this has absolutely no chance to work. There are numerous tech companies who will offer better pay, better work conditions and better perks. Anyone will a brain cell would just go to a tech company and avoid government like the plague. And if someone wanna try anyway, he'll quickly realize that all his peers are elsewhere, and he's gotta leave to join them. All salaries data from my current company + [Counter] offers from other companies for people who are either joining us,leaving us or being poached. Nothing I can publish I'm afraid ^^ It ranges from junior out of college to senior with many years of experience. That only includes people who can FizzBuzz though. IMO: I'm a firm believer that anyone with a clue who's offered 35k£ for that kind of role should just stand up, thanks the interviewer and leave. Meanwhile for the young tech immigrant in the UK: "Well, time to move to another European country... oh wait, they're all economically f * and have no jobs for me. Well, gonna stay in the UK for a bit longer, see how it goes." In the same topic, dunno if it applies to cassandra. I've seen some databases work in "append only" mode. They write new data to the end of the file. They never erase existing data. It's generally a very efficient write patterns (even on good old spinning drives) and it allows to always write in batch. On the opposite, read are expensive, they require to "find" stuff from various places and read it and verify it and [if configured] repeat on multi nodes to compare the values. As a matter of fact, yes... that's a "common" very advanced optimization. I've mostly seen it for load balancers. Pin the network card interrupt on one core and the load balancer on another. Your own implementation of an algorithm is also a cliche. Use proven and battle tested library. You won't do any better on your own. Only because they don't know Ada and they wanna reinvent the wheel again /s That makes no sensen. Polling means the core is running at 100% all the time. > What's your alternative? It's trivial really => You do nothing and get the fuck out of the way so Robert can do the job. Intelligent & Talended people will do the work. They don't need (nor want) a bozo to dictate their every move ;) In practise, it means that holidays days are simply not accounted for. Otherwise, it's like usual, tell your team in advance and write the days on the calendar. There is no abuse. If anything, most people don't take enough because it's not accounted for && there is noone to remind them of "you gotta take 10 days before January [or your current quota be lost][and you're gonna burn out because you work too hard]" Dunno about the rest but what is called "Paris" is only a 2 mile radius in the center of the greater city. On top of the 2 other comments stating that buying a place to live is out of reach, I'd add that it's impossible to keep a job in the same place for more than a few years, and a mortgage needs 30 years of payments u_u You'll note that countries in Europe also require to be an European citizen for this line of work. Wrong. Just because a property value increased steadily in the past 15-30 years doesn't mean it will continue to increase in the 15-30 years. There are lots of cities where prices stopped moving and some where prices went going down compared to the past 5-10 years. Buying a place is far from risk free. > I'm not sure if there are similar restrictions to the US that apply to working aerospace industry jobs (say Airbus). There are. Hence my initial message ^^ Still doesn't make sense in the context of a network card. There must be an interrupt to pre-empt the system or there's gonna be packet loss. The 32GB is a global guidelines for ALL JVM applications. Under 32GB, the JVM uses 32 bits pointers. [actually slightly under 32GB] Over 32GB, the JVM uses 64 bits pointers. Pointers consume a lot of space in a running program. Basically, a 30 GB heap (with 32bits pointers) is the same as a 40GB heap (with 64bits pointers). That means, there is a chasm between 30-40GB heap where it makes no sense to run a server. The additional space is wasted by the bigger pointers. Second, 30GB is a sweet stop. It's simple to justify and enough for most applications. (A bigger heap will give longer GC time and other side effects, most people don't need to get into that kind of optimizations). Depends on the spec of the servers :D If they all have 16 cores 100GB RAM it's really unimpressive and we just found out why Uber is not profitable. You can assign different interrupts to different cores. That's another advanced optimization. e.g. One core per network card. 100% of my class wouldn't touch Verilog with a pole :D Guess that's a classic case of USA vs EU standards. > lower expectations I can live with not having to do 60 hours work weeks for tech companies that didn't even give equity. > So what's missing from the picture? The hardware tooling suck. IMO: Hardware people suck at writing software so they can't make better. And software people don't want to get there so there is noone to do better. Too much rage in this post. Just a random guy who found out about apt and python. Not worth reading. Too much rage in this article. Just a random guy who found out about apt and python. Not worth reading. I don't think that OLAP and SSAS were ever known buzzwords ^^ I don't know what you mean. If you're a software engineer, London has many [good] jobs for you. Your home country may not. 4) Get out in time :D Most women only take birth control when they're in an active relationship. Men seem to ignore that. Simple: Add $2 for shipping. Profit from the inflated shipping free. Could be because of the title: "Your browsing history may have been sold already" It's not remotely comparable to the situation. "WOT addon is banned from browsers after selling users history to the highest bidder." "In linguistics, elision or deletion is the omission of one or more sounds (such as a vowel, a consonant, or a whole syllable) in a word or phrase." Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elision Well, the grammar rule got a name. It doesn't say whether it applies to "a[n]" history" though. CoreOS, as stated by the roadmap of the article. /s There is a dissonance here. A linux guru will know that AUFS is unstable... but the problem is mentioned nowhere and Docker still uses it as the default filesystem for [most of] all cases. The linux guru will know to avoid AUFS... but the replacement [overlay2] was rolled out very recently and it's only available in the latest OS and systems. Author here. A bit of context missing from the article. We are a small shop with a few hundreds servers. At core, we're running a financial system moving around multi-million dollars per day (or billions per year). It's fair to say that we have higher expectations than average and we take production issues rather (too?) seriously. I updated and fixed a few points mentioned in the comments. (Notably: CoreOS). Overall, it's "normal" that you didn't experience all of these issues if you're not using docker at scale in production and/or if you didn't use it for long. I'd like to point out that these are issues and workarounds happening over a period of [more than] a year, summarized all together in a 10 minutes read. It does amplify the dramatic and painful aspect. Anyway, the issues from the past are already in the past. The most important section is the Roadmap. That's what you need to know to run Docker (or use auto scaling groups instead). I think you're confirming the point of the article. Gotta find the right combination of OS & filesystem to have a stable docker. CoreOS only. They're on 4.8 right now and they update the kernel whenever is necessary to keep up with Docker needs. That's the only safe bet on the long term. (as stated in the Roadmap in the article). Read: Even if Ubuntu 16-LTS and Centos/RHEL 7 may be up to date enough now (not sure), they won't keep up with the latest minor kernel updates and that will become a problem in 6 months when docker 1.1X will require THE newest kernel. The critical bugs left are actually race conditions. They happen rarely, more often under high load. Everything was fine in testing, everything was fine in production... at first. Fast forward a bit. More application put in docker, a lot more load in both testing and production. Things go wonky. If we ran our current systems in Docker/Debian from January, a host would crash every hour and we'd have figured out the unstability. Instead the docker adoption happened slowly, while a few patches (and temporary regressions) were released along the year. As said, they pushed packages with invalid signatures. Why did this happen? There wasn't any explanation given. I'd love to see a postmortem from Docker. the --rm flag only removes the container, not the image. That doesn't help. Addendum: Did you ever wonder how much traffic can a site get from Hacker News? Here's the number after 10 hours on the front page: http://imgur.com/1AJcYij "500 Internal Server Error" Is the site being DoS'd by us? I've found it very difficult to write/argue gray-ish about any topic. Either it's positive or it's negative. The way between is full of self-contradictions and footnotes. That makes a difficult read/conversation. We intend to execute the roadmap. We have stuff that must stay on AWS, too dangerous to make a move now :( We'll ignore the "switch to auto scaling" bit. Teammates have already started testing CoreOS & Kubernetes (on AWS) while I was writing the article. We'll figure it out and get it in production soon, hopefully. We have a subsidiary which has no locking on AWS and could use an infra refreshing. They already have google accounts and use one or two products. They'll be moved to GCE in the coming months, hopefully. Given my experience with AWS. Even if Google has no support whatsoever, it's still better than the paid support from AWS ^^ Will the drivers be paid less? I was under the impression that the prices are already quite aggressive. Don't forget air-based.