I'm commenting here since I can't edit a Google doc at work. Maybe I misunderstand the question, but if we are talking about content-driven external-facing sites, the development platform is the wrong place to start the conversation. That implies building a CMS from scratch which is a terrible idea--it would take longer, cost more, be less secure, and less flexible, than using a well-established open source CMS. There's no reason to develop a custom web CMS from scratch anymore unless it is the core product of the company (examples: Reddit, Stack Overflow, Facebook, Twitter). Start with their content and then find an open-source CMS that can do what they want between the core functionality and any contributed modules. I'd make a slight correction and say that the point of publication is not so others can reproduce your work, it is so others can confirm your results. Exact reproduction can be problematic in science because if there was a flaw in the original experimental design or method, an exact reproduction could "confirm" that same flawed result. It's better if other scientists can learn enough to understand the result, and design their own experiments to confirm or disprove it. A super simple example is if I drop something and then report a value for gravitational acceleration. But what if I dropped a feather? If you simply reproduce the experiment, you'll get the same (wrong) result. Whereas if you select your object to drop, there's a better chance you'll pick something denser and get a different result. Your conclusion seems to be: why do we need peer review if the results are this bad? But an alternative perspective might be: think of how much worse things would be _without_ peer review. Yes but their hardware always comes preloaded with software and services. Since they don't sell "naked" hardware, there's really no way to parse the value proposition. For what it's worth, Steve Jobs said multiple times at the D conference that in his mind, most of the value comes from the software...the hardware enables it and is the "pretty box". In my daily life there are 10 devices I might use to access email. Instead of spending time to configure IMAP and/or SSH on every device, I just log into Gmail and get shit done the same way in all 10 places. About 10 years ago I was working for a consultant and ran a research project on pen-based computing. We learned that most people who were happy with pen-based computers had gotten them at a steep discount. They felt that the products had shortcomings but that was ok because they were so cheap. The only two exceptions--pen-based computing products that had found significant success at their MSRP--were Wacom and Palm/Handspring. The key to the mystery was handwriting recognition. 100% recognition is impossible, even for humans. But while we accept human misses, there is pretty much no tolerance for misses in a computing interface. With a miss, the value of the pen input (speed and natural feel) is lost in the need to correct. Wacom succeeds because it does not even try to do handwriting recognition. Palm/Handspring succeeded by inventing new motions for per-letter entry that people had to learn (called Graffiti). This reversed the user expectation: if the recognition failed, many users would assume it was their own fault for not doing the Graffiti entry properly. They wouldn't blame the machine, so their opinion of its value did not suffer. Styluses are still hugely popular for animators, artists, and some graphic designers. Wacom is still going strong. But any computer that relies on a stylus for text entry is probably doomed to fail. The "Internet connected refrigerator that manages food for you" has been an example of this sort of thinking for at least 10 years, and it's no closer to being something that anyone actually wants. Most of these only really took off once PARC shared them with other people and companies. If Google is willing to subsidize a free refrigerator for me so they can serve ads on it, I will consider it. :-) I haven't read the book, but is the thesis of this discussion that the book is fatally flawed because Isaacson didn't challenge Bill Gates on the details of how NeXTStep evolved into OS X? This doesn't really seem like THE crucial moment in the entire life of Steve Jobs. Each one of these decisions involved numerous other people; these stories are still out there ready to be told. I would ask Siracusa why he, as a tech journalist, has not run down more of these stories himself. A woman I knew in college got in and flew on the Shuttle. She was a geology major and then a high school teacher. So there must be something beyond the science and pilot aspects in the evaluation. Well Photoshop is a bit more complex software than a text editor; it's more of a deep toolset than just a frame. Being great at Photoshop means that at least the tool command is there to do great design work. It's probably more akin to a development platform, like saying someone is a "Ruby wiz." It still doesn't mean they'll do great work, but at least they CAN do great work. If someone sucks at Ruby (or Photoshop) they are going to have a hard time developing great products with it. How much does saying someone is a Ruby wiz tell you about the programs they create? Knowing how to write functional, efficient code is no guarantee of producing a useful, interesting, or beautiful program. Edit to add: beautiful software is a design problem--encompassing both function and looks. If the functional design is good, but the person doesn't know Photoshop, it makes sense to hire a Photoshop wiz to help them with the looks. I think we're in agreement, though, that being good with the tool is not by itself evidence of good design. Google is already legally responsible for all the content on YouTube. The DMCA does not remove liability, it just sets out a process for managing liability--the takedown notice. If Google ignores conforming legitimate takedown notices, under the DMCA, they are fully liable for the infringing content. And as we see with Viacom, the DMCA does not actually prevent private lawsuits. It's just a metaphorical term of art. Most people wouldn't want to work with "garbage collection" every day, but of course many programmers do. The dividing line can be neatly seen as whether a company derives its value from server-hosted software or not. Companies which derive their value from server-hosted software have no reason to support IP-protecting legislation because their IP is already protected by the server/client architecture. Companies like Microsoft, Apple, most game companies, and of course content companies transmit their entire IP to each customer. It is impossible to technologically prevent the copying of this IP--we all know the failings of DRM. Thus they must depend on the law for protection. I hypothesize that Google might be less sanguine about IP protections if a new technology became available which allowed anyone to easily view and copy the Google search algorithm code at any time. To come at that question from the other direction, I sometimes wonder what (if any) anti-piracy bill some tech folks would support. The counter-argument to better IP enforcement often seems to be "change your business model", which is not a policy statement. The private right of action in SOPA is actually modeled on the DMCA notice. Let's say a record label asks PayPal to stop payments to an allegedly "infringing site". PayPal must notify the allegedly infringing site of that request within 5 days. If that site provides a counter-notification, PayPal leaves the site alone and checks out of the whole process. From that point, the record label has to go to a judge to try to get an injunction against the site (with all the associated burden of proof, etc). The DNS blocking is only available to federal law enforcement; a private complaint can't pull DNS under any circumstance. I think you're really stretching here. The core issue is whether companies value their employees--that comes through in how the employees actually get treated, not the use of one word vs. another. Just making something illegal doesn't prevent it from happening--there also need to be laws providing mechanisms for investigation and enforcement. The phone companies have all sorts of legal duties to law enforcement. If a court orders it, they have to assist with taps, traces, geolocation, call records, etc. As you say, piracy is already illegal. And we know there's a ton of casual piracy that goes on--see: http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2011/11/its-official... So the question is: what mechanisms of enforcement can dampen casual piracy and yet be acceptable to most tech companies? How would SOPA give the U.S. govt. any more power over Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon? The DNS blocking is basically the same power as domain seizing, which the feds already have today. In other words if the U.S. govt wanted to try to take down Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon today, they could already do so by trying to seize their domains. There's no difference in the process or standard of proof. The only thing SOPA adds is DNS blocking since the feds do not have jurisdiction over domains registered outside the U.S. It is great to stand up to bad legislation, but it is not great to be hyperbolic and inaccurate about the bill. Whether or not one thinks the feds should have the power to seize domains, my point is just that SOPA does not expand that power w/respect to U.S.-based sites. I don't think the fight is really "Hollywood vs. Internet" since there are some tech companies who are big on the Internet, who have not come out against the bill--like Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, Netflix, etc. I'm guessing that it is more of a fight between business models--distributing "pro" content vs. aggregating user-generated content. There are some fine lines being walked in the tech industry. Microsoft hates piracy of their package software, but Bing would face all the same legal issues under SOPA that Google would. Google wants to maximize freedom for Search and YouTube, but they are also trying to buddy up to big content for products like Google TV and the new music service. Fair point, I hadn't looked at it that way. Considering Matt's day job, that might not be an accident! :-) Not money, wealth. There's a big difference. And it's not even really wealth, since it contains huge but not-real numbers like the notional size of derivative contracts. The BSA is trying to walk the same fine line as everyone else. It's also worth pointing out that fighting piracy is only one part of what the MPAA does. Their budget also covers the entire film rating system, quite a bit of industry research and reporting, and lobbying at the state and federal level for things like tax breaks, union regulations, etc. A lot of running plays involve one or more o-linemen pulling to overload one side or the other. Many play actions pull a lineman or two but then back-fill the pass protection with the backs or tight end. This looks like a run even though none of the o-line go downfield. Because the people are outside the U.S. and thus outside the U.S. government's jurisdiction. The domain name is registered through a U.S.-based registrar so it is subject to U.S. jurisdiction. Whether you like him or not, he runs a successful, profitable business--which is proof he has some idea what he is talking about. I think the point is that he could not have afforded to buy a lounge if he hadn't first worked hard enough to succeed in a startup. It's worth pointing out that while Arrington is a VC now, he also started his own company (TechCrunch), worked very hard to grow it for years, and guided it to a nice exit to AOL. So this is not necessarily a case of "do as I say, not as I do." He was famously hard working when he was growing TechCrunch. The hover nav is a usability abomination. It's not discoverable--the only clue it's there is a tiny arrow. On the old bar it was totally obvious where the links were to jump to other properties. It presents an inconsistent user interface. If you move the pointer in from the bottom, you're on the left nav. If you move the pointer in from the top, you're on the hover nav. It would be like getting two totally different neighborhoods depending on whether you drove in from the north or south. It requires precise mouse choreography. It's not enough to aim for the target, you have to follow a specific path to get there (especially true with the extra fly-out submenu). If you don't, you have to go back to the beginning and start over. The old bar was a fixed set of targets--easy to hit from wherever. The idea of a menu is fine, it is the implementation that needs work. They could easily fix this with two changes: 1) Add a button or link that is specific to exposing the menu (call it "Menu" or "Products" or "Go to other Google services" or whatever). This way it's obvious what the user must do to expose further options. That also frees the Google logo to simply link home, which is what logos generally do on the web. 2) Make the menu open and close with a click instead of hover. That way you don't have be an expert mouse pilot to get to the link you want. It also maintain consistency with the dominant paradigm in a GUI, which is "click to take an action." Think about it--have you EVER seen a hover menu built into an OS? I'm not familiar with Linux GUIs but on Windows and Mac OS X, menus always take a click to expose them. Edit: Just submitted an image of this to HN: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3296021 I think the urge to seastead comes from the same place as the urge to refactor code. "Let's just start over, it's bound to be way better because of all we've learned." But as well know, there is no guarantee that refactoring from scratch is going to produce a better product. Modern states are like old codebases. They are a huge pain in the ass to maintain, BUT they also contain bug fixes and tweaks from 1,000+ solved problems. In fact all those fixes are probably why it is such a pain in the ass to maintain. That doesn't mean they aren't good fixes that are still relevant and necessary. I think the simplest solution to the mismatched stick issue is to use servo motors to replicate the old situation--the movement of each stick mirrors the movements of the other. A pilot wouldn't have to look for some stick position display, or indicator light, if they can easily feel the deflection of the stick. Some ideas: Illuminate the pilot's footwells with a bright red light. There is normally no illumination there at all, plus it takes up a fairly large percentage of their viewable area when looking at their screens. Or, change the background colors of all the screens from black to red. That might harm usability too much though. Maybe change all the other switch backlighting over to red. Or change the cabin overhead lighting over to red. To the greatest extent possible, the entire environment and interface needs to communicate the modal shift. And pilots would need to train on this shift constantly so that recognition, and the appropriate shift in thinking, would happen habitually. The Chinese relish any opportunity to make the claim that the U.S. is no better than them. There's a chip on the shoulder of their culture, which is strongly encouraged by the Communist leadership as a way of maintaining social order. Nothing suppresses dissent like an external competitor/enemy. But the reality is that SOPA is no more capable of overriding our Constitutional rights than any other law that Congress might pass. It's a significant difference between the countries that can't be wished away. Looks like I will be holding onto these Touchpads! Very exciting news. Many laws have passed, that were subsequently struck down by the Supreme Court as violations of the Constitution. I'm not aware of a similar process in China. Copyright probably did not bring about an increase in total creativity or art excellence. (How would one measure those metrics anyway?) What copyright did was create financial incentives for distributing the existing levels of creativity far and wide--so people other than rich patrons can enjoy creative works. Ok, that might work for Stephen King today, but how would it have worked for JK Rowling in 1995? What a terrible idea; I can't think of a faster way to kill the public credibility of this open encyclopedia project. Sure--nothing seizes the moral high ground in a censorship fight like censoring a whole bunch of democratically elected officials. As a 501(c)3, the Wikimedia Foundation is legally required to stay out of politics, and has limits on how it can lobby Congress on specific pieces of legislation. This is why, for example, the Sierra Club is not a 501(c)3. Changing Wikipedia, and tying it to a specific bill like SOPA, would likely tread very closely to that line, or over it. That really WOULD threaten the future of Wikipedia as it would face legal sanctions, or be forced to give up its 501(c)3 status, meaning that donations would no longer be tax-deductible. The WM produces one project: Wikipedia, the bulk of which is the English-language version. If that is given over entirely to lobbying a specific bill, even temporarily, they would have a very hard time arguing that that is not a "substantial portion" of their activity. This sounds great but I think it is worth considering two things: 1) I'm not aware of any persecution or prosecution of any private citizen for modifying their own device. For instance I've never heard of Apple seeking legal action against an iPhone owner who jailbroke their phone. Or heck, even against any of the groups who publish jailbreaks. 2) This would not force any manufacturer or carrier to provide support or assistance in modifying device software. As a point of legal clarification I think it sounds great but I think there would be little practical impact. Replying to myself to point out that Jimbo addressed this concern directly here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Jimbo_Wales#An_updat... We're talking about ads right now. The fundamental flaw of the DMCA is that it does not provide a mechanism for handling sites that exist outside U.S. legal jurisdiction (but of course are just as easily reached by U.S. citizens). There is a volume problem with the DMCA, as earbit notes, but I tend to think that that is solvable with software. But when a site sits on a fat pipe in the Ukraine, serving up every movie made in the last 10 years for free, there is currently nothing in the DMCA or other U.S. law that can do anything about it. It's worth pointing out that in general, people still have to pay for transportation even though the buggy whips are gone. The argument here is whether in general, people still have to pay for music. I think Citizens United was decided correctly, and while I support stronger protection of IP, I think SOPA is written too broadly. I see a big distinction between putting out an original movie that mentions a candidate (the issue in Citizens United) and building a website to distribute other people's movies (the issue in SOPA). Edit to clarify: distribute other people's movies without their permission. I could make an argument that it is transparency itself that is helping to erode that distrust, as each side seizes on (and/or misrepresents) details to portray the other side as corrupt. When in fact most legislative fights are simply translations of differences of opinion into the legislative realm. Accusations of corruption are a common framing argument; if I can get you to believe that my opponent is corrupting the system, I can make you believe almost anything about the issue or their point of view. This is much harder to do if both sides negotiate privately and then jointly present a compromise. As someone who has interacted with the government quite a bit,I think your post comes across as ignorant. I don't mean that in an insulting way, but rather simply that it's obvious you have not interacted with the offices of your federal elected officials much. There is a major difference between the bureaucracies of the executive agencies (think DoD $100 hammers), and the political and office staff of members of Congress. Political campaigns are basically startups, and most campaign and Congressional office staff are in their 20s or 30s. They are not scared of technology, and (especially in the House), they are intensely focused on competing every day. On the other hand, realize that they are working within a system of government whose #1 goal is to make sure that every law gets fully considered. It's built slow on purpose. The value of this is evident every time an opposition is able to slow down or stop a bad law. If you actually believe this then I would argue that you don't actually know how Congress works. There are numerous examples of citizen action overcoming superior funding on the other side; the entire environmental movement is one example. Along these same lines, I remember the fight over the DMCA. It's kind of funny to see the tech industry defending it so strongly today. There was a while there when it was probably the most hated law on the web. That part about them hand-illustrating in 3D was a joke. They show one guy working on the red version and one on the blue, side by side. There's no way they could do that precisely enough to actually produce a 3D image by hand. It betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of the traits related to cognition. Our "selfish genes" do not tell us how to think; instead cognition represents a delegation of authority from the genes to the carrier. We are attracted to porn, yes, but we are also aware that we are attracted to porn. Thus as some citizens descended into opium stupor, others observed that descent and made conscious choices to avoid it. As a result, human society did not devolve into one big opium den. Just like it will not devolve into one big World of Warcraft game. The real reason we have not heard from aliens is that the distances are physically impossible to bridge. This is a very important clarification because I think many folks believe that if they can hammer on the specific failings of SOPA, they will somehow "win." Fact of the matter is that IP issues on the Internet are not going to go away, because a lot of big companies believe their businesses are being harmed. So the long-term view is that the SOPA fight is just one piece of a long negotiation. This particular story is not about SOPA, it's about one company attacking another company for their business. This is a PR bonanza for Namecheap and they are going to ride it for as long as they can. Who uses email as the primary key for a CRM? What if a customer changes their email address? I have a hard time believing that kids or old people have never seen ads online before, and would be so easily confused. Even so, it is a problem that could be well addressed by the design of the ad space. It's much more difficult to detect and evaluate bias within the text of an article. There is plenty of this on Wikipedia now, usually because of partisan or ideological edit wars on lightly read articles. And it's getting worse as more and more barriers are erected to casual or first-time editors. It is almost impossible right now for someone viewing an article for the first time to improve it, even with cited sources. Regardless of quality, the changes are frequently reverted quickly by a bot or someone squatting the article. To get a significant addition or change to "stick" requires a large time investment and knowledge of the arcane rules of appeal within the growing Wikipedia bureaucracy. Result: most people don't bother. This, to me, is a much larger problem of bias than what you describe. I actually think ads could help this problem by decoupling the content from the money. Right now a relatively small group of people are the most powerful editors AND the largest donors. Wikipedia is at risk of becoming captive to a set of people who think it is "theirs." It is naive to think that money is the only conflict of interest. Wikipedia is rife with ideological conflicts of interest now, and much of the growing edit bureaucracy is designed to protect these conflicts of interest. NPR makes most of its money from private foundations and corporate sponsors, both of whom it acknowledges by name on the air. That is a type of ad. Wikimedia Foundation could raise a ton of money if they just did something like this. "I'm even more excited about seeing a $25 mobile device that has access to a killer web browser and endless mobile apps, and watching that device appear in the hands of a billion school children over the next 10 years." I would be excited to see that too. Can anyone point me towards such a device? "What Nokia did for the mobile phone, Android is doing for the smartphone." I don't see how, because Nokia is a hardware manufacturer who actually makes phones, and Android is just an operating system. It seems to me the hard part of getting to the $25 unlocked price point is the hardware, not the OS. Android is not even the only open-source phone operating system--how about Meego, created by (aptly) Nokia, and hosted by the nonprofit Linux Foundation? Android is a cool product, but I have a hard time swallowing the self-congratulatory posturing. So far Android has not done a single thing for the 3rd world poor. As far as I can tell, so far all it has done is provided the skeleton for a bunch of proprietary implementations by first-world hardware manufacturers and mobile operators. Nuclear war isn't the sort of thing that usually produces winners. I have a hard time seeing Google in particular starting a nuclear war over this. They value relationships with big content providers and have done a lot to build them. If a drastic action leads content providers to pull out of YouTube, Google Music, Google TV, etc., it would hurt Google quite a bit. Users care a lot less about YouTube than they care about what they can watch on YouTube, and the most popular videos are "official" music videos. It is rare that huge consumer companies allow legislative fights to spill over and impact their core business. It usually just annoys customers rather than generating any sort of meaningful grassroots bump. Richard Feynman never said anything about SOPA and I find it distasteful to try to leach off his name this way. > Internet companies have made billions of dollars in an unregulated market but have not paid off Congressmen/Senators through campaign contributions, lobbyists, creation of significant PACs, 527 committees -- things which all appeal to a politician's self-interest. This is completely false; Internet companies are regulated by the DMCA, which provides them safe harbor from private lawsuits related to copyright infringement. If the DMCA did not exist, they would have been sued into oblivion by the content companies long ago. There are a lot of reasons to oppose SOPA but let's not pretend that the Internet is unregulated. So do we just invoke "SOPA" for any little hiccup now? Spam blacklists are not exactly a new issue on the Internet. Big music labels exist because most musicians don't want to run a business, they want to make music. The label handles the business stuff for them. If musicians do want to run a business, copyright protections will help them just like they will help a major label. Ani Difranco started and built her own label by selling recordings. In situations like that (or Dischord, or Fat Wreck Chords, or Epitaph, etc.), copyrighted recordings actually helped musicians thrive outside the major label system. Major labels are much better equipped today to deal with piracy than small independent labels. These days they just do "360 deals" where they guarantee themselves a cut of everything--concert revenues, merchandise, sync licensing (e.g. TV ads). Creating digital copies is not free. It requires computing resources, connectivity, and electricity, all of which we pay for. I don't think the issue of digital copying is as revolutionary as we all like to think it is. I think we can look at it as another step on the long trek of using automation to reduce content production costs--a trek which began with the advent of the printing press. That was when the legal concept of copyright originated--which, for historical context, was the time of Newton. If you had a printing press back then, the cost of reproduction was reduced essentially to the commodity costs of paper and ink, plus the time to configure the copying. Fast forward to today. If you have a computer, the cost of reproduction has now been reduced to the commodity costs of electricity, fractional hard drive cost, and bandwidth, plus the time to configure the copy. Granted, those costs are way, way lower than a printing press 300 years ago. But to me at least that seems like a matter of degree than some fundamental difference. The answer is obviously (a). But Rick Santorum is hardly "one of the best-known national Republican figures of the last 30 years." I'd put on that list people like Reagan, George HW Bush, George W Bush, Cheney, Powell, McCain, Limbaugh, Gingrich, etc. That fact that you'd even think to put Sen. Santorum in that company inclines me to question your judgment. Santorum is a 2-term Senator who ran poorly for president a couple times, and who was made mildly more famous due to a minor controversy. He's like the Gary Hart of the GOP. > Google most assuredly does have signals as to which of the results on that first SERP are the ones users are actually looking for. Yes, and the spreading santorum site is the first result. So unless you have some actual counterproof, I think the reasonable assumption is that Google is giving the people what they ask for, as usual. Especially since Bing returns the same top result. Anyway, the whole thesis of this thread is factually wrong, since the top result today on Google for "santorum" is actually the Iowa caucus results table from the Associated Press. So Google has, in fact, manually inserted a search result in response to the surge in interest in Santorum the candidate. (Bing, by the way, has not.) It's of concern to us because we like the parts of Iranian society you mention, and we'd like them to succeed. This action will most likely harm them. The hyperbole around this law is getting irritating. Congress can't restrict First Amendment rights online any more easily than they can in print; laws cannot override the Constitution. Look, either you believe the Constitution limits the powers of the government, or you believe it doesn't. If it does, then SOPA would be subject to those limitations as much as any printing press law would (the example to which I was responding). If it doesn't, then why does SOPA matter at all? The government could just shut down websites left and right tomorrow regardless of what the law says. Only a truly stupid person would run for political office in search of financial gain. The level of work is extremely high (hours like a startup) but the amounts of money are small. For instance the average House campaign is just a bit over $1 million, and that funds dozens of people working very long hours for almost a year. Compare to capital funding or revenue levels in business. People willing to work that hard could make a lot more money in almost any industry. As hokey as it sounds, people get involved in politics because they want to change the world. It is the natural end result of activism like we are seeing around SOPA. It's possible that at some point, someone fighting SOPA will decide to work for a candidate or run for office themselves. At that point they'll need to start raising funds. Will that corrupt them automatically? I don't think so. It's actually not incompatible with SOPA. The bill demands that ISPs block DNS routing for certain domains. Returning no response to a DNS request would not break DNSSEC. It would just look like that site did not exist. Some people have proposed that instead of blocking DNS, ISPs should redirect a DNS request. That would be incompatible with DNSSEC--but that requirement is not in the bill. No, it's not. It might be immune from the DNS blocking but that is only part of the bill. The other part provides a process for content owners to issue "takedown" orders to ad and payment processors who do business with companies like TPB. No surprise: if people want something, and you lower the price, they will usually consume more of it. That might lead to greater profits if the growth in sales volume exceeds the reduction in profit margin. Or it might not. That relationship is called the price elasticity curve; every product has a different shape and optimization point. Learning the shape, and picking the optimization point, is a huge part of selling something. But the key point is that it is the right of seller to place themselves on that curve. LogMeIn Ignition is $30 in the iOS App Store. Obviously they would sell more copies if it was 99 cents, but they've chosen their pricing strategy. Does the mere existence of greater demand make it ok for people to pirate that software instead? I don't think it does. It's obviously true that there is not a 1:1 relationship between piracy and lost sales. But it's also not a 0:1...some pirated copies are in fact lost sales. And, what's lost in talking about this equivalence (or lack thereof) is the damage to the pricing strategy of the seller--even the copies they do sell will necessarily be lower on the price elasticity curve because piracy increases the volume. It's true that people are more creative in private than they are in public. But, that is why brainstorming sessions are so useful. Brainstorm sessions might surface creativity that has already happened. If you ask a group, "What are some product ideas we haven't considered?", there's a chance that some people have been independently thinking about new products, but wouldn't have thought to propose them. Or they can serve to direct/request creativity. If you ask "What are some product ideas we haven't considered?", people who had not been thinking about new products, might start. It gives them something to think about on the drive home or in the shower. I've received some great ideas via email a few days after the actual session. I would bet a lot of money that every single one of those photos and video clips was properly licensed by Apple. It's not even that complicated a commercial for that sort of thing--compare to the first iPhone ad, which probably had 2-3 times as many copyrighted clips: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nyYloJyq9M That's not really the way the harm actually plays out. The free rider problem generally won't affect entities that are very large, rich, and established. Microsoft has a ton of profitable relationships that won't just go away. Besides, they have so much money in the bank that they could easily fund the development of Windows 9 even if they did not receive a penny of revenue from Windows 8. Likewise, Radiohead is not checking the latest rates of piracy before deciding whether to put out another album. They have a big enough fan base that it doesn't really matter. But, if the free rider problem is bad enough it harms the ability of new entities--who do not have deep cash reserves or established relationships--to grow large enough to challenge the incumbents. To go from garage to professional success means making enough sales to either bootstrap or convince investors to buy in. If most customers are taking the product and not paying, that obviously is going to be a lot harder to do. I would put your position into the "clearly less informed" camp, sorry. Copyright originally was created as a legal concept shortly after the invention of the printing press* because individual small printers were making and selling copies of other people's books. At that time (about 400 years ago), there were no "well capitalized industrialists." The industrial revolution had not even happened yet, and the few corporations that existed at all were captives of the sovereign rulers who created them. In addition, from the very beginning, copyright was an individual author right that accrued to people, not companies. That is how it was enshrined in the U.S. Constitution for instance, although at that point in time it was already an old concept. The idea that it has always been (or is even today) a matter of industrial law is not accurate. > In truth, copyright law - as it exists - is fundamentally and irredeemably incompatible with a democratic society in which citizens have the power to duplicate and distribute at virtually no cost. This is the exact opposite of how public policy works. It is the very ease of copying that creates the need for a legal framework to regulate it. Before the printing press existed, copyright did not exist either--because it was not needed. In a free society where copying is free, the most precious thing is original throught, original opinion, original content. That is the last true scarcity, and must be protected. Otherwise how are we to distinguish one citizen from another? * BTW it is worth spending some time reviewing the history of the printing press and the impact it had on the world. I would argue that it was much more of a revolution than the Internet has been so far, although of course the Internet is still in its early stages of development. No. In fact, it would be a violation of federal law for Congress to interfere in a Justice Department investigation in the way this story describes. Well you've obviously got a better working grasp of names and dates than I do, but I think you're mistaking precision for accuracy. The Statute of Anne vested the copy monopoly explicitly in the author. Prior to that, guild members had the exclusive "right" to "copy" a manuscript, yes--but first they had to individually purchase the license to do so, from the author. This is what I mean when I say that copyright (in the modern, IP sense) ultimately accrued to the author. There was not much time following Gutenberg when it was legal for printers to copy whatever the heck they wanted. Recognition of authorship was a social norm that predated the printing press, and was very soon incorporated into the regulation of the new technology. To return to my broader point, try this thought experiment. Take snapshots of copying technology and IP law at 50 year intervals up to today. It doesn't matter if you start at 1450 or 1709. What you will find is that over time the marginal cost of copying has declined, and the legal protection of an author's IP has strengthened. Yet you're trying to argue that for some reason that trend will suddenly reverse. I don't see why it would. But I like to watch movies. I think a lot of movies are great--great enough to pay for them. Why should I shoot myself in the foot to keep someone else from shooting me in the foot? This idea that the root cause of all bad legislation is political donations: it's wrong, and not supported by the data. The vast majority of political donations are made by people who are not lobbyists. No one raised more political money in the history of this nation than Barack Obama during his presidential campaign, and the letter from his administration helped kill the bills. How about Rep. Issa and Sen. Wyden? Guess what, they got into office by spending donated money as well. The problem isn't money, the problem is engagement. The tech industry, particularly on the Internet entrepreneurial side, has long prided itself on staying out of Washington. Well, now we see the consequence of that approach: it took a last-minute emergency OMG shitstorm to stop some bills--bills that could have easily been shaped, adjusted, or stopped much earlier if the industry had been engaged and paying attention. The U.S. government is participatory. It will respond to citizen wishes, but only if citizens actively and continuously make their wishes known. And it is inclusive. No matter how much you might think copyright should end, or that the MPAA should just go away forever and die, there are enough people who disagree with you that it's just not going to happen. Internet companies and advocates need to get comfortable with continuously engaging content companies in the legislative process, seeking common ground, and compromising. IP law is not a winnable war. It is an ongoing negotiation that must be managed forever. A large portion of the work in the TV and film industries are not wage or salary jobs, they are contract gigs. Political campaigns are not, in the broader context of the U.S. economy, that expensive. The average cost of a winning House campaign in 2010 was less than $1.5 million. The max limit on a personal donation to any federal political campaign is $2,500. These are numbers that are pretty small compared to the value and salaries generated in either the entertainment or tech industries. The difference is that the entertainment industry has developed the culture and institutions to direct some of their value toward political activities. The tech industry largely has not. Joel's idea of free political advertising on tech properties could be problematic because advertising, even if freely given, has an economic value. Corporations are expressly forbidden from donating money to federal political campaigns, so this whole idea might be squashed by the FEC. Consider how long it takes to make a movie sometimes. The Tolkien estate realized quite a bit of value on the Lord of the Rings copyright via the Peter Jackson films, several decades after it had been written (not sure of the exact timing of the various payments). Now--is that a good argument for such a long copyright period? I don't think so. I think the only time copyright should survive the author's death is if they have kids who are not yet adult. Non-profits are corporations too; they are also forbidden from donating to political campaigns. If you created a PAC, then you could solicit donations from individuals and spend it on whatever candidates you, the PAC director, chose. But, PAC contributions and distributions are also pretty strictly limited: $5,000 per person, and $5,000 per candidate, respectively. Political parties can spend a lot more money, but only on candidates who are members of the same party. So for instance if you started the Internet Party, you couldn't give much money to a politician who is a declared Democrat or Republican. Sure, or the Internet companies could just make their own ads supporting each candidate, and run those. For instance Google could create ads telling voters to vote for Sen. Wyden and pre-roll them before every YouTube video served to Oregon. "Super PACs" can spend freely on their own political speech (i.e. their own ads). Legally, they can't give money directly to candidates or even coordinate with them. Only traditional PACs can do that. Giving ad time or ad space directly to candidates, as Joel proposes, would violate that rule--even if it was done by a Super PAC. However nothing would stop a Super PAC, or even the tech companies themselves, from creating their own ads supporting candidates, and running them on their own sites. (as long as they are not coordinated with the campaign) In case it wasn't clear above, I totally agree with you. If we could ever get copyright shortened I would expect a surge of creative output. "A solution is for the Internet industry to start giving free advertising to political campaigns on our own new media assets... assets like YouTube that are rapidly displacing television. Imagine if every political candidate had free access (under some kind of "equal time" rule) to enough advertising inventory on the Internet to run a respectable campaign." From the second sentence, it seemed to me that he was talking about companies directly giving advertising inventory directly to candidates. But now reading it again, it is a bit ambiguous. The PAC intermediary you describe would work legally, but it wouldn't be able to allocate much ad inventory to each candidate, since the most a PAC can give to each candidate is $5,000 aggregate per election cycle. I know you guys are in startup mode, but I hope you have retained a lawyer to advise and, if necessary, defend you. Lobbying is highly regulated and violations can result in federal prosecution. Just by paying a lobbying firm you will have to register with various federal agencies and report on the activities you fund. I don't see how the rules of society are an "arbitrary set of choices." The process of making law is not arbitrary; it's a conscious, directed process. I thank many of the people in power do recognize the issues, which is why transforming education has become such a hot focus lately. Broad advances in education were essential in allowing the "average" person to find employment in an industrial society; the modern average person is far, far more educated than they were 500 years ago when most average people were illiterate and farmed for a living. We will need a new transformation in education to allow future average people to find good work within an information-based economy. This means, for example, that the average person might be able to program computers at an average level in the future. Can't developers load their own apps directly onto their own device, without going through the App Store approval process? I think Apple even provides a mechanism for corporations to deploy private apps directly to large numbers of iOS devices, without traversing the App Store. You can do that now with camping water filters from companies like First Need or PUR. > Twitter is censoring users at the behest of their governments. They don't have to. They do have to. That is a special feature of governments: they can compel compliance. Sure: Twitter could just leave Germany. But does that end the censorship? No. It's still there; the only difference is that Twitter is gone. Good for Twitter's moral superiority, bad for everything else. And let's not kid ourselves about how important Twitter, Facebook, and Google are. German restrictions on Nazi-related speech have been around long before the Internet and Twitter. They are not likely to end because of these companies. Companies like these are only important to the extent that they empower individual people. To the extent they've assisted social change, like in Arab states, they've done it by being in-country and available to citizens. Not by pulling out in protest. Laws are changed by people, not by tools. If the people have tools, but don't use them to change the law, that's the people's fault--not the tool. Folks can design images in WYSIWYG tools like Photoshop because the output standards are much more stable and consistently implemented than HTML + CSS + JS. Every OS, browser, image viewer, etc. will render a JPG, GIF, or PNG almost exactly the same. But give them all the same HTML, CSS, and JS, and you might get very different results--especially if you are trying to make use of the coolest new features. Basically, hand-coding is the price we all pay for an industry that is innovating its technology so quickly. Amen. Without a robust delivery testing program, there's no way to know whether emails are actually landing in the inbox of actual users. 37signals has an easier time of it because the vast, vast majority of their emails are transactional, so users will pipe up and complain if they are not getting them. Marketing emails are a lot harder to troubleshoot. And before the masses get up in arms about spam, when I say "marketing" I am talking about even the most compliant, user-friendly, double-opt-in email campaigns. Even if people happily sign up for your emails, that doesn't mean they will tell you if they stop receiving them. In this case Congress killed the bills first, then Dodd said his members were unhappy and might not give any money to politicians who jumped off the SOPA ship. That seems more like your first chain than your second. I would respectfully ask: what problem? The tech community got exactly the outcome it wanted, didn't it? These types of services are offered by a lot of credit cards these days. Just have to call up customer service and talk to them about it. What about Facebook is not open? Facebook.com can be reached from any computer with an Internet connection. The content is standards-compliant HTML, CSS, and Javascript, delivered via standards-compliant TCP/IP. Anyone can create an account. Anyone can interact with anyone else, provided they mutually agree to do so. The content is not indexable by search engines--true. But, while that is obviously a problem for search engine companies, that doesn't mean it's not "open." In terms of getting data out, I had every piece of data I entered into Facebook before I entered it. I have my personal info. My photos and videos were on my cameras, phones, or computers before I uploaded them. The links I posted were in my browser history first. My comments were in my head before I typed them out. Sure I don't have an easy way to export my friends' data, but that is not my data--it's theirs. Anyway if they are really my friends I can just ask them for their email address or phone number or whatever. What am I missing? Facebook is a website that requires authentication to use certain features. So is scobleizer.com. It's interesting to reread The Diamond Age in the context of the recent fights over IP. When manufacturing is almost free, what gives one object value over another? Its design and software--the IP. In TDA, stealing IP was how smaller organizations competed with and disrupted larger more established ones. No organization in the world is larger and more established than the U.S.--hence the increasingly strong efforts of the U.S. government to defend IP. By default, all speech is presumed to be permitted under U.S. law. The First Amendment, and related court cases, concern the power of the government to limit speech--not the right of free speech itself. So, to make the case that anonymous speech is not a right in the U.S., you would need to show a case where the Supreme Court specifically ruled that the government may limit anonymous speech. I'm not aware of any such case. It's free speech both ways. The troll is free to post nasty stuff on the web, and other people are free to tell his acquaintances that he did it. The robots in Asimov's stories don't much resemble computers as we know them--they're more like characters. His computers tend to be massive centralized things, as computers were in his day. Compare to the pocket computers in The Mote in God's Eye, which are eerily similar to today's smartphones. Niven apparently thought the idea was one of the most fantastical aspects of the book. Not to be pedantic, but Vevo would not face criminal charges for showing one stream to a few people at a bar. To create criminal liability they would need to be infringing on a commercial scale--like Frontrow.tv and TuTele.tv do by hosting the streams with ads next to them. Vevo would be open to civil liability but it is up the copyright holder to decide whether it's worth pursuing. It's not just a question of legal/illegal. Some things that are illegal are not criminal--they create civil liability instead. If you lose, you owe money but you don't go to jail or have a criminal record. Have any individuals been criminally prosecuted for their personal BitTorrent use? I've read a lot of stories of people being sued, but I can't remember a story of criminal prosecution. I guess it would be possible if the prosecutor could make the case that BitTorrent is a form of distribution, and the amount meets the criteria in the law: http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#506 I was talking about this story with a guy I know who is a lawyer specializing in IP. It didn't seem to me like it would rise to criminal prosecution and he agreed. Whether it arguably could be or not, I think we both know this is never going to be prosecuted, which is why I agree with grellas' take on it. (edited to fix grammar) MG is right that much of what gets written in blogs and the press is BS. That's a truth that is not confined to technology. And of course to MG it seems like "it's getting worse"--from his perspective it is, because he is crossing over to the other side of the information asymmetry. It is an asymmetry that is purposefully and carefully maintained by businesses and investors. MG himself could help better "align the sides" by simply publishing or sharing this new info he is privy to. But he won't. So I hesitate to lay all the blame at the feet of bloggers and journalists. They are doing the best they can with the info they scrounge up or are given. Daniel Ellsberg's meditation on the limits of knowledge is applicable to this type of situation IMO. http://motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2010/02/daniel-ellsberg-li... It's a tradeoff. If you want general-public-scale levels of traffic, you will be subject to the general public's social norms or face their wrath. The general public did not use Usenet; the audience size was small, relative to what we see today on the WWW. Same goes with most personal blogs. And back when Reddit was not well known, they did not have to have a policy like this. I don't think centralization has anything to do with it--if your public blog suddenly got as popular as Reddit, I bet it too would be the subject of campaigns about its content. Dan Lyons is afflicted with the combination of being a very talented writer, but a terrible journalist. He's late to a lot of stories--I mean, he's JUST NOW writing about Arrington's conflicts?? And, he's frequently 180 degrees wrong about the stories he does cover--see his coverage of SCO for the most infamous example. I remember my reaction when it was revealed that Dan was behind the Fake Steve Jobs blog. It was approximately, "Huh? Who's that?" And every time I read a non-Fake-Steve-Jobs piece from Dan I am reminded of why I had that reaction. The guy is just not a good tech journalist. He's an incredibly entertaining writer though. I wish he would take his talents south and put out a sitcom or movie or something creative. Silicon Valley is not the greater public, it is a collection of very talented, motivated, rich people. It could be very influential in Washington, but until recently has chosen to avoid it instead. But in this story, the author did cite actual sources but was still reverted by page-watchers. I'm not sure where you're getting your definition. It's not how Wikipedia itself describes encyclopedias. In fact the term "secondary sources" does not appear in that article at all. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Encyclopedia In contrast, this sentence does appear: "The second half of the 20th century also saw the publication of several encyclopedias that were notable for synthesizing important topics in specific fields, often by means of new works authored by significant researchers." Pretty sure the "now" sentence is a veiled reference to the passing of Steve Jobs. (edited since I accidentally a word) It just means they have not been asked to identify an actual person for an actual case. I would not take this as proof that Epson (or any other company not on this list) printers are free from the ID dots. The .com domain would be within reach of law enforcement no matter what country houses it. It's not a choice of "U.S. or nothing", it's a choice of "which nation do you want to regulate .com". The U.S. is certainly not perfect, but it has accessible and transparent legislative and court systems, and the strongest Constitutional protections for free speech in the world. It has an open and liberal trade policy and it welcomes and protects foreign direct investment. And it is large enough to set its own course on the world stage--no other nation holds much leverage over it. There are a lot of good reasons to leave Internet governance in the U.S. Exactly. My impression is that the U.N. negotiations are largely noise, since nations will regulate things as they please within their own borders anyway. Of course it is never going to stop coming. That does not mean that all is lost though. The Internet as we know it today did not grow up in unregulated anarchy, it was purposefully structured this way by government action (as the article points out). That is proof that governments, given the right inputs, can get things right when it comes to the Internet. If you're fearful of what the government might do next, the thing to do is engage and influence the government to get it right again--not despair and dream of revolution. Plausible deniability is needed when you want to hide your role in something. Since I'm not sharing kiddie porn, I have actual deniability. No TOR traffic needed. I think that is alarmist in the context of this conversation. Google is not 2 people watching me sleep, shower, drive, date, make love, etc. It is software that stores and analyzes data that I choose to send to it. I choose to send my search terms to Google because I value the responses I get from Google; this strikes me as a voluntary exchange of value between two parties, not Big Brother from 1984. The Abstruse Goose comic is much more applicable to pervasive government surveillance. To the extent that I fear that the government would get its hand on Google's cache of data about me, I blame the government, not Google. I think if people spent as much time focusing their attention elected officials as they spend on hand-wringing about Google, we'd probably have better laws. (edited for grammar) Now the security of your backups is completely dependent on the construction of the append-only interface. Are you 100% certain it can't be compromised or permission-escalated? I think the best approach is to answer the question honestly. No good manager is under the illusion that they are getting Superman when they are interviewing you. They know that everyone has strong and weak points, and being honest about what you are and are not good at helps ensure that the position will be a good match. If you don't know what your weaknesses are, ask your current and past supervisors and coworkers. You should probably do this anyway from time to time. AdSense detection is not done on the client side. AdSense knows which ads to serve on which page because it leverages the search index cache and content analysis of that page. In the same way, Google serves contextual ads in Gmail by indexing the content of each email as it comes in. Of course, every other major public email provider in the world stores email in plaintext too, do I don't get how this is a knock against Google specifically. A surprising number of people, even within the technology field, don't like change that disrupts their personal habits. Hence the constant low-intensity warfare over the various Linux distros and interfaces. In this case a lot of folks are getting emotionally involved because this story serves as proof that electric cars can't be maintained with the exact same habits that an ICE car is maintained. Habits are a personal things, and can be difficult to change. A lot of people will fight to preserve them rather than adapt them. Totally agree, and I'll add that in my experience non-scientists frequently conflate "reproducible" with "verifiable". Simply downloading a data set and code, and rerunning it, is not really a scientific endeavor. To verify a scientific conclusion, other scientists need to design and run their own, independent experiments aimed at testing the same hypothesis. That said, it seems true that open source code can go a long way toward making that possible by reducing ambiguity about what, exactly, was being tested, and how. Really? Maybe it depends on the specialty, because every single company I know that works with Drupal has more work than they can handle and is hiring developers. I work very hard, including overtime. I'm salaried and I don't have profit sharing or equity--because I work for a nonprofit. However, my excellent performance at my job has resulted in promotions that have more than doubled my salary since I was hired. So to me it seems that my hard work did result in career development. Aren't there two elements to the question of jurisdiction here? The fact that .com is managed by Verisign is one (on which this article focuses), but the other is that Bodog was executing financial transactions with residents of Maryland. Thus, by doing business in the state, they expose themselves to that state's jurisdiction. The big question is whether U.S. jurisdiction can extend beyond U.S. based border based solely upon the fact that Verisign is located in the U.S. For instance, if a Canadian set up a .com gambling site, but only did business with other Canadians, could MD prosecute the site owner based on MD state laws against online gambling? I would guess no. But I'm not a lawyer. Perhaps my understanding is wrong, but I thought Verisign is the only registrar and operator for .com domains--other registrars like GoDaddy or this Canadian company simply resell Verisign registrations, which they get at a wholesale price. Thanks. "Sure it hurts at first but like a child living in a warzone you normalize to it eventually and learn to live with it. The best part of depression is that you feel like you are seeing the world for what it really is, gone are the happy hormones that force the oppression of hope on you , gone are the dreams and fantasies that you know aren't ever going to come true. There's a beauty to it. You feel awake." Emphasis mine, obviously. This is why people are giving you that reaction. If you have replaced the "you"s with "I"s it would have been more obvious that you are being descriptive rather than prescriptive. VCs care about future ROI, specifically the exit. Stack Overflow needs revenues only to the extent that they enable a big exit. They might not need to be huge if the exit is a sale to a bigger company interested mostly in the traffic (see: YouTube). Folks should not downvote Eric just because he's from EE. He's adding substantively to the discussion. Is this really news to anyone? I remember the announcement of the 1997 investment. The press statements and coverage at that time said that the investment was one aspect of an agreement to settle all IP-related claims between the two companies. http://news.cnet.com/2100-1001-202143.html With an iPad and keyboard you can turn the iPad vertical for some uses, horizontal for others. I think Hacker News strikes people as negative because a wide diversity of opinions occur here. Like all online communities it is self-selected, but in this case only really along one criteria--coding. All the other bases for affiliating with other people (politics, ideology, opinion, location) can vary widely. Whereas, social network communities like Twitter and Facebook are self-selecting along any number of criteria--political, personal, ideological, local, employer, etc. As a result, I bet most people don't see as much diversity of opinion through their personal social networks as they do in single-issue dedicated online communities like HN. So, I'm not surprised that this author found a more positive response from Twitter, than he did from Hacker News. The people following him on Twitter are already people who have affirmatively chosen to hear what he has to say. The people here have not, so they are more likely to argue, point out flaws, etc. That can come across as negativity, sure--but is it? Is disagreement or challenge such a bad thing? Personally speaking, I think that one result of highly personalized social media networks is that it leads to segregation from opposing opinions or very different points of view. The result is, seemingly, less tolerance for those opinions or points of view. http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2012/01/internet-awa... "That final version has been publicly available for months, but many ACTA opponents continue to focus on these deleted provisions in their arguments against the treaty." This article does not mention it at all, but Bodog.com was accepting online payments from residents of Maryland. That is how a MD state court was able to establish jurisdiction. Once that was done, they were able to take action against Verisign, a U.S.-based company. The world population growth rate is not exponential; in fact it has been declining for decades. It seems increasingly possible that the human population will stabilize or even decline in this century. Hipster fight! Just because someone is doing something, it doesn't mean that is what they are best at. Maybe this particular baseball player would be much better at being a lawyer. But he wants to play baseball--so there he is, struggling in Florida. How does one know what they are best at, anyway? I try to be reflective, and I ask people whom I trust what they think. Often the answers don't agree, or they reflect the subjectivity of each relationship (e.g. my lawyer telling me I'd be a good lawyer--but how would he know if I'd be a better cook?). Sometimes they are things that I actually don't like doing. So where does that leave me? In college I spent too much time playing around with the (newly created) World Wide Web instead of studying for my degree. I didn't exactly graduate with honors, but it doesn't matter since I ended up working on the web. So for me, there was a great career at the end of that particular rabbit hole. What's the point of having memory if the OS isn't going to use it? Most profitable? Citation needed. Profit margins are higher in the tech industry--companies like Microsoft, Apple, and Google all have higher margins than pharma. In terms of nominal profits, pharma does not come close to the oil and gas industry. Lessig does not make the case for why Goldman, in particular, was so harmed by the act of going public. The incentives he cites exist for all public companies, and many public companies have existed, and done good work, for decades. Speaking of which, before we talk about the incentives that led to Goldman's cultural decline, how about some objective confirmation that their culture has in fact declined? The article is in response to a single executive's published opinion. With LED backlighting, isn't most of the screen's power draw driven by the switching? And the iPad has a lot of pixels to switch--almost certainly more than your Dell laptop. I'm on the purchasing side and I can say that I've been turned into a customer during a sales process. I've called just to check things out and ended up a very happy customer. I think a lot of what people don't like about the "enterprise sales process" is actually just due to shitty salespeople--folks acting pushy, calling all the time, trying gimmicks, being stupid or uninformed, etc. In contrast, interacting with a good enterprise salesperson feels exactly like getting great customer service, only it begins before you've plunked down any money. The key to managing the sales cycle is to learn how to figure out early that you've got a shitty salesperson and either get a new one (if you really want the product) or get rid of them and find another option. You have to be willing to be firm, and maybe even a bit of a jerk sometimes. The illustration makes it easy to see how credit or gift cards benefit Starbucks' workflow, by removing the price interaction. Regulars with a card can just hand the card over with the order and payment is immediately processed. This removes the round trip around price. There is strong demand for developers in the Washington, DC area as well. Marketplace is produced by American Public Media. http://www.marketplace.org/ There's probably a good argument to made that it could be higher. Their P/E is somewhere around 16, compare to around 20 for Microsoft. Does anyone really think Microsoft is going to grow faster than Apple in the near future? I think the recent stock bump has basically been the market realizing that despite growing very fast, Apple's stock price still hasn't kept up with real revenue growth. This is one reason I like the Mac UI -- every document/file is its own window by default, so it's easy to put things side-by-side, even across monitors. What people are replacing is their upgrade cycle: they buy an iPad instead of a new PC, and just hang on to the older PC for a while longer. Many of my non-techy friends are doing this. Water is free but it is still illegal to shoplift bottled water from the 7/11. Just like it is illegal to infringe copyright by redistributing songs without permission. And for the same reason. Try stopping into to some of those recording studios and having an in-depth conversation about how they're being impacted by online copyright infringement. I have, and while most accept it as a fact of life now, they will also explain how it is hurting their business and ability to make music professionally. > giving away CDs at shows to keep people coming to the next show No band in the world does this. They SELL CDs at shows, because it's one of the few ways they can generate enough cash flow to buy gas and food. For those wondering how this translates to the music industry, there are a few analogies. - Independent bands who sign corporate contracts--see The Roots. - Major labels who create teen brands like Justin Bieber or Selena Gomez. They don't care if you steal the music as long as you buy the t-shirt, buy the book, see the movie, come to the show, etc. - Sync licenses. More and more mid-level bands are depending on getting their songs into movies, commercials, tv shows, etc. to bring in revenue. This is another form of corporate funding. I don't think so, and here's why: we are post-scarcity when it comes to bottled water. You don't deprive any other 7/11 customer of bottled water when you shoplift, because 7/11 carries a lot of bottled water and has developed processes that ensure they never run out. You could probably shoplift all the bottled water you can carry, every day, and you still would not deprive another customer. 7/11 would simply keep shipping in more water so they would have product to sell. (Of course they would also get some cops in there to try and stop you!) Eventually, if they're not making enough money due to all the shoplifting, they might stop carrying bottled water. But that won't be because they ran out of supply; it will be because it's no longer profitable to do so. This is analogous to a movie studio deciding not to make or distribute certain kinds of movies anymore because it is no longer profitable for them. What about the store? Surely you're depriving them of the bottle of water, right? Again, not really. The store does not actually want to possess so many bottles of water--what they want is to make money by selling bottles of water. And if you look at the economics of the transaction, that's primarily what you're depriving them of. Let's say a bottle of water is priced at $1.50. 7/11, who buys in bulk and then marks up, probably paid $0.50 or less for that same bottle. Thus when you steal it, 66% of the harm is in foregone revenue! Only 33% of the harm is loss of property value. Again, this is analogous to copyright infringement, where the primary harm is foregone revenue, not deprivation of property. The difference is that there's not a big Twitter argument (that I know of anyway) by people who are offended by the Matthew McConaughey commercial. If there was, Dolce and Gabbana would have to deal with it, just like Geeklist is having to deal with this one. This is not exercise in defining objective rules about what "is" and "is not" sexist. Sexism is highly subjective, like most social topics. What matters is that a geek girl--supposedly the target audience for Geeklist--complained about a Geeklist video. Complaints about brand are not uncommon. If you manage a well-known brand they WILL happen, and there are good and bad ways to handle them. Getting the hackles up, subtly threatening the employment relationship, whining about being polite, are all bad ways to handle it. The lesson here is that defending a brand does not always mean getting defensive. Brand owners have to look at what is being attacked and decide how close it is to the core of the business. A t-shirt fashion shoot video is not the core of the Geeklist business model, so once it became a brand liability it needed to be cast off. An example of a brand attack that DID call for a head-on approach was the iPhone 4 antenna issue. Those complaints directly attacked a core feature of one of Apple's core products. Apple needed to go on defense because they could not just cast off the iPhone 4 hardware design without very serious financial damage. Brand owners also need to keep the personal and professional separate when their brand is under attack. Brands are created by a series of decisions. It is one or more of those decisions that are under attack, not the people who made them. In this case the issue was the decision to associate the Geeklist brand with this type of video. Decide whether or not that decision needs defending--don't mistake it for a personal attack. Before working online I was a manager in a specialty outdoor retail store. I spent a lot of time talking outdoor tech with company reps. Gore-Tex is not the most expensive because it is the most breathable fabric. There are plenty of others out there that are more breathable--heck Lowe Alpine was beating Gore-Tex breathability with their Triple Point Ceramic coating 15 years ago. Gore-Tex is the most expensive because they pay attention to ALL the details. For instance, as a membrane, Gore-Tex has to be glued to its face fabric. Coatings like polyurethane do not; they self-adhere. The type of glue, and how it is applied, makes a huge difference in the durability of a membrane-based waterproof fabric. Gore spends a ton of time and money on R&D around the gluing, which is why Gore garment manufactures must use Gore-approved seam taping machines. It's also why Gore can guarantee the fabric for life directly to the consumer. Gore also reviews and tests the design of every single piece of clothing or footwear that ships with the Gore-Tex hang tag. Every company who makes a Gore-Tex jacket must send copies of it to Gore, where it gets tested in rain chambers etc. If it does not past muster, the manufacturer has to make changes until it does. As you might imagine, this adds cost. But it also makes sure quality is high. This might not be as big a blow as folks might assume, because design patents are very specific. For instance the tablet in this video has a raised, seemingly plastic bezel framing the screen, while the iPad design patent specifies that the screen is covered with an edge-to-edge glass surface. It is that edge-to-edge glass that is a big part of Apple's suit. I won't claim I've done an exhaustive review, but I've glanced back at some older tablet concepts like the Apple "navigator" video, the Star Trek TNG PADD, and even the Newton and Palm and Windows Tablet designs, and every single one I've seen had a raised bezel framing the screen. The Samsung Galaxy tab has an edge-to-edge glass surface, not a raised bezel. Stupidly pedantic? Yes. That's pretty a good description of design "patents" in general IMO. Consider that "A Game of Thrones" was published 16 years ago, but its sales only really started taking off last year. I feel like it would be a shame if George R. R. Martin, who is still alive and writing the series, was getting absolutely nothing from this surge of interest. Some creative works simply take a while to get going in the culture. I don't think we should punish creative folks who are, for lack of a better term, "ahead of their time." Obviously this concept could be taken to an absurd extreme, but I would argue that 25 years is better than 14. It's at least closer to the duration of a full human generation. The word mark "Game of Thrones" is owned by HBO, not George R.R. Martin. One is not more simple than the other. People complain just because the behavior is different from Windows, which is what they are used to. Ha! "Study accidentally proves moon landings were faked." Obama came out of the 2008 campaign with a huge, well-segmented and highly targeted email list, and big numbers on social media. Many folks thought he was going to dramatically change Washington by coming into office with basically his own grassroots army. Yet, a year later he was struggling to get health care moving and the lists weren't helping. It turns out that no matter how good your DB is, people just don't get as excited for legislation and regulation as they do for a candidate. Ultimately politics is not about technology, it's about message. If the message is good, tech can help maximize the impact. If the message isn't good, tech can't save you. Visual interface won't work for this sort of thing. Glasses are too close to the eye and multitasking will require constant focus racking, which will tire the eyes and produce headaches. Elements displayed in stereo will require very precise calibration to the user's face geometry to prevent ghosting or eye strain. Elements displayed in one lens only will appear transparent. Even if the tech issues are solved perfectly, humans do not multitask visually when moving; this is why heads-up displays are not common in cars despite the technology being easy. It distracts more than it helps. HUD works in planes because there is no immediate danger of collision when flying, so pilots can focus just on the HUD for extended periods of time. Humans in motion multitask across senses, not within senses. Most people can walk and talk no problem--but walking and reading is a lot harder. So, the future of wearable computing is probably a wearable computer that listens and speaks. And it's here now: a smartphone with an earbud is a wearable computer, and it's proven successful in the marketplace. To be truly useful, it will need to volunteer interactions the way the Google glasses do--but to do that well, it will need to be listening at all times, and understand when information is welcome and/or needed. Right now that is not possible with current levels of battery and speech recognition technology. In the far, far future I could see visual communication multi-tasked into everyday life. It will take a lot of societal changes for that to happen though. I like the portrayal of "picting" in Greg Bear's EON series. Not to mention that he does not seem to understand the Google ad model. From the post: > Serve up bad results and the user must search again and this doubles the number of sponsored links you get paid for. Google gets paid when their search ads get clicked , not when they get displayed, so to maximize profit it is in their best interest to serve the absolute best results first. Apple already does this to some extent. But the issue is that they change their products frequently and sometimes abruptly, which can require changes to the components on short notice as well. In such situations, existing part inventories don't help no matter where they are carried. Instead what is needed is the shortest possible time lag between production of the revised component, and its arrival at the factory producing the final product. I'm not sure how closely you followed the auto "bailouts", but that is exactly what happened. Chrysler was sold to Fiat, and GM was put through an orderly bankruptcy that cancelled existing contracts and returned them to profitability. Government money was used essentially as bridge loans to maintain operations until these processes were completed. It is a good thing to have tech companies talking to content companies out of the glare of the press. They'll be more likely to understand each other and find common ground. Tech and content are not enemies or even competitors, they are inextricably linked pieces of the economy who must work together. That's why they fight so much; it's like brothers sharing a small room. By the same token, saying that one wants to block bad foreign websites is not the same thing as "voicing support for SOPA"--which is the connection the linked petition tries to make. And no surprise, since the SOPA protest was so huge. I expect every single IP-related issue to be called "SOPA" for the next couple years as a result. It has become a power word. I think folks need to understand what this bill is intended to do. When companies and governments detect and analyze intrusion attempts, they collect a lot of data. Currently they tend not to share that data with one another, for fear of opening themselves up to bad press, shareholder lawsuits, etc. As a result, a lot of easily preventable attacks work against company after company after company. The idea behind this bill is to create a safe way for companies to more easily share and learn, with a minimum of lag, about new attack vectors. A simple analogy might be to think of an immune system--it works best if the entire immune system goes on alert to fight each new infection (this is how vaccines work). The definitions in the bill seem overly broad, and the fears are that it will be used to collect and share personal info and user-generated content. These fears are legitimate, but I think it would be better to address these fears by narrowing the language rather than killing the bill. It's not SOPA in disguise. It's a cybersecurity bill that needs some work. Most bills that are introduced need work; that's why the Congressional legislative process is so complex and long. * Edit: for grammar Facebook wants better intel on new attacks as they happen. The same intrusion tactics that are tried against, say, Google or RSA, are used against Facebook. But right now Facebook would have no idea what those are until they hit, because there is no legal framework for sharing detailed network intrusion data, without risking legal liability. In addition the only government clearinghouse for this sort of data is US-CERT, which is so slow that its alerts are only good for nostalgic remembrances of attacks long past. The RSA -> Lockheed attacks were what led directly to this bill. That is why, for instance, the bill includes language on "intellectual property". The attackers were trying to steal design and software files from Lockheed, which could both be considered intellectual property. Personally I think they could drop that language from the bill entirely, since unauthorized network access is already a crime in the U.S. The private ownership of U.S. infrastructure is why this bill is built primarily around limitation of liability. The idea is that U.S. private companies will do a better job communicating with one another on cybersecurity if they don't have to worry about getting sued for admitting that they got attacked. Marx was wrong, and Marxism failed. A Chinese peasant who goes from earning 2 cents per day to earning 1 dollar per day has gained enormously, and they know it. That is why Foxconn sees so many applicants for their job openings. Capitalism is the system that produces such gains, and it's pulled far more people out of poverty than Marxism ever did. Consider that Facebook is probably how a lot of people find NY Times articles these days. 253.3 cm/s is the maximum men's walking gait, which probably looks something like this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2urNVmKnEaQ For comfy gaits, the study reported 127.2 cm/s for women (2.8 mph) and 146.2 cm/s for men (3.2 mph). That matches my own experience walking and hiking. I think you probably don't have a good sense of just how much energy walking and other continuous small movements burn. There have several studies that showed that even different amounts of fidgeting can result in significant differences in energy usage, which correlated closely with levels of obesity. "Overweight people have a tendency to sit, while lean ones have trouble holding still and spend two hours more a day on their feet, pacing around and fidgeting, researchers are reporting in findings published today. "The difference translates into about 350 calories a day, enough to produce a weight loss of 30 to 40 pounds in one year without trips to the gym - if only heavy people could act more restless, like thin ones." .... "The director of the study, Dr. James Levine, an endocrinologist and nutritionist at the Mayo Clinic, said the findings offered hope to overweight people, suggesting that relatively simple and painless changes in their daily behavior, like making an effort to walk more and ride less, could help control weight." Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2005/01/28/health/28weight.html I picked this one because it's the NY Times and Science, but there are numerous other sources available via Google. Articles like this seem to me like a good sign that we might be entering bubble territory. This is essentially saying, "hey everyone, time to cash in right now before the money dries up." Of course in that sentence "money" refers to capital, not revenues or profits. Such misplaced focus was the hallmark problem of the late 90's bubble. I went in all-in for that bubble and got 10 months of hope followed by 4 months of COBRA and unemployment, then another regular ol' job. But the opposite is also true--a charitable program can help attract the best employees if it is well-aligned with the type of people you want to hire. Patagonia's strong environmental commitment has helped them attract the best employees for their business, for instance. That commitment is solely Yvon Chouinard's decision since it is his company, but it's not inflicting anything on his employees--they love him for it. I think an argument can be made that the regulatory failure in the recent meltdown was more a failure to adapt regulations to changes in the financial markets, than it was a failure to uphold 1930s standards. In that context I think it is heartening that the JOBS Act passed. The outcomes remain to be seen, but it shows Congress can move quickly to adapt financial regulation. First of all, I totally agree with this and I too have been very disappointed by how the EFF, DemandProgress, and others have run their campaigns. > It reflects already- in- place common industry practice: providers are already sharing often-detailed information about attacks. I'm not surprised to hear that ISPs share info, but what about in the corporate space? Say, between JP Morgan Chase and Google, or between Facebook and Apple. My (limited) experience is that the broad sharing of detailed threat data are limited by fears of competitive intelligence and legal liability. Which would be why CISPA limits liability and puts the government in the role of a central clearinghouse. Site is not loading, which seems apt given the topic. :-) The profession of science is really, really hard, and generally does not pay well. But, when you learn something new in science, you have learned something that no one else knows, that is fundamental to the very structure of reality. To be a happy professional scientist, the emotional stimulus of that kind of discovery needs to be strong enough to carry you through all the hardship. It's not just "make sound investments," VC's need to make investments that will pay off big enough to meet their promised rate of return over the promised time horizon. (They are investing other people's money.) It's certainly possible for VC's to think that an idea has merit, but is not right for VC-type investment. Kickstarter allows time horizons and rates of return of arbitrary size. These guys now already have everything a business needs: capital and customers. Unless they commit outright theft there is no reason they can't succeed with this project. But there is also no requirement that they keep it going after their last investor gets his or her watch. They can just do it to the size needed to hit the natural demand, and then call it quits. You can't do that with VC money. WOW. That's a deal-breaker. It would be interesting to get the whole way through the new car negotiating process, then strike this line right before signing. What would the reaction be? How badly does the dealership want to sell that car? Probably not, since the point is to aid in accident investigation. Wouldn't want to give people the option to scrub incriminating evidence. I wonder how much data these devices can store...I doubt they're putting a 100GB HD in every car to create a full historical record. It seems to me that all you would need for accident investigations is a few hours prior. I didn't say that it would cost x sales in y time, or even that it would harm sales at all. My point is that it would be interesting to see the interaction between a car manufacturer's EULA, and a dealership's retail staff. I mean, do car salespeople even understand what a EULA is? It's not like selling Windows 7 in Best Buy. The cashier at Best Buy does not care whether I hate the EULA or buy Windows. The car salesperson probably cares very much about whether I buy the car, and they probably don't care much about some random EULA term. Granted: a bit off-topic perhaps. I would hope that such blanket permissions terms on sales contracts would be overridden by the protections written into the law. For instance I don't think health providers can undercut HIPAA protections no matter what their contractual terms say. Your story is the state of reality now for certain types of programming jobs. Here in DC there are plenty of government contractors who don't care how much demonstrated success a person has shown as a tech entrepreneur; they want a guy with a CS degree and 10 years enterprise Java experience ONLY. The folks who work these types of jobs are your classic middle-age engineers. They read a lot of documentation, have a lot of meetings, and don't much care about being agile or fast. The reason people here on HN are objecting to your story is that there are ALSO coding jobs for startups, PR firms, or consumer brands where they DO value entrepreneurship, speed, and creativity. And these types of jobs will never go away. Edelman or Nike is never going to convert their development shops to all CS Ph.D.s with 15 years experience optimizing compilers. They're always going to be building interesting interactive projects for major brands, so they need people who are always restlessly finding the next cool thing. So just make sure you always apply for the latter kind of coding job and you should be good. I find the "compact" setting helps a lot on smaller screens. I really didn't like the new Analytics interface when they first rolled out the optional beta. I switched a few months ago to gain access to real-time measuring, and now I love it. For me at least, it just took some time to adjust. CISPA would not require ISPs to start logging data, or in fact to do anything whatsoever. Participation in data sharing under CISPA would be completely voluntary, which is why businesses like the bill. CISPA provides those paths, but, crucially important, it allows each private company the freedom to decide whether to walk down the path, and how far. tptacek's analysis is clear-eyed and accurate; the goal of the Obama administration is to make participation mandatory for certain companies. You have to understand the problems that CISPA seeks to solve. 1) Corporations will not share cybersecurity vulnerability data for fear of attracting lawsuits. As a result, known, relatively simple attacks succeed at company after company after company. CISPA seeks to solve this problem by limiting liability for voluntary data sharing. In theory this will help improve everyone's security by improving the dissemination of knowledge. 2) Federal cybersecurity intelligence is classified and therefore not available to private companies, who by the way run the vast majority of the U.S. data infrastructure. CISPA commands federal intelligence services to create a way to share their classified data with companies. Again: better dissemination of knowledge. Both of these would help improve security. Fights on controversial issues create energy in the supporter base, which is why organizations pursue them. Please don't assume that CISPA is the first time this administration has said something about cybersecurity. If you want background for what tptacek is talking about, you can start with the administration's cybersecurity legislative proposal from about this time last year. http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2011/05/12/fact-s... A few select excerpts to illustrate the point: > Organizations that suffer a cyber intrusion often ask the Federal Government for assistance with fixing the damage and for advice on building better defenses. For example, organizations sometimes ask DHS to help review their computer logs to see when a hacker broke in. However the lack of a clear statutory framework describing DHS’s authorities has sometimes slowed the ability of DHS to help the requesting organization. The Administration proposal will enable DHS to quickly help a private-sector company, state, or local government when that organization asks for its help. Companies can share info including server logs with DHS. > Businesses, states, and local governments sometimes identify new types of computer viruses or other cyber threats or incidents, but they are uncertain about whether they can share this information with the Federal Government. The Administration proposal makes clear that these entities can share information about cyber threats or incidents with DHS. To fully address these entities’ concerns, it provides them with immunity when sharing cybersecurity information with DHS. At the same time, the proposal mandates robust privacy oversight to ensure that the voluntarily shared information does not impinge on individual privacy and civil liberties. Companies can share data with DHS and get immunity. Sound familiar? > The Administration proposal requires DHS to work with industry to identify the core critical-infrastructure operators and to prioritize the most important cyber threats and vulnerabilities for those operators. Critical infrastructure operators would develop their own frameworks for addressing cyber threats. Then, each critical-infrastructure operator would have a third-party, commercial auditor assess its cybersecurity risk mitigation plans. This is where tptacek sees (probably rightly) a giant windfall for the Raytheon type companies. There's nothing in CISPA that would violate those criteria. It doesn't close or censor anything. There is no possible way that a member of Congress could understand everything that they are passing laws on, so they rely on their staff members, constituents, and special interests to educate them. In this case, unlike SOPA, there were quite a few people who do understand Internet technology who supported the bill. I think it is better to think of the LHC as a global scientific instrument that just happens to be located in Switzerland. I think it's culturally beneficial for science to be freed from nationalist impulses and become a joint enterprise of the world. As we learn more about the universe, the scale and expense of the leading edge of science will increase to the point that only global participation can afford (if we're not there already). I love it too; much easier to find features I don't use regularly. Fair or not, I feel like people who complain about it today (years after it launched) are just announcing, "I'm bad at adapting." How would this crush the carriers when, as an MVNO, Apple would be writing the carriers a giant check every month to use their towers? The CLEC wars proved that you can't use a network owner's wires to compete against them. > There are currently 22% more open job positions in this area compared to last year If there is an overall shortage of qualified developers, paying more to hire great developers does not fix it. All it does is raise the salaries of the existing qualified developers. That is fine and great for them, but it doesn't solve the shortage. I have two reactions to this. 1) Welcome to the Internet; if you're high profile, you're going to get attacked. This is the new reality and why companies like Facebook or Google support/tolerate cybersecurity legislation. The growth in threats just in the last 12 months has been significant. 2) Your site loaded instantly for me, and you're asking for money...color me suspicious. At minimum I'd like to see some actual evidence before believing that Rupert Murdoch or Exxon are DDOSing your site. Of course it's wrong; all scientific theories are provisional approximations, and the conflicts between quantum mechanics and general relativity are well known. The hard part is proposing an alternative theory that fits all the known evidence. Quantum mechanics and general relativity both match a ton of observations; anything that is going to replace them will need to at least match the same set of evidence at least as well. Put another way--when one theory replaces another, it must be fully contain the previous theory. General relativity, when applied to everyday human experience (i.e. not super fast, super big, super heavy), produces Newton's law of gravity. Personally I think the next step in scientific understanding is in information theory. It has the possibility of unifying chaos theory, computer science, physics, and biology. I think this is how we'll develop an description of consciousness for example. We've already seen some preliminary reports that information theory can reproduce gravitation theory for instance. http://www.technologyreview.com/blog/arxiv/24975/ Oh I definitely am just responding to this headline and article; I won't pretend to be any sort of expert on Penrose's views. Personally I agree with you that consciousness is an emergent property of certain complex systems. I think some folks would like to rest free will on the probabilistic uncertainties we see in quantum equations. But IMO that is not necessary since we know through chaos theory that deterministic systems can still produce unpredictable results at high levels of complexity. And the brain is pretty damn complex. I really have to read this book, since I've heard this sort of thing before and it never made sense to me why this matters. I mean, of course quantum mechanics is involved in the operations of the brain; it's involved in the operations of literally every single aspect of physical reality except gravity. People say things like "the brain uses quantum mechanics" and I think "yes, but so does Coca Cola, erosion, and rust." Then presumably they'll also be removing books like this one? http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/web-security-testing-cookboo... Chrome is less protection that you might think, given that most spearfishing attempts target Flash, PDF, or Java vulnerabilities. You're welcome to believe whatever you want, but you're not welcome to your own facts. If you can point to specific language in CISPA that would relate to or enable powers similar to SOPA (or any powers to control digital communication at all), I'd be really interested to see it. A physical address and contact info on your site shows that you are a real company and above-board (i.e. not a scam operation). One of the pay-fors for the PPACA is a 3.8 additional tax on investment income above a certain level. Successful entrepreneurs looking to take some money out of their business have a good chance of hitting this tax. This is a consequence of attempting to make every piece of new legislation revenue neutral. If the main purpose of the bill will cost money, Congress will look elsewhere to find new revenue. That is how a bill about patient data portability ends up having tax implications for expats. It would certainly be within the rules for Congress to just pass spending and revenue bills separately, but it would be politically difficult. Honest question, and I promise I'm not trying to be antagonistic: why do that to yourself? Why not Chrome or Safari or even Firefox? Why keep using Opera at all? You're now ranting at my sober and factual comment. My suggestion is to be the change you want to see: calm down and put more substance in your communications. I have personally known several corporate security teams who only found out that their networks had been penetrated because a federal agent called them and told them their networks were talking to known malware control IPs in Asia. This happens because of a mismatch in the levels of sophistication of the corporate security defense team vs. the security threat team. The defense team is simply not aware of what the threat teams are capable of, or the extent to which attacks are being specially and carefully crafted to target individual companies. It's important to understand how common this is. For years most companies have not had to worry much about security because they were not previously targets. Now they are the targets of attacks that are carefully researched and crafted to target their particular vulnerabilities, and in many cases actual specific employees or users. So most companies are playing catch up. First, they are having to learn much more about the details of the full stack of their technology, from the hardware firmware through the OS, applications, local networking, and internetworking. It's no longer enough to trust vendors, which for years was the corporate way. Second, to speed this up, they are trying to figure out how they can learn from each other, from security experts, and from the government without triggering all sorts of legal consequences like shareholder lawsuits, antitrust investigations, privacy lawsuits, etc. This is where the desire for bills like CISPA comes from--to simplify what appears to them to be a legal minefield. The feeling is that the bad guys can all freely share threat info with one another, but corporate security teams are legally limited in how they can share info about vulnerabilities and defense. Much of the high-end outdoor gear industry values quality and durability. For example I bought my MSR backpacking stove in 1994 and it still works as well today as it did then. I've had to replace a few o-rings, which the product is designed to make pretty easy. It will most likely last me the rest of my life. It's a long way from the cell culture to the human being when it comes to pharmaceutical effects. That is one of the main reasons it costs so much to develop new drugs--most compounds that produce promising effects in vitro are indistinguishable from placebo during human trials (if they even get that far). The pharmaceutical industry actually tested BPA as an estrogen replacement decades ago, and did not adopt it because BPA did not produce measurable results. Today most of the BPA warnings are based on extrapolations from cell cultures. But based on the history of drug development such extrapolations are rarely valid. This is why U.S. regulatory agencies have not banned BPA; there just hasn't any solid evidence yet that BPA harms humans at the incidental levels of exposure most people experience. I think we need to distinguish between the concept of "repairable" vs. "user repairable." An iMac hard drive is designed to be very repairable; but it's not designed to be easily user-repairable. Sometimes I think I am too cynical. My first reaction is that it's an overly clever and self-consciously hip site, with a blatant rip-off name...just a few more people trying to ride a bubble before it pops. But I am probably just too cynical. Why step on positive energy? Go get 'em. I would say yes, there are objective probabilities. For instance a path integral in quantum mechanics sums all possible paths for a particle along with each path's probability; if the calculations are done correctly, the numbers for a particular calculation will come out the same every time, even if different people perform the calculations. Since the facts and outcomes are observably equal for different people, I would say this fits the definition of objective knowledge. It is what makes quantum mechanics testable and useful. There are plenty of other examples, like the Monty Hall problem, where many different people have confirmed the objective truth of a probability through direct testing. The problem I see with this question is that it is couched as a philosophy question, not math or physics. That's what makes it "hard". How many people in the U.S. do you think follow a career path like Mark Cuban's? Don't use an extreme outlier to make a general point. Everyone learns to think one way or another, and it continues well past 18. The human brain is still physically developing at 18. So since you're going to learn to think after 18, a good college education provides the shortest cut to learning to think WELL, based on the accumulated experience of thousands of years of human history. I think the problem is that people do not understand that better education raises the ceiling in almost any job. For example, a web developer might think that studying English or history would not help them do their job at all, but business is filled with contracts, memos, emails, and other writing that carries all kinds of subtext. The abilities to critically analyze and construct written arguments are invaluable in the business world. English or history educations teach these abilities. It's like a mental martial art...you might not need it much, but if you don't know it, you're easier to beat up. Are you an aggregator or a publication? If you're an aggregator, then the thing to bring to your readers' attentions is the link to the original blog post. That way you drive traffic to the original content. For good examples of what this looks like, see Hacker News or Techmeme, or any of John Gruber's link posts on Daring Fireball. If you're a publication, and it seems to me that you're positioning yourself that way, then write your own original stuff. You can still play off stories like this, but the way to do it is to extend the story with your own original reporting. Interview cab drivers about it. Dig out the story of how those buttons got into that interface. Who decided to put them there? Who build the software? Who designed the interface? In other words, add value. I find the whole idea of using "sheep" as a shorthand for adherence to social norms to be immature. To me it smacks of the adolescent impulse to distinguish oneself from one's parents, and by extension, from any perceived authority--social or otherwise. It's not a great long-term strategy, but it satisfies an emotional need. I strongly agree with you that data manipulation is becoming the new essential literacy of the information revolution, as reading, writing, and 'rithmetic were to the industrial revolution. As the basis of economic value shifts from materials to information, the people who can best manipulate information will be best positioned to succeed. An important point to note here is that this skill must come on top of industrial-age skills like the "3 Rs". You have to know reading, writing, and math so that you know what to code (which matters more than the code itself, really). That said, I think you might be underestimating the speed at which data and coding is permeating various industries. The finance industry has almost totally converted...the head of JP Morgan has boasted, for instance, that they employ more programmers than Microsoft. Even in politics, most significant campaigns now devote a lot of programming and IT resources to gathering and analyzing information about potential supporters and voters. I think this is a bit of a straw man. Hasn't the FCC already made it clear that blocking entire protocols is illegal? And, I don't know that I can recall many content folks arguing that BitTorrent as a whole should be blocked. My memory is that they complain that BitTorrent is heavily used for piracy (which is factually accurate), and propose ways to stop the piracy. For example SOPA did not target BitTorrent as a protocol or technology, but instead tried to shut down foreign websites that provide links to pirated content. > It is losing money, sure, but short term losses are not important when you're talking about entering a market as large as the mobile phone market after the existing players are firmly entrenched. I think the point on mobile is that Microsoft itself was a well-entrenched player in mobile, and they laughed[1] while allowing that position to get completely eroded by less experienced competitors. It's true that after that happened, they've seemed to build a pretty good project in Windows Phone 7. But I don't think it's really accurate to start the scorekeeping so recently. [1]: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eywi0h_Y5_U edit: formatting It will be a while before that comes to pass. There aren't any significant competitors to Excel, Active Directory, or Exchange. If your "carousel" uses fade transitions, then it is not "rotating". I don't think there is an accepted universal term. I try to stick to what it is actually doing...if it fades, it's a fader. If it slides it's a slider. In 2001, the U.S. passed a tax cut bill that immediately sent rebate checks out to most households. It produced a modest, short-lived bump in the economy but did not increase sustainable demand or create long-term growth. It certainly didn't prevent the recession after 9/11 or the financial meltdown. Government-funded spending does spur economic activity--true. However it is merely temporary and is essentially borrowing money from the future to buy fake economic growth today--which is why governments reserve it for truly crisis situations like the ones you list above. The illustration of the door handle is a great example of piss-poor affordance. A slight ridge is not going to clearly communicate push vs. pull. Especially since our fingers, when gripping, actually like a ridge to fill in the open angle behind the first knuckles. If you want someone to push, give them a big fat flat metal plate or bar to push on. If they can't pull, they are guaranteed to get it right every time. I bet pretty much every restaurant kitchen and high school gym door in the U.S. gets this right. I'm not in control of my email inbox; the thing fills up faster than I can deal with it. From a GTD lifehacking perspective this is bad. From a normal human perspective this is bad; I don't like to feel that I am perpetually disappointing people by not responding to them quickly. I could put a lot of time and effort into getting it under control and keeping it under control. In fact I've tried a few times, although it always reverted back to out of control as soon as I got busy again. Re-read that last sentence--I let it go "as soon as I got busy again." It took me a while but I realized that this is actually my own healthy attitude about email...it's not what keeps me busy. My real work is what keeps me busy, or my family, or my friends. Email is what I fit in around the real stuff I do. I've accepted that email management means simply choosing who to disappoint on a daily and sometimes hourly basis. In a way it's flattering that all these people want my attention and efforts. But it's not sustainable. So I've consciously tried to shift my mental energy from trying to "fix" my email, to simply trying to make the best decisions about who to disappoint as I go along with my real work. Google owns Blogger and hosts all their official blogs there. Example: http://analytics.blogspot.com/ That does not prove gmailaccountrecovery.blogspot.com is an official blog though. Edit: for clarity Agreed on all that; my post was just addressing the last question. This is the state of the Internet under the DMCA--anyone can post or repost anything, even if they don't own it, and it is the burden of the original content owner to find each instance of unauthorized use and request it be taken down. Part of Maddox's post addresses the frustration this can cause among people who create original content for a living. It seems to me that this frustration drives a lot of the worst impulses of groups like the RIAA and MPAA. It also seems likely to me that there could be good technological solutions to the problem, that don't require lawsuits and crazy new laws. However, there is no incentive for people to develop these technological solutions. Instead the financial incentives (in this case, ad revenue) drive tech folks to build stupid sites like Ranker.com. Acknowledged: I'm only addressing part of the story here...the friendly "you might like this!" emails are ridiculous. It's probably some 20 year old making 8 dollars an hour sending them...the 21st century equivalent of the telemarketer. Investors have always had Tim Cook's ear--that was part of his leadership role at Apple for many years. Now that he is CEO I don't see why that would change. Tim Cook is a very talented business and operational manager. I don't think he should try to become a "product guy" CEO just because Steve Jobs was a product guy CEO. He should stick to spending his personal time on doing what he does best--operations. Yeah, product development at Apple is going to suffer because Steve Jobs is gone. There's nothing anyone can do about that, including Tim Cook. The thing that Cook has to do is protect what remains of the great creative processes that are still going. If we hear that investors have Ives' ear, that's when it's time to panic. Google is a tool and Facebook is entertainment. If you look at the history of advertising, entertainment companies have done far better than tool companies. Who made more money in the 20th century--the magazine publishing industry or the Yellow Pages? Think of Facebook like a magazine. When people read through National Geographic, are they looking to buy a camera right then? No. And yet all the camera companies advertize heavily in Nat Geo because having their ad next those photos creates a positive brand association. Facebook is developing the ability to show ads that are contextual to whatever you're reading or talking about on Facebook. Their success won't be measured in clicks, but in the same way companies have valued brand ads for decades--by statistical research. Be aware of the potential downside to setting very long "expires" headers. There are sometimes caches deep in the darknesses of the Internet that obey these, which can cause havoc if you redesign and reuse any filenames (for instance logo.png). We've had situations where a site appeared broken to a subset of end users for weeks because we tweaked the look and feel, and the new logo (different size and look) was named logo.png just like the old logo...which had an "expires" header of about one month. So even after clearing all local and server-side caches, some users were getting our new HTML with our old logo horribly jammed into it--dutifully being served from some unknown cache somewhere until it hit the "expires" time. Facebook made almost a billion dollars in profit last year on gross margins of around 25%. They obviously have a business model and it's obviously working pretty well. Now--could they fail? Of course, but I don't see any reason now that they must fail, based on what we know now. I find it kind of funny to see the complaints about Facebook's financial future...I'm old enough to remember when Google was a cool new free technology, but no one knew how the heck such a simple search engine was going to make money. I think Dawkins' narrow concept of "the gene" is outdated, and he does not realize it because he is an old biologist, not an information scientist. A "gene" was never a physical object, it is an information object--a mental placeholder for the smallest chunk of genetic information that determines a physical trait. But as our understanding of the nature of information has advanced, it seem like the gene is ultimately an obscuring concept, not a revealing concept. A "gene" is not a specific, standardized DNA sequence. As a concept it is not physically specific enough to tie into the stack of rigorous scientific knowledge that starts with quantum mechanics and ascends through physics, past chemistry, to biology. As a result it cannot be treated wholly mathematically, which leaves open the risk of storytelling vs. actual rigorous hypothesizing and testing. The last few chapters of "The Selfish Gene" are filled with fuzzy, untestable storytelling for instance. On the other hand, as a unit of information it is far too specific and limited, because of course a gene is not the only way that information can be passed from one generation to the next. Information is also passed through society and culture--and yes, that can lead directly to physical traits. For instance my wife has pierced ears, and so does my mother-in-law. This hole in the ear is a physically measurable trait of both those humans, and it was caused by the direct passage of information from one generation to the next. That chunk of information just does not happen to meet Dawkins' conception of a "gene". But why does he get to define which information "really matters", and which doesn't, when it comes to physical traits and survival of the fittest? When I read this book review I see Dawkins attempting to defend an early, fuzzy conception of an information theory. Evolution is an information process, and information is information is information, regardless of whether it is coded in DNA, in societal behavior, or in the printed word. I have not read the book in question, but Wilson might be better equipped to break down old distinctions because of his focus on social behavior--which carries information. Ironically Dawkins started down this road with his idea of the "meme" but has not been able to make the mental leap to a fully realized information-centric vision of life and evolution. Biologists are in for a hard time in the next few decades. A lot of fuzzy concepts that they take for granted--like "gene"--are going to be broken down and reformulated rigorously by mathematicians and computer scientists. It is already well on its way--a friend who started his Ph.D. in evolutionary biology in the lab now spends the vast majority of his time at his laptop, coding hypotheses and tests against a deep data set of sequenced genomes. Warning: the preceding has been the ravings of an interested amateur and should not be considered Real Authoritative Science. edit: fixes Is there any way to access the official PageRank reading on a Mac? As far as I know Google Toolbar is not available for that platform. I could die while driving--it happens tens of thousands of times per year--but I still drive places because it is much more convenient than the alternatives. Gmail is very convenient, so I use it despite the very small risk that it will backfire on me. That would be a problem if your Gmail was hacked. The GP is talking about Google themselves blocking access. I'm not worried that Google will reset my passwords in other accounts. I get what you're saying although I personally would not put it so "mystically." I would start by saying that the quoted sentence perpetuates the Cartesian mind/body dualism, where "my body" is not "my self." But that dualism is outdated. It arose from a philosophical approach to understanding natural phenomena that we have since discarded in favor of the scientific method. So now we know a few things that Descartes did not know: 1) We--human beings--are entirely natural phenomena. We're not special or distinct in any physically measurable way. We are as subject to the scientific method as anything else. 2) We have never observed a human self separate from the human body. The vast preponderance of the evidence (i.e. all of it) is that what we call "mind" is simply one aspect of a physical human body. So I would say that if we consider mind and body as simply different aspects of a unified concept of a human being, then in fact we do experience direct contact with reality. When I touch water with my fingertips, my fingertips are part of me--so I am in direct physical contact with reality. My brain also performs processing on the fingertip signal to store and match it against my mental model of the universe. But that is not any more inherent to my self than my fingertip is. I think the GP means things like it's ok to leave a 4 year old throwing a temper tantrum with a baby sitter while heading out for date night. Doing such a thing won't hurt the kid at all, but will do wonders for maintaining a healthy happy marriage. Having parents who are burnt out, resentful martyrs does not help a kid. NOTE: This does not mean it is ok to abandon a child to the wolves, and it's not meant to justify mistreatment of special needs children. If a child has special needs, it will obviously place a much higher burden on the parents. All true, but consider that parenthood is not the only path to deeply emotional experiences. You might not have experience with other ways, like extended fasting, extreme adventure, religious revelation, etc. Calling it "cognitive dissonance" may be condescending, but consider that telling people without kids, "you simply don't get to pass judgement on this" can also come across as condescending. It also doesn't help to start the comment with "balls to this." I don't think the issue here is rationality vs. non-rationality, but rather allowing a diversity of opinion. If your perspective is not more or less correct than anyone else's, then what was the problem with altrego99's comment? Who are you to tell him what he can and cannot think? While my parents would probably not agree, I could make a pretty good case they would have been personally better off without me. The stress of parenting was a major factor in their divorce, with the result that they each experienced years of deep pain, unhappiness, and loneliness. And they are each much less financially secure as they approach retirement than they would have been otherwise. In addition there is a huge range of experiences that they have missed because they needed to be my parent. Opportunity cost cuts both ways. Parents would say that nonparents don't know what they are missing, but the opposite is true as well. I know couples who decided against kids, who have had amazing experiences together that they could not have otherwise managed or afforded. You might believe that those experiences can't compare to being a parent, but without experiencing them yourself, how can you really know? Ethical objections aside, clearly he doesn't want to do that. I solved my wrist pain by doing two things. 1) I switched from a mouse to a trackpad. On my PC I have an old Fingerworks trackpad I got off eBay, and on my Mac I have a Magic Trackpad from Apple. The trackpad allows me to completely relax my hand between my use of the pointer--which is most of the time. When I do move the pointer, and click, I can do it with a single semi-relaxed finger. Whereas a mouse, or even a trackball, required me to hold most of my hand in tension to move or click. On the trackpad I exclusively use tap-to-click...mechanical buttons are bad for fingers and wrists because they require a lot more force. 2) I go kayaking regularly. Gripping and manipulating the paddle gives my wrist and fingers a low-impact workout through a wide range of motion. It helps keep the muscles and tendons healthy. Plus being healthy in general helps improve almost any physical ailment. Edit to add: With the trackpads I have had to train myself to let my right hand completely relax when I'm not pointing the mouse. When I started trying to pay close attention to my right hand, I realized that I was holding it in tension most of the time even when sitting back--sort of anticipating the next mouse usage. I've had to consciously focus on completely relaxing it whenever I'm not mousing or typing. A broad stock index fund is a great inflation hedge, but a lot of people don't like the volatility. The most conservative hedge against inflation is probably TIPS. http://www.treasurydirect.gov/indiv/products/prod_tips_glanc... You're guaranteed not to lose any money to inflation. But, you probably won't make any money either. ACTA could be signed in the U.S. without Senate ratification because it doesn't change a single thing in U.S. domestic IP law, so there really isn't anything for the Senate to ratify. Wyden knows this; his request is largely grandstanding. This is not necessarily true in other countries, which is why their legislators are getting involved. Without commenting on the TPP specifically, I will point out that this is the process that the Constitution sets out for international treaties: the executive branch negotiates them as they see fit, then the agreement is presented to the Congress for ratification. If TPP makes it that far (no guarantee it will), the Congress will have plenty of opportunity to read and react to it--especially now that Fast Track has expired. Just look at how many times the negotiators had to go back to the table on the South Korea and Colombia free trade agreements to satisfy Congressional objections. I've never clicked on a Facebook ad either, but I've run ads on Facebook and they got clicked a lot. The cost per new user was lower than Google Adwords. I'm not sure it's a good idea to dismiss Facebook's chances at making money from ads yet. I've never clicked on a TV ad either, but stations make hundreds of billions of dollars from those ads every year. That industry took many decades to grow to that point though. Micropayments haven't taken off because people don't want to pay 3 to 5 cents for anything. The perception of value is so low that even a one-button form is too much friction in the user experience. If your article is only worth 3 cents, just show it to me for free and put an ad on the page. I do. I believe the fundamental issue is one of user experience. I think if you force the user to make an affirmative decision to pay every time they want to read an article, a huge number will not bother, even if the cost is negligible. Especially since there will probably be 5 other news sources who are "summarizing" the same content for free, with ads. The decision to buy can definitely be irrational, but that can cut both ways. Buyers might decide against purchasing even when the product is clearly affordable. Consider the Facebook social reader apps like the Washington Post. If you click through from your Facebook news feed, you need to authorize the app to read the article. It's a one-button form, it's totally free, and you could revoke the app whenever you want. And yet, a huge percentage of people cancel out of it. Would I pay 5 cents to read a NYTimes article from Hacker News? Maybe yes, maybe no, depends on the article. The point is that I would be forced into my "purchase mindset" every time. Doesn't grounding the networks essentially return the atmospheric charge to the state it would be in if there were no networks? Unless they're in a dogfight, airplanes do not require constant attention to the outside world. That's why autopilots and drones are technologies that have been available in the aerospace industry for years, but are just now getting good enough to consider in cars. Also consider the amount of training that goes into becoming a fighter pilot, vs. learning to drive a car. Powerful interfaces are complex and require a lot of training to manage properly under stress--which is when it is most important to do it right. That said, modern cars do have a lot of controls on the steering wheel: all the typical blinkers, brights, horn, etc. and now often radio controls, cruise control, telephone Bluetooth controls, even gear shifting paddles. HUD has been tried in cars before, but never caught on. Drivers tended to find it more distracting than helpful. Most of the information for driving does not need to be so..."contextual", the way that, say, a missile targeting system does. Anything that intercedes itself directly between the driver's eyes and the outside world could be dangerous. I do agree with you that the touchscreens in the dash are frickin awful UI design. I think they are like the "store" setting on LCD TVs--their main job is to look cool in the showroom. That graphic is hilarious. WTF do all those cryptic numbers and arrows mean?? Even if I knew, I would have to stare at them for a second or two to collect and parse the data. You might start by asking yourself why, in 2012, almost every car still comes with an analog (dial-style) speedometer. The answer is that they are unambiguous and easily scanned. You do not need to actually read the numbers, and can collect the speed data in a quick eye flick (well under 1 second). Again: everyone already tried digital speed readouts in the 1980s. They sucked. Engineering and innovation create continuous pressure on good user interfaces. The Google homepage is a well-known example from the web of a UI that successfully resisted this pressure to very good effect. (Although even the Google homepage is slowly succumbing.) Consider something like GPS. The greatest visual interface for GPS directions is none at all. The driver in need of directions should be able to ask for them verbally and receive instructions verbally--that way they can maintain their visual scan. In the age of paper maps, everyone knew it was silly to try to drive and unfold and read a map at the same time...somehow this common wisdom has been forgotten just because we can use pixels now. What about IFR? What is the automotive equivalent of IFR? Wait, are you a pilot? IFR (instrument flight rules) means you must be able to fly looking solely at your instruments, not out the window. There's no equivalent in driving. I think you might be thinking of ILS. Disclaimer: I'm not a pilot, although I did stay at a Holiday Inn last night. One of the provisions in CISPA is that the NSA will have to set up a way to share classified threat data with network operators. Now, would the NSA have shared this particular attack? I'm guessing no, since they probably wrote it to begin with. To put this in perspective, it is an attack against MD5, which we have known for years now is not secure anymore. I think it is likely that both Apple and Microsoft will be around 50 years from now, so they will serve as reminders of their founders. For example, JP Morgan Chase still survives today to remind us of JP Morgan. I don't think Steve Jobs will be remembered as a business entrepreneur, he will be remembered as an innovator or inventor, similar to Thomas Edison. Edison "invented" (in reality, oversaw the mass commercialization of) many of the technologies that became the building blocks of the industrial revolution. Jobs "invented" (in reality, oversaw the mass commercialization of) many of the technologies that became the building blocks of the information revolution. Accurate? No, not really, but the popular perception of Edison is not accurate either. These are the modern myths of America, and myths are not remembered for their accuracy. If you are building a PhoneGap application, why would you need: -moz-transition: opacity .15s ease-in-out; transition: opacity .15s ease-in-out; A PhoneGap app runs in a Webkit view on both iOS and Android. You do not need to run a surplus to pay back government debt. Debt payments are and will be included in the regular annual budget of the U.S. government. In fact an annual surplus creates additional government debt because the only place the U.S. federal government can store profit is in U.S. Treasury bonds (see: the Social Security "trust fund"). This is why there was so much interest in refunding the surplus to taxpayers. Now is a great time for the U.S. to be borrowing, because everyone wants to give us their money. Treasury yields continue to hover well below their historical averages. Even at long-run average rates of economic growth and inflation, we will stay ahead of today's Treasury yields and afford our payments. So: your numbers might be accurate (I don't have the time to check them), but your assumption that we can never pay our debt is flawed. I came away with the same impression--they have no idea how it happened. In their defense though, Wordpress by default lets site administrators directly edit PHP template files through a browser textarea. That means a lot of security is riding on user-set passwords. Normally I'd say that could be mitigated by denying apache write access on the core files. But doing so would break the ability for users to initiate core updates via the web browser. So if you can break/guess an admin password, you can upload arbitrary PHP code which has full write access to the appplication files. There's not really any way to secure that. I'm sure that's why Wordpress.com does not run individual full instances of Wordpress--it's the world's largest multisite installation of Wordpress and site owners can't touch the core files. How would Cloudflare help if the site is already compromised? I watched your video. It does not seem to explain how the fingertip position in each photo was calculated, which it seems to me is really the heart of the magic. Not a bad guess but I'd be interested to actually know the details. Making it all by hand would be problematic for reasons beyond the sheer volume. How would one find a deep, diverse set of images of people pointing? How did the creators ensure they had images to cover all possible pixel positions within a certain proximity? It seems like it would take reviewing many more than 900 images to produce a final set of 900 that includes even coverage. Ok I get the potential privacy implications, but two things. 1) Aerial surveillance is not new. Ever seen the signs on the highway that say "speed limit enforced by aircraft?" Local jurisdictions have been flying small planes and helicopters for law enforcement for decades. 2) What is electronic about this? I mean, I get that the drones use electronics to gather and store data, but this feels like mission creep at the EFF to me. There are plenty of battles to fight online. Consider the offsetting financial incentives here. Sites like FunnyJunk can be created by a small team, allow the upload of a ton of copyrighted content by users, and then run ads next to copyrighted content. Boom, instant money, and if they do well, maybe an acquisition (see: YouTube). All they have to do is keep up with DMCA takedowns, which are few and far between from small content producers like The Oatmeal. Meanwhile, if you want to build a company to automate content protection, you have to go find deep-pocketed content creators from day one. I don't know of any way to run ads against the creation of DMCA takedowns. So the financial incentives are totally asymmetric. It's way easier and more lucrative to create a platform for infringing content, than for protecting it. Until that changes, small creators like The Oatmeal will get victimized. I don't think you've thought this through. The difference between Reddit and FunnyJunk is that FunnyJunk actually hosts the image files on the FunnyJunk server, keeping visitors there. Reddit does not host anything but text--when you post an "image" to Reddit, you're really just posting a link. This drives the traffic to The Oatmeal (or whoever), who can then monetize it. Reddit is an example of a web startup doing it right. They drive tons of traffic around the web. Techmeme is another, and so is Hacker News. I'm not super familiar with Pinterest personally, but from what I've read, they drive significant amounts of traffic around the web, particularly to e-commerce. My understanding is that it is like Reddit, but with thumbnails. That seems (to me anyway) on the right side of the line. Sites like FunnyJunk drive no traffic anywhere. They're built to suck in other people's content and keep all the traffic on the FunnyJunk servers. Good to see input from noted Internet historian Noam Chomsky. What if there is a social upper limit on energy development? Ever-greater energy generation density and capacity means that any mistakes are likely to have correspondingly larger consequences. We should be using our remaining fossil fuels to fund the development of advanced nuclear power, which has much greater power density and capacity. Instead huge portions of society are pushing for solar and wind and geothermal etc, which are less dense and lower capacity. There simply is not the appetite to accept any nuclear fission accidents. And let's face it, accidents are inevitable on a long enough time span with complex new technologies. But we're not going to cross interstellar space on solar and wind. You're being too sensitive, and a bit sanctimonious too. Kids learn to communicate from their parents, so Jeff's kids, should they ever read this, will know he is being hyperbolic. Only for the Federal Reserve, who has a mandate to manage for a stable economy--so they are careful with their currency creation. If every U.S. citizen could create dollars, we would indeed have hyperinflation. I would argue that the virtual economy is already eclipsing the material economy, just not in the way you think of it. Compare the trends in value creation and employment between U.S. manufacturing and U.S. financial services. Modern finance is largely computerized or computer-assisted arbitrage based on asymmetric information...the "objects" being traded are virtual. And over the past 20 years it has greatly outpaced manufacturing in job and value growth. And this does not even consider the growth in product design and software products and services, which are also virtual. edit: I a word. I know it's not in the fun tone of these particular proceedings, but consider that this exchange illustrates a problem that does exist on the Internet: the DMCA, as it exists today, seems to create asymmetric incentives for the infringement vs. protection of copyrighted content. The collection of copyrighted content from around the web can be "outsourced" to the users of a site like FunnyJunk or (as the letter points out) YouTube. The content is then hosted and advertising run next to it, generating revenue for the hosting company. This basically allows companies to leverage the fans of content against the creators of that content. People upload The Oatmeal comics to FunnyJunk because they like the comics! But by doing so they are enabling the redirection of financial gain from The Oatmeal to FunnyJunk. To fix this redirection, the owner or controller of the copyright must then file DMCA requests for each individual instance of infringement at each individual website. It's an impossible task, as The Oatmeal has pointed out repeatedly. And I don't know of any way to crowdsource it--to incent The Oatmeal fans to do it for The Oatmeal. We're all cheering for The Oatmeal now, but tell the same story with The Pirate Bay and Sony Music, or YouTube and Viacom, and would the comments below be of the same tenor? I would guess probably not. But the structural issue is exactly the same. I'm not advocating for any particular solution, just trying to draw parallels. Have to disagree with this. It's an interesting attempt at criticism, but I think it's stretching too far. What Prometheus is "actually about" is sucking dollars out of moviegoers' wallets. For many years Ridley Scott resisted the calls to revisit the "Alien" universe, and when he finally gave in he produced a shallow, overly-marketed, slickly commercial film that looks great but lacks a soul. We've seen this before: the Star Wars prequels (which disappointed fans also tried to analyze and criticize into something more meaningful). Prometheus was a dud; let's just accept that and go watch "Alien" on Blu-Ray. I certainly won't defend the jerky guys, but I will say that to be an effective journalist you have to be willing to be a jerk to people sometimes, or at least manipulative--regardless of gender. In this case the sexism is obvious in the stories, but in general most PR reps believe it is their job to "manage" (manipulate) journalists. Journalists need to be ready to fight this--with anything from friendly persuasion to persistent confrontation. The PR rep's job is to deliver a carefully crafted story to the public; the journalist's job is to tell the truth. The roles are inherently confrontational. Computerized handwriting recognition will never be good enough because even people have trouble recognizing handwriting--even their own. And once the recognition fails, you're left with computer text that needs to be corrected. How? With a keyboard. So most people just gravitate toward using the keyboard in the first place. A stylus is better for drawing (see: Wacom) but most people don't draw. The Macbook Pro narrator is Peter Coyote, who also narrated Ken Burns' National Parks documentary on PBS. Russia and China have no interest in increasing the power of the UN; they want to increase their own power relative to other nations, and in this particular case they think that the UN will be a useful channel to do so. In other situations Russia and China fight to reduce the power of the UN. Mostly situations where western powers are seeking UN legitimacy for piercing national sovereignty, such as in the run-up to the U.S. invasion of Iraq. Today Russia opposed UN intervention in Syria, and I think China does as well. But every country has laws, and the Internet is not exempt just because we want it to be. During the 20th century there were many attempts at government-directed economies, some very large. In every instance they underperformed free market economies. We tried it. It doesn't work as well. U.S. citizen here. The storage site is on hold (not scrapped) only because of fear-mongering folks like yourself. There is no technological reason to fear the rail shipment of nuclear waste. It is not difficult to engineer enclosures that will withstand the most energetic possible train wreck. And obviously they are well shielded for radiation. You said "In my opinion, government is as efficient as the private sector." Directly refuting you is not a strawman. Most stores above tiny mom-and-pop levels already do run electronic inventory control systems--and they are very particular about their details. Getting them to switch would be a very slow and expensive sales and implementation process. China has been targeting U.S. private and government computer systems for at least a decade now. Not to slow it down, but to steal data and IP. I think we are getting hung up on different usages of the word "efficient." Government can be efficient at delivering a well-defined service, or meeting a well-defined goal. For example Medicare is a pretty efficient program, and we did make it to the Moon with NASA. Efficiency can also refer to the allocation of capital toward innovations with the greatest expected payoff or outcome. This is where freely operating private markets outperformed government planning by a large margin during the 20th century. I thought we were discussing this usage of "efficient" since cturner referred to "picking winners". And these will continue to exist even if Amazon.com the company secures .amazon the TLD. I think Dave's mistake is that he believes that TLDs represent anything canonical. Originally they were meant to, but only a few do anymore[1]. In almost every case, they're just a few extra characters at the end. [1]gov and mil edit: formatting With a few exceptions, TLDs are not canonical in any real sense anymore. That ship sailed years ago when .org and .net were opened up to general registrations. And it continues to sail today: is bit.ly really based in Libya? No of course not. So who cares if Amazon.com the company secures .amazon the domain. In practical usage it's not that different from what they've done snapping up amazon domain names for years. It is also possible that you are not aware of the malware in your machine. Many pieces of malware do not require any click whatsoever to install themselves--merely visit the wrong webpage. These types of malware also are typically smarter about hiding their tracks by not dogging the machine's performance, popping banner ads, etc. To be fair, this was also the case with Flashback. No user action was required other than loading a web pages. Spanking is demonstrably not an effective way to discipline kids. There is no measurable correlation between whether a child is spanked, and a greater level of discipline or later life outcomes. Numerous research projects have shown that spanked kids do not behave any better, and several have seemed to suggest that kids who are spanked very frequently demonstrate greater aggression and more problems with discipline later in life. I understand that because it involves our parents and our children, this is a subject that evokes strong emotional responses. But the objective research is very clear, which is why spanking and other physical punishments are no longer part of any professional educational or child-care profession in the U.S. In the past few decades there have been significant advances in understanding how the human mind and brain develops during childhood. The results of these advances are taught in academia (i.e. a newly minted kindergarten teacher will likely have learned about them), but poorly disseminated to parents. The essential thing to understand is that a child is not a human. They are in the process of becoming human. So when a child breaks a rule it is not the same thing as when you break a rule. It represents a step in their development that must be guided. So discipline is not about punishment, it is about teaching and coaching. My mom is a professor of early childhood education with decades of experience and I have discussed the show with her. While Super Nanny has all the obviously silly trappings of a reality TV show, the essentials of her disciplinary techniques are accurate to the modern understanding of how children develop and how they should be disciplined. The fundamental misunderstanding in many homes is that discipline involves punishment. Discipline is in reality the process of teaching children how to manage themselves within society's rules. It is inherent in all aspects of child rearing. The most important aspect of discipline is to create and maintain a supportive, structured, healthy environment--and this is usually where Super Nanny starts: healthy meals at regular times, a set schedule every day, and clear rules that are enforced consistently. So how to enforce the rules? Two recent developments in the understanding of childhood development pertain. First, the most important thing to a child is the attention and support of their parents. Therefore supportive attention is the greatest coin in enforcing discipline. This is why "time out" works so well. Second, children--especially young children--learn far more from observation than they do from interaction. (Observation and recording is basically how the brain "boot-straps" the human mind in the first few years of life.) So parents should always model appropriate behaviors. This is why Super Nanny exhorts parents to always remain calm but firm. Parents who freak out teach kids that it's ok to freak out. So consider spanking: it delivers a mixed message. The interaction is a negative reinforcement, but a) the parent is paying a lot of attention to the kid, and b) the parent is modeling that striking another person is sometimes an ok thing to do. I will admit upfront that I lean toward the "great man" theory of history, so perhaps take this with a grain of salt. We all know the old saw that "ideas are a dime a dozen, what matters is execution." What if the strategy (integrated vs. non-integrated) matters a lot less than how well it is executed? Maybe the reason the "integrated approach" is winning is really that Apple is winning, and the reason Apple is winning is simply that they are executing better than their competitors. As several others have pointed out, the non-integrated approach kicked Apple's ass in the PC market for years. I think that is simply because Microsoft, Intel, and their hardware partners executed better than Apple. Dell made a better computer than Apple and they did it faster and cheaper too, and marketed it extremely well. Of course they won. Today with the iPad, it is Apple who is designing a better product, managing the supply chain to make it faster and cheaper, and marketing it extremely well. Their supply chain is so good that [HP could not even get their hands on equivalent parts to build a competitor.[1] So I think Microsoft can try to go integrated with Surface...it won't matter until they make it better, faster, cheaper than the iPad. Maybe Horace Dediu asked exactly the right question: Who will be Microsoft's Tim Cook?[2] [1] http://www.theverge.com/2012/6/5/3062611/palm-webos-hp-insid... [2] http://www.asymco.com/2012/06/20/who-will-be-microsofts-tim-... edit: link formatting Remember when Microsoft was a scrappy company who made fun of IBM for being so bureaucratic? Totally trendy and a good example of why the new gTLDs won't break the Internet. Most TLDs stopped really meaning anything a while ago. The distances are so great that the broadcasts of another civilization would attenuate to undetectable levels before they could reach us. Yes, because the players do not have complete information. The correct strategy is only obvious to those outside the experiment. When you extend the concept to society as a whole, we are all players. No one is outside it. That's why I agree with HSO that it's not possible to state absolutely what would best benefit society. It's the reporting requirements that create the risk of stifling bureaucracy. By listing on NASDAQ, Facebook at least gains some capital in return for this reporting. I'm really excited for the high DPI Web. Higher resolution should be the last piece of the puzzle needed to finally kill the (terrible) practice of using images or Flash or (gulp) Silverlight to display text. Finally text can be beautiful to graphic designers, but still be text to developers and software. I'd guess they are going to miss out on a lot of potential media device buyers anyway, by offering a crappy expensive product. It seems to me that a web application should not assist in its own hacking by allowing automated high-speed form submissions. Why should a form that accepts human input accept input much faster than a human can generate it? Limiting form submissions to about one every second per IP should greatly reduce the value of brute force attacks without being perceptible at all to actual users. If you're worried that will be too slow for your users, make it a tenth of a second. That should still be far too slow for enumeration or other brute force techniques to be worthwhile. Fear of what, getting fired? Is it hard for Internet-scale application engineers to get a job in the Valley these days? Is it really so hard to imagine that employees at Apple feel loyalty to the company? Employee loyalty is not an uncommon thing. I believe the room name is actually #php (hash php) so you would join ##php. Sure, that would be another way to stop automated enumeration attempts. I think it's worth considering that Netflix is the single largest source of downstream Internet traffic in all of North America. The most recent estimates I could find--from about a year ago--are that at peak, Netflix streaming consumes between about 20% and 30% of all NA available downstream bandwidth. So while Quantcast is obviously a highly available service, it seems likely to me the server resources involved are probably quite a bit higher at Netflix. > And that's why most successful startups are founded by childless, unmarried, under 30s. Do you have a citation for that? It does not match the research I'm aware of. For instance: > Founders tended to be middle-aged—40 years old on average—when they started their first companies. Nearly 70 percent were married when they became entrepreneurs, and nearly 60 percent had at least one child, challenging the stereotype of the entrepreneurial workaholic with no time for a family. http://www.kauffman.org/research-and-policy/the-anatomy-of-a... And who is now seemingly divorced and homeless. I'm sorry, I probably worded that unnecessarily harshly. My point is that while you obviously feel strongly that you have chosen the correct path for your life, you are not an objective observer. I have come to realize that my thoughts on commitment and work--which were strongly like yours--were primarily a coping mechanism for a lifestyle that was not good for me. Edit to add: This is the message of the "top 5 regrets" post linked in the HBR article: the decisions we make and defend during life might not look so great as greater perspective is gained. Of course you don't regret your devotion to your family. But what you've actually written in this thread is a defense of prioritizing work over family. So which is it? I guess I am being thrown off by the words you're choosing. "Sacrosanct" means inviolable, above criticism or priority. If something is "sacrosanct," by definition it must always come first, no exceptions. It's a black and white term. If work is sacrosanct then that means that family will always be sacrificed. But then you seem to indicate that there are time that family should come before work. You also said "I think if friends and family don't understand that your work is a priority, they should be cut loose." That seems like a pretty black-and-white position to me. But then you say that there are times that family should come first. It also seems like you're conflating family and work, saying things like "my family was my work." When what most of us mean by "work" is an external employer. When you say "My work saved my life" are you talking about raising your family or working for an external employer? So I guess I am just confused as to what you are trying to say. At first I thought you were trying to say that work should always come first. Now your devotion to your family is very clear to me, and you seem to be saying that people need to strike a proper balance. Which I agree with. Don't know why you are getting voted down, you're exactly correct. The iPod Touch and iPhone are basically 3.5" tablets. I think thing missing from this is a perspective on whether the respondents are happy with this situation, or feel that they are/would be "forced" to commit wrongdoing--to keep up with everyone else's wrongdoing. This distinction matters because if it is the latter, then it should be possible to take steps to change the culture to something that is more sustainable and self-policing. Most people want to do the right thing, and they just need to feel supported in doing so. This is the essence of "nation building" like what the U.S. is trying to do in Iraq and Afghanistan. But if 25% of Wall St. executives are happy committing wrongdoing, then a much more aggressive and intrusive level of ongoing enforcement will be needed. The terms "democracy" and "republic" are not on the same axis. "Republic" defines the origin of sovereign power (the individual citizens). The Soviet Union was also a republic, but was not democratic. "Democracy" describes how that power is exercised (through voting). Technically we're a representative democracy but that is still a type of democracy. The UK is also a representative democracy, but they are not a republic. The crucial point from the perspective of corporate procurement is that it externalizes the decision. While the parent could probably do the research and make a solid comparison to EPEAT, his employer would not believe him. Large organizations want to be able to set a policy that even dumb procurement staff can follow, and certifications like EPEAT give them that. Doctors buy their own stethoscopes. Totally agree with this analysis. The Dark Knight Rises comes out the next day, July 20. Homeless guys handing our ciphered messages with $50 bills sounds like the sort of weird techno-cultural thing you might find in a Chris Nolan movie. But it's not like that movie needs any more hype. Maybe this the first shot in a longer lead-up to a movie later in the summer. If he's already nervous about old code, why send a huge traffic spike there... There are certain activities that seem to fill the "church gap" for people. The two that I know of are surfing and whitewater kayaking. When you're on the water you are not worrying about finances or work or the rat race. Everyone is there to surf or paddle so there is little social pressure. You have freedom to go where you want, when you want, but you still find yourself constantly running into people you recognize or know. And if you want to "get involved" there are all sorts of events, committees, volunteer opportunities, schools, etc. On top of all that surfing and kayaking have the ability to create spiritual experiences. Catching a great wave, or having a great run in a rapid, can create a sense of peace and bliss. The environment around you instills awe. Those sorts of shared experiences help bring people together and create friendships. Reverting a push should be at least as fast and easy as the push itself. This minimizes downtime if you introduce a new bug. (Which I know you, the reader, would never do, but other people might, so this is for them.) Using this workflow, if you break your site, reverting would require either a) fixing the bug and then doing another push or b) looking up and typing in the hash of the last known good commit. Neither of these are as fast and easy as "git push". Our solution is to deploy with tags. Every push to production gets its own tag, and that is what we checkout into production. If the site breaks, you just checkout the previous tag name and you're reverted. This way reverting is exactly as easy and fast as pushing new code. This is largely hindsight bias--because we did go to war with Afghanistan in response to 9/11, you look back at planning prior to 9/11 and perceive it as proof that war with Afghanistan was inevitable. Prior planning is not proof of future action. For instance the U.S. spent decades planning in great detail how to go to war with the USSR, but we never did it. Put another way--every war-like situation the U.S. has ever entered was pre-planned to some extent. But we also planned for a great many wars that never happened. I love the irony in statements like this when they are comments on major media news stories. The story obviously is not being buried if Fast Company, Forbes, and other major news sites are covering it. Because it's even more newsworthy that a 15-year-old did it, and news sites are in a constant battle for our attention. Why would this tire you out, though? I'd be really interested to see a detailed accounting of the oil industry subsidies you refer to. When I've looked into this in the past, all I've been able to find are things like the depreciation of capital assets, which, while it could be considered a subsidy, is not specific to the oil industry. The numbers are very big, but that is because the oil industry makes some of the largest capital investments in industry. Grammar is probably more important for sales than it is for developers. I get a few sales pitches and tend to dump the ones with poor grammar. I feel like: if they can't bother to send a clean pitch, how well are they going to manage my account? No. The Casimir force is a consequence of the fact that the lowest energy state of a field is not zero. However, because it is the lowest energy state, by definition you cannot extract any energy from it. I buy Claritin over the counter at a price of about $40 for 200 pills. It used to cost $80 for 30 pills, and was only available by prescription. I don't think you understand economics. If Company A could sell this test for less than the tests available by Companies B and C, Company A will get more sales. If the product is much cheaper to manufacture, then they get better margins too. Any company in the world would jump at a chance for higher volumes at higher margins. A classic that never gets old. It can be summarized as: "If your idea was going to fix email, it would have fixed email." There's a big difference between aggregate monitoring what folks on the Internet say, and actively attempting to subvert the discussions on one particular message board. The former is something that every large consumer company does with tools like Radian6. The latter is the realm of grandiosity bordering on paranoid schizophrenia. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_eclipse_of_Darwinism I agree...I thought the common wisdom is that scientists like proving each other wrong. In my experience that is not a myth. I feel like this question is pointless gotcha journalism. You could apply it to any major tech company and you would get muddled answers. - What is Google? They are a search company. So why do they have an email service and a cell phone operating system? Why are they inventing self-driving cars and buying major hardware companies? Why are they pushing a social network so hard? - What is Apple? They are an electronic device company. But they have by far the most successful retail stores in the world, and they are one of the largest online retailers in the world. - Speaking of retail, what is Amazon? The world's largest online retailer, right? So why are they running a huge cloud computing project? Why are they making tablets? - What is Microsoft? The world's largest software company. So why does their gaming division primarily sell hardware? Why did they just come out with their own tablets? I'm in DC and conversations here are about ideas and power. Mainly because there is so little personal money here, in comparison to modern industry hubs like NY, LA, or Silicon Valley. If you're under 40 and have a liquid $1 million in DC, you're pretty close to the top of the heap here. Just reacting to the first anecdote: Breaking a contract that is not optimal for your business is not the same thing as breaking a social norm like parking in a handicap space or berating people regularly. Contracts exist to serve the business. If you are smart you will employ great lawyers to make sure your contracts are at least equitable, if not advantageous to your company. To do this effectively, the lawyers will provide advice and create internal rules. However if you are not careful the lawyers can backdoor themselves into making business decisions. The optimal rate at which parts are shipped is a business decision. If you need to break a contract to improve the business, then break it. Calculate the risks and costs, then break it if it makes business sense. That's what Apple did and the results obviously speak for themselves. Their supply chain is the envy of the entire world. We're still talking about him, and so are his co-workers. Jonny Ive, for instance, obviously adored him, as did Tim Cook, Phil Schiller, etc. These were the folks who worked most closely with Jobs and according to the book were subject to his scorn and mind games. Yet they speak of him in glowing tones. So I think the story is much more complicated than "be mean to people if you are driven." Jobs could apparently also be very supportive and endearing to those for whom he developed respect. This probably matters a lot less than younger people think. If you grew up touch-typing you got used to being able to put data in as fast (or almost as fast) as you could think it. If the input rate is slowed down, you feel like you're going to lose thoughts before they get captured. Folks who did not grow up touch typing, though, simply learned to construct a longer-lasting mental model, which they can then write out however slowly. Think of it as a bigger buffer. In rare cases it can become enormous, and people write entire novels in their head before ever putting ink on paper (famous example: "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", which was written at a rate of about one word every 2 minutes). Or, they learned to create and capture design decisions in higher-density media (like diagrams or pseudocode), which, again, can then be typed in more slowly. It's probably much better to judge developers by the quality of their output than how fast they type--especially since most software spends way longer in production and maintenance than it does being developed. If you have two candidates who you're certain are equally good developers, then obviously the one who types faster will be more marginally more productive. But I wouldn't assume typing speed or style is an accurate proxy for programming ability. http://www.nsa.gov/public_info/foia/foia_handbook.shtml Good luck... This really shows a fundamental misunderstanding of not only the background of "net neutrality" regulation, but also of the very structure of the Internet itself. In your analogy to a printing press, you've misplaced the Internet layer. Time Warner is not the "printing press", Hacker News is the printing press. Time Warner is UPS--shipping the pamphlets, periodicals, and books to the end users. And in case you didn't know, shipping companies ARE regulated by the federal government in how they are allowed to decide what to carry. There is a set of rules called "common carrier" that specifies how shipping companies may advertise their rates, accept or decline customers, etc. It's a legal system that dates back, in the U.S. at least, to before the railroads, when stage coaches and barges were the best means of getting pamphlets from one town to another. The goal of common carrier law is ensure that members of the public are treated fairly--so that UPS does not sign a side-deal with Barnes and Noble to "accidentally" deliver all of Amazon's books 4 days late. This impetus for fair delivery is what is behind the push for net neutrality. Understand that without regulatory protection, it would be legal for Time Warner to (for example) sign a deal with Microsoft by which TW would deny passage of Linux files across the TW network. Or Verizon could sign a deal with Apple to block access to Google Play. Now--the opponents to net neutrality make a very good point that generally speaking these sorts of things have not actually happened. So one could argue that a compelling need for net neutrality has not yet been demonstrated. But your analogy is flawed. I propose a simple compromise in which ISPs can elect into one of two regulatory statuses: Unregulated and unprotected - The ISP is free to "curate" the content they deliver to customers as they see fit. However, customers may also hold the ISP responsible for their content, for example by initiating civil litigation if pornography is delivered. Regulated and protected - ISPs cannot be held legally responsible for the content they deliver, but they must deliver all content requested by customers, in accordance with published tiers of service and rate cards. Folks looking for web development work in the U.S., and are willing to move, should do some job searches in the Washington, DC area. There is a major demand in particular for Drupal developers, as more and more cabinet agencies and trade associations are switching to that CMS. But in general open-source web dev is booming. It seems like almost every large dev shop and PR agency I've talked to (and I talk to lots of them) are hiring developers right now. I think "artificial intelligence" is a total misnomer for we're talking about here. There is a lot more involved than just language. It seems possible to solve language and still not create "strong AI." See: Watson kicking ass at Jeopardy. That is pretty sophisticated language comprehension; it even got clues that involved puns and wordplay. From that it would seem totally possible to adapt this sort of intelligence to taking an IQ test. Just provide the right corpus to search and give the algorithms time to learn and be tuned. What if Watson tests out at a 150 IQ? Is he "intelligent"? After all it is an "intelligence quotient." I think most people would say no, the issue is the Turing Test. That involves language, but I think the real point is an artificial personality: a computer that can hold a conversation and evince a discernible will and opinion. It seems to me that to do that, the machine must have emotions. I'm no expert in the field, but from my layman's position I don't see nearly as many stories about studying and replicating emotions as I do about human language. Which is funny because any dog owner knows that dogs, despite having almost no formal language, are clearly willful, independent, emotional living beings. Can we even simulate a dog's emotional state with a computer? How about a bug's emotional state? I haven't heard much about that. But there is a ton of heat around language. IIRC, this was one of the elements of the WinFS project that Microsoft worked on as part of their Longhorn project. In the end they could not get it to work, dropped WinFS, and Longhorn came out as Vista. Flagged for inaccuracy. Anthony Watts has little scientific training and no credibility. This is basically a political press release. edit for spelling If you double click a malicious file disguised as a txt file, it won't necessarily open in a text editor. The point is that you might not know you had downloaded the file, or that it was executing. Imagine you're surfing the Web one day and all of a sudden this warning pops onto your screen. It would be nice to know that something downloaded from the Internet is trying to execute itself. As far back as 10.3 on my iBook, I had the scroll direction reversed, with a utility that also enabled two finger scrolling on the trackpad. The "standard" way of doing it never made sense to me, even with a mouse scroll wheel. I scrolled down and the page would go up--how did that ever makes sense? The flag is fabric and was packed very tightly into a small container. The extender bar stretches it out, but does not eliminate the creases and wrinkles from being packed so tightly. On Earth, fabric tends to relax over time as it is pulled downward by gravity and absorbs water vapor from the air. Not much of either on the moon. There is more to objectivity than where the funding comes from. The discussion of whether cell phone radios cause brain cancer is instructive. There are many people who do not fully understand the physics involved, but tend to be suspicious of technology and industry, who continue to bang the drum about the dangers of cell phone use. I've had conversations with a friend who holds a Ph.D. in toxicology in which no amount of data I could reference could shake her conviction that cell phones cause brain cancer. That is not because of where she draws a paycheck. It is simply a belief she has developed. You see the same thing in any discussion of large-scale energy technology. We've all seen the discussions of nuclear energy here on Hacker News, for instance. Is fracking dangerous? It seems almost certain it could be--any type of engineering on such a large scale has that potential. But there are almost always safer ways to engineer things. And a balanced accounting should attempt to include the benefit that natural gas as an energy source can create for our society. For example, it burns a lot cleaner than coal. This is the aspect of energy development that is most often hand-waved away, in favor of assertions that we should be 100% renewables. Of course solar, wind, and hydro all create their own safety and environmental concerns too. I feel like the assertion that VP8 is royalty-free needs to be taken with some skepticism given that (to my knowledge) it has not been tested in court. If Google is willing to indemnify the whole Web from liability that might be created if VP8 is found to infringe patents, then I'd say, let's make that the standard. I don't think they've done this though (or even could). They do very different things. View source will show the document as delivered to the browser; developer tools show the page as rendered. You really need both. That book, and your comment, conflate two different concepts: trading and investing. It's possible to invest in the stock market with very little trading. The GP's comment spells out the best strategy--use index funds to spread risk and reduce expense, and invest for long time horizons. This is still a great strategy. It's also possible to try to turn a short-term profit by trading individual stocks--often called day-trading because you clear your positions within the time period of days. High-frequency trading has greatly reduced price spreads, which makes it harder for the average guy in his underwear to compete. This is not investing though--more like gambling. For more on how high-frequency trading really works, I recommend: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3852341 The article completely misunderstands what is being advertised. The product is most definitely being shown: the Mac Genius is the product. Apple has an enormous lead over the rest of the technology industry in the quality and availability of customer support and training. This series of ads seeks to leverage and reinforce that lead. How long until we stop hearing about how Apple is going downhill without Steve Jobs? Based, most often, on totally subjective personal opinions. I guess we've forgotten how much criticism was directed at the "switcher", "I'm a Mac", and "why I love my iPhone" ads--despite being produced under the careful eye of Steve. > It's possible to criticize ads that make a poor point but are still genuinely "Apple-like". Based on what criteria? I feel like all these discussions are exercises in hindsight bias. They are "genuinely Apple-like" because Apple ran them. And now Apple is running the Genius ads. http://mattnt.com/2012/03/08/somethings-unraveling-alright/ I think the IE9 ads are pretty good. Nothing is wrong with subjective opinions, but the Invoking of the Name Steve Jobs is a needless appeal to authority. If someone thinks the ads are bad, fine, that is a valid and worthwhile opinion to share. We can talk about why we like or don't like the ads. But how can we argue about whether Steve would have ok'd them? For all we know, he personally approved these scripts 3 years ago and they are only now being produced. Presumably someone within Apple knows the truth, but aside from that person, the rest of us are just going to be grossly speculating in an attempt to seize the moral high ground of Saint Steve. When Apple announced their plans to open retail stores, there was a general reaction something like "what a huge mistake." The most recent experiences in branded computer retail had been the Gateway stores, and we all know how they turned out. This was before Steve Jobs was (apparently) universally acknowledged as an infallible business leader. Think about what we might know about Tim Cook 7 years from now. I think the ads are fine, but I can see how others might not like them. Either way I think it's a pretty big stretch to extrapolate these into a general decline for the company. > They could show the product in use. This line was part of a classic critique of Microsoft's packaging design. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUXnJraKM3k#t=1m19s I think the reference to lines of code here is not to show how great it is, but to show how complex it is. Seems to me the only possible solution is a network of trust. Start small and build outward over time. This was the approach Facebook took to solve the "real identity" problem on the Internet at scale. It seems like every thread that references Apple on Hacker News most now include a comment along the lines of "this confirms it: Apple is dying." I feel like I'm back on Slashdot. The users of Facebook are people, and as far as I know, Facebook does not change or compromise the conversations among people. I've never seen a status, comment, photo, friend request, etc. changed by Facebook. Businesses who build on the Facebook platform are not users. They are attempting to extract value from the users--just like Facebook itself is. It is not surprising that they sometimes find themselves competing with Facebook. The sort of open "infrastructure" Dalton advocates for would be great for platform businesses...of course they would love to have all the advantages of a platform (aggregated audience, aggregated data, well-defined API, etc.), without the downsides (changes to the API, competition from the platform owner). But it doesn't really matter that much to users. I can easily take my personal social graph with me...I know who my friends and family are, and I can find them again on whatever new service seems better than Facebook. After all, Facebook did it to MySpace--and without access to MySpace's social graph. Before it came out, the best guess for the name of an Apple phone was "iPhone." But Cisco already produced an Internet phone called iPhone. Apple called their phone iPhone anyway and told their lawyers to work out the price with Cisco. On the one hand this makes Apple look like jerks, but on the other hand there is no question who is in charge of marketing: the marketing guys. Not the lawyers. This decision by Microsoft seems in sharp contrast. Here the lawyers are telling the marketing guys what to do. And the result is laughably bad. It's too bad because "Metro" was a great brand name for a new user interface. 1) To get rid of a law, you have to pass a bill to repeal or change it. Most laws on the books were passed back when you only needed 51 votes in the Senate. Today, to change or repeal them, it would take 60 votes. Thus the increasing use of the filibuster directly results in government bloat and outdated laws. 2) The government is funded by annual appropriations bills. Gridlock results in omnibus continuing resolutions because it takes 60 votes to make any significant changes. Imagine if your business got to the end of every year and said "it's too hard to think up a budget for next year, let's just use the exact same budget as last year." No matter what happened last year. This is not correct. Party conflict (which is what Friedman referred to) is not the same as gridlock. To balance a budget you have to adjust spending and revenue. To do that you have to pass new bills. This is what happened during the late 1990s: the GOP Congress and the Democratic administration were forced to compromise with one another. They passed a new budget that resulted in the balanced budget. But during gridlock, it is impossible to get new bills past the 60 vote barrier. Gridlock does not create new balanced budgets, it creates omnibus continuing resolutions. CR's spend and tax exactly as they did last year. If last year wasn't balanced, next year under a CR will not be balanced either. There is literally no connection between SOPA and these cybersecurity bills. They are completely different issues which is why you see the constituencies lining up differently. No, because cybersecurity is not a voting issue. No one is going to step into the ballot box and think "hey Obama passed that cybersecurity bill, he's got my vote." It's a total niche issue. The GOP opposed this particular bill because big business opposed it, and the GOP tends to line up with them. Big business opposed it because they thought it would allow the government to regulate cybersecurity more strictly. If they're friends, why couldn't Metro-the-store have said "cool name, we obviously like it, maybe it will help us with our store branding"? Instead they puffed up their chests and Microsoft rolled. (tin foil hat on) - I wonder if there was internal support at Microsoft for dropping the name Metro, and this trademark question simply provided the cover for it. MS has repeatedly made the decision that they want the "Windows" name to be primary for EVERYTHING--even when it makes no sense like "Windows Phone". Maybe this is just evidence of the Windows brand people winning yet another internecine war within Microsoft. Maybe a decision this bad could only be made by powerful people who think they're making a good decision. "Policy Change" emails are terrible ways to address this sort of problem. People hate these sort of policy changes not because of the email, but because of the policy. It is trying to solve a productivity problem by imposing on everyone a new burdensome, non-productive task. If you think employees are not performing to expectations, their managers should tell them that clearly and honestly in person. If necessary, those particular employees should be limited from working at home, or tasked with additional reporting. That way the "punishment" fits the crime. As an aside, the second email is long and full of forced friendliness and awful corporate speak. I mean, every paragraph has the work "collaboration" in it, except the last one--which calls the managers knuckleheads. I think emails from the CEO should be short, honest, and clear. Subject: Falling Productivity Team, We are seeing falling productivity, and the pattern seems to be related to working from home. It should go without saying that we must maintain high productivity if we want to grow and succeed as a company. We need to get this fixed. In the next few days your manager will schedule a meeting with you to discuss in detail the problem and how we might solve it. Thanks, - CEO Guy There's not really much of a connection between the ownership structure--corporation vs. partnership--and the management structure of a company. In Valve's case it is probably organized as a corporation, but it actually has only a few owners. It could easily be organized as partnership. Either way, what makes it special is that the employees (who are not owners) are allowed to self-organize. But that could happen under any ownership structure. It doesn't overwrite all your originals because files are versioned in Mountain Lion. If you accidentally save changes to your original that you don't want, you can just revert to a previous version. I used to do what you describe--open the original, make changes, then Save As. Until I accidentally hit Save instead of Save As. Goodbye original. Now when I want to work off an original I make a copy of it first in the filesystem, then open the copy with the application (Photoshop usually). Since I never open the original with the app, I can't screw it up. I don't have Mountain Lion yet but the "Duplicate" functionality sounds like it will work for me. Microsoft worked for years to implement this sort of file system in Longhorn, called WinFS. In the end they could not get adequate performance and had to strip it out. Just to make it clear, the linked blog post is wrong; there is no data loss in this situation. All that happens is one more save point, which does not harm earlier save points. (aka versions) Does it? The linked blog post makes no mention of the preference setting you describe, so the author was probably running without that setting (which is off by default). I'll have to try that when I upgrade to ML next week. The big question here is data loss, which the article alleges but does not really prove. The author basically says "I don't understand versions, so I don't trust them." Many folks have pointed out that since Mountain Lion auto-saves all file versions, there actually is not any data loss. Just revert the file. However, my reading of the Apple support document [1] is that versions are discarded over time. It says: > OS X Lion manages the version history of a document, keeping hourly versions for a day, daily versions for a month, and weekly versions for all previous months. This would seem to indicate that if you downloaded a file from your camera, then made changes that were autosaved to the original file, the original version would be discarded after 24 hours had passed--the several "hourly" versions reduced to a single "daily" version. If that is true, it is really problematic. If version control software is to be trusted, I think it should not discard versions. [1] http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4753 Because they work very well for certain types of payments. Think about why this story is so noteworthy: because this sort of thing happens so rarely. The vast, vast majority of checks are written, sent, and cleared without fraud or incident. Jobs was in charge of Apple as they shipped numerous versions of Terminal.app for a period of over 10 years. If he was going to remove it, he would have. The whole point of this move is so that technical users will get a fully up-to-date version of X11, rather than whatever old version was up-to-date when the OS went gold master. Technical users will have little trouble installing it (Apple makes it easy), and will appreciate being up to date. Meanwhile my parents won't miss it. Another example of this way of thinking is that Apple apparently removed the web server software from Mountain Lion as well. As someone who builds LAMP sites for a living, this is fine with me because the Apple versions of AMP were always out of date or had some quirks. Everyone I know who develops for LAMP on Mac OS X runs MAMP or Virtual Box, not the software that ships with OS X. Great post. Beyond accepting the existence of people smarter and more talented, I would recommend seeking opportunities to work with them on teams as much as possible. It will help you stay humble, yes, but it will also help you accomplish great things. And--top secret--a lot of really great people secretly think that they are not as great as others. So you might have a spectacular team on which each person secretly thinks the rest are smarter or more naturally talented. Why would it matter if he is intelligent, respectable, or shilling? If he told you it was raining, would you look him up on Open Secrets before you grabbed your umbrella? Very interesting, thanks--did not know that. Based on that, the idea of a regulatory action does not seem unwarranted. The issue, like all regulations, would be the balance between the problem and the remedy. Is it necessary to completely ban a product to keep it away from children? I'm thinking of things like cigarettes and alcohol, and wondering why they can be less restrictively regulated than little magnetic toys. True, and the thing about PCI is that many apps probably could benefit from being forced to do this type of work. The consumer experience extends beyond just watching TV, to things like managing and viewing photos, drawing, music, and interacting with others online. Here on HN it is easy to reduce "production" to coding. And it's true--the iPad is not a good platform for coding because the user does not have shell access, and Apple does not allow IDE apps in the App Store. However, the simplicity of the interface, the quality of the display, and the extreme mobility of the form factor, make it great for the more "consumer" type of production I mention above. Incidentally the original Macintosh did not grant shell access to the user either, and for that reason was a favored web server platform of certain DOD programs. Those worried that Apple is closing off the possibility of programming should consider a longer view: with OS X, Apple introduced shell access to their OS, which is a certified Unix. Even with Mountain Lion, they are still introducing additional CLI functionality. http://www.tuaw.com/2012/07/30/new-command-line-tools-in-mou... There is more to the act of creation than writing software. "Had," unfortunately--it got DMCA'd a while ago. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0 For the past 5 years at least, all young people are computer people. Only some are geeks, but they are all immersed in computerized communications every day. I love the mental image of a whole highway full of cars slamming on their brakes to let a leaf blow by. One of the absolute biggest challenges in hiring a web design firm is getting them to understand the company and work within the real constraints of the business and budget. Pie-in-the-sky projects like this one don't demonstrate that the firm can do that. Ok, sorry, I have to admit I knew it was still up. Claiming it was taken down is a classic tactic for getting people to click through. You've been RickRoll'd. (I'm not proud of it.) Speaking of influential, check out the extensive Wikipedia page on the meme. The RickRoll has showed up in the Macy's Thanksgiving parade (with Rick Astley in person), a video from Nancy Pelosi, and a tweet from the White House Twitter feed. It is fully part of the pop culture. A lot of the heat in the critiques comes from the fact that it is not a real redesign project. If that firm had actually been hired by the Wikimedia Foundation, or even better, actually engaged with the volunteer leadership to work on implementable design improvements, you would not see such anger. But the firm did not do that, which gives the "project" the hallmarks of a pure PR exercise for the firm (which is what it obviously is). The reason this matters is that design is very hard to do because of the real constraints that must be met, in terms of existing technology, limited budget, limited time, internal politics, etc. Pretending constraints don't exist can offend people who spend a lot of their (frustrating, hard working) time actually dealing with them. I think the response would have been different if the design firm had openly approached the Wikipedia community at the beginning of their project to offer their pro bono services. Instead it seems like the designers did the work in isolation for 2 months and then sprung it on the world--not a very collaborative working style. It's a technical-sounding word that makes the speaker look smart when they are complaining about design. To me the Wired piece reads like the sort of defensive rebuttal that is usually best to put in a drawer for a day or two before sending (or in this case publishing). It's long, wandering, needlessly emotional (appeal to sexism), and in places reflects an inaccurate reading of Chris's piece. I've hired a lot of web design firms over the past decade and I've never seen or requested a 2-month-long prototype phase as the first step. The first step in a web design project is always discovery, so that the design firm does not waste their time (and my employer's money) on work that does not solve the right problems, or cannot be implemented. Ad agencies, in contrast, will typically come to a pitch meeting with some concepts or prototypes. But that is ok because ads are self-contained products that are largely free from legacy systems. > Ask everyone in the world if they "don't want to be tracked, understanding that is the economic foundation for almost all of the content they enjoy and thus they will either need to directly pay or go without" and somewhere approaching 0% will say yes. That is pretty strong hyperbole. Individual tracking is not an essential component of an advertising business model. The print and TV industries both created tremendous economic growth with an advertising model, despite not being able to track individual users. Instead companies developed a wide variety of statistical tools to analyze their markets and advertising ROI. But what do you mean by "performance"? You are talking about how the advertising industry went from measuring ads statistically, to measuring them by direct action--the click. Before the Internet, the only "ads" that were measured by direct action were coupons, because stores could keep track of redemption transactions. Other than that, it was understood that the value of ads could not be correlated to direct actions by consumers. Sort of like how no single thunderstorm can be directly attributed to global warming. It's not that online ads perform abysmally. All ads perform abysmally when they are measured by the metric of direct action at the moment of viewing--the Internet was just the first time that could be directly measured on every ad. DoubleClick and others established a competitive advantage by being able to slightly reduce just how abysmal the measurements were. They spent a lot of time and money "educating" brand owners that direct clicks were the "right" way to measure their value. The unfortunate side effect was that the shift of ad dollars from TV and print to online was greatly slowed. Brand managers look at the super-low online click numbers (even the best numbers from profile-driven networks) and say "what a waste of money, let's keep the bulk in prime time TV." They get numbers from the TV industry that indicate that millions and millions of people saw their ad--and they are not under any illusion that these people are doing anything about it that very moment. TV ads are held to a much lower standard of action, and therefore TV ads attract much higher levels of investment. Why should online ads be measured by clicks?? The assumption that they should is quite recent (in the context of the full history of advertising), but already deeply held and rarely considered. But it's been incredibly harmful to the efforts to shift industries like TV and newspapers online. I think a good model for "the singularity" is a long straight highway. Stand in the middle and look down its length, and it appears to converge to a singularity in the distance. But when you actually drive there, you see it's just more highway. Basically I believe it's an issue of cultural time perspective. We can't imagine the tools that will be in use in 2112. But, they won't seem so strange to the people of 2111. Ha! It was so hard to resist a Rush reference when I wrote that date. What do these entrepreneurs all have in common? They own, operate, or invest in server-side Internet services. Such innovative products do not need IP enforcement because their core IP assets are protected by the client/server barrier, or they depend on network effects to protect first-mover advantage. Innovations which must be shipped in whole to the client--like new music, new movies, new games, packaged software, client device software, pharmaceuticals--are not so blessed. For example: most video game companies ship their entire IP directly to the customer. What keeps from making a copy of Skyrim and selling it on my website for half the price of the original? The legal enforcement of IP protections. I think it is really easy to fall into a bubble where "innovation" comes to mean "the latest hosted social web service". There's a lot more to innovation than that. Which was more innovative--The Dark Knight, or Triggit? I would say TDK, which was a major cultural event in the U.S. Or how about Gardasil vs. I Can Haz Cheezeburger? One will prevent thousands of cases of uterine cancer, the other hosts user-generated cat pictures. I think it would be worth taking a look at the Slashdot voting system, which IMO does the best job I've seen of getting the best signal out of the noise of mass voting. I don't see why it wouldn't, if the parents are fully informed and consent. The children were not in any physical danger and were not harmed. I'm not aware of any research that shows that 3 minutes of panic for a 5 year old causes lasting psychological damage. Toddlers experience transient sobbing panic on a fairly regular basis for a variety of reasons. If they are comforted by supportive parents they are fine. Since this study occurred in 1958, one could presumably find these kids today and see how they are doing. I'd wager that they are no worse-adjusted than would be expected of an average child of that era. Have you checked this line of reasoning with an actual lawyer? How would you be giving Hulu any of your money when the shows are free to watch? Perhaps this person: Person Who Will One Day Become Warlord-Ruler Of What Was Once Nebraska Born In Omaha Hospital http://www.theonion.com/articles/person-who-will-one-day-bec... In the time of Newton, there were numerous smart people trying to explain how gravity works. Newton's tremendous insight was that if he could develop a mathematical model that accurately predicted the movement of objects under the influence of gravity, it would not matter whether he could explain "how" gravity works. It was the original "shut up and calculate" moment, and the birth of our modern conception of mathematical physics. Science describes and predicts. Ultimately it cannot tell us "why"--or "should". These will always be the realm of philosophy and religion. Where religious dogma contradicts proven scientific understanding, the religious dogma must yield. But I worry that in our zeal to resolve that conflict, scientifically-inclined people also end up attacking the sense of emotional awe that is at the heart of the religious experience. That's a shame because it is also at the heart of why many kids decide to go into science in the first place. Carl Sagan addressed this a bit in his book "Contact", in which he calls that emotional experience "the numinous". We can certainly examine the physical factors that lead to the human brain expressing and experiencing awe, morality, religious fervor, etc. But, that doesn't mean we should deny the power of those feelings in our human experience. After all they are the product of billions of years of evolution, and isn't that awe-inspiring in its own way? Software company status boards are not uncommon; here's another one from ~2010: http://www.panic.com/blog/2010/03/the-panic-status-board/ This sort of advice works well for small companies (where employees will wear lots of hats), or certain jobs in big companies. But for a lot of jobs, increasing sales or reducing costs is not the point--at least not directly. If I'm hiring a graphic designer, a resume full of monetary claims is going to look like vague fluff to me. Instead I want to see a portfolio, because the result I am looking for is really great graphic design. It is my job as a manager to understand how that might fit into our product cycle and business model. But it has to start with demonstrated talent at the skill I need to fill. I know about Hulu Plus, but the subject of this particular discussion is their (free) website redesign. I own a beater car even though I could pay cash a new car if I wanted to. One reason is that cars are expenses, not assets, so there is no reason to spend more than you have to for the transportation it provides. Spending money on a nice car is just about one of the worst financial decisions you can make. The other reason I own a beater is that I live near a major city and can take public transit to and from work. If my car is going to sit in front of my house most of the time, why pay for a nice one? Public transportation is much better near cities, and the Millenial generation is the most city-bound American generation ever. Americans in general are migrating to cities, and young people more than most. I think the article grossly underplays the importance of this demographic trend. I would bet this is a major factor in declining car ownership, AND home ownership--since it is so much easier to find reasonable rent near a city. In small towns and even many suburbs, there are typically few rentals, so you have to purchase if you want to live there. Real estate tends to be more affordable there too. I don't think it's useful to compare minimum wage, which is a fixed floor, with the average cost of a new car, which will float upward if rich people buy more expensive cars. I also don't know why you would limit yourself to new cars, since the least expensive cars are typically used--and cars have undoubtedly gotten more reliable since 1980. They last a lot longer. Unfortunately I don't have the time to do the research and math myself to tease out these relationships. I love the whole direction of Microsoft's graphic design these days, and I've had Macs at home exclusively for at least 10 years. I think Microsoft is doing a great job of trading on the emotional value of colors. Apple rebuilt their company by bringing color to computing (remember the iMac and iBook), but then went away from that in almost every way, sucking the color out of all their products except for a few iPods. It's very sleek and elegant, but let's face it, colors are fun too. No matter how efficient your developers are, it's gonna take longer to get a new version of a native app submitted, approved, and downloaded by users, than it is to simple deploy to a webserver. By going native, Facebook has greatly improved the user experience of this version of their app (which I applaud), but greatly slowed the speed at which they can iterate to the next version. Consider a UI update that is, provably, an improvement to the user experience. Delaying that update by 3 weeks (due to the App Store process) is itself a form of sacrificing the user experience. Or more likely, consider an example where Facebook is not sure which of 3 UI changes would most improve the user experience, and they want to serve each of the 3 to small subsets to collect test data. Native UI rendering takes away this ability, potentially reducing Facebook's ability to improve the user experience--also a form of sacrifice. Now maybe you believe that the poor performance of the HTML5 UI was an even greater sacrifice than these, and thus the switch to the native UI is a net improvement in user experience. I happen to agree with that, but that doesn't mean there aren't tradeoffs. Performance issues aside, the user experience of the Facebook mobile app is miles better now than it was when they last rendered the iOS UI natively. A big reason for that is the speed at which they iterate changes in the HTML5 UI. Edit to add TL;DR: There is more to optimizing the user experience than maximizing UI performance. The "Apple TV" (i.e. an actual TV by Apple) could be a possibility. Like the iPhone and iPad--a lot of rumors, but no one really knows what it looks like, how it would work, etc. After Apple publishes a new version of your app, your users must notice the update and choose download it--my guesstimation includes that. If you'd prefer to use 8 days, that is still a lot longer than the next HTTP request, which is how long it takes users to get a new version of a web app. Just want to point out that this is not the first code contributed to open source from the WhiteHouse.gov project. Several of the Drupal modules developed for the site were made available to the community on Drupal.org not long after the new site launched. Some examples (may not be all of them): http://drupal.org/project/govdelivery http://drupal.org/project/akamai http://drupal.org/project/context_http_headers http://drupal.org/project/node_embed Actually it strikes me as a little strange that this code is on Github since Drupal.org has an entire section devoted to Drupal "distributions", which is what this appears to be. I mean, is the White House tech office moving to a full open source development model? Are they planning to appoint volunteer maintainers and accept pull requests? I sort of doubt it. How is this a "death panel"? These people are currently not receiving treatment they need, and this site helps give it to them. Nothing is being denied to anyone here. It does, which might have been part of the reason they did it this way. Github is increasingly "the place to be" for open source projects, so the White House probably wants to get involved there too. (I don't mean this cynically BTW--I believe they honestly are trying to move the government more toward open source.) And a lot of Drupal developers do use Github for their own work. On the other hand when they go to check out distribution options for a new project, I bet they start on Drupal.org. It's just so convenient, and like you say, there's a strong norm within the community to put everything there. Even the few "commercial" distributions can be found there. I assume this work will show up there at some point as well. My experience is the opposite...hearing is so useful that I typically don't run the radio in my car and I like to drive with the windows cracked. I can often tell if another car is in my blind spot just by hearing it. I find this actually gets easier the faster I'm going. I think it depends on personal experience. I had a car without a radio for years (stolen, too expensive to replace), so I got used to hearing the traffic around me. For the short period of time I bike commuted this translated really well. But if you're not used to using your hearing that way I can see how it would seem useless. Try going without headphones for a month or two, then put them back in. You might be surprised at how much useful info they block out. I say that not as a command but a suggestion based on my experience. It took me a while to get used to hearing and analyzing what's happening around me. And that was mostly in a car, which is already a pretty loud environment. Well one of the common "why not try it" arguments for entrepreneurship is that even if your company fails, you're not going to die. But if you fail when riding a bike on a busy street, you might very well die. Not sure where you get your info, but it is flat out wrong. It's not at all uncommon for bicycle commuters to hit an opening door or pulling out car, go over the handlebars, and smack their head on a very hard window or body panel--right where a helmet would protect them. Ask any ER physician in a city (I know several) about head injuries from bike commuting and they will no doubt have stories. As for sending the message that biking is dangerous: biking is dangerous . The correct message for kids to learn is that most things in life worth doing are dangerous, and the key to a successful life is learning to properly manage risk. Wearing a helmet is part of properly managing the risk of riding a bike. Wow, crazy result. I feel [to be updated with an edit later]! In addition they purchased Fingerworks, who began working on capacitive multitouch sensing and gestures in the 1990s. I believe the founders of Fingerworks held several patents in that area--and still work at Apple today. I have a Fingerworks touchpad and it is amazing. Apple is slowly rolling the gestures in their products. For instance with Lion the "click and drag" gesture went from a double-tap-and-hold (Apple standard for years) to a three-finger drag (what it is on my Fingerworks pad). It's not about blame, it's about preventable injury. It's about reducing the chance you'll get a call from the hospital saying "your kid has had a bike accident and she is in a coma." I've had friends who work in ERs have to make those calls. In many cases if the kid had been wearing a helmet they would have had a mild concussion. Instead their life as they knew it is over. If you don't want to wear a helmet, that is of course your decision. I just object--strongly--to your contention that helmets aren't necessary in commuting. That statement is just not based on any measurable facts. I know, right? Boy are those folks going to be disappointed when they bring home their new Samsung laptop and can't find the "OS/X" button. The 3.5" screen is better for me because it easily fits in any pocket, so I always have it with me, and the battery easily lasts all day even with heavy web browsing. Pallotta Teamworks is a bit of a special case. As a private, for-profit company who raised money for AIDS and cancer non-profit organizations, they had a business model that was quite controversial. While their rides and walks were popular with the participants, and they raised a lot of money, the entire non-profit sector was ambivalent about them. They loved the money but hated the commercial message, hated the profit angle, and was not happy with the percentage of revenue that made it through to actual research. I would bet this was a major factor in Avon taking control of their fundraising events. Unfortunately piracy has the exact opposite effect--it strengthens major music labels by preferentially harming more responsible or smaller labels. Major label A&R looks for young bands that it can sign to 360 deals and promote like crazy to teenagers. (For those not aware, a 360 deal means the label gets a cut of every revenue source: album sales, concert receipts, sync licenses, etc.) Smaller labels do not have the capital to operate that way, or (in many cases) choose not to operate that way out of a greater sense of responsibility to the artist. As a result they are more dependent on their cut of album sales--which have declined tremendously under the pressure of piracy. It's hard to put numbers on things like the trackpad on the Apple laptops, which are very large, accurate, have a great, durable, low-friction surface, a ton of useful gestures, and excellent heuristics to ignore palm brushes etc. This is not true. If you think it is, please provide a link to the Apple dev documentation that proves it. I'm not an OSX developer myself but plenty of my friends and colleagues have written "scratch the itch" Mac apps for themselves without paying $99. Xcode is a free download. The Apple development documentation is available for free on their website. You need to register in both cases but it is a free registration. In addition, Macs ship with a certified compliant Unix interface, and a wide variety of developer tools such as a powerful CLI shell (only recently added on Windows), compilers, vim, etc. And unlike Windows, Apple donates quite a lot of their code to open source, including the kernel of their OS. Does Windows do that? I don't think so. http://opensource.apple.com/ I'd be interested to see some hard proof that an iPad "records everything you do." I think Cory was making a theoretical point that unless you can open the thing up all the way to the firmware, you can't know "for sure" what it is doing. (An argument than Stallman has made for decades BTW). That is very different from saying, conclusively, that an iPad is recording everything. > Apple's restrictions are all about controlling device owners to make Apple more money. (Otherwise they would be "suggestions".) It's worth pointing out that Apple allows free (beer and speech) apps in the iOS App Store, and in fact most of the apps are free (as in beer). They are not making any money on those--to the contrary, they are an expense that Apple incurs. Now, it's true that to get a free app into the App Store, a developer must pay their $99 to get their app signed. But--that still does not make Apple any money from device owners. Code signing is a well understood security for verifying the integrity of end-user software; this is a plausible explanation for the app distribution lockdown of iOS, especially since that is Apple's own explanation. And of course the App Store on the Mac (and code signing in general) remains optional. That article seemed filled with anxiety to me. I don't think anything will eliminate range anxiety other than time. As more people get electric cars and start to build their lives around them, their acquaintances will start to see it as more normal. It's almost like the very early days of the automobile, when each driver had to carry a ton of extra gas, since fill stations were few and far between. Like any bootstrap, it took a long time to create the virtuous cycle that mutually reinforces the value of the customers and the infrastructure. Electric cars will need to go through the same thing. The other big issue is the time to refill. 30 minute quick charge is incredibly fast for electricity, but still incredibly slow compared to filling a gas car. Why would anyone put in years to write a novel if a big printing house could just copy the text and sell it for their own profit, cutting out the author. This would be the world without any copyright at all. This is clearly a problem that needs to be worked on, and people are working on it. But the answer is not the elimination of copyright. The problem is largely solved for music, since no one sells DRM'd music files any more. If you buy AAC music files from Apple, your kids will have no problem listening to them. Movies and Kindle books are a real issue though, and if you think CDs are heavy.... :-) I would definitely be in favor of reducing copyright duration. But, that would not solve every problem of inheritance. I could "buy" a copy of The Dark Knight on iTunes tomorrow, then die on Friday. Even if the copyright expired in 10 years that would not help me pass it on to someone in my will. Because the problem is so specific though, I would think it could be addressed by a few precedent-setting court cases, or perhaps legislation. Actually the opposite is true, copyright protection is the legal power behind licenses like the GPL. For commuting that would work fine. The issue, at least in the U.S., is the trip to Grandma's house or family vacation--which might involve driving more than 4-5 hours with kids in the car, to more rural destinations. Gas stations are fewer and far between, and the driver typically wants to get filled up and out of there ASAP. I feel like people who want to rename this type of role are either people who haven't worked with marketers very much, or look down on marketers--or both. Marketing at big companies has involved intense data analysis for many years now. We don't need a new name for that. XP is antiquated in terms of its technology, in particular its security model. Vista, while not a hit with consumers, was a major step forward in security for Microsoft. In fact the massive improvements in security were part of the reason it was a flop, as it suddenly started throwing warnings on all the terrible application security practices that XP tolerated. If you can upgrade from XP, you should. Common advices from corporate lawyers is that the "e" in "email" stands for "evidence". As in: anything you write in a company email could one day show up as evidence in court...and from there in the newspaper. Here's a famous example: http://news.cnet.com/8301-10784_3-6142843-7.html I think a situation like this is better handled one on one--wait for a natural break, pull the interview lead aside and explain politely that you appreciate the time and consideration but think it is just not a good fit culturally. Then the lead can explain it to everyone else and excuse them from the rest of the interview process. Announcing any kind of surprise or unwelcome news can be problematic in a group situation. When people have an emotional response, they want to express it, and in a group situation the mutual reinforcement can quickly scale up the emotion. This is why it's generally not a good idea to quit by standing up in a staff meeting and announcing it to everyone at once (unless you're trying to make a scene :-)). It's much smoother to tell your boss first, so that they can help manage the emotion of the team. Most malware does not seek to just nuke user files; it seeks to set up a permanent hidden presence in the machine. Windows 7 makes this much harder to accomplish with technologies like ASLR. Security depends on layers. Chrome is more secure than IE, but you can run Chrome on Windows 7 too. If Chrome--or one of its plugins--are compromised (it is not perfect software after all), then the security features of Windows 7 will give you better protection than XP. Maybe you don't believe me, because I'm just some guy on the Internet. That's fair. But I would challenge you to find a computer security professional who thinks XP is as secure as Windows 7. There's usually a lead for an interviewing process like this, and I don't think it would be that hard to say something like "hey can I have a word for a minute" as you're transitioning between groups. Wow, interesting, thanks. What did you think of that process--did you end up hiring on there? Picking yourself up in America has never been about hiding your past. Think no one remembers the past of G Gordon Liddy? Ollie North? Jack Abramoff? Robert Downie Jr.? Bankruptcy laws don't hide your bankruptcy. In fact it becomes public information indefinitely. They just let you reset financially. This woman has every opportunity in the world to pick herself up and make a new career, or even keep going in the career she's in now. All she has to do is reset herself to reality. If she's been lying about her connections, she needs to stop lying and work her way up through the industry the right way--with work and dedication. Someone will give her a chance but she needs to learn from this shaming. edit to fix bad phrasing Totally agree. If today were the last day of my life, I would spend it visiting my favorite spots of local natural beauty with my family. Not working, no matter how fulfilling the job. Even Steve Jobs, who was famously driven, left his career for his friends and family once he knew the end was approaching. Since today is not my last (I hope!), and I know that I want to give myself and my family a life that is fulfilling for a long time to come, I work to earn money and hopefully make the world a better place. I think it's good to remember that time is precious, but trying to guide your work habits by the "last day of your life" is not really that helpful IMO. DDT, while banned in the U.S., is still used--extensively I believe--in other nations to combat malaria. Cool picture. It looks to me like most of those long-running cable bundles are secured with black plastic zip ties--ironic given the text of the article. Your commment strikes me as more negative than its parent. In my experience adventure sports like mountaineering can provide a similar sense of perspective. Even if things are going well, it's clear that decisions can have real physical consequences. Training programs like the National Outdoor Leadership School can be a good jump start into the leadership aspects of those sports. One of the ways to avoid that fate is to maintain a sense of perspective, as the article author suggests. Can we please stop picking on the foreman? It's not like this person forced their way into the trial--they were picked by the state at random, and oh by the way, jury duty is not optional. Attorneys for both sides had their chance to dismiss the guy and they did not. He's talking about his thought processes which is a hell of a lot more "closure" than you typically get in a trial. So the plan is to make him the villain? I get that people do not like the verdict, but save the vitriol for the lawyers and the law. Let's not hate on an American citizen who did his best when duty called. So because he has decided to be more open and transparent than the typical juror, we should all treat him worse than the typical juror? That seems like backward thinking to me. The key question for 3rd party developers is which platform will make them more money. My understanding is that iOS is still far and away the winner by that metric, even with the smaller installed base than Android. Setting up your own VPN does not solve the traceability problem, unless you happen to find a colo facility that does business in face-to-face cash transactions only. If you use Linode to set up a VPN, Linode knows your personal and Linode IP, knows when you access their network, and knows your name and billing info. If compelling by warrant they will turn that over to law enforcement. He's an amazing advocate for the open Internet but I think this statement sounded naive: > If the Web is left alone, it will solve the problem of piracy on its own, he says. Competitive market systems solve the problems that they have incentive to solve. I question what incentive web companies have to solve piracy, if not regulations. Seems to me that any business model that depends on licensed content would work even better with pirated content. I even wonder how much of the web sees piracy as a problem at all. It seems to me that quite a lot of text online (at Techdirt for instance) is dedicated to the argument that piracy is a good thing to be embraced, not "solved." No idea what this refers to; I've never had a problem screen-capping video on Mac OS, even from DVDs or sites like Hulu. I can't screen cap on Windows XP but I think that is because of how Windows XP composites Flash video. For those wondering about the approximation, it is: "charge more for the widgets than it costs to make them." You can see why this is clearly a solved problem. There are major successful attacks against networks and businesses every single day. Not just small businesses; I'm talking about banks, power companies, etc. You only hear about the ones that make the news, which is almost none of them. But they are definitely happening, which is why there is urgency to do something on cybersecurity now. If the founders are smart, they will personally earn very little, and funnel as many of their expenses through the business as possible, for tax reasons. I worked for consultant who had a lifestyle business. He pulled in nearly half a million dollars in revenue per year, but I got paid a higher salary than he did. But I drove my own car, and he drove a company car. He didn't own a computer, but the company had a fiber connection, a server room and several very nice recent laptops. He didn't own a cell phone or a camera, but the company supplied him with a nice world smart phone and multiples of the latest cameras. He rarely took vacations, but the company paid for him to travel the world to visit clients and trade shows. Etc. It's for this reason that revenue is often a better gauge of success for a lifestyle business, than profit or salary. The question is whether honest journalism demands that every product review come with a copied/not copied score card, and I do not believe that it does. The audiences are very different. A copied/not copied story is really an industry story, for people who want to keep track of the competition and status within the computer product industry. Whereas a review is for people who want to learn more about that particular product--people who might not have much sense of the industry dynamics at all. In addition, it is Apple themselves, and Steve Jobs in particular, who have repeatedly made the point that the only thing that matters is whether the product is great. If better than the original inspiration, it will win. Apple will keep winning as long as its products are better than HP's. I would have thought that AT&T had a robust DNS system too, but a DDOS took it down for most of a day a few weeks ago. The size of your hand is fixed. With a wider object in your hand you cannot fold your thumb over as far. Not for complex presentations. > When you first get a device or a new program, you play with it. You turn things on and off and poke around in the preferences, right? I do, you do, but the vast majority of people do not. Apple products ship with sane defaults and I agree with the parent that it's not Apple's fault if someone fiddles a special keyboard on that was off when the box was opened. Regular folks just run with the defaults, which work fine for them. And the few people who work hard to become real experts on the platform do fine because they know at a deep level why problems occur. But in between there is a range of people who know enough about Mac technology to dig in and play around and do some technical troubleshootin, but are unable or unwilling to really really dig in and spend time on hard technical details. In my experience nobody has a harder time with Apple products than these "mid-range" folks. It was almost certainly leaked by the very people who are writing it, to gauge reactions and gather feedback. This is practically SOP for draft executive orders that are likely to affect a significant number of companies. There is no difference between neurological and psychological phenomena, as you cannot have a functioning mind without a functioning brain. What we perceive as "mind" is the emergent property of immensely complex physical (chemical) interactions in the brain. Now that is not to say that SSRIs are the best or most effective treatment for depression. I simply object to your attempt to sort problems neatly into exclusive buckets of "neurology" vs. "psychology." You can't just hand-wave away the topic of drugs by saying "oh that's just a psychological problem." I knew they did the TV commercials but this is the first I've heard that the Apple website is designed and built by anyone other than Apple's own marketing team. I find it really surprising and, to be honest, hard to believe. For one thing, there are often jobs listed in Apple marketing whose descriptions reference working on Apple.com. DOSArrest predates Cloudflare and does a fantastic job of DDOS mitigation. But they are not cheap. Patents cover areas of technology where developing a solution that can be commercialized at scale is much, much more expensive than software. Without patents, how is a pharma company expected to pay the enormous cost of research, development, and FDA approval of new drugs? Let's not let obvious flaws in software IP protection condemn the concept of patents in general. You are essentially arguing for a central planning approach, and we have ample evidence from the 20th century that this does not produce better outcomes than a market-based approach. No surprise that reducing copyright protections drives economic growth. It acts like a reduction in cost for the raw material of other creative and distribution businesses. What is not as clear is the impact on long-term innovation--in particular the very capital-intensive kind. The Lord of the Rings movies would have been less expensive to make if they did not have to pay for the rights to use the story and characters. But would the studio have given the green light to such an expensive shoot if they had a lower expectation of return? Google's interface was revolutionary, but MapQuest had deeper and more accurate data for years. To my memory, Jobs did publicly apologize for the Mobile Me problems. He also responded to public pressure and changed direction on allowing native apps in the iPhone, with a public letter linked on the homepage of Apple.com. Any interface change is a kick in the face to people who have been heavy users of the software. That does not mean that every change is for the worse. My first thought is that wow, that would be huge. But on further reflection, I question the value that Amazon would bring to this space. YouTube now hosts videos of almost any length, and you can stream live for very cheap with Ustream. Or you can pay to get both from Brightcove with rich encoding and design tools with 24 hour live support. If the cloud is eating the world, why did Google buy a mobile OS company and then a mobile device company? If Apple is too device-centric, why does Siri send every query to their data center instead of processing it on the phone? In short, I don't think you've thought deeply about what you're writing. The point is that you do not need rich Corinthian leather to make a desk calendar; in fact the vast majority of desk calendars in the world do not have any leather on them at all. Even on the real-world object, the choice to use leather serves a decorative purpose--it is not a functional necessity. Yet I've never heard someone call a leather desk calendar "skeuomorphic." It's very easy to lock a helmet up with your bike--just put the lock bar or chain through the "ear triangle" on the female clip side. Sure, someone could still steal it by cutting that strap, but what is the point of a helmet that can't be clipped on? And if bike helmets are so unpopular, why would anyone steal one to begin with? Finally, if your bike helmet is stolen, then you are simply biking home without a helmet--which is the condition you'd be in anyway if you didn't bring a helmet in the first place.