No, it's almost ready. It's already in use in iOS 10.3, and signs point to a full rollout this year. Because Earth already has a magnetic field. Yes, but is a reversal really a bad thing? Magnetic field reversals don't seem to be a serious threat–there's no evidence of mass extinctions caused by them. Actually, it appears that that the field does not actually disappear completely during the switch. Why is that? archive.org isn't a public education institution. So it's just like /usr/bin/cd–a builtin that also has a binary. Out of state students pay more in tuition as compared to in-state students. On my Mac, it's #!/bin/sh # $FreeBSD: src/usr.bin/alias/generic.sh,v 1.2 2005/10/24 22:32:19 cperciva Exp $ # This file is in the public domain. builtin `echo ${0##*/} | tr \[:upper:] \[:lower:]` ${1+"$@"} This title is misleading. The languages Google "added" have already existed; what Google has done is run translation sentence-by-sentence instead of by phrase-by-phrase. Oh, is that why I see websites like Facebook and Google using ids like .u-123-gz instead of something like .search-bar? Looks like someone's already on it: https://github.com/brhs/nomouse/pull/2 Actually, it's not that simple. There are a couple ways to load websites on iOS: * UIWebView: Old, slow, but dead simple. * WKWebView: The new "WebKit" drop-in replacement for UIWebView. It uses Safari's Nitro engine, and allows for full customization for the chrome, but does not allow for content blocking. Most new apps use this. * SFSafariViewController: A "Safari view"; you have no control over the UI chrome (or browsing history, etc.), but it uses Nitro and loads content blockers. * Safari app: The actual app. Loads content blockers. iOS has Reading List for this purpose, and SFSafariViewController has a button dedicated for this. While true, this answer is a bit misleading. There is a minimum threshold for stellar black holes –the ones created through stellar evolution–it's called the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff limit. Not a history expert by any means, but didn't Germany basically drive away all the scientists that could have worked on the bomb? Is there some kind of joke I'm missing with the "Quintilian"? I'm pretty sure the author was trying to use the Solarized color scheme: http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized Those using iTerm should try out imgcat: https://www.iterm2.com/documentation-images.html Looks great! Now if only there was one for Mathematica… And that's without the iPad Mini… Yes, Apple is much better about it; but there are instances where Apple has limited certain features to newer devices when there was no real reason for doing so. Most recently they blocked trivial features such as content blocking and Night Shift from 32 bit devices in their push for 64 bit adoption. In what kind of galaxy is a 1 billion solar mass black hole not a significant portion of the mass? Unrelated, but why is a paper on astrophysics on the NIH website? The page mentions that all C programs were compiled with gcc -O2. Forgive me if I don't know what I'm talking about here, but could volatile be used here to force the compiler to perform the memset? For whatever reason I had the number "300 million" in my head for the size of the Milky Way; I see your point. This was an interesting read for someone unacquainted with the field–it appears to be very difficult to fix "awkwardness" in sentences; none of the methods were able to reduce it significantly. It looks to me that awkwardness is more based on common usage than on actual grammar, perhaps this could be improved with a solution similar to Google Translate's, which looks at real world usage instead of syntax? Spacetime would like to have a word with you. Did not expect to get rickrolled while learning about assembly… For those wondering, WTF stands for Web Template Framework: https://webkit.org/blog/6161/locking-in-webkit/ For those on iOS and macOS, Apple provides Network Link Conditioner for this purpose. 2/3, you mean :) Wasn't the main reason why they wrote Tizen? Because Google was pushing them around too much? Funny, at times my Apple TV seems to do just that…though in my case it's probably just a bug. Well, at some point in time, everyone was once so young that everyone else in the world was older than them. I'm actually happy that Apple moved the USB ports away from each other. I used to have a non-Retina MacBook Pro and it was a royal pain to get two "large" USBs to fit at the same time. Interesting that this is done in-broswer; it looks like they're using Emscripten for emulation. I think you mean 1/4 of a second :) Are you serious? > some redneck assuming I'm not sure that's less racist… `NSDate` used to support creation from a "natural language" phrase: https://developer.apple.com/reference/foundation/nsdate/1415... It was deprecated recently, however. Yep, I had to do a bit of fuddling around with DateComponents and it was painful . Paper listed in article, https://arc.aiaa.org/doi/10.2514/1.B36120 , appears to cost well over a thousand dollars to access. I found https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/201700... online; I think it's the same thing. Looks like Linux is what you're looking for… macOS supports true vector assets, so I'm guessing it reduces the need for such measures. But coming back to your question: I'm not sure, but both iOS and macOS use the same asset filetype, so I'd assume so. Ahh, it looks like I didn't notice the PDF link. My mistake. One of the few things that benefit from pushed-back dates. I'd expect it to be the Chromebook Pixel. Doing that on a school computer is one of the fastest ways to get expelled. If only English had precedence rules! A big part in this comes from the fact that most people take off the watch when they sleep to charge it, making it useless for sleep tracking. I find that the battery stays pretty high (around 80%) if I don't exercise with it. If I start any workouts, however, and the battery dips down to ~50% by the end of the day. Nothing that a quick top-off during the day wouldn't fix, but it's still far from the Pebble's week long battery life. > For the first time last fall, the US Department of Transportation drafted regulations related to captions for in-flight entertainment. This can't come quickly enough. This is the behavior of all their custom players; I don't think they've updated them in a while. No, of course not. You're just doing work that computers do well. Why, thank you. I've always considered Atom to be an advertisement for GitHub. The branding is unmistakable. Wasn't this the iMac? I'm not sure where you're getting this from; did you read the article? This is part of the OS. 1. Well, how could you enforce this? How do you know a project is open source? 2. Dash was pulled from the App Store due to conflict between Kapeli and Apple. See the links in the comments above for details. Looks interesting; I have a Hammerspoon script that does something similar. I'd wager that many people (such as me) think it feels "wrong" when the book is upside down. This is especially true if the spine has some sort of artwork. I'd like to mention that Project Euler states that they'd prefer that people not publish the solutions publicly: > I learned so much solving problem XXX so is it okay to publish my solution elsewhere? It appears that you have answered your own question. There is nothing quite like that "Aha!" moment when you finally beat a problem which you have been working on for some time. It is often through the best of intentions in wishing to share our insights so that others can enjoy that moment too. Sadly, however, that will not be the case for your readers. Real learning is an active process and seeing how it is done is a long way from experiencing that epiphany of discovery. Please do not deny others what you have so richly valued yourself. Just saying. macOS comes with Python 2 by default. Have Hammerspoon do this for me on macOS, except the shortcuts are more like Caps Lock+T is Terminal, etc. If you have a free account, you can install an app from source and it will remain valid for 7 days. > But almost every popular game in app store will read your contacts and send to its server. Only if you let it. > No one, except for top companies are able to follow UI guidelines, and most apps has weird UI. Hmm, I'm not a top company but I try to follow the UI guidelines. In fact, by default, if you use native controls, you're doing that for free! > Even you are making app as a hobby, you will likely use privacy-invasive ad networks in order to pay back $100/year ad store fee. That's only if you want to make money. Some people don't; they do it just for fun. The code is compiled on-the-fly and dynamically linked. Until your certificate expires, so a year. That's the point. It's meant for testing your apps, not distributing them. Don't work there, but I know that Apple tends to use spaces for their public-facing code–I'd expect that their internal code does too. Especially since it covers a ton of content on the left side… I think most of the water usage is not from growing the trees, but in the actual manufacturing process. Quick question: what are the properties of this paper? Can I burn it? Fold it? Eat it? Yep, a lot of places in the US have their own Wi-Fi, especially in malls. I would like to respectfully disagree with you here. While I believe that self driving cars are infinitely better than human drivers, in this case I'd exercise caution. The issue here is that the vehicle is not fully self-driving–it still requires a human to be paying attention. The problem is that the system appears to be automatic and as such reduces the driver's focus; I've heard stories of people simply tuning out while this "autopilot" on, not knowing that they must be alert for any exceptional circumstances. In this case, the autopilot may actually make it slightly less safe–not from its inherent design, but by human psychology. It's still pretty easy to tune out even if you're gripping the steering wheel… Looks cool, but I didn't see Java 10 anywhere. What's the timeframe for this? Is this truly a part of Java 10, considering that Java 9 is still in development? Hmm…possibly there's some other process going on during those "slowdowns" that we haven't observed yet? Huh, that's stange. He's been at Tesla what? 6 months? Interesting to see that he's moved on already. Yep, I remember them being part of Google Earth. IIRC they had one of the night sky as well. Yep, I got the same thing. I guess support isn't complete yet? That's because your browser is too narrow to display the text, so it's wrapping. Sounds like the quickest way to get a call from the university's IT department… Yep, that's basically it. You can't link any code to it. I think it was added just to make your launch screen look as similar as possible to your app's first screen. iOS most certainly does not use ImageMagick to generate this images. Delta updates are for users, not developers. It means that they don't have to download the full app when updating. Yes, but IT departments at universities are lazy and quick to label incidents like this as "hacking". Much of the reason for that is outlined in the article. Would you mind explaining in a bit more detail what you mean here? I'm not quite sure where you're getting those numbers from. Ahh, I got it. For whatever reason I didn't associate 109->10^9 and 106->10^6. If I remember correctly DogeTipBot shut down after stealing a bunch of funds from its users, removing a significant use for DogeCoin. Because it's cool! It's interesting to see how they're improving emulation, and often they come up with interesting ways to do so. Of course with absolute legislation like this you're going to end up with someone abusing the rules. Already been sued too many times this year (as any large company is)? Congratulations, you're now immune to lawsuits. The article is probably taking artistic license with the term "half life" to refer to the unusual longevity of interest in trinitite. Tektites ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tektite ) are similar to trinitite, but originate from meteorite impacts instead. I believe you're referring to JailbreakMe. Yes, it was Safari-based, but no, it wasn't the first jailbreak. Umm…I think you mean Jango Fett, not "Jengo" Fett, in the caption for the first image in the second article. Cars was a Pixar movie. Possibly, but that doesn't mean they can't spell it correctly in an image caption. Indiana Jones is right below it, and it's correct. It doesn't look like it right now: > all websites with form fields served over HTTP will show a "Not secure" warning to the user As long as you don't have a form field, you should be fine. Wikipedia[1] says otherwise: > [Cars was] Pixar's final independently-produced motion picture before its purchase by Disney in May 2006 [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cars_(film) Yep, since you can also manually enter the code. Looks really cool! Just a couple of questions: 1. Are you planning to release this as open source? I really want this to have a native Cocoa interface on macOS. 2. When you say Gmail, do you mean email or Hangouts? 3. Where are you getting these APIs from? Because some people want to do more than keep a couple chat windows open at once? Anyways, which antivirus is flagging this? I believe you can do 3, but it would take a non trivial amount of work to do so. > lightweight as well Not on my machine, it wasn't. Yep. Not sure about Kirundi, but in Hindi it's not really an issue since the tense of the sentence gives it away. 800/999 is worse than brute force at that point… I'm curious: why would anyone steal such an conspicuous bike? It's really hard to pass one of these off as your own when riding it. Essentially. When there is confusion, extra words are added to clarify as dingo_bat mentions above. On average it would take around 500 guesses. One would have expected that with your "method" you could have reduced this by an order of magnitude (i.e. not 800) at least. Otherwise you're really just wasting time with additional steps for each trial. Joke was that they needed it so that they could make their WWDC slides this year. Is this Windows-only? I'm not seeing it on macOS. I wouldn't be surprised if this became an issue in the future, with Atom's popularity on the rise… > have to be fully reliant on one service My inner cynic says that that's probably the reason why they don't provide this service. The joke is that git is decentralized–it's just GitHub that's a single point of failure. > Do you? Actually, yes! Statistically it's safer than living next to a coal-fired plant. Just because people "see it differently" doesn't mean that the statistics behind it are flawed… > I see no basis for that assumption, especially as nuclear energy has known risks that e.g. wind power doesn't. But why do the risks matter? One would expect that two turbines or nuclear power plants would kill twice as many people, on average… The Chernobyl 30 km Exclusion Zone is actually not that bad, apart from the slight radioactivity. Since there's no human interference, it's essentially a sanctuary for local wildlife. Translation: their protection is bad and they don't want to reveal its mediocrity publicly, or there was no attack. > Apple's mention in the keynote when FaceTime was announced that it would be open They were planning to do so, but got caught up in a lawsuit with VirnetX. iOS vector asset catalogs (which use PDFs) actually don't support true vector rendering; any vector images are converted to PNGs at compile time. > isn't it possible to bundle some dynamically loaded libraries that can be shared by multiple apps Yes, there is one: the standard library, provided by Apple. However, many apps eschew this to use their own libraries and frameworks for whatever reason, be it ease of use or feature enhancements, and these cannot be shared. > Interesting, I find that surprising due to the overhead involved. Due to the frequency of this, objc_msgSend (which handles dynamic method calls) is hand-written in assembly, with caching and "fast paths" to improve speed. The overhead can usually be brought down to that of a virtual function call in C++. Not for apps like Facebook. Their app binary is in the hundreds of megabytes. > my MacBook keeps nagging me that my "hard disk" (actually an SSD) is "full" because I only have 3GB of free space That's because it will use that space for caches and swap, and you're preventing it from doing so and making the system slower. Unrelated, but that website had around 100 words of actual article, and a bunch of unnecessary other information. The date, for example, was repeated twice , and there was a link to Theranos's website (not to mention a short "about" paragraph) on their own website . Forgive me if I don't quite find your source credible, since it appears to have been written by a volunteer, and since it doesn't actually give concrete evidence on maximum recommended dose. Yes, and I took at look at them. Some of the studies (especially the blood cookies or whatever ones) actually mentioned that heme iron actually helped anemic children. Many of the others could not come to a conclusion. Personal anecdote: I bought an Apple Watch early and didn't really know what to do with it. It wasn't until I fell off my bike and broke it did I realize how much more exercise I was getting with it. I bought another one soon after. There really hasn't been much focus it from Google AFAIK. I was getting a ton of exercise with the Watch, broke it, and stopped exercising because I wasn't being reminded to. Relevant xkcd (what-if actually, but close enough): https://what-if.xkcd.com/117/ It's written in…Rust? That's interesting. How is it interacting with Cocoa? EDIT: It looks like it's using the rubrail package, which links with the private DFRFoundation framework. rubrail itself is using the objc package. I think this code snippet from the README[1] is enough: let cls = Class::get("NSObject").unwrap(); let obj: *mut Object = msg_send![cls, new]; let hash: usize = msg_send![obj, hash]; let is_kind: BOOL = msg_send![obj, isKindOfClass:cls]; // Even void methods must have their return type annotated let _: () = msg_send![obj, release]; Ugh. Why? [1] https://github.com/SSheldon/rust-objc What? Cocoa, or toucHNews? Yes, I know that–that's why I'm surprised anyone would go the trouble to write code that way. Dynamic linking to what , though? The features you're looking for have to available in a library for you to be able to link to it. Going to hackathons? > Most people like themselves [Citation Needed] > Do people enjoy rewriting code? No, of course not. The way I see it, Swift is scared to go the "Java" route where backwards compatibility is valued above all else, leaving the language an antiquated mess. The Swift 3->4 migration was not bad, actually–just a couple of small changes to source here and there. With ABI stability I think we'll see the adoption of Swift for libraries and frameworks increase significantly. Are all of your comments about Rust? What exactly do you mean "call down into C"? You should be able to call C functions directly from Swift, albeit with UnsafePointer and the like. It really doesn't take all that long. I've migrated apps consisting of 20K-30K lines of code in a couple hours–mind you, many of the changes were not due to Swift 4, but those in the Cocoa/Cocoa Touch Swift overlays. File a Radar and someone will get around to fixing it: http://bugreport.apple.com/ So, based on this[1] they've just wrapped the calls with their own…not sure if there are any real benefits here. [1]: https://golang.org/src/syscall/syscall_linux.go I downloaded "A Swift Tour" a week or two ago and it was written in Swift 4 (a fact which I found out when I tried to run it in Swift Playgrounds 1.5). When did you try it? > Apple is horrible about bugs and providing feedback. Yes, they can be a bit tight-lipped. I have found that they're pretty quick on fixing documentation though. They won't tell you that it's resolved, but it's usually updated within a couple of days. > Doesn't someone at Apple check the examples to make sure they still work? I'd expect that they do, but some slip through the cracks. Maybe on of the Apple engineers in this thread could weigh in? > Once Swift 5 comes out, does that mean it's "safe" for people to write things in Swift? It means it's "safe" to ship binaries to people without providing the source and it should remain compatible forever™. > It's a complete mess, and hearing year on year "this is the last time we'll break everything" is getting very tiring. Swift 3->4 was much easier. Of course, if you're still stuck on Swift 2 this isn't going to help you much… > Can you promise me if I push for the rewrite in Swift 5 it will be the last time we need to do that (for a reasonable amount of time, say 5 years? Or that changes will be far far more gradual and can incorporate it with our workflow?) That's how it was supposed to be in Swift 4, and it should get better from there. > Ever tried to have 60fps on a tableview with constraint-based layout cells Yes. I've found AutoLayout to be acceptable in this case, provided you're not doing something awful. I can see this playing out, but not as quickly as the author suggests. Cameras and cellphones last a couple years at the most, and are much easier to replace, than a car is. Sure, everyone wants a self driving car, but not everyone can switch just like that. Those are minor uses, though. Sigh…the struggles of dealing with Google Talk’s limited Jabber interface… Most people can’t tell the difference and go with the default. Even the people who have it installed are often redirected to Apple Maps by Siri and location links since they will always use it. > Researchers know it is roughly 10-and-a-half hours, but they would like a more precise number. I find it interesting that something this “basic” is still not known. Couldn’t they just take photos of how long it takes certain features, say storms or clouds, to reappear? I’m not sure it really affects the result. Wind speeds on Saturn top out at around 1,000 miles per hour. Using some back of the napkin math, the rotation “speed” at the equator should be well over 20,000 miles per hour. Is that not enough to get an accurate assessment? Is this just a Maps thing, or does the Compass app also give incorrect results? There's a built-in Compass app that you could use… iOS 11 has an option to disable this even when the app explicitly says they only support background location access. If that app uses a Safari View Controller. > if you wanted to modify your email client, or at least the one above (Mail.app, the default client for Mac), there is no clean way to extend it. There are no plugins. Mail.app supports plugins. > Why can't I have a file in two places at once on my filesystem? So…a hardlink? > Why don't my native apps do that? Dynamic text lets you do this, but it's mobile-only currently. > have started deprecating the Applescript bindings which make it work underneath Since when? > They are not flashy buildings. Actually, that's a pretty good way to tell who they belong to. Apple buildings have a signature "style"–blacked out windows, trees very close to the building, a small Apple logo on one of the doors somewhere, and umbrellas on the second floor terraces. If you learn the clues it's pretty easy to spot them. > I would assume that the OS X TTS engine is the same as Siri's as it would be available in High Sierra. Nope, macOS uses a different set of voices for TTS, which are named differently as well. They work offline and are nowhere as good as Siri. Why, and from whom? Their parents? Their school? Corporations? On macOS everyone I know uses some sort of search, be it Spotlight or Alfred or QuickSilver, to open apps. This generally works well–I can open most apps in under a second. > It's especially popular with elderly travellers, as there's no hassle of transit. That, and the fact that there are a lot of Indian elderly who make the Delhi-San Francisco flight regularly to visit children who work in the Bay Area. Curiously, I feel the opposite way–Xcode's support for managing certificates is pretty awful (it's gotten better recently, but it still occasionally gives cryptic errors for no discernible reason). For actual programming, though, it works pretty well as long as it doesn't crash. On iOS, tapping the middle of the status bar will scroll up to the top. You’re lucky you didn’t have to pay the dead beer tax on that one. Which is why Chrome’s memory usage isn’t used as a goal or target… According to rumors this will be primarily an iPhone/Apple Watch/Apple TV event…so make of it what you will. If you have a MagSafe connector, cover the middle pin with electrical tape. I'm pretty sure that no C formatter can handle tokens that run together. > a kernel module whose sole purpose seems to be to inject advertisements into the user’s unencrypted web traffic Ugh…why is this even a thing? Like who thought it would be okay to add this "feature" to a modem, let alone at the kernel level where it would be difficult to disable and easier to be compromised? They give out free T-shirts, duh! On a more serious note, it looks like some sort of social media website. That's because they want you using their app, which they have more control over and where they can disable features like background playback and Picture in Picture which they can then charge you for. That's because there wasn't as much plastic in the water for them to consume. Well, you need to figure out an economically viable method of producing these bacteria in the quantities necessary and the perform research on the impact that these bacteria will have on the environment… The man was charged with "violat[ing] state regulations and intrud[ing] into computer systems with information concerning state affairs, construction of defense facilities, and sophisticated science and technology." It's bizarre interpretations of the law like this, that don't even fit the "crime", that show that the underlying reason was to send a message instead of actually performing a legitimate arrest. > STM32F103T8U6 (ARM Cortex M3, clock frequency 72 MHz) That's one powerful chip for a soldering iron. Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if someone can pull this off–to me it looks plenty powerful enough for it. Back in my day we did animations in 8 MHz and we liked it! A 2x4 is a piece of lumber that measures around 2” by 4” in depth and breadth (in reality, it’s slightly smaller) and is often used for structural work. I’d expect that you’d go outside for such needs. > intermediate-mass black holes (IMBHs), which are formed by the runaway coalescence of stars in young compact star clusters How exactly would this work to produce something with a mass of 10^5 solar masses? Isn't that a bit large for the combination of a couple stars? Ahh, I get it. Thanks for the detailed response! I was wondering where the 10^5 solar masses were coming from–certainly it's not just a couple of stars merging and creating a black hole. Aside: is this website messing up the scroll for anyone else? This is exactly how Swift’s Strings work. The issue with your model is that’s graphemes ultimately don’t behave like you may expect a character to. For example, it may take multiple code points to make a grapheme, so getting the index of any particular one might require walking the string instead of a constant time access since any one code point could be “globbed” with its neighbors into a grapheme–in a way that is dependent on its neighbors . Yes, but it’s essentially loading a bunch of webviews in tabs. Second this guide. It’s pretty short, but it has everything I’ve seemed to need at least. Actually, it takes around 0.3 to double to power. …this is a Medium article. If I remember correctly I saw a Bose demo where they were able to roll their car over speed bumps and it would stay completely level. I’m not sure if that completely negated their impact, but it looked like it from the video. > chuck norrys If you’re going to try to capitalize on an internet meme, at least try to do the job properly. > 98% of the same performance and features You’re talking about phones with hardware from half a decade ago. How exactly are you getting the same performance and features, let alone even support or updates from manufacturers? Nexus 6 isn’t even 3 years old. Many people keep phones that long. 120 degrees Fahrenheit is pretty hot-that’s around the temperature of water in a water heater, and those have plenty of warning labels on them. macOS is based on XNU, which is a “hybrid” kernel IIRC. Hmm…it looks like the Note 3 is actually only 4 years old. My criticism was mainly aimed at Android, which has a tendency to drop support for devices within 1-2 years. …that's less than four years. Not every device has an unlocked bootloader or support in the Lineage OS device tree. Cool. One bug I found: if you click on a link and it opens in a new tab, it will use the favicon from the previous tab even if the new tab has a different favicon. Presumably they can just point the phone at your face instead of forcing you to put your finger on the sensor. It needs to be a thin one. Wireless charging usually requires the device to be within a couple millimeters. They talked about how masks can't fool it, so I'd expect that a 3D model won't either. The issues were because the phone had just been restarted, which disables Face ID. Yes…they mentioned the tests they put it through. Different hairstyles, facial hair, etc. and it worked; they tried pictures and masks and made sure it didn't. The phone had just been rebooted. That's why it asked for a passcode. iPhone SE, you mean. It's the same on that came out alongside iPhone 6S. The phone had been rebooted and thus required a passcode to unlock. I'd say that they already do. Most data is kept on device and whatever is sent to the cloud is end-to-end encrypted. Rumors say that Pixel 2 is dropping the jack as well, so it looks like many manufacturers are following suit. It now starts at $349 for those wondering. I'd say iPad is Apple's vision for the home computer. iPhone 7 comes with a pair of Lightning EarPhones and a Lightning to 3.5 mm jack adapter. Well, there's iOS for one… Are you trying to make a reference to the environment here? iPhone is one of the most environmentally friendly phones you can buy. Because it's bigger? Apple specifically says not to do this in their updated Human Interface Guidelines. It only begs the question because you decided to bring it up. > 6 year old iPhone on the current OS You might be stretching it a bit there, but otherwise this point stands. No, these are the wired headphones with an updated Lightning connector. > The sound quality is terrible, they don't block any external audio, they constantly fall out. I think the first two problems stem from the third, namely, they don't fit your ears. > Maybe I just have stupid shaped ears or something Yes, that is one issue with these headphones is that they don't seem to fit in everyone's ears. I'm not sure if there's an easy fix for this. Well, it gives them an excuse for them to charge you extra. I really don't think it's something that's too complicated to set up. Fitness tracking and notifications on your wrist. If that sounds like something you'd want I'd recommend you get one. Nobody here is saying that Apple was the first to add cellular capability to their watches. They're just glad to see it as a new feature. It uses your phone's carrier. No, since there's no web browser available. Technically speaking the SIM is already in the Watch… It runs watchOS. iPhone 5S came out in 2013. Err…that’s what I meant. Let me fix it. The current iOS version is iOS 10, and in a week it will be iOS 11. iPhone 4S only goes up to iOS 9. Do you have an example of where they don’t follow their guidelines? In my experience they’re pretty good about it; it’s Google that can’t get it together and follow Material Design or whatever their new guide is. No, the text stays in the center portion only. The guidelines say that content covers the screen in landscape unless it’s text, in which case it’s inset. It’s part of the new WWDC videos they posted today. Let me see if I can find a link to them. I’ve seen it on Lineage OS, but it might be tablet-only. Sublime Text is written is C++ FYI. My local high school will refuse them. The computer science classes use Geany because it “builds character” and anything that looks remotely like an IDE apparently “does too much work for students”. If I remember correctly it’s because newer versions of Bash use GPLv3 which Apple doesn’t want to have to deal with. Only somewhat related, but it appears that Apple has begun to use GitLab internally: https://twitter.com/_inside/status/907299327340675072 It’s a new feature in iOS 11. > If you've chosen the right data structures and organized things well, the algorithms will almost always be self-evident. Therin lies the rub: it’s hard to choose data structures. I concede the first point, but I wouldn’t really consider bosons and yoga to be as important as a numerical system. EDIT: Also, Bose, along with Einstein, did not “discover” bosons; instead, they created a model for them. Experimental verification came later. > Unfortunately a lot of developpers will not be able to update their app with the new Apple Guideline released this Year. Which part of the guidelines, specifically? It appears that Dropbox has pushed version 64.3, which contains this feature, to the App Store, but it's not available yet. Messages on iCloud might be useful for you when it comes out, then :) > As for Apple’s ecosystem, while this research deals primarily with iPhones, other devices including Apple TV and iWatch are similarly affected by our findings. The "correct" name for it is Apple Watch, just FYI. iMessage is a real thing–I'm not sure what you're getting at here. Actually, Jabber support still exists. It's all the other things based on IMServicePlugIn that were removed. The book meta_AU is talking about is Angels and Demons, and while it doesn't explicitly state that it would solve all the world's energy issues it heavily implies it. I wonder how well it would work in the dark. Based on this[1] it appears to be running this[2] bootstrap script, which I believe uses make. [1] https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/Formul... [2] https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/src/bootstrap.bash It was diagnosed very early, which made it much easier to handle. This is the SSL bug from iOS 9 for those wondering. It’s not a reveal of all the passwords, certainly. It’s only disclosing the disk’s password, and only in the situation provided. I'd like to see how this is done on iOS, since the OS is much pickier about what it will let you install. Not necessarily. There are third-party tools (such as Cydia Impactor) that are cross-platform. Mail Drop works well up to 5 GB: https://support.apple.com/kb/ph2629?locale=en_US . You need to be on a Mac though. In my experience it tends to be at around 50 to 100 lines. At this point you usually encounter at least one "gotcha" or difficultly that bash can't handle in an elegant way and realize that it would probably be a lot faster if you just used another language instead. They said that they’re in the process of acquiring those models. Greg Parker, who works on the Objective-C runtime, has a blog post that goes into more detail: http://www.sealiesoftware.com/blog/archive/2017/6/5/Objectiv... > they won't even distribute old copies of their OSes They do, actually; if you bought a copy it should be available in the App Store. They even sell physical installers for old operating systems: https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MC573Z/A/mac-os-x-106-sno... Let's take a look at an alternate reality where Clang didn't exist, and GCC was the only compiler worth using–wait, we don't have to do that. Just look at Bash. It's neglected and stuck on 3.2.57 forever because Apple doesn't want to deal with GPLv3. Do you prefer that to the BSD-licensed solution that LLVM is, where it's still open source and actively maintained, rather than left by the wayside because Apple just refused to play nice? > the user has a choice - don't upgrade That's how you get everyone stuck on Windows XP. There's no good choice for the user here–either you're on an old OS that's missing features or security updates, or you can't run software that used to work. > Linux on Galaxy allows the latest Samsung Galaxy smartphone users to run their preferred Linux distribution on their smartphones utilizing the same Linux kernel that powers the Android OS to ensure the best possible performance. (emphasis mine) I knew there was a catch somewhere. I seriously doubt there's a technical reason why older Galaxy models can't support running Linux as well. I don't understand why it's so difficult for Android manufacturers to allow users to install whatever they want– I bought my phone, now let me install what I want. Sure, void the warrant or refuse to support it, but don't get in my way. > At Samsung, we continuously ask ourselves what else is possible, and what else we can do to bring a better experience for our users. Here's a tip: don't mess with my scrolling. > I would much rather users were occasionally forced to upgrade their buggy software. Yes, that's the ideal solution, but backwards compatibility overall is a huge can of worms that doesn't really have a good solution. In this case, it might not be possible to upgrade the software (e.g. it's unmaintained, or was contracted out, etc.) In a perfect world manufacturers would give out this information, but it's understandable that they wouldn't (this doesn't mean that I don't think they should, but I know why they wouldn't). The issue is with "locked" bootloaders–the manufacturer is going through extra effort to make sure you can't run another operating system on your phone. This is inexcusable since it's not just a passive lack of helpfulness, it's an intent to make sure you can't have full control of your phone. I'm pretty sure Einstein's name and image are managed by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. > Is English not his first language? As far as I know it is. > And many scientists have long dreamed of building bases inside natural moon caves, where lunar explorers might sleep safely in inflatable homes, protected from the storms above. What "storms" are the authors talking about here? That is until you realize that Titan is basically at the triple point of methane which means you'd have to lug around a bunch of thermal-regulating equipment. I understand why knowing what the standard is useful, but why should one try to know what happens in a case where the behavior is undefined? It's platform, compiler, and optimization specific and is literally just trivia. TIL you can render HTML from your address bar: data:text/html, [Your HTML here] Safari 11 has this behavior as the default. In California, to my knowledge, it’s only against the law of both earbuds are in. If you're using Swift, stay on 8.3.3 until you have the time to update to Swift 4. There are some things that don't quite carry over, and you'll need to spend at least some time on migrating. Yes, I'm aware of Swift 3.2 compatibility mode. Unfortunately there are still a couple breaking changes–even if my code doesn't do anything funky I can't guarantee that any of my dependencies isn't mucking around with a Dictionary's keys or anything else that isn't the same between 3.1 and 3.2. I have updated to Xcode 9, and that's in part due to the work you and your team has been doing to make this transition easy, but that doesn't mean that it doesn't take time to update. > As such, Bitcoin and other similar virtual currencies are not legal means of payment in Vietnam. How can you make a means of payment illegal? Is bartering illegal, or do I have to use cash or checks? I don't understand how you can legally block the use of a cryptocurrency without ruling these out. I’m pretty sure Facebook would do a lot more to prevent third-party access than put up a couple captchas. I wouldn’t be surprised by a cease-and-desist. I am sure that youtube-dl is against YouTube's terms of service, and the only reason why Google hasn't gone after it is because: 1. It's decentralized (i.e. anyone can just fork it and have a new working copy) 2. It's not worth going after, yet. Lawyers cost time and money. youtube-dl is an excellent project but I'm pretty sure once #2 becomes true they will receive a letter from Google's lawyers. The screenshot shown in the article shows Slack using well over 600 MB of RAM. I'm not sure I find this acceptable for a chat app with four "tabs" open. > it took me awhile to get the hang of pressing down on one of the little cards representing an app in order to evoke a minus sign that allowed me to close it. You're not supposed to perform this action regularly. > I knew I’d mastered the gestures when I found myself trying to use them on my iPad. Oops. My finger no longer drifts to the home button, but pathetically swipes upwards, to no avail. This should work on iPad if you're running iOS 11. Yes, this is what the native macOS Messages.app does as well. On my Mac, with relatively heavy usage, I'm at around 100 MB of RAM. > Telegram, an app actually written in native code, is currently using ~500MB on my machine right now. I took a look at the Telegram source code right now, and…I'm not impressed. It appears to be written without a real knowledge of how Swift or Cocoa works, has no consistent style, and seems like it reinvents significant portions of standard APIs. Like anything, the benefits from migrating to "native" only work if you actually utilize it correctly. Messages.app does all of those and uses a tenth of the RAM. UIKit is noticeably better than AppKit but I doubt this is the reason why Messages is webview based. I don't know the exact reason behind it, but my guess is that they stopped caring about updating it when the people working on it either left or moved over to other projects. > there's often reasons to reinvent a portion of an API Yes, but I don't feel that a message app really needs to do this to the extent that Telegram does–they've managed to make their app look out of place on macOS. I don't need it to run in a browser or PC, and it works on my phone since I have an iPhone. You needs may vary, in which case you might just stick to SMS which is cross-platform and lightweight. A quick glance at the view hierarchy (Accessibility Inspector.app can do this) shows that the chat view is just a web view. Except Safari keeps killing it because it's a CPU hog As is your comment, coincidentally. This is just a student’s project paper, not an actual research paper in a journal. I wouldn’t hold it up to that standard. Wait, isn’t Beryllium toxic? I was under the impression that you don’t want to be around it. > Same buttons There might be a button or two missing… If the author's here: some of the math formulas don't render correctly. In particular, 10^170 is parsed as 10^{1}70, and $5478$ shows up without TeX applied to it. They're easy to demonstrate . I'm not sure I'd qualify them as easy to run into . Generally when using the calculator (if I do use it all!) I'm not focusing on typing very fast. Well, how would it? You'd need to know where you are to get the weather. This has been fixed in iOS 11.2 beta. Yes, it might, but: 1. There are fewer of these apps. 2. There's less that they can do–on Android apps can do anything and everything once installed. > They also made fun of his firm’s no-frills website. You don't need a cool website to practice law. Yes, but the widget shows weather for your current location. You can see the weather for a different city only in the Weather app. I'm not suggesting that you install the beta. I'm just letting you know that this has been fixed by Apple and will be pushed out sometime in the near future. This requires that the "aging parents or young children" have a modern Android device, which they often do not. Often, they either have a low-cost outdated phone, or an old hand-me-down; neither of which will be running a new version of Android. Plus, it's not uncommon for people to tap through permissions lists. Android fundamentally allows for a lot more to go wrong than iOS does. The caption says that it is: > An Amazon Web Services data center in Frankfurt, Germany, specially dedicated to CERN. On iPhone X I believe you can just "squeeze" the phone by pressing buttons on both sides to activate this. Huh, I didn't realize that Android also has an exact, functional clone of FaceID–and not only that, but 5 years ago ? Don't you think that in 5 years, Apple may have improved the technology to actually work? Swift is slowly moving towards binary and source stability. Storyboards are more capable then they used to be–and they're literally XML. How can you make that unreadable? There a couple of apps that do this, notably Evernote and Goodnotes. Recently, the built in Notes app on iOS has added this feature as well, but it's still a bit finicky. You can draw notes, and then the text of the notes is available for searching. I think it appears in the list of notes as well, but I'm not sure if there's an easy way to extract it. They're downvoted because they don't offer anything interesting to the discussion, not because people think they're anti-Apple. They're thinly-disguised attacks on the article's author. Programming on a TI-83 will be a thing as long as TI-83/4s remain the "gold standard" of graphing calculators in high school. > I don't believe I need absolute 100% control of all things going on in my computer; if I did, I wouldn't be able to utilize it anyways. It's possible to have 100% control of your computer without being able to being able to utilize it. At a higher level, take Linux as an example: I can certainly utilize it, but I still have 100% control over it. The difference here is that I have the option to change things as I see fit, even if I don't know how it works or even that it exists. Most of the time I leave it alone, but there are times where doing things like swapping out the window manager or driver can be helpful. Huh? Emulation is always slower than anything running natively on comparable hardware, since there's an extra layer of abstraction. Do you mean something else here? iBook G4 on Mac OS X Tiger is slow . It's borderline unusable compared to any Intel Mac, even if you stick to "stock" (i.e. use Safari for web browsing, Mail for mail, etc.). I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I feel that the feeling of right-of-way is less a feeling of power but instead a measure of the effort required to stop. Pedestrians can stop pretty easily: they just stop walking. For bikes, it's a more complicated process, requiring braking, possibly putting your foot on the ground, and then extra pedaling to speed up again. As expected, my laptop blows what was arguably the "fastest" PowerPC computer out of the water: http://browser.geekbench.com/geekbench2/compare/1989293/2644... . However, I'm not sure this difference is enough for emulation to work at native speed. Taking the Wii (which used PowerPC) as an example, it wasn't until recently that most computers could handle emulating it without a significant frameskip. The G5 is much more powerful than 729 MHz Broadway that the Wii had. > I've got a 7 or 8 year old Google Nexus phone. There's probably an Android O ROM out there that someone on XDA has compiled for your device. Security fixes, new features, etc.? > (As trivia, I also notice that iPhone5s on ebay that still have iOS 6 sell for a slightly higher premium.) This is probably because it has a better jailbreak scene around it than newer versions of iOS. Also, just as an FYI, the latest version of iOS is 11, and they're not numbered using roman numerals. There's a job at NASA for that. It's called the Planetary Protection Office: https://planetaryprotection.nasa.gov (relevant xkcd what-if: https://what-if.xkcd.com/117/ ) Well, you’re free to compile the code yourself… This isn't related… Musk apparently gets around 6 hours of sleep: http://www.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-daily-schedule-2017... Perhaps I'm simply naive, but I've never encountered the term "w-word". What is it? Plus I'd expect thrust to be kept low until clearing the lower atmosphere so it's not all lost on drag. …while it remains sealed in a layer of gold. It's not easy to get the Americium out. > Haskell for Mac integrates Apple’s SpriteKit game engine including animations & physics. Interesting. How is this done? Is there a Haskell-style interface provided, or is it a thin veneer over the Objective-C API? Interesting…have you tried the features in Windows and macOS which allow you to pick up phone calls/texts with your computer? If so, how does it compare? > this is actually very nutritious Depends on how it's made. Oil/butter is often added because it's cheap and provides "fullness" without being nutritionally satisfying. With food this cheap, you'll need to take a close look at what's actually going in the food. By this logic, isn't Bill Gates a billionaire "on paper" as well? His wealth is all stock and assets. > something is better than going hungry Of course, but marketing it as "healthy" may not be the most accurate way to portray it. Pinned tabs actually have their own icon: https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Ap... Psst…your LaTeX formulas could be improved if you touched them up a bit. You can put text in \text{}, and use the actual commands for math functions such as floor and log by prefixing then with a \. F4 on my computer is Launchpad, and Dashboard is invoked by pressing Fn-F12. Are you confusing the two? Maybe your F11/F12 keys are broken. It may not be a software issue. Unrelated: the article kept sending blurry low-res images and downloading the full version as I scrolled past them. I found this very annoying since I have a poor internet connection and had to wait for each image to load. I’d much rather prefer a slightly longer initial page load than waiting for each image. I’m all for the ability to delete Facebook accounts, but I think that once you’ve willfully shared a message with someone, deleting your account shouldn’t delete your messages. Chats feel like “shared” ownership of the messages in them. There are a fair number of people who do most of their builds on a dedicated build machine… Typing from a Early 2015 MacBook Pro, I agree with him. I love this computer–it has everything I could want: macOS, a bunch of ports (including MagSafe), a great keyboard (I'm very partial to the inverted-T arrow key layout), and it's still reasonably thin, fast, and light. That’s because “speedup” is a hard thing to measure of the variance of what you’re trying to measure is more than the accuracy you’re trying to achieve. The comparison doesn’t make sense here: physicists are trying to measure a constant while execution time depends on the input data, system load, etc. But their point still stands-it’s entirely possible to use Instagram in a “positive” way. > That means that excessive social media time can be a problem and is more objectionable that reading a book and likely also worse than watching TV or playing video games. That’s a rather serious claim to make without a source to back it up. What makes you think that reading is more “benign” than social media? While social media profile portability is generally impossible, almost all email providers will let you export email as a MBOX that you can then import into your new account. How about movies and television, then? You don't need to be able to read to enjoy those, and they've been significantly vilified as well. That may be what most of your students are doing, but does not preclude the fact that there are ways to use social media (including Instagram) effectively, and that there are certainly people who are doing this. Ahh, I see what you're saying. The issue here is that most people have a company's name baked into their email address–so the equivalent for phone numbers would be like me having to dial the carrier name along with the phone number. There is a solution for this problem: give everyone an email address on their own domain, and allow the service "backing" it to be swapped out (this is what I do-I have an email on my domain, but it's transparently mapped to a preexisting Gmail inbox). Of course, the barrier here is that people are used to email being free and easy to set up, while this solution requires a domain name registration (so, around $10-$15 a year minimum) and some technical knowledge on how to set up MX records. Huh, that Viber icon looks odd. Is it my browser or is it just poorly drawn? Yes, the concentric arcs are sheared–I'm seeing this on Safari, Chrome, and Firefox, so I think it's the image rather than my browser's style. > I ran the trial version of Geekbench 2, an older benchmarking utility that runs on different platforms. Hmm…doesn't the trial version run as 32-bit? I don't think this would be an accurate representation. You can go about it both ways: file a bug report, put a reasonable date that you want them to fix it by. Then you can disclose it. This isn't a fix, it's a hack. A computer with a root password is inherently more insecure than one without a root account at all. A better analogy is that there's a fire somewhere in your village, but it's mostly contained (it's not spreading, because other people don't know about it yet). By hollering about it, you've made it possible for anyone to go to the fire, light a torch with it, and burn down the village. Instead, you could call up the fire department and they could put it out–and then you could tell everyone about it. That's when you put a clear timeline for how long you will wait before disclosing when you report these bugs. > I think the problem is due to the fact that they are fans. I think this is an unfair characterization. Sure, it's hard to hear that their "hero is irresponsible", but the real reason is that this kind of behavior puts everyone at risk while Apple tries to fix it. It is now . There's going to be a whole lot of people who are going to set a root password because they read an article online recommending it, then install the update that fixes this issue. Now they're stuck with a root password when they could have not had one at all. As I had said above, this, in the long run, is actually less secure than not having a root account at all. If you do this, make sure to revert it once the issue is patched. APFS is not an example of something I would consider "user visible"–for the average user there's no difference between HFS+ and APFS. > I can't even use hangout or chat on my iPad Air , i have to wait 3 seconds for my words to appear. Obviously, something's wrong with your keyboard, but how do you know it's iOS's fault instead of your app's? Once the fix for this issue is out, you should disable the root user. > Probably more so, last I looked, Apple has considerably fewer software employees than the other big companies. I don't think this is true. Apple, Google, and Microsoft all have on the order of 100K employees. Uhh, no. How are you getting that impression? I'm simply saying that arsonists exist, and it's probably a good idea to make it harder for them to burn things down than to publicly advertise a way for them to do it. I really can't respond to you unless you explain your reasoning… Point taken. A closer look shows that about half of them are part of Apple corporate. *Significantly more risk > They can push to everyone, now, and it will be fine. I'm pretty sure any fix has to go through Build and Integration before being rolled out. Then you need to have people actually install the update… Making it difficult to access something is always worse than not having anything to access. Plus, the average person will set their root password to something like 123456 or qwerty, which is clearly insecure. > Can you create a root account in OS X? Yes, you can. macOS ships with the account disabled by default, but you can re-enable it if you wish. Most of the time there is no reason to do so. > If it was previously possible to create a root account then I guess there's no way to tell the difference between those who created the password as a response to the vulnerability and those that knowingly created a root account. Yes, but this difference doesn't matter. By creating a root account you have made your computer less secure anyways, assuming that we didn't have the current issue at hand. In a week they will be less secure, because they will forget to remove their root account and Apple will have push out a fix. > Additionally, the battery can maintain a highly stable 60 degree Celsius temperature, with stable battery temperatures particularly key for electric vehicles. Isn't this only necessary because Lithium-Ion batteries need it to maintain efficiency and longevity? Is this also an issue with graphene? > And at the same time provided everyone with a simple, free, and perfect way to fireproof his/her house. The issue here is that it isn't perfect in the long run (having a root account with a password is worse than not having one) and many people will not be adopting it since they're not in the know. Of course, it is always possible people have been already exploiting this, but most likely it is at most a small number of people who know about it. Now every script kiddie in the world can and will go around trying to hack anyone who isn't well-informed enough to know how to protect themselves. It's an analogy (and it's not mine, mind you; I simply tried to make it more accurate)–don't take it too literally. Hacking is a thing that exists. By reporting this publicly it's become a lot easier to hack people. Having a root account is a password isn't a hack, it's making one as a workaround for this bug that is. Which comes back to another point I made in this thread: there should have been responsible disclosure of the issue. > Simply pretending root does not exist is a rather new idea and is not best practice. It's only for convenience. Says who? Sure, it's convenient not to have to worry about choosing a secure password for your root account, but why is it "sort of a hack in itself"? Most likely you have some sort of background process that's hogging the CPU–you can try to attach Instruments to it to see what's going on. Well, that and the word of numerous security researchers whose job it is to make sure that Apple is true to their word. Are you referring to macOS? Well, Excel is interpreted, so a better comparison would be made against interpreted languages… Does anyone know why this is happening? I see a lot of testing of when this happens, but I don't see any reasons presented of why . Besides the obvious benefits to Apple, I believe the reason behind this is because allowing JIT execution would open up a security risk. > You wanted to fight for ISIS and now it time to pay the piper. Wow…isn't that a bit of an extreme conclusion to jump to? How do you know they're trying to fight for ISIS? I remember using something similar called the Fusion back in elementary school. It had a built-in typing "instructor" and we were supposed to use it to learn touch typing. Strangely, there appear to be a set of "comprehension questions" at the bottom of the article. Was it supposed to be aimed at schoolchildren reading it? This comment seems to have been downvoted and then flagged, but a reminder that TITS (Transformationally Intelligent Technologies Symposium) is a real, if humorous, sister conference of NIPS: http://www.tits.ai Does Tencent not have an extension that pops up in the sharing sheet for images? Their thriving Git repository says otherwise: https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv It looks like you were cut off there… The issue with this is that the "diet coke and mentos thing" is generally not a requirement to be taught at school, while the Holocaust is. > Swildens ended up selling Speedera at a discount to Akamai for $130 million You’re not the only one. Interesting. In California it appears to be part of the requirements for 10th grade history, and we had a unit on it at school. Another interesting resource is class-dump, which will do much of this work for you and give you a "header" from an Objective-C binary: http://stevenygard.com/projects/class-dump/ Well, you lose the return type as well. Generally in these cases the app is fired up in the debugger and stopped on one of these methods, then dynamically introspected to figure out what it is. Since all Objective-C objects carry around a representation of their class, it's possible for the runtime to provide this to us. Isn't there already music playing? You're not in a quiet scenario anymore. objc_msgSend accepts a variable number of arguments, and it needs to forward those to the method implementation. This is not possible to do in pure C. You'd have to pass around a va_list everywhere and parse it at the call site. This adds overhead that you probably don't want to deal with, especially since objc_msgSend is probably the hottest code path in any Objective-C program. To be honest, it's probably both. The runtime gurus at Apple do a great job hand-optimizing objc_msgSend for each platform since it's such an important factor in the overall speed of an Objective-C program. > Is there an incentive for Apple to push devs to use Swift/ObjC/Xcode to keep them on platform? Of course. It creates developer lock-in. > Native apps are horrible and mask deficiencies in both web apps and device makers. The web should be good enough. I'm going to have to disagree with you there. Web apps (yes, I'm including React Native here) are always inferior to a well-designed native apps. They perform significantly poorer, don't take full advantage of UIKit, and, based on many companies' engineering blogs, require a significant amount of effort to solve issues that just don't occur with native apps. There are two sides to this: 1. Templated apps that spam the App Store just to increase revenue. For example, games that just swap out some assets and rebrand as an entirely new experience. 2. Templated apps for small organizations such as cities and universities that differ significantly in content, but not in design. Obviously, it would be advantageous to let through apps of type #2 while blocking #1–the issue is finding a good boundary between them. I feel that the differences in content should be what really sets apps apart, instead of their design. The C++ example overflows int on most platforms. You may want to change your example! The issue here is Apple doesn't want users to have to avoid low-rated apps–it defeats the whole point of having a walled garden and the app review process if bad apps are allowed through. I found ObamaNet to be much high quality, to be honest. > Attention! Installing cmus-osx will prevent you from opening iTunes until it is uninstalled! Since macOS 10.12 launchctl can not manipulate system services while System Integrity Protection is engaged. Long story short: iTunes will always be launched when a media key is pressed unless it is explicitly disabled. I take it that they're not using MediaPlayer.framework ( https://developer.apple.com/documentation/mediaplayer ), which was introduced in 10.12.1, that solves this exact problem? I would suggest against installing this until this is implemented. The article is self-deprecating in this aspect by squeezing in LOL as well: > yes we found a way to fit another acronym in the piece > newer kids don't have the same attachment to Mario, Zelda, Metroid etc. What makes you think this? I know plenty of children who have been exposed to Mario, Zelda, etc. relatively recently and they’re just as attached as you might consider “older kids” to be. A coup to do…what? What was the motive behind it? What evidence is there to back this up? Well, Google’s their business model actively encourages using this data for advertising or analytics. > Even in desktop it's difficult to figure out web apps wrapped under electron when they are done right.. Name one. > I'm not in the USA :-) > Competition will result in the more rapid expansion of things like Google Fi. You may not be aware of this, but in the US there is almost no competition whatsoever for ISPs. Most people are lucky to have two choices for internet, and they tend to keep their prices relatively similar. > I wouldn't mind paying less if I don't use Netflix. How about paying less if you use less data? > Now it regulates speech. As opposed to, say, the ISPs doing it. Its UI paradigm looks out of place on macOS–it very much looks like a website in an app wrapper. > which is being documented in perfect detail I wouldn't go as far as to say that …websites are lost every day without an archive of them being taken. Telegram is a native app: https://github.com/overtake/TelegramSwift The images were broken for me, so I found the PDF a lot better of a read: https://www.cybereason.com/hubfs/Content%20PDFs/OSX.Pirrit%2... Interesting fact: on Darwin, /dev/random and /dev/urandom behave identically; both are nonblocking: https://developer.apple.com/legacy/library/documentation/Dar... Not on macOS. Both are identical and use Yarrow to generate pseudorandom numbers. It's close, but not quite there. I don't see vibrancy or features from standard text controls. That it’s an interesting question? Or maybe they just pay enough for people to forget about the ethics of what they’re doing. Apparently, the cookie notice is only supposed to show up if the cookies are not related to the site’s purpose; e.g. cookies that keep you logged in or similar are perfectly fine and don’t need a warning. The issue is that every website began using cookies for tracking, so the warnings jut became noise. It’s sad: this law was reasonable, but advertisers were able to completely subvert it into an annoyance for users, and in doing so, prevented the real problem from being solved. > Google had distinct locations for each; but Apple plotted them all at the same location I use Apple Maps almost 95% of the time, and this is one of its major annoyances. If I'm trying to find a location by eyeballing it from the map, it can sometimes be impossible to do so because there's another label on top of it. > In the end I can understand the limitations on the lock screen because it can be tricky to figure out the right way to give third-party apps special permissions like that Interestingly enough, I did some exploring into how Apple was doing this and it seems like there's already an (internal) "API" for bundles of code that work on the home screen and lock screen. Currently it's taken advantage of by apps like Assistant (Siri), ChatKit (I assume this is Quick Reply notifications?), Wallet (which shows up on the lock screen), and the Wi-Fi picker in addition to Maps. Check out /System/Library/SpringBoardPlugins if you're curious. > Apple Maps is not competing with Google Maps. Uhh, it 100% is. The fact that I don't use Google Maps and use Apple Maps instead means that it's in direct competition. > There's also no relief shading to tell where the mountains are or a terrain view for contour lines. At least in my experience, this is done to keep the view uncluttered. The data is still there, and turning on Satellite view+3D shows the mountains and hills. It's probably both. Apple Maps is lighter on the battery, but I'd assume it uses the GPS too since it uses the battery harder than would be expected with just keeping the screen on. You're talking about 154, right? It's not that bad… > They have reasonably good 3D scans of cities, with textures, and it doesn't seem that much of a stretch for them to differentiate between trees, cars etc. and turn that into building shapes Are they not? The area around me has somewhat decent outlines of stuff like trees that I'd assume is coming from the satellite data, since it looks too odd for a human to do manually… > I don't get the feeling anybody actually likes it I enjoy using it. It's well integrated with iOS (and IMHO looks prettier than Google Maps as well). While the concept is interesting, the issue I have with What3Words is that they force you to use their service to figure out what an address actually means . In other words, you can't use it at all without being bound to their whims. Kind of a big deal when working with something as open and public and universal as addresses. > I was thinking the same thing of "who cares." > I take the train and walk a lot more than I drive. Intersting, I have the opposite opinion precisely because I walk to most places. Building outlines give you a good idea of where you can walk–often taking the Manhattan path through a city is suboptimal, and you can cut through blocks based on what's in them. Building outlines let you know if there are alleyways that you can go through. > Prime video is their main competitor. They have a gentleman's agreement with Amazon–like Apple does with Samsung. It's mutually beneficial for both parties so there's no point antagonizing each other. Might be something wrong with your SMC or thermal throttling going on. Either way I'd suggest resetting the SMC and if that doesn't fix it check out Activity Monitor to see what's wrong. Just curious: what are differences between the guarantees provided by Rust's vectors and std::vector from C++? > how much you know about Rust Very little, so please bear with me ;) For example, from the linked page: > Most fundamentally, Vec is and always will be a (pointer, capacity, length) triplet. No more, no less. Does C++ also provide this guarantee? > Vec will never perform a "small optimization" where elements are actually stored on the stack for two reasons: Does C++ do this? and from your response: > No iterator invalidation from iterators you get from it How are you guaranteeing this? C++ doesn't, so what is going on behind the scenes to make this work in Rust? As you can see, I don't know enough about C++ as I would like either… Well, I must be misunderstanding how iterators work in Rust, then. AFAIK in C++ an iterator is a thin wrapper around a pointer in memory, and resizing the container can cause the underlying "base" array to move around to somewhere else if it's reallocated–thus, the invalidation of the old iterator. What is a Rust iterator doing in this case? I haven't been exposed to how ownership/borrowing worked, so this video was great! Thanks for sharing it, since it made many of the other comments in this thread more clear. Ahh, so that's how it works. I wasn't quite getting how Rust's compiler was figuring this out, but I get it now. In the end, it's the same thing, isn't it? The amount of overhead is the same. > don't scroll gradually; read from top to bottom and use pgup/pgdown Am I just spoiled by smooth scrolling on all my devices, or is this hard to do for anyone else? For whatever reason, any "jerky" scrolling (e.g. using the arrow keys, page up/page down, "two finger scrolling" on laptops with bad drivers) just messes with my reading. I think the issue is that I don't like the feeling of text disappearing and reappearing somewhere else–I want my actions to control where the text is going fully so I don't have to re-track it with my eyes. > straight through the Trader Joe's parking lot at Homestead ends, then continued through to tracks that still exist on the other side of 280. Huh, I was walking along Peninsular Avenue a while back and was wondering what that odd, straight, flat area beyond the fence was. Cool to know it used to be a rail line! Intersting…it seems that the two lines actually used to meet up at where Foothill and Grant intersect now, north of 280. The "meeting point" was moved to the other side of 280 and the old line was cut off later. > having official linkages between desktop and mobile apps makes it easier to do things like document sharing between mobile and desktop versions You can do this already via iCloud Drive app folders. > And hopefully even move some players away from the ever-popular not-quite-native desktop apps (looking at you, Slack and Spotify) towards more actually-native UIs. That’s the dream, but I’m not optimistic. More than likely they’ll just add another target to their Electron/React app and call it a day. > UXKit is just a simple compatibility shim on top of AppKit. There are many like it, and there's nothing particularly interesting about UXKit except that it is used by the team that developed the Photos app. Yes, it is, but I think you're underestimating the value of a "compatibility shim". Sure, right now it's all backed by AppKit, but once developers are writing for this abstracted API it makes it possible for Apple to pull out the underlying AppKit implementation details and use a UIKit adaptation instead. You had been flagged for whatever reason…not sure why. > several Apple software like Safari 5 for Windows and iTunes already ship with macOS UI libraries ported to Windows. Actually, the situation is kind of the opposite: Safari and iTunes eschew the use of macOS's UI libraries. Safari, in particular, is actually just WebKit (which has no "UI") wrapped up in a Windows-style chrome to appear native. iTunes itself, even on macOS, is some sort of weird C++ hybrid abstracted API that's not Cocoa (which is why it looks so "off" on macOS). This, along with a version of Foundation/CoreFoundation, allows it to work on both platforms–though not very well, I'll admit. > Making the iPad a giant iPhone was a big mistake. I disagree. iPad is fundamentally a touch device, and trying to shoehorn macOS into this paradigm would have probably doomed iPad–remember, that's what the competition was doing back before iPad, and you know how the sales of those devices were… For developers this transition was quite seamless, since most of the high-level API functionality was still there. This isn't the case when you're ripping out the current UI framework that every app uses. Yep, and pairing a Bluetooth keyboard would work as well! I knew many people who carried around an iPad and a Magic Keyboard to use together. I wouldn't be so sure. Adobe has a rather large presence on the iOS App Store, and they're frequently featured as early adopters of whatever new technology Apple rolls out during their onstage presentations. Apple would probably try hard to get Adobe to follow along here, since it's an important app that people want to use. Windows is a different beast–many of it's laptop/desktop computers have touchscreens, and Microsoft overreached and basically made the experience better for them at the expense of mouse/keyboard devices. Apple can't do this, of course, since Macs don't have touch screens. Friendly reminder that a 12" laptop named "iBook" already exists: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBook Maybe they'll rewrite iTunes to use this framework, instead of the C++ Windows/macOS hybrid monster it is today? I would seriously doubt this. More than likely it'll be a unification of some AppKit and UIKit API, with the developer being expected to tailor the experience to the input devices available. It's called JavaScriptCore and it's part of iOS as well. Maybe into your attention, but the majority of people probably have no idea what a Palm Pilot even is… Huh, interesting. I came across NXHashMap in the Objective-C runtime documentation and was wondering what the "NX" stood for. > [Can I] Upload 100GB of data to Google Drive? Yes…is there something preventing you from doing so? > Play movies stored on my external hard disc? Well, you could if your hard disc supported a format that iOS could understand, such as a lightning cable, Bluetooth, or Wi-Fi. > Download Youtube videos for local playback, as some Mac apps can do? There are apps that let you do this. > Can I build an iOS app? An Android app? No, unfortunately you can't do this yet. This is one of the things that iPad cannot do yet and I'm sure Apple is working on. > The OS and apps could and should be updated to support touch. This is an awful lot of work for developers…especially on Apple's platforms, where bolt-on solutions are rare and most apps try to make full use of the medium they have. > I want an OS with the full power of a PC OS + touch. You can get there by taking a mobile OS and making it more powerful, or by taking a PC OS and adding touch to the OS and apps. Yes, we all do–and Apple is doing this from the "taking a mobile OS and making it more powerful" rather than "taking a PC OS and adding touch to the OS and apps" as Microsoft is doing. My argument is that this is the better way to do things, and the market seems to largely agree. > I would probably ask if this is in-place or do we treat the input tree as immutable. …that's what the parent comment is implying. Ask questions and don't assume things. > Asking too many questions sounds like you're trying to delay coding something up. In my experience, if you write boilerplate you'd need to write anyways while asking these questions interviewers don't hold it against you. I'd agree about Blackberry, or even the Motorola RAZR–those were phones that people knew about. Palm? Not so much. You're joking, right? Well, it's not an iOS limitation at that point. Someone keeps flagging you… C++ makes this possible via templates. Generally the size is moved to a template argument, which allows the compiler to check this at compile time (of course, this restricts you to statically sized matrices). > They are however lowering the price to exchange batteries even for older models. No, they’re not: > Apple is reducing the price of an out-of-warranty iPhone battery replacement by $50 — from $79 to $29 — for anyone with an iPhone 6 or later whose battery needs to be replaced, starting in late January and available worldwide through December 2018. No. > I could not launch Lyft, uber took minutes to open That’s something that’s wrong with your phone, not iOS. > Its sort of a crazy idea, but close to what people want. Of course, what people want is free iPhones. Apple isn’t going to do it just because it’s what everyone wants. In case the article author is here: The code snippets given aren't escaped, so &, show up as HTML entities instead. > I like to think I'm a proponent of open source as I try to contribute but to be honest I don't actually think it really matters for Android to be independent of Google services because as far as I can tell, most people like Android with Google services? That's exactly why it should be independent of Google services–it makes it too easy to make changes to benefit those who use Google services and harm those who don't in the name of "but it's great for most people…" > I might have lifted my Apple Watch and said “Hey Siri, record a note.” If I was using the Apple Neutron Star Edition Apple WatchOS, it would have had to correct for time dilation between time at my waist and time at my shoulder. Would it, really? Using a back-of-the-envelope calculation using a formula pulled from Wikipedia[1], and assuming: 1. The Apple Watch needs to stay within 50 milliseconds as Apple advertises 2. The neutron star is around two solar masses and has a radius of 10 km, and isn't spinning faster than 1,000 times a second 3. The distance between your waist and shoulder is about a meter it should take a couple hundred seconds before Apple Watch drifts out of sync. Should be long enough for Siri to record your note :) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_time_dilation#Ou... > And how many Indian- or Brazilian-born users went to a high school without a mascot, or grew up on a street with no name? Was helping my (Indian) grandfather and came across a similar issue–very little applied to him. We finally got him to settle on some questions, but then when he forgot the password and went back to reset it, it kept dinging him because one of the questions was like “what was your third grade teacher’s name” and he had forgotten how he had Anglicized it. I believe the article was trying to show how these rules were being applied unevenly, rather than trying to legitimize incitement. > Since computer codes are created by machines with relatively predictable patterns, it is entirely possible for hackers to guess their algorithms, posing a security risk. That’s not what “computer codes” and “algorithms” mean. It might also get you flagged… You’re being disingenuous: people don’t use iPhones or Galaxies because they’re expensive. Browsers are free and it doesn’t cost money to change them. Which is a roundabout way of saying mobile Chrome doesn’t work well on lower end devices, which is why many users switch to it. This is the reason why I (and a distant parent, I’d assume) was looking for. Unless they live in a bubble, I’m sure most people at Apple are already aware of this. > accredited educational institutions Would this also extend to students of said institutions wishing to distribute free apps that they create in, say, an iOS development course? I do, actually. Mostly because I use older console that have been reverse engineered enough for this to be possible… > an Android for your smart phone There are but a precious few of these that allow you to unlock your bootloader or acquire root access. > if you get the 1TB model, your iMac Pro has two 512MB NAND banks Looks like you meant “GB” here. Yes, but the T2 has much more control over the boot process and hardware. The T1 was relatively isolated, communicating with the rest of the computer only for Touch Bar related stuff, and verifying data in the Secure Enclave. > The article mentions the memory comes in two banks. Is it replaceable, or is it soldered to the board? Depends on your definition of replaceable . Apple can do it, and you can too, since it’s not soldered onto the motherboard. However, you’d have to open up most of the computer and remove the display, which is “unsupported” by Apple. There’s no way they can do this in the foreseeable future, since they need to continue to support current Macs without T2 as well. > Then you would be able to downgrade your OS version, they don't want that. Ignoring for the moment that you can already do this, allowing users to go back to older versions is a security hole. TouchID is part of the Secure Enclave along with Apple Pay and the keychain. I’d expect the FaceTime camera is wired up to it for security, to prevent access from malicious programs. Is the ambient light sensor used for controlling the brightness of the Touch Bar? The Intel transition was officially started with 10.4.4, IIRC, and the last version of Mac OS X that PowerPC Macs could run was Leopard. Mac OS X 10.7 dropped Rosetta, meaning all software had to be Intel-only. I know that by OS X all system binaries were Intel only, without a PowerPC slice. > but people in the lower or lowest castes wouldn't be in the US in the first place due to lack of resources While Indians in the US tend toward the upper castes, it's not true that there aren't any people in the US of lower caste as well. Even in India the disparity between the castes is narrowing as affirmative action and modernization render such differences moot–as such, it isn't really true that people of lower cast have a "lack of resources", so there are people that are able to come over. From the symptoms, it looks like it’s starving the computer of memory. It doesn’t look like anyone’s debugged this, so once I get back to my computer I’ll take a look and get it reported to Apple. Not quite: many people already have 2.0.2 (which is buggy) installed. Short of uninstalling htop the issue still remains. I can't edit anymore, so I'm going to reply: I did a bit more research on this issue and it's not actually a memory bug at all. In reality there appears to be an infinite loop in calls to task_for_pid: https://github.com/hishamhm/htop/issues/682#issuecomment-355... . I'm still not sure who's doing the wrong thing, htop or Apple, but it's clear that freezing up the system is always incorrect behavior. I've been looking for something like Regarding :h, is it any different than just using dirname? This is particularly true in the many parts of the Bay Area, where a major portion of a "house price" is the price of the land it's built on rather than the actual house's (construction) price. Well, a naïve way to "prove" it would be to flip the quadrant over the axes to tile the other quadrants. Is this legal? Or, more specifically, are there tiles that can tile something one way, but not if flipped? > The entire Archiverse archives are posted under an open source license, free for mirroring or even personal download if you want to perform a deep, offline analysis. I hope you've got a 17TB hard drive lying around... I'm curious about the legality of offering these under an open source license, since I'd assume that the original content isn't in the public domain yet? Unless Nintendo's TOS had placed these under that license itself? Hmm, how does this work? Is it a browser thing, or ISP providing this?