It's apparently more complicated than that. Here's a review by one of her former professors: http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/review... Yes, Javac is open source. You can't get any more official than that. http://openjdk.java.net/groups/compiler/ Neat. Is there a class hierarchy browser? I've always thought of humor as a way of gaining trust. A joke that succeeds proves that you share a common understanding about some aspect of life. This is why explaining a joke never works (if you have to explain it, it proves you didn't understand each other), and why it's much easier to get a friend to laugh than a stranger; if someone already knows and trusts you, any little thing will remind them of that trust. It's also why insider jokes are only funny to insiders; they are a way of proving shared knowledge and cannot work without it. It sounds like these researchers showed a special case of this: if you want be the leader in a situation then you need to be able to get people to trust you, so naturally would-be leaders will tell jokes in an attempt to create and reinforce trust. Also, if you're not a leader and you tell a joke then it could be considered a challenge by an insecure leader, so this will be avoided by people who don't want to rock the boat. But to say that jokes are only about aggression is too much. If everyone in the group is comfortable telling jokes then that's a sign that there's a lot of mutual trust. Compartamos in Mexico is a for-profit bank making microloans. There's some controversy about that: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/05/business/worldbusiness/05m... A bigger difference is that the donors aren't the customers. A charity has positive cash flow so long as it pleases its donors, who don't necessarily know what's really happening with the people who receive the charity's services. "According to Ithaca Fire Department statistics, Lowe was the fifteenth person to die in Ithaca's gorges since 2000—and the fourth to drown in that particular pool since 1986. When most people think of gorge deaths, they think of the jumpers who have given Cornell an unwanted (and unwarranted) reputation as a suicide hot spot. But Ithaca Police Officer Doug Hoyt estimates that about half of those fifteen deaths were accidents caused by turbulent water, slippery rocks, fallen trees, and a host of other natural features. The local community has mourned each death. But Lowe's passing—coming in the wake of the drowning the previous year of Jeevan Mykoo, a thirty-year-old tourist from Ottawa, and the 2006 death of Navin Parthasarathy, a visiting graduate student from the University of California, Santa Barbara—has spurred a widespread debate about how to deal with the dangers and appeals of one of Cornell's great natural attractions." http://cornellalumnimagazine.com/index.php?option=com_conten... Bugs in things that radiation at people make headlines and people tend to remember them. It's called availability bias. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Availability_heuristic Canada's also turning parts of Alberta into a wasteland. http://www.flickr.com/photos/pembina/sets/72157621954583656/ I'd recommend Partners in Health, which has run a well-regarded hospital in Haiti for decades. More here: http://www.standwithhaiti.org/haiti/news There's no way to answer this question unless you say what the server is supposed to do. Why do you need "low-level control"? How do you plan to deploy the server when you're done? Who will maintain it? This is a repost of an article that's at least a decade old. It has references to jre 1.1.8, green threads versus native threads, and so on. How is that making fun of anyone? It's true, and people who actually take care of retarded children and adults have to come to terms with it. Who's going to take care of them when you can't anymore? The shock comes from finding selfishness in something that isn't selfish at all. How many people would volunteer to take care of retarded children they don't know for even a day? Absolutely! There are lots of one-person projects on Github; I have a few of my own. They already do what I want, but could be expanded to be useful to more people. Anyone who wants to dive in could make a big difference. The tricky bit is that I'm not really looking for one-person open source projects to contribute to, so how would I ever notice them? It seems like there's an opportunity here. There are contracting firms that take a far smaller cut. However, they won't find work for you, so if you don't find it on your own then you won't be paid. A reasonable compromise would be to require providers of alternative medicine to show that it's not harmful . Maybe it doesn't do anything, but that's for others to decide. Those are the standard claims, but drowning the reader in code that consists of lots of tiny, obscurely named functions (most of which you just defined), combined with abstractions based on high-level mathematics, limits your audience to people who would be comfortable reading mathematics papers. That's pretty much the opposite of making it easier to understand something. I like Haskell for the intellectual challenge, but if the aim is to write clear example code that will be understandable to a large audience, you'd be much better off writing it in Python. It's amusing to hear the common myth that the Linux kernel is a huge project. No, a huge project is something like Gentoo or Ubuntu. Try to put all the source code for every package in a Linux distribution into a single Git repository and it (obviously) will fall over, because it would be tough to fit that on one machine. So if you're using Git, the best practice is "don't do that, then." But I work at a large company where all the source code is in a single repostory . Being able to do a partial checkout (your package and its dependencies, on the head branch only) is essential for us and it's not a workflow Git supports at all. I do agree, however, that Git is fast enough for any open source project out there. It's just not scalable to large organizations. For Java I agree, more and shorter methods are better. But then I see Haskell programs with zillions of one-line functions and higher math to do trivial things, and then I can understand where he's coming from. In Ubuntu it wouldn't make sense because they're taking most of the code from upstream anyway and it changes slowly; I was just using it to give a sense of scale. The scenario where a single repository becomes handy is when you want to change a method in a shared library fix all the callers in the same commit, and you can do that because the code isn't public and you know all the callers. (It's much the same reason Linux prefers drivers to be in-tree.) But I'm not sure I entirely want to defend this model; just pointing out that it exists, and the people who like it aren't going to change how the whole company works just to adopt git. He forgets that feeling bad about previous mistakes helps you remember them and improves future decision-making. Someone who could immediately put previous bad choices out of their mind once they've made a decision probably wouldn't learn much. It's understandable that people get tired of repeating themselves, but on the other hand, if you're trying to be a leader and you're not selling your ideas to everyone around you who might listen (and using this as practice to improve your ideas and your sales pitch), you're not doing your job. I may not buy your argument but I'll respect you more for genuinely trying to sell it to me on it than for ignoring me. For phone numbers, this library might help: http://code.google.com/p/libphonenumber/ It seems like isBlank() would mean null or empty or all whitespace? No, you can't install your own C libraries. There's an imaging library built in: http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/python/images/usingima... I've not run it myself, but a neighboring team tried it and switched to Java due to latency issues. Remember that anything you do at startup will affect latency for some requests when App Engine has to spin up a new JVM. It's to your advantage to make startup times as fast as possible. "Don't allow yourself to get desperate. Studies about how people make decisions when under pressure show that you lose flexibility when there's a deadline looming. You try the first thing that comes to mind, and unless you're an expert, it's frequently the wrong thing (and even when you're an expert it's frequently the wrong thing). (Klein, 1998)" This rings true, but where could I read more online about these studies? As stated this is far too ambitious a goal. But let's say we don't worry about traffic analysis and just protect the content. What would a minimal "git with privacy" look like? The're terrible even at the bottom. The problem with 360 reviews is that writing reviews of your co-workers is excruciating, and the more inclined you are to be critical, the worse it is. It's essentially impossible to be honest without making people you have to work with every day unhappy, so I spend most of the time trying to think up nice things to say while not being completely dishonest. (And therefore I distrust the nice things they say about me.) I can't think of anything less likely to promote honest communication. If they're smart then it would actually be a very restrictive subset of Python, not the full language. Most importantly, the movie is great! Time to watch it again. And if you're the kind of person who likes to order a veggie burger with bacon, I highly recommend you watch it using YouTube's fine streaming DRM: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzTg7YXuy34 This particular proposal isn't very well thought out, but plenty of other people have had similar ideas, going back at least to Keynes: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_transaction_tax http://news.google.com/news/search?q=%22financial+transactio... You could start out that way and get pretty far, but eventually the language will get complicated enough that you'll want something more like LaTex than like JSON if you want it to be readable. Musical notation is often deliberately ambiguous to allow for interpretation. Tempo is often approximate. Durations are often approximate or implied (such as swing time). Volume is very approximate. And then there are various kinds of hinting. The hints need to be in the source code because nobody wants to specify them with more precision. But that said, I'd be perfectly happy with something basic that runs in a browser. So how do you find out whether they're ignorant of that? A good way is to search for things that people probably didn't mean to reveal publicly. If a large number of people don't know what they're doing, that's a UI design fail. It doesn't matter whether they should have known. (I suspect Twitter has the same problem. People should know it's completely public, but I suspect many don't.) Coming from Perforce, I'd say that git's model seems overly rigid. In Perforce, workflow looks like this: - edit files A, B, C, D, E in the default changelist. - put A and B in changelist #1 - put C, D, E in changelist #2 - oops, C is the wrong changelist. Move it to #1. - edit file F (starts out in default changelist) - put F in changelist #1 - send both changelists out for review. - edit file B based on review. Run tests to make sure both CLs work together. - commit one of the CL's So the basic idea is that I have multiple changelists open simultaneously and the contents of the changelists are fluid. I can keep changing my mind about them until commit. Of course, since Perforce CL's are file-based, this all breaks down if I want overlapping uncommitted CL's. Git handles that better, which is why I'm using Git now. But I still miss the ease of use of Perforce when working on multiple CL's. Sure, the commits in Git are only local and you can always edit them until you do a push, but it seems like I have to plan ahead more and commit more often, or I end up having to split or merge CL's using commands I'm not very comfortable with. Yep, that's the standard answer. But (a) why does the average investor care about short term liquidity? Mutual funds only let you sell once a day and most people are perfectly happy with that. And (b) what good is liquidity that disappears when you need it most? It's a self-serving argument at best. I sometimes wonder why the whole thing couldn't be replaced with a giant daily auction. Again, that's the standard answer, but it's frequently repeated and never proven. I don't see it as anything more than conventional wisdom. I wonder if this is true? From: http://pinyin.info/readings/texts/chinesewriting.html "Since Cantonese, Shanghainese, and other nonstandard varieties differ from Mandarin not just in sound but also in vocabulary and grammar, the characters cannot bridge this gap by themselves, even with their relative neutrality toward sound.7 Much of the core vocabulary of non-Mandarin Chinese has no counterpart in Mandarin and no recognized character representation. Conversely, many Mandarin terms for which characters do exist are foreign to non-Mandarin speakers. The fact that nonstandard speakers can read a text in the standard language simply means that these speakers are bilingual. They have learned written Mandarin as a second language. They know enough vocabulary and grammar to make sense of Mandarin texts, much as I know enough French words and grammar to read that language (without being able to pronounce it convincingly, much less to speak it fluently). If Chinese characters have unified the Chinese languages, then the alphabet has unified French and English. "The characters do allow nonstandard speakers to use their own pronunciations to read Mandarin texts. So instead of acclimating to the national standard, nonstandard speakers reinforce their own speech habits and add to the vitality of their "dialect" by introducing new vocabulary from Mandarin, which they pronounce their own way by analogy. Whether alphabetic scripts should be used to provide China's non-Mandarin speakers with the means to become literate in their own language is a political question outside the scope of the present inquiry. But one thing is certain: since non-Mandarin speakers are forced anyway to learn a second language, it would make more sense from the viewpoint of those promoting unity if this bilingualism were achieved through Mandarin written in the pinyin alphabet.8 The incentive to learn the national standard, including its pronunciation, would be higher than it is today if one's ability to read depended on it. As it is now, nonstandard speakers work their way through standard texts using whatever pronunciation comes naturally, not fully learning Mandarin and not reading their own languages either." Yes, many people are working on solutions, but I think the point is that for green industry to succeed, growth in energy consumption has to actually stop, and preferably reverse. It's good to be clear about about the goal. You realize that this isn't about renting a U-haul, right? It's about traveling, on foot or by public transportation, to somewhere where you don't own any land, don't speak the language, and don't know anyone. In other words, to become a refugee. There are plenty of people like that already, but they tend to move to the cities. Actually, he doesn't think much of Julian Simon and says why. Actually, what I meant to say is that fossil fuel consumption has to stop growing and preferably decline. But there are limits to green energy too. For a British take on this: http://www.withouthotair.com/ In the short term, sudden changes in energy consumption are very disruptive. (For example, see gas prices and the auto industry last year.) But a longer-term, gradual shift towards less energy usage need not be. Flight fundamentally depends on cheap, portable energy. When energy is cheap and travel times are long, spending more energy to get there faster makes sense. But the Concorde was already on the marginal side of that curve. Those faster planes, not to mention things like flying cars and jetpacks, are dreams from the era of (apparently) limitless cheap energy. Passenger space ultimately depends on cheap energy too, which is why the innovation we see is in things like entertainment systems, climate control, bigger windows, reduced noise, and so on that don't require more space. A correction: the article refers to Kevin Kelly as the "founder" of Wired, when actually it's Louis Rossetto. (I wonder what else they got wrong?) Since technology companies are a major cause of the high cost of living in Silicon Valley (by increasing the demand for housing by people who can well afford to pay), it's hard to see how you can reduce the cost of living without making Silicon Valley less attractive to entrepreneurs. Supply is fixed by the amount of land, the consensus that remaining open spaces should be protected, and zoning laws in desirable communities that prevent higher density. Of course this could be relaxed but that only buys us a few years before the new housing fills up and we're back where we started, but with a more crowded community, one step closer to Manhattan. The steady state in a built-up place like the bay area is zero growth in housing. You can split it up any way you want to, so long as you don't require more than 1-2 transaction per second in each entity group. On the other hand, lots of tiny entities doesn't perform well either. So it's a pretty severe design constraint. To get decent performance for batch jobs, I use the remote API with bulk gets and bulk puts and no transactions. But that's useful only for inserts or when you've taken the application offline. There may be an interesting effect, but I previously read an article questioning whether the study did enough to rule out placebo effects: "Taken on its own merits, this is a nice piece of biochemistry. But what does it really tell us about acupuncture? Does it actually validate this ancient method as a way of relieving pain? After reading the paper, you might walk away with that idea that we’re one step closer to understanding how a treatment with real medical benefits really works [...] "But these results have to be considered in the light of those that came before it. As mentioned above, new scientific discoveries stand on the shoulders of giants and in the case of acupuncture – one of the most well-researched of all “alternative therapies” – those shoulders are particularly large. "Many trials have demonstrated that acupuncture does have some pain-relieving effects – that is not in doubt. And as Steven Novella notes, unlike things like homeopathy or reiki, with acupuncture “something physical is actually happening… so it is therefore not impossible that a physiological response is happening”. But the big questions are whether this effect is genuine of nothing more than a placebo." From: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/notrocketscience/2010/05/3... Unfortunately, it doesn't explain to the newcomer why this language is worth learning. I was expecting some kind of feature comparison or "Why another language?" article. (That's a first impression. Then I read the comments here, and discovered it's based on PLT Scheme, which at least tell s me a little about what to expect.) Looks like the best way to get rid of this is to use the secure search: https://www.google.com/ Why does any reasonable investor need to sell within minutes? What does this solve that a giant daily auction wouldn't solve? It seems to me the only reason such speed is necessary is to beat everyone else, and that's only necessary because everyone else does it. Yes, but only when significant news happens at the last minute. (Think about why companies release earnings after the market closes.) Preserving data for future historians is a good thing but why is it so important to preserve your own data? Do you really think that's what will be the most valuable to them? It seems better to contribute to projects like the Internet Archive. Also, the value of data depends partially on its scarcity, and I expect data about us won't be particularly scarce. More data is better, but when doing a bulk analysis, 10 terabytes of family pictures will not be all that different from 10.1 terabytes of family pictures. That's a good first step, but the next step is to ask why people didn't follow the rules. What sort of pressure were they under and what were their incentives? That's when you start asking questions about corporate culture. Logarithms are tricky with complex numbers because rotation wraps around if you go 360 degrees (2 pi i). Maybe they're not morning people? I sometimes get on a bad cycle of work late, stay up late, sleep in, and get into work at 11 the next day. It's not because anyone asked me to keep this schedule. If you get someone who seems not to care or makes you uneasy then you're not going to hire them, right? The thank you note is a little bit old school, but how else do you figure out if they're going to be easy to work with, if not how they behave on the interview? The Readability extension helps with the font size and formatting but not with the very long paragraphs and lack of section headlines. I can see it as purely an academic exercise. But what good is inventing a language that nobody else knows? How do we communicate? How do we share code? Languages are important to the extent that people decide to learn them and use them, and that way lies politics. If you can honestly say that you get always get everything done on time then that's huge . If you say that the design on these websites isn't your idea then I think potential employers would be understanding, but better would be to build something simple on your own that shows what a website looks like when you do it your way. If you assume no more profits and a fixed cost to winding the company down (you can't actually get all the cash back) then buying back stack reduces the cash to required expenses ratio, so it would make sense for the stock price to go down. At the point where cash equals the remaining expenses then the stock is worth zero. But this shouldn't happen for a profitable company, even if they are "out of ideas". My impression from this post (as someone more familiar with Java and Python but who has tried Ruby a bit) is that it's a complex, fast-moving ecosystem that's somewhat difficult to keep up with. Not a bad thing, but a bit daunting for people who don't do it full time. There are other fast-moving ecosystems that I already have to keep up with. It likely has the side effect that that web searches will bring up a lot of obsolete articles. A well-written post, but how does this help your aunt who just wants to follow you in Facebook? The report is apparently not online, though you can give them your email address here: http://www.ncwit.org/resources.thefacts.html [Edit: actually it is, just click "no thanks"] There's another article here: http://www.readwriteweb.com/enterprise/2010/06/ncwit-report-... "The NCWIT report contends that 56% of women in technology companies leave their organizations at the mid-level point (10-20 years) in their careers, a costly loss of talent." Maybe this is just Silicon Valley bias, but I have to wonder about who stays with the same organization for 10-20 years! I would expect most people to have worked at two or three companies by then. I wonder whether they addressed that? Since we weren't there and don't know the person, all sorts of interpretations are plausible, including that the person telling the story got it right. Why do you choose to assume they got it wrong? Sounds like the just-world fallacy to me: http://youarenotsosmart.com/2010/06/07/the-just-world-fallac... Thanks, skimmed too quickly. But after reading it, I see that all their statistics comes from another paper: "The Athena Factor: Reversing the Brain Drain in Science, Engineering, and Technology" by Sylvia Ann Hewlett, et al, which Harvard Business Review will sell you for $300: http://app.post.hbsp.harvard.edu/athena/athena13/landingpage... There's a summary here: http://www.nature.com/embor/journal/v9/n10/full/embor2008178... This might be a more accurate summary: "Although SET companies are struggling with a shortfall of skilled workers and can ill afford such a brain drain, roughly 52% of women between the ages of 35 and 40 leave their jobs largely because of 'hostile work environments and extreme job pressures', according to the study." Regardless of whether they go on to another company, it's alarming that there are that many hostile work environments out there. Compare "I doubt this is a problem" with "Alarming if true. How can we determine whether this is really a problem?" Both are expressions of skepticism, but one shuts down further inquiry and the other encourages it. Willpower is a limited resource, at least in the short term: http://scienceblogs.com/cortex/2009/12/willpower.php I think it's essential. Not knowing the internals both means that you're more likely to screw up and type the wrong git command, and makes it less likely that you can get yourself out of trouble on your own. It's hard to actually lose data with git, but you need a good understanding to fix things. Much better explanation here: http://ctuning.org/wiki/index.php/CTools:MilepostGCC The basic idea is to use machine learning to pick the best set of gcc compiler options for a program. A better optimizer for a compiler is useful but it's hardly a revolution. Edit: to clarify, this isn't just choosing command-line flags, but using machine learning in the compiler's internals. I didn't say it's essential for other source control systems. It's only essential for git. This is why git is so annoying to learn and I'm reluctant to recommend it. Unlike, say, a filesystem where you can understand it at the POSIX level and there's no reason to understand disk sectors, the internals of git are exposed and there's no simpler model of how it works. Many of the commands don't make sense unless you start to understand the internals. Yes, we know how it works. Someone was looking at what happens in the common case and didn't think of this edge case. It's a reminder that social situations are complex and though we try, it's impossible to think of every edge case. That's why you need a way for people to report bugs to you, a way to quickly disable features that aren't working, and a process to fix them. A video phone isn't for routine phone calls or for marriages or funerals, but there are lots of family events in the middle. It's common for relatives to sometimes be unable to show up for birthdays or Christmas. I have an aunt who bought a video phone to do that when she's in Florida. I suspect you could get something almost as good with a tabletop-sized bot. Just ask one of your colleagues to bring it to the meeting and leave it on the table. Something so small and easily moved could be designed to be completely unintimidating, which could be an advantage in some situations. That's not a great analogy. Using cheaper components to cut costs requires more engineering effort; this is a form of optimization. For a prototype, you might just use more expensive components if it's convenient, since the per-unit cost doesn't matter much. When writing software, there's no direct analogy because usually the components we build our programs out of have hardly any per-unit cost. We don't save any money by using a crappy third-party library over a high-quality one. Using a library with lots of unnecessary features may be cheaper both for prototyping and for the final product. There is a free, open source version of IDEA now (without all the plugins): http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/free_java_ide.html Memory usage depends on how much source code you have. A startup will never have enough source code to worry about it, unless you do something silly like compiling all your third-party libraries from source. It wasn't until I joined Google that I started seeing performance issues. It's not completely defensible, but it's not a lyrics site either because they'd have to write the bingo card generator too. The point seems to be to relate the content back to something else you own that nobody else has built yet. I find it useful to remember that finance can only solve problems to the extent that it changes what people do in the real world. What is retirement savings, but a way for older people to convince younger people to do work for them? Money is a persuasive way of doing that, but regardless it's older people depending on younger people to take care of them. Compare these scenarios: - people save for retirement, so many old people are have money to spend. Lots of young people go into occupations that help old people because that's where the money is. - the government provides pensions, so many old people have money to spend. Lots of young people go into occupations that help old people because that's where the money is. Either way, the real-world effect is the work that young people do. There are always risks and they can't be wished away. The government could change the pension plan. (But note that in the U.S, social security is very well defended in Congress, and more older voters makes it more secure.) Or the price of services that old people need could go up because there are fewer workers or because they dislike the work. As an individual, having above-average savings helps, but by definition everyone can't be above-average. If all retirees double their savings and supply is fixed then inflation is inevitable. To a first approximation the only real-world solutions are to increase the number of workers (immigration or increased birth rate) or to to increase productivity so fewer younger workers are needed. Agreed that abstraction is itself the problem - very abstract things are more difficult to understand than concrete things, because there's nothing to grab onto. I know you're trying, but you're going to lose the beginner as soon as you get to the code example - it's just too terse and foreign. Remember that people who don't know monads also don't understand Haskell very well, so they need to know your intentions before trying to read the code. You have to explain this in English . First you'd have to explain what the comma function does (creates a pair), what liftList2 does (takes the cartesian product and applies an operator to each pair - oops, that assumes the reader knows what cartesian product means!) and what the liftMaybe2 does (applies a binary operator if both arguments are not null - er, I mean Nothing). In Java all these methods would have JavaDoc, so you have some clue what the author intends before reading the code. I think readable Haskell would probably need five times as many lines of comments as actual code since so many functions are one-liners. It's much like math: if you really want to explain things so a beginner will get it, you need half a page of text and maybe some diagrams per equation . Personally I like this Monad tutorial. We can at least say that a Monad is more like a macro syntax than like a data structure and people will get the vague idea: http://kawagner.blogspot.com/2007/02/understanding-monads-fo... If you're looking for something like 80's Basic then I recommend trying out Processing. It has a reasonable IDE and the graphics commands are very similar. Processing.js would work too but it needs an IDE. I partially disagree with #4: it's actually a good idea to cite your sources - certainly a better idea than a lot of the other boilerplate commenting I see. If your only source for a business rule is "conversation with Bob in Sales" then say that. For another take on an English-like computer language, try out Inform 7 [1]. It also suffers from being too English-like, but it's a somewhat more successful experiment. Also, writing obfuscated code is fun. [2] [1] http://inform7.com/ [2] http://slesinsky.org/brian/code/i7_poetry.html There's no sure way to win with everyone, but usually you get more points by asking the interviewer what sort of answer he or she is looking for than by blindly making assumptions. Part of the point is to see whether people have good communication skills and can deal with ambiguity. Get everyone who's working on a big problem together in one room. It raises the question: if this works, why not do it all the time? I can imagine this works great until you create so many patches that you spend all your time upgrading your dependencies. (Or just stop upgrading.) Maybe saying that hackers want to work with other hackers isn't general enough? People who are good at what they do attract others who are also good at what they do. While it's true that working with the best programmers is a draw, so is working with the best artists or graphic designers or physicists. Mutual respect can cross disciplines. Actually, the visitor pattern doesn't actually solve anything - it just moves the problem around. At best, it makes your code more complicated in return for getting a compiler error when you forget to implement something. Example: if you have 150 monsters then you would need a MonsterVisitor with 150 visit() methods. Now when you add a new monster, you have to add another visit() method and perhaps implement it in each visitor (unless you implement a default instead). And this doesn't work at all if you load new monsters at runtime, unless they always get the default behavior. There's little advantage over switch statements with defaults so long as you have a way of remembering where all the switch statements are when you need to update something. The narrative wouldn't work the same if it were a novel or a film. To take a simple example, watching someone else being reluctant to incinerate the Weighted Companion Cube would only work as part of a screwball comedy. If you have to do it yourself, it's still a funny situation but it feels a bit different. And if you want to focus on the game, there is an interesting game mechanic, too. "Just plugging some OCR algorithms into a midi player" is severely downplaying a difficult task. OCR algorithms designed for text aren't likely to be immediately applicable to musical notation, which is pretty complicated, not all that standardized, and often ambiguous. This is the sort of area where deep knowledge really pays off - it's not just throwing together a website. Assuming any software can be patented, I don't doubt there are some algorithms to be discovered in this area that qualify. Hopefully the patents aren't so broad that others can't work around them. Would you notice if someone stopped posting on Hacker News? Does that mean Hacker News isn't valuable? What if someone decided to stop editing Wikipedia? When you read the news, do you remember the byline of every story you read? For large public conversations, most of what you read is contributed by people you don't know. Your friends' contributions are only a small part of what makes the place what it is. And yet the overall effect is valuable. So post or don't post, as you please. There are only a few people whose posting schedules I keep track of, but I still value the overall effort. That's a bad way to think about it. You probably don't want to work on the same project forever anyway, and if you're so smart, teaching other people what you know is the most important thing you should be doing . The bottleneck on many projects (especially those that are either poorly defined or particularly novel) is not coding speed, but rather learning speed. The faster the team learns about the problem it's really solving, the environment the solution has to live in, the people who will have to use the software, and what the possible solutions are, the faster you're done. Of course I don't know you, but my impression based solely on this post is that your missing skill might be getting knowledge across without making the person you're talking to feel bad. That is, coming across as a patient, friendly teacher without being condescending. People like that are worth a lot. The "I'm more technical than you" game is commonly played in hacker circles but encourages us to behave badly. Does it bother anyone else that this story is illustrated with pictures from a movie about the invasion of Normandy? What were they thinking? The way "instant personalization" works is that when you a visit one of the few sites where this is turned on, you are automatically logged in using your Facebook account (if you have one) without asking you first . The lack of explicit consent for linking accounts on two different web sites together is the privacy violation. Once you know about this you can turn off that feature in your Facebook settings. More here: http://www.wired.com/epicenter/2010/09/scribd-facebook-insta... Actually, there are third-party services that have made a business of collecting locations of Wi-Fi routers and I believe Google subscribes to them. On the other hand, how often would a customer care whether a salesperson switched jobs? Is it really the case that the only thing keeping a customer in a business relationship is that they like the salesperson? If the product and the rest of the relationship is still solid, I'd hope they'd be stickier than that. The teacher is oddly missing in your scenario. It's a pretty bizarre claim. How can anyone credibly claim that the housing bubble had anything to do with science ? But I can see why the Wall Street Journal editors like this guy. This is an appropriate working style for dealing with legacy code. The key is to be able to switch gears when you're writing new code that doesn't integrate so heavily and you aren't so constrained (more typical in a startup). Different environments require different working styles. This applies to numbers in JSON as well: if one end is JavaScript then you can't assume large integers will survive a round-trip. (GWT emulates longs.) I think a new language could win by being more portable. A compiler that targets Intel and ARM is no longer interesting. But a nice language with a compiler that can create libraries usable in JavaScript apps, iPhone apps, Android apps, and App Engine apps would be very interesting. Anarchy is fun and all, but it also might be amusing to combine it with a "like" button and reputation. You can buy a developer phone. However, I'm not sure you can get one for any carrier. Android is the only mainstream OS I know that does better than this. Are there any others? http://code.google.com/p/testgal/ It's pretty clear he has a few misconceptions about economics. First of all, maximum efficiency happens when people are out of work. So, however inefficient a government job might be, so long as something gets accomplished, it's less inefficient than one alternative. In times of low unemployment, we might say that government inefficiency is the problem since it crowds out private investment, but currently there is a worse problem. Unless you're competing with the government to hire people (and how many companies do that?), you don't lose anything when the government puts people to work. Yeah, but they're spending tax dollars, right? Well, the only reason the government has to collect taxes is to prevent inflation. It's not because they need the money (the Fed can always create more money). It's to offset the inflation caused by government spending. (This is quite similar to a MMORPG where you need to control the sources and sinks.) We can talk about better ways to drain the system that would provide for better incentives and more interesting economic activity, but there have to be sinks somewhere , or money loses its value. A few things wrong with that: - Since inflation is so low, the government doesn't actually have to raise taxes. (This is the part people don't seem to get - taxes are to prevent inflation, so when there's no inflation, there's no reason for a tax increase.) - Currently, money is not the limiting factor for investment. Savings are up, investment is down, and money can be borrowed at very low interest rates. If investors wanted to invest more, they could, but they aren't. Your example is the same (economically) as paying one person $50k and giving away $50k to someone else. Capacity is standing idle due to lack of demand. It's the sort of thing that makes economists joke about burying cash in mines for people to dig up (Keynes) or dropping money from helicopters (Bernanke). Of course, it all changes if the economy picks up again. Only if they would have been employed otherwise - not especially likely in this economy. Also, most government jobs are lower paid than private industry. If people are declining your job offers to go work for the government, that suggests something's wrong with your business, not with government. 1) Well that's true, but we were talking about competition for workers, not customers. Most government services don't compete with businesses for customers. The few exceptions show that private industry does successfully compete with government (Fed Ex and UPS versus U.S. Post Office.) 2) Maybe they could, but in practice, most government jobs don't pay high salaries. You're much more likely to be outbid by another private company. It's a question about how a balanced budget amendment should work (if we had one). Balancing the budget every year would be a worse idea than requiring it to balanced over several years. In most cases, the signaling works the opposite way. If the authors of a website can't be bothered to make it work well in current browsers (which shouldn't be that hard, just don't do anything fancy), people assume either that they're amateurs or they're targeting a specialized audience, most likely the former. Requiring a specific browser is a form of playing hard-to-get. That's also a form of signaling, but it doesn't work by itself. You need some other way of convincing people that it's worth jumping the hurdle. The next step: Snopesbot. Emotions seem to be essential to decision-making. People with brain injuries preventing them from having emotions find many things impossible to decide. [1] But however much we rely on emotions and intuition in our own thinking, they're not easy to communicate, especially to skeptics. Those of us with a scientific and skeptical mindset try not to accept irrational arguments from other people. [2] So, in some sense, an idea without a rational justification isn't worth very much (yet), because you can't convince most people that it's correct. But it still might have a lot of potential! And if we're talking about hacking then there are other forms of persuasion (code and demos). [1] http://changingminds.org/explanations/emotions/emotion_decis... [2] This is especially true of mathematics where rational arguments (that is, proofs) are valued far above any other kind of argument. I wrote something vaguely similar, but it relies on App Engine: http://midiserver.appspot.com/ https://github.com/skybrian/Midi-Server Agreed that this stuff is way too nonportable. JavaScript lacks 64-bit integers and binary data, just for starters. You can emulate these things (GWT does) but not efficiently. Byte code isn't necessarily the solution though. It might be a good idea to add these types directly to JavaScript, so they're usable both directly and as an object language. Hmm, I suppose one way to go would be to require students to use a version-controlled word processor for their writing, and submit the version history. It could still be faked, but the difficulty of creating a good fake would make the economics less favorable. If it's badly faked, then the version history would provide evidence that's more likely to hold up than a teacher's suspicion about the student's writing. It's sad to see fast fiber optics (and the expertise that goes into building and running it) wasted on gaming the system in this way when a change in the rules would remove the loophole giving people incentive to do it. It's an opportunity for a business that can somehow put non-highly-skilled people to work and make a profit doing it. But startups don't usually think that way. Everyone wants to work at a place that sets a high bar for hiring. You're assuming the conclusion, that continuous buying and selling is the only possible way to run a market. But another way to run it would be to have an auction every five minutes. That way there are more buyers and sellers to match up, so it's more likely that everyone gets a fair price. And don't talk to me about liquidity - nobody really needs to trade that quickly. EBS probably wouldn't lose those customers if there were a government regulation about it. Or are they going overseas? I'd like to read more about those attempts, if you have some pointers. Randomized entries would be obviously fake. To be a convincing fake, they have to make sure it doesn't conflict with the student's work schedule, class schedule, and so on. That means deciding when the student was supposed to have been writing the paper, which requires quite a bit more coordination and drives up the cost. It's over-hyped as usual, but this looks like it could evolve into a handy way of generating snippets of working code that you can then modify. Think of it as an alternative to doing a Google search for a useful example to start from, or a better kind of Rails scaffolding. It may seem odd, but when providing a service to the general public, your users are also suspected attackers - in effect, you're protecting your customers from each other. Treating your customers well without trusting them is an interesting problem to solve, whether for airlines or for web apps. I'm guessing that the guy in the leather pants probably got the idea from reading about Godel numbering. If you're interested in this, you might like this book: http://www.amazon.com/Godels-Proof-Ernest-Nagel/dp/081475816... It's more active than that. A trait that enhances reproduction and reduces longevity will be selected for, so whenever there are engineering tradeoffs between reproduction and longevity, evolution will select in favor of reproduction. It's a mistake in Java too. It's often convenient to simply skip implementing equals() and hashCode() because you don't plan to use an object as the key to a map. In that case, attempting to use it as a key should fail to compile, so you know you need to go back and add it. The Comparable interface shows how it should be done. (But on the other hand, if you were starting over it would be better to learn from Go's interfaces.) I wonder how he knows what they're downgrading him for? Most interview processes don't give the candidate any feedback - just "hire" or "no hire". From the other side, I certainly don't expect perfect code on a whiteboard, especially if they're typical mistakes that even experienced coders sometimes make. Or maybe add multiprocessing? In Chrome it uses less than 1/6 of the available CPU's on this machine. I think there's a good argument that an enlightened media company would find it in its long-term interest to fight for the first amendment. Establishing the legal right to publish possibly controversial content allows them to do business without operating under a legal cloud. However, based on Amazon's message [1] they don't seem to consider this a good test case. [1] http://aws.amazon.com/message/65348/ Why post this now? If it actually happens tomorrow, post it then. Posting speculative links about things that might happen in a few days is noisy, even if newspapers are doing the speculation. Being first with the news isn't that important. The key is being nice to your users without trusting them at all (since they could be bad guys). A neat trick if you can manage it. The airports are doing spectacularly badly at it. For printing, this is a start: http://code.google.com/apis/cloudprint/ Older documentation might actually be a disadvantage. Older tutorials often tell you out-of-date ways to do things, and do it in a not-so-hip way. I'm sure some are, but it's not mainstream. For example, the Django team hasn't started porting to Python 3 yet. For now, you can ignore Python 3. It seems like formerly popular but effectively dead languages tend to be most popular with sysadmins. (It explains bash, sed, and awk, at least.) So I'm not sure that being popular with sysadmins is really what the folks who want to revive Perl are going for? Yes, there's particular style of code called "self-documenting." It's a good style and I recommend that everyone learn it. However, it doesn't do everything. It's good at explaining what happens and how it happens but not why. Comments are for explaining why . Without knowing the original programmer's intention, I'm still mystified. I'd guess he or she was taking notes. I don't know how it works with Facebook, but sometimes the interviewer has to write up the results for the hiring committee, and just saying "hire" or "don't hire" isn't enough - you have to justify your answer. Well, sort of. Most projects at Google have headcount budgets that they can't go over without management approval. But even if you have the headcount, you still need to find people. That's sufficient for some kinds of testing. It's not sufficient for performance testing or testing for changes in user behavior. There are cubes, but shared offices are also common at Google. Not many private offices, though. While it's true that anonymous inner classes implement a form of closures, among the folks talking about the next version of Java, "closures" has become the shorthand for the various proposals to improve the syntax for callbacks and/or add true anonymous functions. It's all imperative code. Would someone who really knew Haskell write it differently? I haven't used contracts, but I think if you have more assertions in your code then you need fewer assertions in your tests. But you still need to exercise the code with about the same number of tests, or your testing won't find the bugs. Do you consider getting an upgraded implant someday, or is that not practical? After playing with it a bit, I'm guessing it would be most useful for image galleries that contain a lot of irregularly sized images and you want to fit a lot of them on the screen. Or something like Google Image Search. With Android apps (and iPhone I presume), it seems that you pay once and automatically get any available updates. I'd guess that would work reasonably well for small utilities, so long as they continue to get new customers. I don't know whether this has changed, but years ago when I worked there, the music analyst jobs required that you already know some music theory. (The training is to learn their system.) It's a good day job for musicians. I don't understand the economics. It sounds like you're saying that there's no place in the world for a fully trained (though perhaps less ambitious than before) scientist, so it's better to start from scratch with someone new, who presumably will take many years of training to get up to speed. I don't see how we can afford such a wasteful system? It hardly seems wrong to judge a protocol by the client software when there is only one client worth mentioning? Do you know what you'll be doing? If not (which is common at Google), you might want to push back on that, to make sure you'll like your first job there. It's likely they'll say that it's something they don't normally do. This may be because they haven't decided yet , and the system isn't set it up to support it. So make it clear that you're on the fence and want to talk to the team you'll be joining, and you can wait while they figure it out. This all depends. Some people are ambitious and work long hours, and others (often with families) have more regular schedules. There's a lot of talk about work-life balance. If you know what's important to you, you can probably get it. I wonder if anyone has tried this: suppose that to make page transitions faster, you strip out everything from each page other than the data itself? The page should just contain the main content (which would have to be fetched via AJAX anyway), and JavaScript can fill in things like sidebars and navigation. What about git repack? If you want the same algorithm to work everywhere, you can't write the library in C. It will have to be written in some intermediate language with generators for all common scripting languages. The closest thing I know of that's widely used is the generators for proto buffers. We need something like proto buffers for algorithms. Ben Laurie has started on this: http://www.links.org/?p=864 Look under "Cache Settings" in Maps. There's a checkbox for "Prefetch on Mobile". If it's off and you're not using Maps while on Wi-Fi then I wouldn't expect much caching to happen. You can also see how much data Maps has cached. I don't have a data plan and I find caching works well on my Nexus One when I ask for directions before leaving the house. I haven't tried it on a long road trip though. For comparison, the cache size on my phone is 37M now. He wouldn't get any support calls because it would be very hard to get a paying customer to use a Java API like this. In particular, TakenBack.fold() isn't idiomatic Java. In other words, he's basically defined the question so that only people who think like him can answer it. And yet, this isn't the only way to write a tic tac toe solver. Kalid got this one, but I'll put in a plug for my alternate explanation: https://docs.google.com/present/edit?id=0AR9d_8p4dUK2ZGdiZno... Here's the best article I've seen about how to donate: http://blog.givewell.org/2011/03/11/japan-earthquaketsunami-... "At this point we strongly recommend holding off on giving to this relief/recovery effort. We believe that money isn’t a cure-all, and that there can be such a thing as an 'overfunded' relief effort even in a devastating disaster. We don’t know yet whether that is the case with Japan, but we believe that the next few days will bring valuable information about it (and we will be providing updates in this space). We also believe that waiting a few days will not diminish the impact of your donations." I don't think any cameras would survive in there. They're inferring what's going on based on sensor readings. My understanding is that new heat continually gets added because the nuclear byproducts decay. It's exponential decay with a long half-life. I hadn't thought of this, but it makes sense, considering that normally the cooling rods are kept in ponds for years after being removed from the reactor. Things get worse as the temperature goes up. Instead of the rods starting to melt, eventually the fuel could melt. (Also, there's no chance of it going back online after getting flooded with seawater.) They were hydrogen explosions, not nuclear explosions. This is the sort of language feature that looks very neat at first, but there are simpler ways to solve the same problems. If you want to search a space by trying all possibilities ("generate and test"), the most straightforward way is a nested for loop with an if statement. The advantage of using nested for loops is that it's pretty clear that there's a performance problem and most programmers will have a good idea what to do about it. (Perhaps change the order of the loops, do checks in the outer loops to avoid running the inner loops, and so on. For larger problems, figure out how to parallelize.) Of course, a for loop isn't very modular, so something like Python's generator expressions might be more suitable for building pipelines. In Java, this can be done with iterators and some good iterator utility methods, such as those in Guava. Perhaps this is a case of a bandwidth cap that's working as intended? If people figure out where they're wasting bandwidth and fix it, that's more bandwidth for everyone else. Without any incentives, who knows how long it would have taken? You're disagreeing with the implications of this story (and I agree that it was a special time for Facebook apps), but are the facts wrong? I'm wondering how much to discount it. If about:gpu shows that your video card is blacklisted, you might try starting Chrome from the command line with --ignore-gpu-blacklist to see if it still works. Except that this is actually news, and some of us are interested in ongoing developments in Fukushima. It's one of the bigger engineering stories going on right now, after all. You don't have to read the comments or argue about nuclear power to be interested. Perhaps the thing to do is declare victory and stop changing the API. If the jQuery core didn't change for a few years, would anyone really mind? (Performance and compatibility improvements are always welcome, though.) Bad example. You're not going to find someone stoked about catfood, but I think you could easily find someone who loves their cat and cares about nutrition. People who love animals aren't hard to find. Please do write this up! I'm sure someone on the Chrome team will want to know. Unfortunately this can too easily devolve into proof by lack of imagination. Properly weighing the risks requires a certain amount of paranoia. When the person who's doing the security review cares about what the outcome is, they won't be imaginative enough when thinking about how the data might be misused. You almost need an adversarial system. Are there really startups that can't afford $9 per month? If you're serious about charity, you should be reading http://www.givewell.org/ The real question is why more companies don't follow Google's lead and use an auction for their IPO. That lets anyone buy if they want to and lets the market decide the price. This is what links are for. An evergreen article can be promoted by a tweet or a more recent post that puts it into context and explains why it's relevant today. History needs historians to direct people to it. How recently? Google Docs has gotten faster at syncing in the last year or so. Yes, many plans to do charity work are half-baked. But I'm actually pretty pleased with this story since they're publishing their failures rather than sweeping it under the rug. Market incentives aren't really there to reward charities for being really effective; most charities raise money by telling a good story. Few people dig deeper because digging deeper is hard. As far as I know, http://givewell.org/ is the best thing out there when it comes to evaluating charities. Also, I highly recommend reading Poor Economics , a book that just came out that describes some more solid research using randomized trials. I wonder if anyone has tried slowing down some posts - sort of like a "hellban," except that the user's comments do show up for others after a few hours, making back-and-forth arguments less likely. In GMail, you can mute a discussion using the "m" key. (There is also a GMail labs feature that makes it work a bit better.) Also, within a thread, new messages are posted at the bottom. Pair programming done right has some pretty effective counters to this: * Time passes much more quickly when you have an audience you want to impress. * You're less likely to waste time surfing the web when you're working with someone. * If your pair thinks you're drifting off, they can say "how about you drive for a while." Of course it's easily defeated if both people decide to slack. No. Even with the Internet, stable currencies still have unique advantages. Stable assets are more useful for writing long-term contracts. People who are trying to avoid risk (rather than pursue it) will want to write contract terms that have future payments in a stable currency rather than in some more volatile asset like gold or stock. For example, if you wrote a contract where one person does the work and the other one pays in gold in five years, how do you know whether it's fair or not? Would you be willing to take either side of the bet? It's all going to depend on where you think gold will be, and if opinions differ on that then it makes contracts that much harder to write. Of course there is inflation risk with any currency, but usually it's at least possible to estimate it and make allowances for it when setting a future price. It's a matter of degree and Bitcoin isn't even close to being stable. Both upside and downside risk are a problem, for opposite sides of any deal. There's also little reason to think that broader adoption will make it more stable. Supply is fixed, but demand could go either way, depending on greed and fear. For a stable currency, you need a stable demand that can withstand (at least to some extent) big swings in popular sentiment. Over the long term, lots of assets are better investments than cash. That's not what I'm getting at. If I go to the store and prices are in dollars and not Bitcoins, or if loan payments can't reasonably be priced in Bitcoins, they aren't performing one of the primary functions of money. Put it this way: people are excited because the price of Bitcoins in dollars is going up. If things were priced in Bitcoins then it wouldn't make any difference - the prices would still be the same (in Bitcoins). Google Maps on Android has some offline caching now, so sometimes it does work. (Though as well as if it had the whole database.) This article is using "GUID" in an unusual way (for the general concept rather than the specific format). I think that's likely to confuse people. Better to be more precise: Git uses a sha1 hash as a unique id. Sure, it's the reverse of goroutines, which allow you to do easy asynchronous programming using synchronous code. You can turn it off in search settings. (Under the gear.) It's reasonable and it tells you something about the organization's values, but it only goes so far. Overhead costs are a poor way to judge a charity's effectiveness. More: http://blog.givewell.org/2009/12/01/the-worst-way-to-pick-a-... That's true as far as it goes, but this gets very tricky to analyze, because if you don't buy the used car, someone else will. If you do buy it, what would the other buyer have done instead? (Bought a new car? Kept running their old car?) Assuming it's not a gross polluter, keeping a car on the road longer than it would have been otherwise is probably a win, since that extends the average lifetime of the fleet and reduces demand for new cars. But that has more to do with good maintenance over the life of the car, rather than what transactions happened along the way. You're dreaming if you think a data center outage can't happen at any reasonably-priced data center. It doesn't matter what they promised or what high tech equipment they have. It happens at Google and at Amazon and it will happen to you too, eventually. You're picking some bad examples for future growth. Instead, look at the problems people really want to solve. I'd pick health care as something that's just going to keep growing. As long as people have health problems, there will be a market for attempts at solutions. As the rest of life becomes more affordable, more money can be spent on this. Well okay, in the really long run, perhaps health care will someday be a solved problem. But that's not going to happen without lots of market growth and investment in the meantime. The author may have some good points, but this essay is so poorly organized that it's hard to tell what they are or put them into proper perspective. It's mostly a good argument for teaching essay-writing in school. The author may have some good points, but this essay is so poorly organized that it's hard to tell what they are or put them into proper perspective. It's mostly a good argument for teaching essay-writing in school. There must be a corrolary to Godwin's law that says any financial system will eventually be compared to a giant Ponzi scheme. New metaphor, please! More work always needs to be done, but you might be getting a skewed view of things by looking at problem articles. What happens if you pick a random sample of articles weighted by how many page views they get? That's closer to what the average reader sees. The article says he worked on Circles. Someone seems to have generalized that to give him credit for every new design that Google is launching. Nice idea, but surely you can't introduce a new cross-site communications protocol without discussing the security implications? Some people will play to lose. There are fundamental problems that aren't even close to being solved. Health care is the most obvious one. Efficiency in one area should (in theory) allow us to spend more on unsolved problems. Of course, that can only lead to employment to the extent that someone is willing to spend. There are two things I've tried that work: - programming the router to block all traffic when it's time to go to bed. - installing Chrome nanny and blocking social sites in the morning. I can disable them, but it takes enough effort that I don't. (And I remember that I don't want to.) These aren't full solutions, but I go to bed earlier and start work earlier. I've never bought the liquidity argument. Ordinary investors don't need to buy and sell at any time. They'd be happy buying and selling once a day (as with mutual funds). What if the market consisted of a deep daily or hourly auction with lots of buyers and sellers matched up to discover a fair price? How is the current system better than that? There are people who talk a good game but can't actually code. Or so I've heard. Perhaps you're overconfident about being able to judge other programmers without actually asking them to write some code? How would you know? How do you explain fizzbuzz? [1] [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... If it's accidental, all the more reason to study it. re: "when one molecule in a plant acts as a poison, then generally there will be some other molecule in the plant to counteract that poison" How does that happen? From an evolutionary point of view, it seems a bit unlikely. Unless it's part of the plant's reproductive strategy, a plant's goal is usually not to be eaten. (However, animals often evolve to counteract plants' defenses.) When someone you don't know adds you to one of their circles, that just means they found your public posts interesting. It doesn't mean they want to be your friend. They're just following you, like on Twitter. Nice idea, but sadly, it's a series of videos. I'd expect good web designers to be able to express themselves well using text on web pages. SQL support is in progress: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/google-appengine/l0D... A smart phone has a camera (possibly two), a microphone, a display, speakers, and WiFi. I'm thinking it would make it quite fun to drive remotely, perhaps on a table top for video conferencing. It sounds pretty neat, but how could all this intimidating-looking type theory this be made useful for ordinary programmers who don't know what a monad is? It would be more interesting to compare it to goroutines, which are much cheaper than threads. Maybe it's better with more experience or when you're reading your own code, but I find that reading a Haskell program is often like reading a math paper - you can't skim it; you have to slow way down and study it, one line at a time, and look up the definition of each term as you go and think about what it means, and try out simple examples. And sometimes you don't have the background to understand the underlying concepts, so you have to study a prerequisite first. So I think to like Haskell, you have to truly believe that more abstraction is better. It's very much a mathematician's language. The thing is, when writing code, I don't want to write a math paper. When I'm done, I want it to be as smooth and easy to read and as obvious as an article in the New Yorker. I'd say it's more like struggling to understand pointers: there's plenty of evidence that beginners struggle with it (e.g. all the monad tutorials), and if you're surprised by that then I'd guess you haven't done much teaching or interviewing. (One of my favorite interview questions requires people to understand escape sequences in a slightly more abstract way than usual, and you'd be surprised.) In general I find that people do better with concrete examples and struggle with abstract rules. It's not at all obvious to a JavaScript programmer (for example) that asynchronous calls have anything to do with monads, and the designers of mainstream languages have to be very aware of their audience. So, my question is how extending the type system might be turned into a concrete feature in a "mainstream" language. It's not too often that we need to prove things about red-black trees. If I learn Haskell well and start writing code that's idiomatic for that audience, I'm limiting my audience to the few people who also know Haskell (and the particular Haskell idioms I'm using). It's like writing in Esperanto instead of English. My ideal is more along the lines of the Python examples that Peter Norvig writes, which can be understood by pretty much any programmer, even if they're not all that fluent in Python. There are exceptions. But for software engineers who contribute to Google's (non-open source) code base, Google pretty much got out of using contractors around 2008 or so. Some contractors became employees. http://news.cnet.com/8301-1023_3-10107141-93.html Besides working conditions, there's also the question of whether your work (and the company you work for) makes the world a better place. I'm not naive about that - large companies have their own agendas. But someone working at a silicon valley firm still has a better chance of doing something meaningful than someone working at a hedge fund where the answer is pretty much "no" by the nature of the business. Even if they're funny, posts that consist only of a joke generally aren't allowed. They'd be more appropriate for Reddit. Hacker News posts are supposed to have some substance to them. (You're seeing fluctuations because not everyone knows this.) A couple ideas: (1) do what you can to make sure the outcome is in doubt until near the end, and (2) arrange so that the person "in the lead" changes often. Only one person can win, but a lot of people can feel like they were close to winning. All that is true, but there's a simpler fix. If they're not reusing each others' questions then it should be significantly harder. Nobody should be using "reverse a linked list" anymore - that's a really old one. I'm sure it's a fine video, but I prefer transcripts since it doesn't require me to get out my headphones. So I'm glad he did it. Do you make ultimatums when you talk to your friends? If so, do you have any friends? Actually, ultimatums are a great way to get people to flip the bozo bit and stop listening to you. By attempting to use force, you imply that the listener won't listen to reason, without having even tried. They are different situations. Here we're talking about an author who presumably has had a good relationship with a publisher for years, versus a situation like GoDaddy where customer relationships are almost entirely impersonal (and automated). Despite the metaphors we use sometimes, businesses are not entirely machines. Writing a letter in the first place implies you're attempting to reach a human being who can do something about it. With GoDaddy, writing letters barely even makes sense. They presumably changed because people actually started moving their domains, not because they wrote letters threatening to do so. Accreditation is a barrier to entry, but it's not insurmountable. The supply can still go up, particularly if prices are expected to rise. Also, there may be structural reasons why it can't work for everyone. I imagine that if everyone studied harder, the score needed to go to college would go up. We're often reminded of this. There are some subjects you have to stay away from, but you can still rant. You're making it more complicated than it needs to be. When you're valuing a perk, the cost to the company should be ignored entirely. Any perk should be valued at what it's worth to you based on how often you'll use it, not what it costs the company. You should definitely ask questions to see if there are reasons you wouldn't use it, but attempting to put that in the contract isn't going to work. There's no way a big company is going to complicate their facilities planning by making separate agreements with employees. Better to just assume it won't last forever. Personally, not having to either cook or shop for dinner if I don't feel like it is worth quite a bit to me. To someone who goes home and eats with their family, it's not worth as much. I'm not going to put a dollar amount on it because I think that's just adding false precision to the calculation. By the way, studies show that people often don't value the right things when they do a detailed calculation. For example, a short commute is more valuable (in terms of happiness) than an extra bedroom on the house, but many people will take the longer commute if they overthink it. [1] [1] http://www.mnn.com/health/fitness-well-being/blogs/happiness... Have you tried verbatim search? In the left column of the search results page, click "more search tools", then "verbatim". 60%, presumably. One workaround would be to create a Page for each topic and let people subscribe to each one. It avoids accidents. With plain text data, there is a lot of room for accidentally leaking private data (for example, to server logs). Building a sha1 dictionary isn't something you do by accident. Google Maps, GMail, Calendar, YouTube, Google+, and a bunch more. Why do you rule out "stock" apps? Well-designed large apps actually are divided up into smaller components - there'd be no way to maintain them otherwise. However, it doesn't help as much as you'd think. If it's a layered architecture, sometimes adding new feature means you have to modify code in every layer. And dividing code up into libraries doesn't help build times when you need to modify a base library that everything uses. If you have trouble imagining this, pretend that every dependency you use is actually part of your code base, and sometimes you have to modify them because they're not completely baked. If you have non-trivial functionality, you are certainly using way more than 100k LOC. You have the dependency graph wrong. There's a script that uses both wc and grep and it depends on both of them. At the lowest level they are just streams of characters, but that doesn't mean anything. If you change the output format of wc or grep in any significant way then you will break every script that depends on them. Which is impossible, and that's why Unix commmands don't change. (Unless it's a new flag or something like that.) In a well-designed system where the interfaces between components isn't actually public, you can change the API by finding all the usages and fixing them. And frequently you have to do so because the API is not a frozen standard - it's still being worked on. Well sure, and if we wrote programs that have no bugs then we'd never have to debug them. Your position is seriously naive. Getting an API right the first time is hard. For example, most languages get date libraries wrong the first time (for example, see Java and Python), even with a lot of design effort up front. And most library designers are not that good, especially when they're only part-time library designers whose main concern is writing an app. I got a fairly advanced hearing aid recently and originally thought they might be useful for listening to music too, like a good pair of headphones. This turns out not to be the case. Hearing aids don't have any bass. When listening to music, the best thing I've found is to use a regular speaker system along with hearing aids that allow some sound to go through them (the earpiece should have a reasonably large vent hole, rather than acting more like an earplug). Also, the DSP algorithms are tuned for speech so I got mine programmed with a "music mode", which turns most of that off for listening to music. There are other limitations - the hearing aids don't support bluetooth directly (the antennas are too weak). Instead you have to use a streamer where the antenna is built into the lanyard that goes around your neck, and the quality is suitable for voice only. Since I don't make phone calls much, bluetooth support turned out not to be worth the trouble. Don't get me wrong - the tech is pretty interesting, and I'd love to be able to program the DSP. But you need to know about the limitations when extrapolating. This is great as a work of fiction that vividly gets across the issues. In practice, I would expect companies that are legally on the ball to work around it somehow. I'm not a lawyer or an HR person, but the obvious answer is to outsource background checks to an outside firm that only includes legally permissible information in a written report to the hiring committee. (Don't they do that already for background checks?) The reason you'd want an HR person would be to keep the company from accidentally doing illegal stuff like what happens in this story. Startups can get away with it because they're small with few assets and their legal risks around hiring are smallish compared to their many other risks. As companies get larger, statistically rare events become more likely and at the same time they have more to lose. So I'd say no, it's not possible in a large company to get by without HR, but there's still a lot of ways to improve the process. This is all very nice, except that users often do want to work on individual records (at least when updating them). Codd's simplifying assumption is for mathematicians, not users. That's language-specific advice. Go handles this much more elegantly. You can create a Celsius type very simply: type Celsius float64 // Temperature in degrees Celsius It's no harder to use than 'typedef' in C and similarly it doesn't get in your way, but you get a real type and nice errors when you screw up. There's no reason not to do it right away. Another way to think of it: democracy is a way to convince the losing side in a political dispute to back down (at least temporarily). This has benefits whether or not the decision was right when the drawbacks of escalating a dispute (rebellion, civil war, etc) outweigh the original issue. But make sure you do something about stiffness rather than just screwing it into the wall's studs. We got something similar to Lexan and it works, but it ripples a bit when you draw - not enough attachment points. (Also, not magentic, if you care.) As I understand it, when an email address on Facebook gets synced to a phone, that's just a cache. Any updates to the email address on Facebook automatically update the cache. When friends update their email addresses, the cache gets overwritten and you don't have their old addresses anymore. But now, Facebook changed people's email addresses without their permission. The cache gets updated, and boom, the old address is gone. But what makes it more scary is that people don't actually remember that they originally got the address from Facebook and they don't understand the caching behavior. All they know is that the old address is gone. So they think that email addresses that they didn't get from Facebook are also at risk. The workaround is to manually copy email addresses from Facebook to some other system. Any email addresses you get from Facebook by automatically syncing aren't safe. It's a pity; after all, most of the point of the system is that you shouldn't have to manually update your address book when your friends change their contact info. Cite? I've never heard of anyone becoming rich because their research was funded. That's not much of an argument. It's not very easy to mug someone from Nigeria. Eliminating a remote attack is a big deal. Of course, the sheer number of certs given out guarantees that some bad guys will be able to get one using fake id. But the point is to make malware rare and easier to investigate, not to eliminate it completely. This is all nonsense anyway. There's no such thing as a TwitterUser or an EmailUser. You just have users, some of whom use Twitter, some use email (and may have multiple addresses), and some use both, and they can edit their settings to add and remove accounts and change notification preferences. So it's really has-a rather than is-a. Adding unnecessary inheritance is far worse than the original problem. It's a poor example of a reasonable technique. Reusing branch points is great. Adding an expensive branch point (inheritance to the User class) to replace a cheap one (if statement) is not a win, particularly when it screws up the model. Edit: to clarify, by "expensive" I mean expensive in terms of human hours to understand the code, not computer performance. Class hierarchies are much harder to understand than if statements. (Edited original post to clarify that I was not talking about performance.) If the inheritance already exists and make sense, adding another overridden method may be a win. The thing I'm arguing against is introducing a new class hierarchy to remove an if statement. Inheritance is a big gun and you shouldn't use it unless it significantly cleans up the code. In this particular case, extending User to get TwitterUser is a particularly bad example because it's adding an is-a relationship when has-a is better. After all, users may have both twitter accounts and email addresses, and these can change dynamically (they can edit their notification settings). Unthinking use of inheritance is far worse than extra if statements. I think it's a fun problem and the main reason I wouldn't ask it is that it's probably on the banned interview questions list by now (for being too well-known). An interview isn't a written exam. You don't lose points for bringing up real-world considerations - quite the contrary! But the interviewer might ask you to solve the math problem anyway (perhaps by modifying the question a bit, on the fly). I haven't seen a GUI written in Go yet, but the basic idea is that you don't customize via inheritance; you do it in a different way. For example, in many UI libraries, you can create a function and ask a widget to call you when you receive an event; the widget will have methods like: addClickHandler(myFunction) Any customization you could do with inheritance could be done with a callback function instead, provided that the object has the hook you want. In Go, there is also an "interface" which is basically a set of methods. Sum types are conceptually cleaner but it's unclear to me how they would help with analysis for this case. I don't know about formally, but informally, it's easy to determine by inspecting the code that a function returns either a value or an error, even it's written as a tuple. It's also easy to determine whether the call sites are handling errors correctly. "There is no reason for any new language to lack X" is false for all X. Languages differ in their goals, and there's no feature that all languages have to have. Even basic features like assignment can be questioned. If the function returns a useful value and an error then you'll have to assign to error to "_" to ignore it, which is a pretty big hint to the reviewer that it's being suppressed. So in cases where you want to "force" error checking, returning multiple values is probably good enough. The notion that business logic doesn't belong in the client is wrong because you need it when working offline. And sharing UI code is a pipe dream if you want native look and feel. (If you have a custom UI anyway like in a game, it's more feasible.) A more realistic goal is port the business logic, networking code, storage, and so on, and rewrite the UI code for each platform. In my experience, programmers who try to "think generically" tend to write overly abstract code that just gets them into trouble and leaves a mess for the next programmer. So maybe knowing category theory makes you a worse programmer? It seems like this question would be more convincingly answered by showing how a practical program can be improved by knowing some category theory. I'll agree that if you have an important invariant then it's nice if the compiler can check it. But the question to ask is: where did these constraints come from? How do you know they're true? What if they change? If they're business requirements: can you undo them if the business changes? If they're environmental constraints: do you really know mobile phones or browsers or the server OS that well, and what do you do when a new version of the environment comes out and invalidates your assumptions? Generally speaking, it seems better to take our inspiration from scientists doing empirical work, rather than from mathematicians. Use tests to figure out how the code you depend on really behaves, not how you wish it would behave. Copying is faster if the memory to be collected is mostly garbage. You only copy the good stuff and don't even look at the garbage. Many programs (particularly in scripting languages) allocate memory but only use it for a short time, so they create lots of garbage. Often this is combined with generational garbage collection - new objects live for a short time in a temporary area, and then if they are still in use (not garbage), they get copied to longer-term storage. I'm not sure what role the word "fair" plays in this argument. Why is it unfair to learn from a predecessor's mistakes or take advantage of progress since then? What matters is actual results. But even if you want to grade on a curve, there's something to be said for appropriate use of what you have. It's easy to argue that the Space Shuttle was not a good design, even given 1970's technology, due to political constraints. I suppose you could ask, "given both political and technical constraints that NASA was operating under, was it a good design?" but I'm not sure what the goal would be of that question. Is anyone blaming individual engineers for management problems? Yes, of course Wikipedia is often bureaucratic, inefficient, and self-destructive. I wouldn't recommend putting a lot of time into it. But sometimes it's pretty efficient: some edits are simply accepted. Of course it doesn't solve everything, but it raises the bar. Social engineering is an active attack that doesn't scale like phishing; the support folks at the organization will catch on a whole lot quicker than their users. You'll like the Chromebook solution then. Flip a hardware switch and you can boot whatever you like. This is a nice explanation about how category theory relates to programming, but it doesn't explain how mathematical rigor helps us in this area. Making a rough analogy with function composition and unix pipes seems sufficient to get the point across to most programmers. I suppose you could actually write generic code that works with more than one category but that seems like unnecessary and unhelpful abstraction, compared to just writing the code twice in more concrete terms. This sounds promising, but it's far too abstract to be convincing. Can you give a example of a useful program where you need to do any of these things? Thanks, but that's far too much to take in at once. How about just one simple example? I did skim through them, so to be specific: hakyll, Pandoc, warp, and scotty are what I'd call practical programs, though they approximate more popular programs written in other languages, so there's the question of why someone who wasn't already a Haskell programmer should choose them. Pipes, conduits, and most of the stuff by Kmett appear to be libraries implementing other abstractions that themselves would have be justified by use in a practical program. Okay, let's define "practical programming" as creating programs that will be of use to someone who doesn't know the programming language that the program was written in. So in this case, this means writing Haskell programs that will be used by people who don't know Haskell. This isn't the only reason to write a program of course. You can do it just for fun or to explore the mathematics. But I'm mostly interested in abstractions that might be useful for solving problems outside mathematics. Yes, it's possible someone might not be able to learn it but I believe this is rare. If you can recognize common tunes from the melody alone, you almost certainly hear well enough to recognize intervals; it's just a matter of practice. Okay, sure, resource management is what I'd call a practical problem, and pipelines are familiar from Unix (and Go). It looks like this pipe library has a nice practical example: enforcing the category laws means that it handles terminating pipelines consistently: http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/archive/pipes/1.0.1/doc/... Huh, I've heard that attributed to Bill Gates, but Neil Armstrong said it in 1969. I wonder if he got it from someone else? What does "Google Drive revision control" mean in this case? Even without auditing it or with just a cursory audit, mirroring third-party code makes a difference. If you copy the code then you have a complete history of code changes in your own source control, which should make shenanigans unlikely since it's easily proven. That's quite a bit different than using a live third-party URL, since the third party (or an attacker) could selectively replace it for some targets and you'd never know. So yes, it's a good idea to always check any third-party code you use into your own source control system. I would hope everyone does that. It's more like adding a safety that actually works (unlike clickthrough warnings). If you know what you're doing, you can do a search and learn how to drag and drop. Anyone who needs handholding for this shouldn't be doing it. It's not all low-hanging fruit. The easiest way to pull in lots of code is make a library call. Libraries can depend on other libraries and how much gets optimized away is difficult to predict. Without good dashboards for watching the codebase and its effect on runtimes, it's easy to pull in too much. Profilers and other performance tools allow people to make rational decisions about when to cut back, rather than groping around in the dark. For the most part it's designed to be easy to compile to JavaScript, but there are bizarre exceptions like support for arbitrary precision integers. (I believe this is ignored by the Dart to JS compiler.) I think it still works with zooming because the scale is so extreme that it leaves you wondering whether a tiny smudge is worth zooming in on. And once you zoom in far enough to read the text, the surrounding objects look as big as they're meant to be. This article is quite thought-provoking. However, I disagree with the notion that there's something wrong with "unlabeled" programs outside a learning environment. To learn a language, you need to associate unfamiliar words with concepts. A text written in French isn't broken because the words aren't all labelled with their English translations, much as that might be a nice UI for people learning the language. Nor do you think in a language by translating each word into English first. We do a lot of programming using API's we're not yet fluent in (and may never be), and that's why IDE's can be so helpful and this isn't black and white. But at some point you do need to get some core concepts into your head and communicate them in a reasonably terse language. I thought all these computer trading algorithms had failsafes so they abandon the market when something goes wrong? Liquidity that disappears like that doesn't seem so useful. Style is one thing, but if you use closures, you have to be a lot more careful about memory leaks. If you're using App Engine, the number of frontend servers ("instances") is a config parameter. The fact that your app runs on multiple servers is implicit in API's and runtime environment because they don't allow you to do some things. But you don't know the names of the machines running your app, you don't get any server-side shell, and don't have any unix commands to run (except on your workstation if you use unix). Instead you upload your app and set the version that's live. I completely agree that "serverless" is an annoying buzzword and I hope it doesn't catch on, but there's a difference between this sort of environment and managing a collection of virtual machines yourself (I've done both). Only skimmed, but this seems like a very verbose way to say that you should get your dependencies right. But Go has the most important part almost automatically, because it doesn't allow cyclic dependencies. If package A depends on package B (directly or indirectly), B cannot depend on A. So when reorganizing, you have to decide which package is higher in the stack. This sounds absurd only because we have a hard time really understanding the consequences of dealing with a vast search space. Yes, 128^140 is the space of all possible tweets (in ascii), but just because we're able to count them (sorta) and assign a number to each message doesn't actually give us any power over them. After all, the omega number [1] is just another number too. [1] http://plus.maths.org/content/omega-and-why-maths-has-no-toe... Nobody's actually there, so who knows what's going on? Perhaps they learn by asking nearby adults to show them how? Even so, providing motivation is great. It's the only way to make a "native" app on a Chromebook. As Chromebooks become more popular, these API's become more important (just like Android and iPhone API's). Conveniently, you can still run them using desktop Chrome. Should be handy for development. Yes, but outside the Go standard libraries, adding a dependency on a standard library isn't a big deal and won't add a cycle. I can't find a reference, but isn't OS X known for being relatively slow at system calls? Natural disasters aren't a great example, because we can and should prepare for them. As the saying goes, "earthquakes don't kill people, buildings do." You are right that there is some randomness but they're not that random. There are warnings about hurricanes. Floods hit low-lying areas. Earthquake risk varies a lot based on region, soil structure, and so on. Some structures are relatively safe and others aren't. But I think they're a good example of things that we can't always prepare for as individuals - it requires a group effort and that involves politics. There is a lot of resistance against, for example, attempts to stop rebuilding in known flood zones. I would say that plane crashes are a good example. We can talk about the odds of being in a plane crash but they're not really random - there are always reasons. Also, there is a reason why commercial flights are considerably safer than driving. It's not because flying is inherently safer, but because as a society we put a lot of effort into making them that way. I think this goes to show that how much you have control over depends on who you are and what it is. The CEO of a company doesn't control everything but he has substantial control over the fate of the business. It's not helpful for him to dwell on things he can't control. Traffic accidents are the sort of thing that, as a society, there is plenty that can be done to improve our chances that we're not doing yet. There are also a lot of things you can do as an individual to improve your changes (driving fast in fog is obviously a bad idea even though people do it all the time). But of course you can't control what other people do. Yes, make versus new is confusing for beginners and I consider them unfortunate. But fortunately they're easy to avoid most of the time. You can initialize local variables like this: foo := map[string]string {} bar := []string {} There's no explicit versioning unless you do a fork (which effectively puts the version into the import path). When doing open source work, you just assume that the latest version works. If it doesn't, you can complain and check out an earlier version instead (locally), or in the worst case, fork the code until it's fixed and change your import statements to point to the forked version. For a company, it makes sense to check your GOPATH into your own source control system, so everyone has the same version of the open source libraries you're using. Then upgrading some open source libraries to a new version is a commit like any other change. Not sure how often (2) arises anymore, since you're often paying in battery life or cloud computing charges. Not a gimmick. While it's true that a lot of interesting stuff isn't there, you can happily develop Android apps using IntelliJ CE. Also, having source is extremely useful for people writing IDE plugins; doing this before IntelliJ CE was quite painful. I believe in Go, slices get passed by value so you shouldn't get garbage from passing them around. Also, it's a triple rather than a pair due to the capacity. Fair enough. But even though there's no hope of coming up with a single programming language for everything, we do have quite good tools for popular areas. It seems like being able to mechanize the error-checking of proofs in certain of the more useful and popular subfields of math might be just what's needed by non-mathematicians? Yes, but the reference (along with size information) is passed by value, so no garbage. How about managers? That is, people with actual power. :-) It's not really deleting the code since it's still there in version history. You can always revert the revert to get a similar effect. A good set of headphones will likely have better bass response than a hearing aid. For low frequencies, perhaps you're actually hearing them through the vent and not the hearing aid at all? If so, no fancy wireless connection will do as well. Vague and unenlightening. I kept skimming through looking for the part where where it explains what this "revolution" is supposed to be but it never actually does. Edit: objection withdrawn. They are currently #1 in trending apps on the Chrome store: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/category/trending?utm_sou... And #4 in Android trending apps: https://play.google.com/store/apps/collection/movers_shakers... Neil wrote Blockly and the maze demo for other purposes. (He has shown it off at Maker Faire before.) For this project he just adapted it. https://code.google.com/p/blockly/ It's a blob that has excellent integration with a very well-known interpreted language with good tool support, including some nice debuggers. It looks like it will have a nice foreign function interface. Although not terribly readable, at least you don't have to learn a new assembly language when you really need to examine the object code, and you could easily edit the binary if it helps you debug something. Perhaps you can see the appeal? Doesn't say anything about Go changes. What are they? Did a search and found this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Society_for_Amateur_Scientists "It is Google’s intent that the Pledge be legally binding, irrevocable (except as otherwise provided under “Defensive Termination” below) and enforceable against Google and entities controlled by Google, and their successors and assigns. Thus, Google will require any person or entity to whom it sells or transfers any of the Pledged Patents to agree, in writing, to abide by the Pledge and to place a similar requirement on any subsequent transferees to do the same." http://www.google.com/patents/opnpledge/pledge/ How large will interface pointers be? It seems like they'd have to be at least as large as an auth cookie since that's basically what they are. Also, it seems like in a cluster, you'd need the ability for any server to generate many auth cookies that will work on any other server when the client makes its next request. An important gotcha for JSON: it's not enough just to follow the JSON spec. If you want the data to be usable in a browser, you also have to take into account JavaScript's limitations. In particular, the JSON spec says that arbitrary-precision numbers are allowed, but if you want to round-trip a 64-bit integer without losing precision, you'd better put quotes around it. Except, why isn't it "git branch --nocheckout" for the rare cases when you don't want to check out? Actually, it looks like it's according to one consultant that one of the utilities hired. But it's about long-term trends that are interesting enough. A summary by a more careful writer would be appreciated. It's a big issue that any successful open source project faces. It's natural for the team to want to promote all the great things the product will do. But the core team doesn't scale as fast as contributors, let alone the userbase, and there is great risk of over-promising. I think the approach of something like jQuery works best: do one thing well. Add polish, not features. Let other people start their own projects that extend yours. A way to scale back expectations even more is to provide sample code, not a drop-in library. If you want to use it, copy and modify it so you know how it works and can fix the bugs yourself. This ensures that people don't think of themselves as just users. Inefficiency can in itself cause injustice. For example, the cost and inefficiency of the court system discourages people from using it. This can lead to things like settling even when it's unfair. Or for a more spectacular example of inefficiency you could look at the court system in India. [1] For a positive example, look at small claims court in the U.S. A case decided in a few minutes might result in more errors, but an efficient court system, even if somewhat less accurate, could result in better outcomes on average. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judiciary_of_India#Judicial_bac... I think you're jumping ahead; it can't be an acronym before people even start using it. Maybe write "Short reply OK" for now. I used to like this question, until I interviewed a few people who hadn't worked with HTTP. Then it's unclear how to rate them. Since I'm not interviewing specifically for a web programmer I had to pick problems someone could work on without that kind of experience. As with most projects, there are a large number of people involved, but only one in the news. I believe Musk started out just funding the startup and got more involved later. Much of the impact comes from attracting some of the best people in the industry by heavily promoting an exciting goal. Android works perfectly well without a data plan. I have none because I'm usually on WiFi and when I'm not, any McDonalds or Starbucks will work. I've occasionally thought of getting one, but last time I shopped for it, I couldn't find one at a reasonable price given low usage. But then, I've never used search by SMS. Finding WiFi makes more sense. Source maps are a partial solution. We also need a way to translate the data (fields and data structures) back to its source representation. You're right that syncing directly with the net is a problem. However, the problem is basically developer education. Go doesn't work like other languages and the consequences aren't well-documented. If you do it right, the process works fine; it's basically how Google works internally. The basic idea is to commit everything under $GOPATH/src so that you never need to touch the net to reproduce your build. After running "go install" you should check in the third-party code locally, just like any other commit. Then updating a new third-party library to sync with their trunk is like any other commit: run "go install", test your app, and then commit locally if it works. If it doesn't work, don't commit that version; either wait for them to fix it, sync to the last known good version, or patch it yourself. If you aren't committing your dependencies then you're doing it wrong. The way it works is that you use "go install" to download your dependencies and then check them in locally. Adding a new library is like any other commit. Upgrading to the latest version is easy - just run "go install" and commit again. No really! Go isn't like other languages. You have to think differently. Please try it! There's no such thing as, say, Maven binary dependencies for Java. If you don't check in the source code for your dependencies, your team member won't get the same version as you have and builds won't be reproducible. You won't be able to go back to a previous version of your app and rebuild it, because the trunk of your dependencies will have changed. By checking in the source code you're avoid a whole lot of hurt. Checking in source is okay because Go source files are small and the compiler is fast. There isn't a huge third-party ecosystem for Go yet. Nope. It's just about mapping JavaScript code back to source files. We'll need to come up with another standard for data. Right, "go install" is for open source projects. Maybe it sounds like condescension. I was in the same place at the beginning. No exceptions? No generics? Heresy. How dare you Go people ignore my many years of experience? I wrote a few rants to the mailing list, which were basically ignored. The reason I assume you haven't used Go much is that your examples of problems with checking stuff in aren't examples of problems happening in Go. It's an analogy with other languages and other environments. Such arguments don't seem to get very far. Maybe it won't scale and something will have to give. I expect the Go maintainers will find their own solution when it happens, and it won't look like Maven or traditional shared libraries. (If anything, it might be by replacing Git/hg with something that scales better.) "In a classic study, Cialdini and colleagues manipulated the signs that were displayed in Arizona’s Petrified Forest National Park, a site often plagued by tourists who end up grabbing some of the petrified wood to take home as a souvenir. In situations like this, the first inclination of well-meaning environmentalists might be to set a strong prescriptive norm — perhaps by saying something like, 'Many past visitors have removed the petrified wood from the park, changing the state of the Petrified Forest. This is bad, don’t do this.' The idea here would be to invoke a sense of shame and severity before asking visitors to refrain from taking the wood. But read that prescriptive message once again. Is there anything descriptive in there? Yes, of course there is. That message is not just telling you that you shouldn’t take the wood — it’s also telling you that most other people do. In fact, people were actually more likely to steal wood from the forest when they saw the sign telling them how many people tend to do it themselves, even though the very next sentence was asking them to refrain. But when the researchers simply tweaked the message to read that 'the vast majority of past visitors have left the petrified wood in the park, helping to preserve the natural state of the Petrified Forest,' the thievery plummeted. [1] Not a parent, but I would guess that kids are the same way only more so. The smart parent will make sure their kid sees other well-behaved kids most of the time. [1] http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/psysociety/2013/03/28/ma... This isn't very imaginative. There's nothing first-world about taking photos; people everywhere like to do this. Furthermore, it's not just entertainment but a practical tool; I take photos of shopping lists and whiteboards all the time, and people everywhere will find it useful for remembering things. Uploading photos to the cloud is great way of backing up information on paper, which might be hard to preserve in challenging environments. The difference is that people in the third world will likely only have cell phones and no desktops. So I would think that making photo sharing work well on mobile (particularly with low connectivity) counts as a third-world problem. And hey, this might even be useful for medical practitioners in remote locations too. Perhaps for small-ticket items, the rule should be that if there's any dispute, the money goes to a charity that was agreed on before the transaction. :-) I think this is a very libertarian notion that misses out on the social aspects of reputation. What you claim about yourself is often less valuable to a third party than what someone else claims about you. Perhaps you could store signed endorsements made by other people. But then you need support for revocation, and what about negative claims? Free speech includes the ability to say negative things about others. Social software is very complicated because of issues like this. Something like a personal dropbox is straightforward - single customer, no community. You only have to worry about people hacking you, not what they do to each other. Anyone who gets into social software inevitably sets themselves up for making rules and judging disputes, and that often requires hard decisions. Or compare email with social messaging; the rights and responsibilities are different and it's due to the software. Personal servers only support setting ground rules in a certain way (for example, the inability to revoke or prevent copies). Centralized services can support communities with different rules, for better or worse. Assuming there's no fraud, there are four parties who gain from this transaction: (1) the person getting rid of the car without doing any work (2) the person buying the car (3) the person or company whose job it is to do the work (4) the charity. The proportion gained by the charity might be relatively low but everyone gained something, so it's unclear that it's inefficient. It's true that there's always someone richer, younger, and better looking (and if not, wait a few years). But if that's what you pay attention to then you'll always be unhappy. Get a more diverse set of friends and you might realize what you have is already is pretty good. See http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests&#x... ; Argh. Hacker News refuses to save the URL. Replace %xF; with "/" I think it is relevant, because "overpaid" or "underpaid" don't mean anything until you decide who you're going to compare to. It's fundamentally subjective. Compare yourself to teachers or average U.S. salary and you could make a different argument. (The trick of only comparing to people who are paid more than you is used by execs all the time in corporate compensation committees.) Why the middle class in particular? If our economy is based on spending, then it like giving money to anyone who will spend it is the answer. Could be poor, middle class, or rich, so long as they don't just put it into their bank account. (And yes, banks could theoretically loan out the money, but currently they won't.) This doesn't make sense. Not enough workers but demand for their work output goes down? They can't both be problems. A lower ratio of workers to seniors is supposed to be a problem because the workers need to produce stuff both for themselves and for non-workers. It's an argument that there will be too much demand, not enough supply. If you then say that consumers aren't buying enough and there isn't enough demand, then that could also be a problem (recession). But too much consumption and not enough consumption can't both be problems at the same time. Federation implies certain things can't be done that centralized systems can do. The most obvious is deleting or editing a message after you sent it, which works on a social network but not for email. (In theory, email could support versioning, but not deleting the old version, because once you send a message it doesn't belong to you.) This can make federated systems harder to build and centralized systems harder to keep up with on features. But perhaps some day we'll get there. You can use an IDE and still run and test your code from the command line, and this is often a good idea when it's unclear what the IDE is doing. The IDE still serves as a better editor. Well, if you plan on using the command line then you don't need to learn to run programs in the IDE. You can just learn the other stuff. But there's no doubt about it, learning to use an IDE is an investment. It's not needed for "hello world" but pays off when using complicated API's or refactoring a large application. And nearly all the API's we use these days are complicated; languages that don't have large standard libraries aren't used much. The irony is that people who don't use IDE's spend large amounts of time configuring their text editors. How much of an investment is it to learn vi? It's a checks and balances thing. If you're a large ISP and you retain physical control over your servers and network, if you're asked to hand over too much information, it's at least possible to delay and fight it in court. If they have root then you don't even know what they've done. I think you have to start with your target platform. If you want to run in the browser it has compile to JavaScript. That has consequences. If you're targeting mobile phones it has to generate Android or iOS code, preferably both. On the server there are many more choices; targeting LLVM might be a good bet. Language design is important, but being a good fit for the platform is more important. Yes. Never used homebrew. Not sure I'm missing anything. I skimmed so perhaps I missed something, but it looks like this is just the usual argument in favor of functional programming. I don't find it convincing because there's more to programming than getting the right output. Performance and memory usage are also important, and Haskell is extremely opaque in that respect. A strict language with optional laziness makes it much easier to reason about performance. Headline is misleading. It should be "goes iPhone", not "goes mobile" since they don't have Android yet. This is a special case of a digital filter where the weights are set to an exponential function. Apparently you can do things like tune for particular frequencies. It's a whole subfield in itself, but I found this a good introduction: http://www.dspguide.com/pdfbook.htm On first glance this looks similar to a pubspec.yaml file in Dart. Maybe you could borrow ideas from there. It seems like for a business you'd also want to download your dependencies and check them in, in case the original repo isn't available. goroutines are lighter than Java threads, though, so it's still an improvement. This statement dates back to a time when people would buy a machine and hire some programmers to write a program for it; that is, it's about the enormous expense of one-off, in-house, custom programs. IBM's System/360 was around but portable operating systems hardly existed yet (In 1972, Unix was just getting started). Since then, programs are shared and run on many more machines; the cost is amortized through portability and writing general-purpose tools. Dijkstra was right to say that something had to change, but he didn't anticipate the efficiency gains from sharing portable software, at least not in this essay. Instead he seems to have thought that programmers should learn to write programs faster. We've made some progress on that, but the great efficiency gains happened at a higher level. I think the most plausible scenario is that SkyMall wasn't a good investment to begin with, so their private investors dumped them. We have no hard numbers. Magazine advertisers often don't pay list price for ads and their expenses are private deals with the airlines, who are likely to drive a hard bargain if they can. And I'd be skeptical about how many people actually read them regularly; a survey commissioned by the company could be exaggerated or flawed in some way. This isn't for sessions unless they're also backed up somewhere else. It's just for caching. You would need some other system where you look up which version of a session is current, then look up sessions in the cache by a unique version id. This depends on programming culture. For example, at Google, if you commit a CL to a shared library that breaks another team, they will tell you to roll it back and fix the callers first, and you will. It's doable but it slows you down. Doesn't matter whose fault it is; they're long gone anyway. In other situations you don't have to listen, but if a popular library doesn't pay attention to backward compatibility then they'll end up in a situation where major customers keep using an older version of their library and nobody wants to upgrade. And unless you want to keep maintaining multiple versions, you want them to upgrade. That's needlessly vicious. You don't need a wall of shame. Just report the bug back to the original programmer and they'll feel bad enough as it is. Also, generally speaking, it's not one person's fault. At the very least they also have a reviewer who should have caught it. What actually happens in a healthy organization is that someone writes a postmortem going through all the steps leading to the bad outcome, along with a plan to make fixes at multiple levels to make sure nothing like it happens again. The adoption curve is up and to the right, from a small base. These things take time. It's also useful for debugging. If the file has a name, you can look at the file while the program is stopped in a debugger. In that case you should be reading David Brin. I can follow instructions too but I wouldn't change the brakes on a car without supervision from someone who knows what they're doing. That's a safety-critical repair. The difference is that Go has what looks like preemptive scheduling for goroutines (and will eventually be truly preemptive; see [1]) while await is more like cooperative multitasking. If you're writing in Go, you should use channels (or mutexes) to avoid race conditions: "share by communicating". With a single-threaded language using await, it's safer to modify common data structures without locks, although you should be aware that calling a function via "await" gives others task the opportunity to modify your data. So "await" appearing in the code explicitly warns you that pseudo-multitasking is happening. In Go, preemption can (in theory) happen at any time, plus there are multiple threads. [1] http://honnef.co/posts/2013/08/what_s_happening_in_go_tip__2... Edit: Go isn't truly preemptive in 1.1. I'd be more interested in performance than features. If you use tasks when they're not needed, how much more JavaScript code does it take and how fast does it run? Also, what do stack traces look like? Here's one I wrote in Dart: http://skybrian.github.io/dart-synth-demo/synth.html https://github.com/skybrian/dart-synth-demo Which was based on this one in JavaScript: https://github.com/skybrian/midiplayer What's the difference between that and a mathematician slaving away for years to solve a hard problem? And yet, we don't grant patents on math. One person's time isn't that big an investment (relatively speaking) and funding is available. That's not as black and white as it seems. An implementation of a compression algorithm is typically a particular library written in a particular computer language. A specification of a compression algorithm is typically described in a specification document such as an RFC. We don't call an RFC an implementation. Now you're nitpicking. The only reason I mentioned RPC's is as an well-known example of a specification, to contrast that with a concrete implementation. My point is that an algorithm is more general than any particular implementation. They aren't concrete. They're abstract. (And of course if patents only covered one concrete implementation then nobody would bother getting them.) This depends on the kind of abstraction. The closer programming is to math, the less likely it is that anyone other than mathematicians can read it, because they're not familiar with the abstractions you're using and they're hard to learn. (And even simple mathematical abstractions are hard because there's no domain-specific content to them; it just looks like abstract nonsense.) It's also possible to use abstraction to get closer to how your customers think, but only if you use abstractions that they already know from the target domain. Do you want to have more female co-workers or not? Working with nude images when you don't really need to is a great way to discourage people from working with you. Seems like the only reason you'd expect it to be 1 In any sane language you can't redefine bool that way, nobody would ever expect bool to take more than two values, and there wouldn't be a problem. Okay, let me put it differently: I'm not an image compression researcher, but I find it hard to believe that you actually need pictures of naked women to judge compression quality. Pictures of people, sure, and maybe even showing some skin. But beach photos would work fine for that, as did the cropped picture of Lena back in the day. So: citation needed. I don't know why things are different in the art world and it's a good question. But this sort of thing has been A/B tested for computer science [1]. Of course it takes more than one study to get scientific consensus but I'll take it over armchair reasoning. [1] http://phys.org/news180024084.html Sure, it's just one part of the overall environment. If you wanted to decorate a room to say "boys club - girls keep out," the first thing you'd do is hang up some pinup posters. But in the fashion industry they work with lots of pictures of beautiful women and women outnumber men. And this is probably US specific too; I imagine they do things differently in France. In computer science (either academia or industry) we have a recruiting problem and we're facing an uphill battle. We have to care about how it looks. If you're running the browser think you might want this instead: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/secure-shell/pnhec... This code has no memory other than the prior probability distribution. It seems like if you had previously flipped a coin a thousand times to generate it, your prior beliefs should be more strongly held than if you had just made up some numbers. Shouldn't the number of previous trials be accounted for somehow? Instead of starting with methods, start from interfaces. An interface is an object along with a collection of functions that have the same object as one of their parameters. It's a whole lot easier to implement if that special parameter is always in the same position. Methods are useful for implementing interfaces and for avoiding namespace clutter; otherwise they're equivalent to functions. I have no idea how you get from multimethods to interfaces. In case anyone is interested in some really old stuff, I recently dug up some of my articles from 1997 for a Wired/Hotwired reunion. Here's a doc with some pointers to the wayback machine: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mIMWHlxe_SFilR2YTzGCAmlF... Sure, but that doesn't mean it's widely known enough to use in marketing. I associate it with a 3D player model like in Second Life, not 2D photos in large social networks since they mostly don't use the term. There are other people saying the same thing about immigration law's effect on high school students [1]. So don't discount this particular argument just because it comes from someone you don't trust. [1] http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/09/the-surp... Regular expressions are part of the JavaScript language, so they're as much "written in JavaScript" as any other language construct. The point is that a regular expression compiled by V8 (which is not written in JavaScript) is faster than a regular expression as compiled by some particular C compiler. Of course a C compiler could possibly be written to understand calls to a standard regexp API and compile those to binary. It's work in progress but this book seems interesting so far: http://www.manning.com/zumel/ (Disclosure: written by a friend.) Google is a big place and there's lots going on, both good and bad. There is lively internal debate and plenty of pushback, but there are also good reasons to stay even when you disagree about a particular issue. There are people who leave, but someone who's unhappy might just switch to a different team. Well, the first question is what a string's internal representation should be, and they went with UTF8. Once you've decided on UTF8, the question is whether to hide the representation or expose it. If you decide to expose it, there's hardly any difference between an immutable byte array and string, so it's simpler in a way to have one type that can be used both ways. I understood the article just fine. It's not wrong to say that in Go, text (called strings in other languages) is nearly always represented in UTF8 format and is commonly stored in variables of type string, or sometimes []byte. Perhaps I should have left out the word "internal" since it's exposed. Maybe they did, but they aren't going to tell us how the internal debate played out. That's not how it works. Security teams can make recommendations and can escalate to upper management if need be, but they don't make the final call on new products. Ultimately it's the CEO who decides whether a risk is worth taking. I'd be curious about how this compares to the Buck project, which is another Google-like build system: http://facebook.github.io/buck/ Maybe try clearing your Chrome cache? In a bankruptcy the shareholders get nothing. Debt comes before equity and the union is one of the creditors. (But in any case, the union is hardly the only beneficiary of keeping GM afloat; it's not zero-sum.) The lesson is to keep voting and look at Congress next instead of focusing on the presidential election. It's possible to fix things; state government in California has gotten a lot better recently due to redistricting and primary reform. Because you should think about other people, not just yourself. You have the option of voting for someone who won't shut the government down and to some people that matters quite a lot. Codemirror is very polished and has great support. (It's also used in the Chrome debugger.) You don't know that they're judging you based on perfect syntax and probably they aren't. Just because someone points out a syntax error doesn't mean they're marking you down for it; maybe they're trying to be helpful. But that's the problem; there's little or no feedback from most interviews (for legal and other reasons), so many candidates assume the worst. Yes, the key is to turn it into a technical conversation. Pretend they don't know the answer and genuinely want your help. Interviews are artificial but talking about technical problems in front of whiteboards is a normal work activity. It's not about perfect code but more about coming across as someone they'd want to go to for technical advice on a tough problem. Just wondering, how does the ground clearance in a Tesla S compare to other cars? If you're interested in this area you might like this talk from the Linux plumbers' conference: "Over the past year we've been looking at how a uniform, performant, synchronous programming model can be implemented across all of Google's core languages (C++, Java, Go, Python), while maintaining compatibility with existing code." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXuZi9aeGTw As of today, dart2js is the only way to deploy Dart to users' browsers, Chrome included. It already performs well enough for most apps. The Dart VM is nice but its primary purpose right now is running the Dart compiler and in Dartium which is only used by developers. (You can use it for other things but the ecosystem isn't there yet.) Google web developers who want to deploy their apps need to use dart2js. Google web developers need to make sure their apps work in all modern browsers. If the Dart team wants to promote adoption even within Google (and they do) they need to support all modern browsers. Dartium and dart2js already aren't quite in sync; numeric types work differently for example. But they're close enough that for most apps, you can develop in Dartium and deploy on dart2js and the language differences don't really bother you. The language differences between Dart-in-JavaScript and Dart-in-Dartium are a lot less than the differences between browsers that web developers deal with all the time. It's pretty natural in a new niche for there to be experimenting before it settles down to a standard. Either the OS makers pick it up and we get standard API's in Android and iOS, or someone organizes a standards effort for the vendors to get behind. But standards committees are slow and negotiating a new standard isn't what you do when you're trying to ship 1.0. This problem doesn't happen when links are one-way like on Twitter or G+. If you instead have two one-way links, then hiding one side means it looks like it's one-way, and you can't see which links Mark has reciprocated. Is it necessary to get every cert? Getting the CAs to participate would be the best way, but it seems there are workarounds that will result in a large number of certs to be listed, though not all of them: "Google is currently operating a Certificate Transparency log, and we are filling the log with certificates that we retrieve while crawling the web. We are also actively working on monitoring and auditing software." http://www.certificate-transparency.org/faq Try it with a fresh profile to try to narrow it down. Interesting. Do you have a link to the story? Or perhaps maptag? http://playmaptag.appspot.com/ Disclaimer: created by a friend. I'd say it's neither a feature nor a bug; it's just different in a way that's partially incompatible with credit-based payment schemes. This incompatibility shows up with Coinbase, where they require a bank account number and a credit card number and identity verification to buy Bitcoin instantly because they're bridging the gap and have no recourse if someone scams them. Not exactly peer-to-peer or anonymous. Payment companies like credit card issuers or Paypal do a lot of policing of shady vendors and shady customers. If you're just using cash then it's buyer beware. But on the other hand, it allows you to make a payment when a bank wouldn't allow it. Could you say more about file I/O? This isn't specific to React; in large GWT apps we use an event bus. Perhaps you could do the same thing? Or, instead of an event-based approach, you could could pass in an object and use Object.observe() to observe state changes. It looks like React just implements the view in MVC, so you still need a separate way to observe the model. Could you clarify your argument? It seems like learning about alternative services and increased competition should increase options, not reduce them. The fundamental issue is that the code needs be audited and signed offline so it can't be changed. Unsigned code should not be run. This makes releases harder (no push on commit). It's not language-specific. App stores already work this way (including the Chrome web store), so a deployment mechanism is there; it's just not used as often as it should be. It's funny, back in the day we debated ActiveX (code signing) versus sandboxes (Java and JavaScript) and the real answer is that you should have both (as Android does). But code signing isn't magic either. You still need someone to do the auditing, and users to be careful about what they run. Since users are so trusting, I'm not sure that app stores in practice are any more secure. There are many studies showing that nearly everyone has unconscious biases including minorities . This is normal . I assume it's true of you and I assume it's true of me. It's a sensible prior, not an insult. [1] http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/between-the-lines/201204... Here are a couple: http://med.stanford.edu/diversity/FAQ_REDE.html http://www.princeton.edu/pr/pwb/01/0212/7b.shtml I think the idea is something like "locks keep honest people honest." If you make clear rules and get people to follow them, and people see that everyone else is following the rules, that makes following the rules normal and rule-breaking an unusual transgression, even without a panopticon. It's tricky to pull off, but how else would you do it? It seems like this would depend on whether marketing is used for good or evil. For example, showing a lot of people how your project actually works and why you might want to use it (as Apple does sometimes) is taking the high road. A stronger marketing campaign may work well due to better user education, in which case it's not necessarily "unfair" that a somewhat weaker but better-understood product wins. But of course there are the usual dirty tricks, too, causing user confusion as you mention. The difference is that if a server running HTTPS is hacked, the attacker can modify the JavaScript at will. With an app that's signed offline, this isn't possible; you could even redistribute it on an untrusted mirror. Also, in theory, an independent auditor could rebuild the app from source and verify that the bits match, and do an independent audit of the source. So signed apps are more verifiable. The trusted base for a signed app is (browser + app + app signer), not (browser + app + server), where the server might be a virtual machine in the cloud and you need to trust the virtual machine host provider too. This doesn't matter most of the time because you have to trust the server anyway, but in the case of someone wanting to encrypt something on the client that cannot be decrypted on the server, it does matter. Encrypting on the client is mostly pointless unless the client code is independent of the server, which requires it to be independently signed. There is still a cert chain of course, but it's a different one where the developer's private key doesn't get uploaded to the server. Signed apps are fundamentally not how the web works. The argument here is that the web is basically broken for client-side encryption and the app store model is better for things like secure email or a bitcoin wallet. But since most app store apps aren't open source and the open source ones aren't independently audited in practice, it's not clear it's a practical difference. Putting emotional reactions aside for a moment, I think the real point is that unbiased behavior is quite difficult to achieve and requires discipline. If you're not doing anything systematic to root out bias and just relying on good intentions, it won't be enough. Yes, having a variety of interviewers helps somewhat, but people can be biased in similar ways - it is possible for women to be unconsciously biased against other women, for example. The solution isn't bias in the other direction, but to look for ways to remove the bias. This is why in science we have things like double-blind studies, for example. In music, doing auditions behind a screen seems to have been effective. Putting systematic measures in place against bias also tends to help with self-selection, since it assures applicants that they have a fair shot. I believe that's what the original poster was asking for. I don't know what the best solution is for something like Y Combinator, but it seems worth giving it some thought. Of course, it's not going to be so easy as performing music behind a screen. The percentages you cite show this is a problem in many industries. I doubt that 50% is achievable, but I also don't think it's helpful to either say "these people are sexist" or "yeah, but everyone does it." Those are both examples of moralistic thinking. The solution is to move beyond that sort of thing and treat this as a problem to be solved. Hey, you're the one bringing up quotas, not me. I think I said that aiming for a specific number isn't the goal. Football has a lot of numbers associated with it so I'd guess it's pretty fair, especially since Moneyball was published. (Assuming football coaches learned from it; I don't actually follow football.) I was actually more interested in your other example of entertainment industry executives. I am pro-analytics: I think you should measure all the things you can because the numbers can be interesting. But just as you wouldn't judge programmers by lines of code, raw numbers about hiring are only a suggestive data point. To figure out if there's a real issue, we would need to go deeper and look for other things to measure. (But obviously we're not going to do that here in a chat room discussion.) Sure, it's the same basic idea. Sure, the atoms don't care, but if large buyers demand commodities with a clean paper trail, that sends pricing signals that are likely to change behavior. What else would you suggest? Um, Google doesn't actually appear in this story. Where did you get that from? I might, but searching for "Draft" doesn't find anything and none of the blog entries talking about Draft actually link to the website. Are they in stealth mode or something? Edit: tried again and it's the first result. Weird. I found this oddly phrased: "the sleep researchers I spoke with agree that there’s no evidence that aided sleep is as effective as natural sleep." Is there evidence that it isn't as effective as natural sleep? Why not say there's no evidence either way? They're in JavaScript. "localhost" seems like a really bad name for this when in reality, the socket is anything but local. Instead of "localhost:3306" how about something like "docker:3306"? Why not an HTTP server running on localhost that provides these things? Seems like you're promoting some myths as well. Kids don't magically decide that math or science or computer programming is fun. They're heavily influenced by what they're exposed to and what they see other people they respect doing. Yes, that's "marketing" or perhaps better call it education. And no, giving a kid the "C programming language" isn't going to cut it unless they've previously had enough exposure to math or engineering to understand why it's interesting. (Based on what I've heard, Minecraft seems to be working a lot better.) I'm not sure calculus is a great example for your argument. How many kids do you think would actually learn calculus on their own? It's something that most kids think is way beyond them and they don't even know what it is (other than a kind of math) until they actually study it in school. And that's a standard subject taught in high school. I think if instead you look at why kids learn music or art or dance or drama or sports or a foreign language or religion, you'll find that the parents and relatives and friends often (not always) have a lot to do with it. And even with parental support, often the kids decide it's not for them. And that's fine; at least they got the chance. I don't see computer programming as being all that different; not every kid is going to be into any given activity, but if they're not exposed to it in a way that makes it seem interesting, that's going to drastically reduce the number of kids who even try it. And that exposure is going to vary pretty dramatically depending on where you grew up. It's a neat math trick, but it seems more accurate to say this lets you calculate bad estimates on the back of a napkin. Unless you really think food carts carry $5000 in change. The quantitative work I do has to do with measuring latency, where the minimum, median, 90%, and 99% values are more meaningful than the mean or standard deviation. Programs typically have a best-case scenario (everything cached) and a long one-sided tail. Sure, two points is better than one but what's special about two? I'd rather have a graph. We have computers so there's rarely a reason to compress the data so much. Preserving all the data is the logical endpoint but that's not what I was suggesting. I'm just saying there's nothing special about keeping two points. I'd rather not feed two points to my decision algorithm, whether it's machine learning or a human looking at the data. It makes more sense to make some attempt to preserve the shape of the graph unless you have strong reason to believe it's Gaussian, and even then the assumption should be checked. It's a bit higher level, roughly like generating HTML using a templating library that auto-escapes to avoid XSS attacks. There are fewer ways to screw up and since it happens at compile-time, it's more secure. Generally speaking, if you would normally do something using reflection, you can also do it using code generation, which should compile to faster code (since you're not interpreting it at runtime) but possibly at the cost of code bloat and making the code harder to follow. Go interfaces are also new. The Nimrod version is shorter, but it seems harder to tell whether error-checking is done right. The way I'd put it is that software only matters when someone is using it and getting something they want out of it. Its value starts at zero on release and increases when you get more customers to use it. (Assuming it's not a complete misfeature.) Actually it's a big improvement for large-scale programming due its effect on library dependencies. In Go you can easily declare an interface that matches a type in someone else's library without creating a hard dependency on that library. You can also superset and subset interfaces easily. That way you get loose coupling (almost like "duck-typing") in a mostly statically checked language. Contrast with Java where you'd have to both create a new interface and write an adapter class in a separate "glue" library that has hard dependencies on both libraries. I don't think it matters that much from a library maintainer's point of view. If you you want to change a public method and can find all the type's usages, an IDE or search engine can tell you which call sites will break. (Or just compile everything and see what happens.) If you can't find all the type's usages, you're screwed anyway because any change that would break an interface will also break a call site that calls a method directly, without using an interface. So having all the interfaces declared right there doesn't help that much. I think posting one algorithm you really like and explaining why works better than a laundry list. You could pass the length and two functions for lessThan and swap. I agree that the article isn't as easy to read as the author hopes; it's not exactly "explain it like I'm five". However, I think you're going to have to give more concrete examples of the particular writing style you're objecting to, and how it could be done differently. No, the argument is that it's unclear how to fit it into the language. Typically, generics are implemented using either code generation (causing code bloat) or type erasure (which requires boxing the type). They're not satisfied with either. You're assuming Go programmers will just write out the duplicate code rather than exploring alternatives. This doesn't seem to be what actually happens. Code written in Go isn't as concise as some languages, but it seems to have more to do with error-checking. I suspect we aren't seeing it because built-in types like slices and maps are already generic and people tend not to use fancier collections unless they're really needed. Dogecoin is doing well because it's a joke currency. People can try out cryptocoins in a friendly community with trivial amounts (in dollars) and little risk. Some are skeptical: http://arstechnica.com/security/2014/01/is-your-refrigerator... That's a good point about running it in the debugger. However, even with a large program, sometimes I find it helpful to write a smaller program that does much the same thing as a small part of it. For example, last year I wrote a debugger frontend in Dart, based on the Chrome DevTools debugger. Whenever I wanted to implement something I'd first look at how the Chrome debugger did it. Currently I'm working on a reimplementation of the React framework, also in Dart. The increase in supply is fixed by the algorithm, so you're really just increasing the difficulty and making it less profitable to mine. If more people decide to buy at an exchange instead of mining, it would tend to increase the price. As far as I can tell the payment industry is about hiding the fees. To consumers, credit cards seem not to have any fees because the merchants pay them. (This is why they can give you cash back.) Accepting Bitcoin is a different way of hiding fees. It's somewhat difficult to compare prices to USD because you have to do the exchange rate calculation yourself. Merchants could easily charge a small premium for Bitcoin transactions and consumers can't easily tell if the deal is slightly better or slightly worse. As a result, there's little incentive to give a discount for Bitcoin since it's unlikely to get more sales. The fees are still there; they're hidden in the bid/ask spread for exchanging bitcoin for dollars. So yeah, this is "innovative" and possibly disruptive but only in the same way as other financial innovations that seem to give you a good deal while actually charging more. At this point it's not about taking offense (I think everyone understands the pun now, and it's funny the first time.) We can assume good intentions but it's still okay to say this is bad marketing. From a marketing perspective, giving your product a name some people hate is polarizing. It might get attention in the short term and is certainly memorable, but in the longer term isn't a great move because they'll cringe every time they use it or have to talk about it and the complaints will continue. So why not pick something else? Examples of badly named projects that were renamed, just to show it can be done and it's not a big deal: forplay -> PlayN testacular -> karma We're so used to the "man" command that I think it's hard to judge how it would sound if someone invented it today. There might very well be calls to rename it. We're okay with it because we're used to it, it's from a different time, and it's far too late to change it now. Those aren't good excuses for a new project. The author's intention matters when assigning blame. It doesn't matter if we're debating whether this is a good name to use from a marketing perspective. Applets were invented at a time when there was competition between language-level sandboxing (Java) versus code signing (Active X). Today we understand that you need language-level sandboxing, OS-level sandboxing, permissions enforcement, code signing, and a way to revoke bad apps. (Android store, for example.) And it's not really enough. Most of us have moved on, but I think Oracle deserves some credit for doing something to protect the people who still must rely on applets for some reason (probably legacy apps). We should trust that they meant well, but still tell them their fly is down. It's not that big a deal as long as you fix it. This is tricky because correlation != causation. It's also plausible that poverty results in fewer marriages, rather than the other way around. A decent argument to that effect: http://www.interfluidity.com/v2/4938.html So, simulate a cluster of machines instead of a single machine? Seems like a good thing. "Tiny datacenter in a box." The question whether it's close enough to production to be useful; any testing environment simulates some things well and others poorly. Load testing would be right out, I'd presume, but it might be useful for testing some machine failures. Haven't seen this. Could you give some examples? The decision to make Python an officially supported language inside Google was made a long time ago. It's anyone's guess whether they'd make the same decision today. If Go were around, perhaps they'd have chosen that instead? FYI, your blog doesn't render properly with the Disconnect extension: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/disconnect/jeoacaf... (The code sections don't highlight or don't show up at all, etc). Cite? Not finding it. I did find: "People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware." Me too. It probably doesn't include students who drop out. Also, it all depends what "companies like" means. I agree, they should at least compare to Go. However, it is fair to say that when using Java, you have to choose carefully since many API's block on I/O, including those that Java programmers use by default and are most likely to be familiar with. He has a point (yes, it's scapegoatism), but the counterpoint is that these protests are pretty marginal. They're news because they're unusual. Making extreme comparisons exaggerates the seriousness of the issue. This is nothing compared to what people who do genuinely controversial work have to deal with all the time. This is more complicated than it seems. First, how does it work with minimization? In Dart, string constants are not minimizable (will be included as-is in the source code). Symbol constants will be minimized. This includes all method names, field names, and things like named parameters. You can see this in the arguments to noSuchMethod; the named parameters map has Symbol keys, not strings. Probably something could be worked out, though. Maybe put an annotation on the customer class to tell the compiler to save the original field names? But a second issue is how it works with inheritance, including mixins. If a class is serializable, does that make all the superclasses and subclasses serializable as well? JSON doesn't have a standard way to represent a type tag, so does that mean we should invent one? If we do that, what happens to JSON interop with other languages? Also keep in mind that Dart supports types that don't interop with JavaScript like unlimited precision integers. (Well, okay, that only works with the Dart VM, not dart2js...) It gets worse. What if your class has a field type like List , which could contain any object? Does that mean the Dart compiler now has to preserve all symbols because any class could be serialized? And keep in mind that with optional types, all lists should behave the same when not in checked mode. Having seen the mess that resulted in GWT-RPC, I would recommend just saying no to default serialization. Serialization and object inheritance don't really mix well which is why specs like JSON and protobufs don't support it. (And now you know why language designers don't throw things into a language just because it seems like a good idea at the time.) Server-side languages have it easy. Code size isn't much of an issue so reflection works fine. In a browser where code size matters, there are two ways to go: 1) In JavaScript, every library author needs to figure out how to crunch their library as much as possible and library authors brag about their small code size and minimal dependencies. We have debates about whether JQuery is worth it. 2) You implement tree-shaking so you only pay for the functions you use (GWT, Dart, and the Closure compiler's advanced mode). But tree-shaking doesn't play well with reflection, which is why dart2js reflection is a work in progress. You can also go with code generation (essentially compile-time reflection) but that also increases compile times and adds code bloat due to the generated code. Go doesn't have inheritance and that makes things quite a bit easier; there's an obvious way to deserialize a map to a struct type. You can see the seams in the limited support for interfaces; basically there's no way to deserialize to non-empty interface type. (How would that work?) In Dart, since any class can be extended or used as an interface type, the issues are similar to interface types in Go. There's no bare struct type. There might be an interesting compromise, but it's not a trivial design problem. GWT-RPC was designed before I got there, but the basic idea was to make it work just like Java serialization. To do this, you need to calculate at compile time which types the client might possibly have to deserialize and include client-side code to instantiate those types. But we don't want to do this for every Serializable type because of code bloat; when a type is declared Serializable in Java it's often intended for server-side serialization, not because anyone intended that type to be usable in a browser. This is pretty hard to do in a language that supports both inheritance and generic types. Suppose you have a field of type List . What values could the server possibly send the client? - All subtypes of List: ArrayList, LinkedList. Also, ImmutableList and a bunch of other subtypes if Guava is in the classpath. - All the fields in Foo, its serializable supertypes, and all its subtypes. And then do the same calculation again for those types, recursively. Or if Foo is a widely used marker interface, anything implementing that marker interface in any library could possibly be sent. At this point, probably nobody working on the app has a good idea on why a particular type is included in the app. Of course you could tell people to tighten up their type declarations. For example, never use List in a DTO; instead use ArrayList. This doesn't work because it just takes one field declaration in one library to screw it up, so it's hardly worth doing. And I haven't even gotten into the complexities of things like: class Foo extends Bar . I heard a rumor once that someone proved that doing the calculation "properly" was NP-complete. In practice, we use approximations and there are bugs, though mostly people don't run into them too often. I think it makes more sense to generate serialization code from an IDL such as a protobuf declaration. Since there's no inheritance and no generics, it's clearer to everyone which fields can possibly be transmitted on the wire and what the semantics are for forwards and backwards compatibility. Or just write out the JSON serialization for each class; it's not that hard, just repetitive. If there is one it's not public. Here's the bug to track: https://code.google.com/p/dart/issues/detail?id=1533 This isn't production, but I found dart:js to be pretty reasonable for interop with CodeMirror and a Chrome extension API. (I did find it better to send a batch to a wrapper function rather than making JavaScript calls in a tight loop, though.) This is a good trick but it needs to be used judiciously or you'll end up with lots of boilerplate. I particularly like Go's type system, though, because it makes it very simple: type celsius float64 There's no overhead and it doesn't attempt to prevent you from doing any calculations as a float64; the type checking just prevents direct assignments from a celsius type to another type. Yes, there is in practice a fair bit of boilerplate in Go. (The way you'd do it in this case is by defining two new types for a struct and a slice of structs. Not that hard once you know the trick.) Still, they got tiny types right, and without getting bogged down in dimensional analysis. That's mostly wrong. Instead of speculating, how about skimming the ruling? It's just a summary but it was clearly way more complicated than that: http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/threatlevel/2014/02/ibraru... I know it's not meant seriously, but even so, the notion that everyone should read the same set of books in a lifetime is a strange one. If everyone actually did that, it would be a massive duplication of effort. Much better for people to read different books. It's a good rant. There are concrete suggestions for improvement, and also concrete examples of where some people went a little too far. I'm less happy about excluding people who are coming into computing late, though. If you're interested in this sort of thing, you might want to give to GiveDirectly instead. It gives grants instead of loans (so interest rates aren't an issue) and is one of the very few charity organizations to do randomized controlled trials to prove its effectiveness. More detail than you probably want to know: http://www.givewell.org/international/top-charities/give-dir... As I understand it, using Bayesian statistics, you can report the posterior probability given various reasonable priors. It seems useful to know how sensitive the conclusion is to the choice of prior. (With a strong result, it should make relatively little difference.) I'm not an expert, but as I understand it, both deletes see row ('a','b'). Session 2 sees that that row is locked so it waits, and when the lock is released it sees that it's already deleted. However, it doesn't redo the query so it never sees ('a','c'). As far as PostgresSQL is concerned, ('a','c') is a completely different row from ('a','b') and it was created too late to have any effect on session 2. These transactions aren't serializable but you didn't ask for that. To get intuitive behavior, a delete followed by an insert with the same primary key in the same transaction would have to be treated as a row update, holding onto a single row lock, rather than as two independent rows with different row locks. That's the subtle part: they aren't two versions of the same record. They're two entirely different records, so all bets are off. (In your example, they don't even have the same primary key because no primary key is declared. PostgresSQL doesn't know that k is supposed to be a key; it's just another column.) That range is just the distance you can fly without stopping to refuel. Multi-stop trips can certainly be longer than that, if you have the time. A faster plane will get you there quicker, of course, but they are also much more expensive and harder to fly. That price is for a rather old used plane; newer planes cost much more. Some flying clubs have a variety of planes to rent, though you need to reserve them and more importantly learn to fly them. Yes but those are trivial examples. What about a math library? The type signature isn't going to tell you which trig function to apply. I'm a fan of static typing, but this sort of guessing based on type signatures seems like a bad thing, actually. It's like when people use autocomplete in their IDE and pick anything that looks like it might work, instead of reading the documentation (and maybe the source) to understand what they're using. It's understandable with beginners, but for people who should know better it's willful blindness. Why would you want to sleep? Presumably it's for the health benefits. I do wonder, though, whether the more advanced practices are worth the time. The states described in the article sound a bit alarming rather than helpful. Buses don't require a lot of capital, which is why there are tech company shuttle buses and not tech company train lines. It would make sense to make public buses work better (more dedicated lanes, more expresses, and so on). Also, tech companies are already outsourcing shuttles to contractors. Those contractors could run other lines if someone were willing to pay them. If it made sense for the tech companies to pay the city to run buses then they probably would. The question is how to provide better service while serving the general public. I wonder if a company like Uber would eventually start running buses? Why? What would be the problem with taxing large acquisitions? It seems relatively painless and with little dead-weight loss compared to other taxes. If you don't want to quit Facebook, using it on desktop only in a separate Chrome profile seems like a reasonable way to isolate it. In some cases, it's a speed bump that just ensures that you can do a search and read simple instructions. For example, if you want to turn on Android developers tools, you can find out by searching on "turn on Android developer tools". Basic literacy and ability to search the web is not that high a bar. There are lots of other gotchas you'll have to overcome to be an Android developer; it's not really a nice programming environment for beginners. This is part of a larger trend where programming environments are getting increasingly creaky and complicated. Java started out simple, but it's not anymore. The web started out simple, but it's not anymore. Every so often, development environments need a reboot and I think we're long overdue. The most benign explanation I can think of is to prevent an attacker from using social engineering where they give the victim a command to run in the JavaScript console. Sites with a large number of inexperienced users (including children) have to think about these things. It's a matter of timing. A callback function could be called immediately and you need to be ready for that, so you need to define the callback before passing it in. With a promise, you can call the then() method after the function returns; if the value is ready earlier then it will automatically be cached until you pick it up. The looser requirements on timing result in better decoupling; like any other value, you can put the promise in an arbitrary data structure and pick it up any time later, or perhaps not at all. If you want to do this with callbacks you'll need to implement a way to cache the value and the result will be equivalent to a promise. Here's a really great SF story about the effects of technology on memory (ancient and modern): http://subterraneanpress.com/magazine/fall_2013/the_truth_of... If you're new to the whole concept, Elm has a good example of "lift" used in a somewhat practical application: http://elm-lang.org/learn/What-is-FRP.elm It's many to one, actually. Each range of JavaScript has to be generated by only one line of source, but in the other direction there's no constraint. So a single position in source could map to multiple character locations in JavaScript (for example, due to inlining). However, I don't believe browser debuggers handle this properly yet. The way to understand the spec is that they wanted to enable breakpoints. Breakpoints in debuggers such as Chrome are line-oriented. If the debugger can find the corresponding position in JavaScript and set a breakpoint, the sourcemap did its job. However, there are other issues with sourcemapped breakpoints: https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=333569 I haven't seen the names field actually used by a debugger, so it's somewhat theoretical. You might think of this as the opposite of outsourcing, except these companies do outsource. However, they choose partners with relatively less negotiating power. Uber is an obvious example, but large companies like Apple, Amazon, and Walmart do the same at much larger scale; they can partner with large suppliers as long as they're relatively smaller. This lets them control the user experience better and, not coincidentally, their own profit margins as well. (I'm reminded of Gailbraith's theory of countervailing power, that large retailers arose because they had more buying power than consumers when negotiating with suppliers.) It's somewhat promising that the top-voted comment here was posted and reserves judgement. It sounds like you have a very language-centric view of the world. In practice, deployment is everything. (Why do people write code in Objective C? Because iPhone.) Having a solid implementation for your target platform is very good reason to pick a language. I don't know about OCaml, but generally speaking, there is a foreign function calling interface. You'd typically use it for integrating with large standalone codebases you don't want to rewrite (say, CodeMirror) but typically not for frameworky things. If you're going to use the same UI framework there's not much point in switching languages. Okay, sounds like a misunderstanding about what "web app" means. Sorry about that! I think of a web app as the client side alone, which can be quite a substantial amount of code with something like GMail or Google Maps. Of course on the server side, you can make a mostly-independent choice of language, RPC mechanisms aside. But for the client side, I'd choose a language based on how well it compiles to JavaScript and can use browser API's and JavaScript libraries. I don't know whether OCaml is ahead of Haskell in this space. I've tinkered with Elm a little bit. Apparently the most common approach is to trade for Bitcoin on an exchange and then exchange that for dollars. That's oversimplifying the problem. Even if you use some common parts, it's still designing a new car. Even if you use proven battery tech, it's using it at a different scale. It's only in hindsight that it was reasonable to start a car company in Silicon Valley at all. re: do you know how to actually name functions and variables well (unbelievably important) It's also subjective and can be taught. If I asked people to name some functions in an interview, what would I really learn? Similarly, the other things you mention, while important, don't seem particularly testable. They don't give me anything I can give to the hiring committee to back up my answer. Actually learning something real about a stranger in 45 minutes is pretty hard. Asking them to solve a problem means you can have a technical conversation in front of a whiteboard. It doesn't answer much but it does let me know whether it will be worthwhile asking the candidate to help me solve a tricky problem, or whether they'll be coming to me for help all the time. After all, ideally I'm looking to hire someone smarter than me. Why shouldn't Netflix be their own CDN if they think they can do it better? Why should any CDN have to pay ISPs to deliver bandwidth that the ISP's customers already paid for? It's arguably making fun of people who have gotten a sex change. It's not that hard to get to 1000+ slowly. All you have to do is hang around for years and make the occasional decent comment. If anything this is biased towards old timers. I think you're letting China off too easily. Similar reasoning could be used to justify Russia's invasion of Crimea, or even all of eastern Europe. Having ruled a country before doesn't justify attempting to occupy it again after independence. That's imperialist reasoning. I think someone should ask him whether he's changed his mind. It seems fairly likely; public opinion on gay marriage has changed a lot since 2008. A long time ago I wrote a Firefox plugin to get an XPath: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/xpath-checker... It's open source, so perhaps you could reuse the code from WebDriver: https://code.google.com/p/xpathchecker/ As a GWT maintainer I would be overjoyed if Firefox would simply match Chrome as a solid, fast JavaScript debugger that supports sourcemaps well for large apps. The announced bells and whistles aren't going to help my users if they can't even debug their code. The problem with generic abstractions for doing anything is that it's hard to tell how well they will work for doing specific things. Okay, so maybe you could build something like DNS on it. Does it actually work well for that in practice? How do you know? Similarly for any other application that they briefly mentioned. You only need one "killer app" to prove an abstraction, but you do need one, and it should be front and center. That's an exaggeration. People who haven't traded since the fork haven't lost anything. If it's caught quickly and resolved, only some of the people who did trade since the fork lost something. An obvious workaround would be for the major exchanges to make sure they're on the same fork and stop all trades if anything goes wrong, until it can be fixed. Of course, the secondary effects from loss of reputation are a big problem. I'm not the original poster and I have no evidence to share, but I'll point out that Go executables are often quite large due to static linking. Client-side apps have to worry about code size. This is generally true. On the other hand, interfaces are a good thing, especially in a language like Go where you can explicitly declare them and then pass in anything that happens to match that interface. (In JavaScript, this is unfortunately implicit, so it requires better documentation and sometimes runtime checks to ensure sanity.) If you implement an interface using delegation, you get something quite like subclassing, except that the subclass-superclass interface is explicit and the superclass's type is entirely hidden. Sadly, few languages make this easy so it often requires some boilerplate or meta-programming. It's not that simple if you go beyond surface impressions and common usage. There are in fact many ways to do the same thing in Java and Python, some better than others. Both languages have escape hatches that can be used to extend the language; it just requires more effort. Reflection and annotation processors in Java are very powerful tools; see Guice, Dagger, and AutoValue. Creating something like JQuery is awkward in Java, but it can be done; see GQuery. Java 8 will make functional and callback-heavy DSL's a whole lot easier to build. Python may look like a strict language but it's not. You can redefine just about anything except the core syntax. If you want to make your head spin look into metaclass programming. Haskell is a weird one; statically typed, but extremely expressive. It's very easy for Haskell programmers to define their own obscure notations and like when reading mathematics, you must understand the definition of every symbol or you're lost. One interesting dimension is the attitude towards modifying other people's libraries. In Java, it's easy to build something that nobody else can change unless they fork the library and modify the source or mess with the bytecode. But if you build your own, you can do what you want. In more dynamic languages, you can load someone else's library and muck with it at runtime. Go seems to be headed towards pretty fast and predictable performance rather than the fastest possible performance at the expense of predictability. (For example, the work to replace segmented stacks with contiguous stacks improves performance in some cases but also makes function call performance more predictable.) A JVM can have fast or slow performance depending on JVM flags, warmup time, and the phase of the moon. Yes, PHP and JavaScript show that deployment is everything. A language that works well with your target platform is better than one that doesn't. (With PHP, it was apparently a bit subtle; ISP's can host it easily and it works well with live updates via ftp, and that beat out language features.) Objective C is a third example: It's popular because iPhone. Central banks do control interest rates and the reason this is done is to try to dampen boom and bust cycles. However, there's no right or wrong price of money. A price that's good for most of the "real" economy (seen in unemployment rates) is not so good for deflating speculative investments. Similarly, a price that's good for Germany is not good for Spain. Letting the market decide the price will choose a price. Whether it's the right price depends on your perspective. There's no reason it has to be the right price or even a stable price; see Bitcoin for example.