At a high level, because it would have been directly counterproductive; at a low level, because her cover as an attaché of the US embassy came with diplomatic immunity. This doesn't leave the host country totally unable to respond in the case where a foreign intelligence officer is detected, but it does strictly limit the scope of such response; in practice, the most they can do, and from the sound of it what they did in this case, is declare the offender persona non grata , and put her on the next jet out of Sheremetyevo. Of course, there's nothing that says the host country can't put a captured foreign intelligence officer in prison, or even execute such a person outright, beyond a simple reciprocal convention that such things aren't done. The reason why that generally doesn't happen is the same reason why civilized nations rarely visit atrocities on prisoners of war: a country which unilaterally abrogates such a convention risks having its own personnel treated just as badly. In the case of espionage, there's the further, and major, consideration that any abrogation of diplomatic immunity risks a general breakdown of diplomatic relations, a state of affairs which between civilized nations generally presages the outbreak of warfare. Aside perhaps from a few madmen who never approached real power, no one on either side of the Cold War ever wanted it to turn hot, and the entire edifice of Cold War-era espionage existed precisely to help prevent that misfortune from ever coming to pass. Imprisoning foreign intelligence officers would, therefore, have been actively detrimental to the purposes of the nations which might have done so. Only when I want to, which isn't often because it slows me down. Sometimes it's fun to listen to the dialogue, though. I was rather expecting to find a UI library at the other end of that link, rather than a SaaS offering. Having found the latter, I was disappointed, although given what appears to be increasingly typical practice not surprised, to discover that there's no meaningful information on offer about what the service does or how to integrate with it. It should be possible to find out whether and how I can use your service before I decide whether to sign up for it; otherwise, how am I to know whether it's worth my time to sign up for it at all? It looks like the GA script is itself dynamically loaded, by injecting a script tag into the document. Fetching the document via "view source" won't execute this, which will produce a log entry on the server side that can't be correlated with a GA page view. That'd make it possible to identify page loads which didn't execute Javascript, which is a decent proxy for "tracking this side" unless somebody decides to be a jerk with curl and while (1) {}. With a little forethought and initial investment, you don't have to decide between giving up an iPhone and continuing to pay three figures monthly for the privilege of using it. Consider: Sprint - ostensibly free phone, $120/mo for a 2-year contract: $2880 all told, and you don't have a choice but to pay all of it Ting - $500 up front for 64G iPhone SE, avg. $27.50/mo for the same period: $1160 all told, and you can stop service any time if things get bad enough that you have to Sure, if you can't make the initial nut, it's not an option - but you're talking about being suddenly broke or close to it, which is the situation in which I found myself last year, and which motivated me to put some thought into better options for mobile service. The more I look at it, the more it seems to me that mobile contracts, at least in the US and at least for single phones, are every bit as much for suckers as rent-to-own shops are. *(in June) Can't speak for GP, but I experienced a similar moment of "ok now how do i close this again" before realizing I didn't really need to. But that didn't feel quite right either, like a popup that won't go away once its purpose has been served. Or like checking a footnote, and having a hard time finding my way back to wherever it was referenced. I get that what this library does isn't quite either of those things, but it feels enough like both of them that not being able to un-expound feels a little weird. > Oops! Something has gone horribly wrong! Not terribly helpful. Scanning the visitor's /24 without notice, warning, or opportunity to opt out is a dick move. Our IDS probably just lit up like a Christmas tree. One of OP's early theses is that the left is all about economic class, but can't admit social classes exist, so conflates them with economic class in order to talk about them. If your benchmark for analyzing the modern left is a collection of theorists from a hundred years ago, you're going to misunderstand a lot more than just this. There is now: https://github.com/aaron-em/ten-hundred-mode.el (There was before, under the name "1000-words.el", but it isn't very good, and it also isn't, and can't easily be made, available via MELPA. So I wrote this instead. The PR to add it to MELPA is open and awaiting review; pretty soon you should be able to M-x package-install RET ten-hundred-mode RET and get it.) No, but it might be a whole lot of them. > the key point of emacs is extensibility and customizability This really can't be overstated, or its value emphasized too strongly, and it goes a lot further than your simple statement makes clear. There is literally nothing in Emacs whose source code is not trivially accessible from the editor itself, via the documentation attached to whatever functions or variables are related to the behavior of interest. (Even the C source code is accessible in this way, if you have it somewhere on your system and have told Emacs where to find it. Or, if you build from source, it will remember on its own.) You can access the documentation for anything, including keybindings, with a single command, and follow a hyperlink from there to the Emacs Lisp or C source in which it's implemented. This reduces the mystery of why and how Emacs does what it does effectively to zero. If you don't understand why your last keystroke did what it did, you can find out. (If you're not sure what your last keystroke was, you can find that out too, because Emacs keeps track and will happily show you with M-x view-lossage.) If you don't understand how it did what it did, you can find that out, too. And if you want to modify what it does, there's a wide variety of ways you can do that, as well. Nothing in Emacs is inaccessible; nothing in Emacs is immutable. The only thing that can stop you, or even slow you down, from making Emacs exactly the tool you want it to be, is your own level of understanding and capability - and if you find it lacking, Emacs is there to help, and its community will cheerfully do likewise. (Oh, and the long-form manuals for everything in Emacs are built into Emacs, too.) I've built several Emacs packages, and released a couple on MELPA to quiet but generally positive receptions - nothing particularly big or world-shattering, just small things to make other Emacs users' lives a little easier, or a little more fun. Almost everything I know about extending Emacs, I've been able to learn from Emacs itself, in the course of seven or so years of using Emacs. I can't think of another editor I've ever used, or even heard of, in which that would be possible. Considering the central position a programmer's primary editor occupies in her professional armamentarium, it's hard to imagine any other editor that'd do even half as much as Emacs to help me get my work done. As you say, if I had to work in Java or C#, I'd probably find myself having to use Eclipse or IntelliJ or Visual Studio or what-have-you. It's not going too far to say that one reason I'm largely unwilling to work in those languages is because I wouldn't easily be able to do so in Emacs. That may strike some people as an astonishing assertion, and a foolish attitude toward choice of language. That's reasonable enough, but I misdoubt most experienced Emacs users would find themselves feeling much the same way. In Visual Studio, creating a custom keybinding appears to involve three dropdown menus, a dialog box, and at least two UI controls. In Emacs or Vim, it's a single line of code you add to your initialization file. I think there may be different definitions of "easy" in play here. I'll concede that Visual Studio makes custom keybindings possible , but so does any text editor worthy of even momentary consideration as a professional tool. And I'll take your challenge. Here's something I can do in Emacs: I can take a spreadsheet received from a client, full of intended configuration settings for a custom internal application. I can export it as CSV, load it in Emacs as such, and extract the relevant sections of the content into tables in a plaintext Org-mode document. I can then add a function to that document, in whatever language I choose, which will receive the contents of those tables as structured data in the language's own idiom, and generate the collection of complex SQL statements necessary to implement the desired configuration. From there I can decide whether I want this SQL script inserted into the document I'm writing, or written out to a file that I can copy to a remote host and feed to the SQL monitor. Or I can instead have Emacs itself connect to the target RDBMS and apply the configuration directly. Or any combination of those. And once the document's written, I can do all this with a single keystroke. Another single keystroke exports the document to HTML, so I can share it with the client to demonstrate exactly how their intent has been translated to reality, and with colleagues so they can see what's been done. Perhaps that sounds fantastic to some. For me, it's Thursday before last. It took a little less than an hour. I'm sure Visual Studio suits your needs quite well. I'm glad of that; everyone should have a tool that does what they need it to. But Visual Studio, from all I've seen of it, does very little to expand the scope of what you can do. Those of us who are fond of Emacs or Vim are so because, by comparison with something like Visual Studio, Emacs and Vim give you superpowers. Nope. This isn't a migration; it's one-off data population. Fluent Migrator can do that, from its documentation, but it wouldn't be required, and since this isn't a migration, Fluent Migrator doesn't really bring anything to the table that I can see. So you're building a custom software project in your language of choice, with all the overhead that implies. In the workflow I described, you create a file and activate Org-mode. (Or just create a file whose name ends with ".org".) There's also the documentation task, which has to include the source data and resulting SQL script, as well as the transformation code. I'm not seeing anything here that would simplify that in the slightest; you'd have to either write the HTML document by hand, or write code to generate HTML. In the workflow I described, all that code is already written, and you can invoke it with a single keystroke. And beyond that, there's the matter of data ingestion. You're starting from CSVs, so you have to read those and parse them just to have the data you need to work with in a form which you can use. Any serious language has a CSV parsing library, of course, so that's not a difficult task in its own right, but it's still more code you have to write, and more effort you have to put in - selecting a CSV parser, adding it to the project, learning its API, et cetera. In the workflow I described, it's a copy-paste operation. Don't get me wrong - I didn't say, or assume, that anything I described couldn't be done in Visual Studio. But at this point we're talking about, what, a few hours at least? And you're spending a fair chunk of that time on overhead, especially in document generation. You have to find, vet, and install libraries, write or modify a bunch of code, and so forth. By the time you're done, you've probably had to spend the better part of a day on this one task. In the workflow I described, the only code I needed to write was that in which I expressed the actual transformation from tabular data to SQL statements. Everything else, Emacs and Org-mode took care of for me; all I needed to know was how to invoke capabilities already present. And I had the job done and dusted in less than an hour, with plenty of time left in my day for other work. That's what I mean when I say Emacs and Vim give you superpowers - not that there's anything you can do in one of those editors that (with enough effort) you can't do in another environment, but that those editors are better than anything else (at least anything else I or anyone I know has ever encountered) at helping you get more done, faster, without having to spend time on ancillaries that distract you from the meat of the task at hand. I don't disagree with you, exactly, but whoever theorizes that needs to study recent history; Lister was never a battlefield surgeon. It's a subset, and the Blub paradox applies. For one thing, Org isn't a plugin; it's part of the Emacs distribution, rather than something you have to explicitly install. All you need to do to use all the functionality I described is install Emacs and start it up. For another, Emacs doesn't actually have a plugin system, per se. Instead of the usual headache, where a program written in language A exposes a lossy subset of itself to plugins written in language B, Emacs just exposes all of the language in which it itself is written, and you can do what you like. The usual distinction between first-class application code and second-class plugin code doesn't exist. There's just Emacs Lisp code, any of which can freely interact with any other Emacs Lisp code running in the same process space, including effectively all of Emacs itself. You can add new code by installing packages from a repository, which you can do in a single command if you know the name of the plugin you want. (If you don't, there's a searchable list.) Or you can do it by opening an Emacs Lisp buffer, writing some code, and evaluating it - again, with a single keystroke. If you like it and want to keep it around, save it to a file: boom, it's a "plugin". Add a line to your init file to load it, and it's a "plugin" you're using. Or you can just drop your new code into your init file directly, because your init file is - you guessed it - just Emacs Lisp code, that happens to be in a file Emacs will load and execute when it starts up. As I said before, the Blub paradox applies: it's easy to recognize something less powerful than what you're familiar with as such, but something more powerful just looks weird. From the sound of it, Emacs looks very weird to you. It did to me, too, before I started using it. Now I won't willingly use anything else. Perhaps I'm just very weird, too. Does the universe agree? > Org-mode is a better Markdown than Markdown integrated with a multi-format publication generation capability. It can even export to Markdown! (And I'll only author in Markdown under duress anymore.) It's funny that you chose the phrase "Magic Things". Before I settled on the "superpower" metaphor, I was going to talk about the times when I've done things with Emacs, in and out of Org-mode, that have made my colleagues say things like "wow, that's really cool" or "holy shit how did you even just do that". I opted not to because I figured it would sound like bragging, on the one hand, and on the other because you can do things in Emacs that really do have to be seen to be believed. But "magic" is the word I was going to use. (It's not always an advantage, either. I've had people show contempt for things like Org-mode tables, on the assumption that because they're rendered in text, they can't possibly be anything other than text, and I must be wasting insane amounts of time making columns line up and the like. I used to work for one of those people. I'm really glad I don't work for him any more.) The problems you've described make sense. They're not problems I have because I generally don't exit Emacs (and I don't use it on the command line, but in server mode with GUI clients), but if I did, I'd want to come back to the same environment I left. Changes you know you want to keep, you can add to your initialization code so that they're reapplied on the next startup, but that's not the same, and it doesn't cover ephemera at all. Which editor are you used to using that does , though? I ask because I'd like to experiment with it a little and see what it does and, to the extent possible, how it does so, because that seems like a useful capability for Emacs to have, and one of the nice things about Emacs is that it offers a programming environment flexible enough to support most other editors' "hey, neat" capabilities - the Sublime minimap, for instance. Incidentally, C-x 8 is by default bound to a keymap that includes a lot of glyphs not often found on keyboards. You can insert £ with C-x 8 L, which might be more convenient than M-x tom/insert-sterling-symbol RET. Not OP, but I recently installed the Emacs flavor of the widely used Emmet HTML generation tool, and I found myself wanting to customize some aspects of its behavior so that they better suited our in-house style. I could've edited the Emmet source code in place, but to do so would've meant losing my customizations next time I upgraded the package. I could have forked it, but that would mean having to manually merge changes into the fork every time a new release comes out. Instead, after a couple hours of reading the Emmet source and fiddling around in an Emacs Lisp buffer, I ended up with this: (defcustom emmet-verticalize-html-attributes nil "Whether to verticalize attributes in HTML tags. \"Verticalize\" here means to separate each pair of attributes by newline and enough indentation to line up the first character of attribute names. For example, the unverticalized production when verticalized becomes " :type 'boolean :group 'emmet) (defcustom emmet-verticalize-minimum-attributes 3 "The minimum number of attributes required for verticalization. If a tag has fewer than this many attributes. they will not be verticalized, even when verticalization is enabled. Values less than 2 have no effect, since verticalization only has an effect on tags with at least two attributes." :type 'integer :group 'emmet) (defun emmet-verticalize-html-tag (orig &rest args) (let ((html (apply orig args)) (attribute-count 0)) (if (null emmet-verticalize-html-attributes) html (save-match-data (with-temp-buffer (insert html) (html-mode) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "^\\ "))) (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "\\w[\\w\\d_-]+\\=\\\".*?\\\"" ) nil t)) (setq attribute-count (1+ attribute-count)) (and (not (looking-at (pcre-to-elisp "\\/?>"))) (newline-and-indent)))) (indent-region (point-min) (point-max)) (if (>= attribute-count emmet-verticalize-minimum-attributes) (buffer-substring-no-properties (point-min) (point-max)) html)))))) (advice-add 'emmet-make-html-tag :around #'emmet-verticalize-html-tag) (defcustom emmet-indent-html t "Whether or not to indent generated HTML according to the same rules used by `html-mode'. When non-nil, Emmet-generated HTML will be indented via `html-mode', with a newline after every closing angle bracket. When nil, Emmet-generated HTML won't be post-processed in this way. (The version of Emmet I'm using, 1.0.8, applies no indentation whatsoever.)" :type 'boolean :group 'emmet) (defun emmet-indent-html-snippet (html) (if (not emmet-indent-html) html (save-match-data (with-temp-buffer (insert html) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (and (re-search-forward (pcre-to-elisp "\\>") nil t) (not (eobp))) (newline)) (goto-char (point-min)) (while (search-forward "\n\n" nil t) (replace-match "\n" nil t)) (html-mode) (indent-region (point-min) (point-max)) (buffer-substring-no-properties (point-min) (point-max)))))) (advice-add 'emmet-make-html-tag :filter-return #'emmet-indent-html-snippet) ...which not only implements the behavior I desire, and does so without modifying the original source or breaking my ability to upgrade Emmet, but also adds customization options to those provided by stock Emmet, so that I can adjust the way my Emmet extensions behave without having to touch the code. (Not that touching the code is any great hardship, but it's nice to be able to adjust the way these extensions behave in the same interface I use to make other minor adjustments to the way Emmet works.) Shortly after I copied that code into the Emacs buffer I'm using (via Firefox's "It's All Text!" extension) to edit this comment, but before posting, I inadvertently killed Emacs's message buffer, which contains a running log of everything displayed in the editor's echo area. I wasn't prompted for confirmation before killing that buffer, but I felt I should've been. So I opened an Emacs Lisp buffer and wrote this: (defun defend-message-buffer (kill-fun &rest args) (let* ((buf (car args)) (buf-name (if (stringp buf) buf (substring-no-properties (buffer-name buf))))) (if (string= buf-name "*Messages*") (and (yes-or-no-p "Really kill the message buffer? ") (funcall kill-fun buf)) (funcall kill-fun buf)))) (advice-add 'kill-buffer :around #'defend-message-buffer) And now I am. An interesting article and a fascinating perspective. What happens when the smarts in your "smart home" don't necessarily answer to you? And if Vim or Emacs couldn't do soft line wrapping, you'd have a point. It happens at the same time you need to throw a punch in order to land it on the boss, not at the same time the boss is about to throw a punch. It's not periodic, so the idea that the displayed behavior is mere coincidence is implausible at best. > if I want to use a one-character password, that's my business It's really not. Depending on the service, someone who guesses your weak password and compromises your account may very well be able to injure more people than just you. The plugin API doesn't make it look likely. Look into Dash. Even if you don't want to pay for the application (or can't run it on your platform), the docsets are free and ISTR there are some editor integrations for them that don't involve the paid app. Doubtful. The set of people willing to do business with a thumb-fingered goober like this one is likely disjoint with the set of HN readers. Considering that, if this isn't a troll, he wiped out his entire business with a single command, I think you're giving him too much credit here. Which model? I'm in the market for a couple of new displays, and if they've come out with a lemon, I'd like to avoid it. Visual Studio integrates well with the capabilities of C++ and of languages that run on the CLR. Outside that realm, it can do little or nothing for you. Emacs integrates well with the same capabilities in almost any language that provides them - even C#. See the difference? "The idea of the plugin is to prevent users without technical background from changing the page HTML. For example. many eCommerce customers change the price of the product using dev tools and send a screenshoot." Yeah, good luck with that. > What is the point of speed reading a novel? Well, if it's a recent Honor Harrington novel, to skip over all the stuff you already know is going on because it's been covered in pretty much exhaustive detail in the last four or five books too. David Weber is a man in desperate need of an editor. > Learning emacs and vim from decades old documentation is quite a journey. Can't speak for Vim, but the Emacs documentation has hardly succumbed to the sort of obsolescence your description of it implies. (It's also built in to the editor, and reachable via M-x info.) You might want to take a look at it, before you go on consigning novices unfortunate enough to heed your bad advice to the hell that is Stack Overflow. (And if you're going to point people in even that general direction, at least point them at Emacs SE, which unlike SO isn't overrun with garbage and lies.) Apropos and describe-{function,variable,key} argument expansion can help a lot here. You wouldn't, because you can't be sure you've found the last value satisfying the predicate until you reach the end of the list. To do it lazily, you'd have to reverse the list first, but that's O(n), so not practical with very long lists. Javascript will short-circuit in && and the ternary operator, too. But that's not really the same as lazy evaluation, which both is more general and happens in a different context; ES6 generators, for example, are lazy, which means that any sequence function in which one is used is lazy as well. Indent your code snippets with a minimum of four spaces and they will be rendered as preformatted, monospaced text. Vertically adjacent lines thus indented will be rendered as a single block. Commodity computer hardware, to say nothing of AWS, hasn't been around nearly so long as our habit of skimping on infrastructure funding. > That's a classic slippery slope, isn't it? Korea spent thirty-five years occupied by imperial Japan, a regime never much noted for the softness of its grip, and after the war, was partitioned and the northern part given directly into the hands of the Soviet Union as a proto-Cold War quid pro quo . That's not so much what you could call a "slippery slope", as it is torture and brainwashing on a societal, rather than an individual, scale. Yes, and the trains run on time, too. > As a non-American, seeing young children reciting the pledge of allegiance in unison is downright creepy. The practice dates from the heyday of Hitlerism, and arguably springs from much the same sort of motivation - and it's creepy enough before you read about the Bellamy salute. Do you mean "opprobrium"? Approbation is praise. "Centralized" doesn't mean you rely on Github or Google or Microsoft or whoever, although you can. It means you handle authentication and authorization with a service that does that job, instead of shared secrets or "well, it's on this VLAN, it must be OK". You can run your own OAuth2 (or whatever) provider pretty easily these days. That's not a backport, that's just a port. Backporting would be converting XBox One games to run on the 360. I've done the same, on OS X yet, and had no trouble. Unfortunately, fb2k ended up being unsuitable for my purposes for other reasons - namely, that it can't handle self-signed TLS certificates, and probably never will be able to because the developer doesn't care about that use case. I still use it at home, but for remote streaming I've found Subsonic to be an amazingly effective solution, not least thanks to the excellent iSub app. What's the actual difference between Subsonic and Madsonic? I haven't been able to find any more detailed description than "[Madsonic] adds features and bug fixes", which is hardly helpful. Not only a bad media player, but one which the OS ties so tightly to the keyboard's media control functions that there seems no reliable way of prying them loose. Not my biggest OS X annoyance, but easily in the top five. "If you're not paying for the product..." Well, yes, I'm not completely ignorant of how TLS works, so that was of course my first thought on discovering fb2k lacked any interface by which I could tell it to trust my server cert. That's why, in the process of investigating the issue, I added the root CA cert I'd created, and used to sign the server cert, to the Windows certificate store. That was enough to stop applications using the Windows TLS stack, such as Internet Explorer, from complaining any longer about being unable to verify the certificate. It didn't change anything about fb2k's behavior, though, which led me to surmise that fb2k was doing something wonky in its TLS implementation. On the other hand, there's a forum thread from late last year [1] in which the fb2k developer appears to have addressed the issue at least in part, by making it possible to whitelist hosts and thus bypass certificate validity checking. That's...hardly ideal, but it would probably have solved my problem, if it existed four years ago when I last tried to get this working. The same thread includes more information on the same kind of problem I was having; from it I can surmise that if I'd created an empty CRL and had my root CA cert point to it, I probably would've been able to get it working. Would've been nice to know that four years ago, too. But it looks like I'd have needed to hook the process with a debugger and monitor system calls to find out about it, and I wanted to listen to music more than I wanted to use unfamiliar tools to debug unfamiliar API calls made by an opaque binary blob. In any case, if I'd gotten fb2k working four years ago, I probably wouldn't have been motivated to keep hunting for a solution until I found Subsonic, which serves my remote-streaming purposes better than fb2k ever will. So however frustrating it was at the time, it's been all to the good in the long run. [1] https://hydrogenaud.io/index.php/topic,110065.0.html > Why is it some people are incapable of discussing Germany without tiresomely invoking the Nazis? I know, right? You'd think slaughtering a few million people in half a decade or so was some kind of big deal, or something. Completely unrelated? A German government legislates the use of technology to make identifying and tracking its citizens easier, and you can't see how people draw the comparison? As for your invidious attempt to distract from said comparison by slinging mud, I'll just point out that you're severely underplaying your hand here - a goodly fraction of what went into Hitlerism, not least the theory and practice of eugenics, originated with Progressive Era luminaries of the United States. Indeed, our nation might've gone much the same way as yours, were it not for the benefit of Germany's salutary, if horrible, example. What features? What bugs? I haven't been able to find any substantive answer to either question. Until I do, I see no reason to care about Madsonic. Centralization and slack are inversely proportional. If everybody is reliably and unambiguously identified from birth by a single government-issued and -maintained key, and that government turns against its citizens (or is overthrown, compromised, et cetera), you're basically hosed. Neat, thanks. If you're anything to do with Madsonic development, you might think about making that comparison page a lot easier to find. It doesn't seem to be linked anywhere very much. I'm also uncertain how "optional video player" isn't listed as a Subsonic feature, when 5.x (and I think later 4.x as well) can stream video. I mean, I've actually streamed video from my Subsonic 5 instance, so... How on Earth did anyone get through that entire article without using the phrase "skin in the game"? I'm not sure whether to be impressed or disappointed. Only a hundred megabytes? You're getting off light there. I went to install the latest Nvidia CUDA driver the other day, and it's a gigabyte download. > there is a "smugness" associated with Hillary Clinton and a "smugness" associated w/ critics of Clintonism such as Thomas Frank and those aren't the same thing That's just internecine strife between the centrist and radical wings of the party. Contempt for those who don't embrace the same precepts they do is common to both. Dup checking seems like it should've caught this: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11545169 I've heard a few people express concerns around whether they actually own Steam games, and whether those games might suddenly be pulled or otherwise made unavailable without the courtesy of a purchase price refund. I'm not entirely unsympathetic, but on the other hand, to the best of my knowledge that's never actually happened, so... Indent each line by four or more spaces. The markup documentation is linked from the FAQ, and the FAQ is linked from the bottom of each page. I know. That's Amazon, though, not Steam. General-purpose channels on IRC seem to fall into two categories: on the one hand, small and populated by mutual acquaintances who view un-vouched-for outsiders with suspicion; on the other, gigantic, purposeless, and either dead idle or too busy to keep up with. Starting from scratch, you're better off looking for channels relevant to your specific interests, and branching out from there. > Why do I have to become dishonest to cancel a service? Because the service provider is dishonest already. Bank of America has them; their Apple Pay support is built on them. You can create one directly via their online banking interface, although it's pretty deeply buried and (IIRC) requires Flash, which is weird. Whether it's okay to lie to them has no obvious bearing on whether it's necessary. Where did you learn morality? A shallow reading of the New Testament? Like all such processes, this one is defined by people, and implemented mostly in terms of a set of actions available to those employees of the corporation who handle cancellation requests. Telling such a person that you're deaf, and thus unable to communicate by voice telephone, is no less a lie because that person happens to be acting on behalf of his employer. If your morality forbids lying, then this lie violates it no less than any other. There seems to me a somewhat troubling trend of reaction to the widely derided "corporate personhood" principle in law, by deliberately depersonalizing such "persons" to an extent which appears to me to increasingly include not only the "corporate person" per se , but the actual people persons who constitute that corporation, and who implement and act upon its policies - to regard the modern corporation as a faceless alien behemoth, after all, is of necessity to overlook the fact that it is an organization of people, in theory (if to a somewhat greater extent than in practice) around a common goal. Your comment here is squarely in this line. "There's no person there", after all, is blatantly erroneous: of course there is a person there, otherwise there'd be no one to whom to worry about lying. It's been a while since I last reread The Authoritarians , but I seem to remember this kind of depersonalization being a significant theme in its analysis of how your category of authoritarian followers become willing to countenance human rights abuses. In that light, it surprises me to see you express a perspective which includes precisely that kind of elision, and I'm curious whether you see a substantive difference where I do not. Presumably the first statement refers to make and model, rather than quantity, in which an increase is implied by the increase in number of drives. If it means that much to you, why not add host file entries to point GA's DNS records at 0.0.0.0 or something else invalid? If you don't trust that either, supplement it with packet filter rules to drop traffic heading to the IP addresses to which those names (currently) resolve. Switching platforms seems like a major overreaction here. Ads which you'll no doubt block anyway. Not seeing the issue here. 'Who', not 'whom'. 'Who' is subjective or nominative case, 'whom' objective; the parallel is 'they' vs. 'them', or 'he' vs 'him'. You wouldn't say 'them don't typically side with the government'. In general, if you're not familiar and comfortable with the grammatical rules around pronoun case, don't use 'whom' at all, and stick with the more common pronouns whose correct usage you'll have learned by osmosis. I thought differences of culture were something to be celebrated. Did I misunderstand? You seem to be saying that one of those propositions is prima facie absurd, but I'm not seeing it. Who would disagree that checking corruption in industry is a primary function of government? Is it more important to you to use that specific term, or to get your point across? Because the one seems to be getting in the way of the other, is the point that's under discussion here. > Bottom line is: Singapore is not for everyone. This seems an oddly difficult proposition to grasp for a lot of people who have never lived in, visited, or been anywhere near Singapore, nor have any plans to do so. > I have never heard a single Singaporean show strong confidence or trust in their government This is oddly phrased. Have you ever heard a single Singaporean express the converse? You really can't mention that question without totally spoiling the book. "More than half of a tiny and almost certainly unrepresentative fraction of Singaporeans" would be a more accurate description. Arguing from headlines seems like it must be an uncomfortable place to be. The CIA World Factbook estimates a 1.5% net immigration rate for Singapore in 2015. They don't seem to break out immigration vs. emigration, so I'm not sure how frequently people leave, but a quick glance at Google results for "singapore emigration" suggests people leave frequently enough for some pundits to consider it a problem, which makes it seem improbable that doing so is all that difficult. Quis custodiet , et cetera. If they're in my ears, how do they have sufficient cell surface area and incidence angle? Do I have antennae sticking out the sides of my head like a 1950s movie alien? Outlets are cheap and easy to wire. Running low-voltage cable throughout your house to supply USB ports in outlet panels isn't - especially since, at least in the US, you can't run HV and LV cable in the same conduits and still pass inspection. (Nor should you! Suddenly having 120VAC@10A on a USB port's power pins is a Bad Thing.) Apple devices have generally excellent DACs as well - to the point where it's basically a waste of money to buy an external DAC. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that there are Android devices with good onboard DACs, but I also wouldn't be surprised to learn that such devices are at the high end of their manufacturers' ranges and come at a premium price. You started out talking about wireless headphones. What cables? But that's just the point. If you have real-world users reacting to your real-world interface in the same way that TNG's scripted users (generally) react to their prop interface, you're probably doing something right. I'm not sure whether, in all the brouhaha over this lawsuit, anyone has paid much attention to the fan film around which it revolves. "Star Trek: Axanar" is currently in production for a mid-2016 release, and the short film/long trailer, "Prelude to Axanar", is a remarkable piece of work in its own right. Don't let the "fan film" label put you off, either; these are professionally produced works, with a compelling storyline and real actors (some of whom will be familiar to fans of the BSG reboot and/or Star Trek: Enterprise ), and their take on the Star Trek universe should be a breath of fresh air for anyone frustrated with either Roddenberry's unrealistically optimistic perspective on humanity's future, or JJ Abrams' "lens flare all the things!" brodown. If you're a Star Trek fan at all, you owe it to yourself to at least give Prelude to Axanar a watch: https://youtu.be/1W1_8IV8uhA (And as an old Babylon 5 fan, I'm delighted they included a sly reference to that show in Prelude , too. See if you can catch it!) I did! Thanks for catching that. It is dishonest to represent this as an instance of "the search engine police" turning up as a result of NSA snooping. From the NY Daily News article you linked: >“Somewhere out there, someone was watching,” Michele Catalano wrote on the “Medium” blog[...] > The Suffolk County Police Department said it sent detectives to her East Meadow home Wednesday after a Bay Shore-based computer company reported suspicious computer searches by a “recently released” employee. > “We found out ... that the searches involved also things my husband looked up at his old job,” Catalano wrote Thursday night in a separate blog post on “Open Areas,” her personal site. In sum: Mr. Catalano and his former employer got into a flap presumably related in some way to the employer becoming "former"; said employer, which sounds like a pretty lousy place to work if this is the kind of shit they pull, tried to SWAT the Catalanos in the best 4chan style; Mrs. Catalano, seeing an opportunity to grab some headlines and maybe a touch of lasting notoriety for her otherwise entirely forgettable online presence, made this out to be something almost entirely other than what it was; the post-Snowden online media grabbed hold of it for five minutes, then realized how they'd been played and turned on Mrs. Catalano [1] for thinking she could put one over on them. I don't see how the case against ubiquitous Internet surveillance can be effectively bolstered with dishonest representations of rather trivial events. [1] http://www.wired.com/2013/08/pressure-cooker/ > If they had a book with them they'd read that You can fit lots of books on a phone! As were some Palm OS devices before them - those with 480x320 screens, at least. (They weren't good for much else!) I dunno. The driving force behind it is Alec Peters, who is basically doing it because he's a huge Star Trek fan. So I think the "fan film" label is not entirely unfair, although in this case it needs the disclaimer I gave it regarding quality. Selling the finished film would probably give CBS a stronger basis for suing, but I haven't seen anything to even suggest that Peters or Axanar Productions plan to do so. I'd be interested to know of any evidence to the contrary. There's a reasonable distinction to be drawn between trying to make money off the production, and using Kickstarter to crowdsource the capital necessary to make the production at all. As far as I can tell, Axanar has remained solidly in the latter camp. Is there anything to show otherwise? Debit cards are extremely popular in the US; every checking account by default comes with one, which can be used in any ATM or till that can process transactions on either a credit or a debit network. It is by far the most common means of paying for purchases, and has been so since the advent of the capability. (And, yes, we're getting chip-and-PIN now, too.) I didn't get my first checking account (and bank card, which only worked in ATMs) until I attained legal majority and started my first adult job, but that was quite a few years ago now. I would be entirely unsurprised to learn that many, many teenagers today have bank accounts and debit cards of their own, even if it's only their allowance that gets deposited there. > I'm 33 and grew up in the Bible belt. Looking back, I'm shocked at how good my Sex Ed was. So did I, and so am I. Ours consisted mainly in a full-color slideshow of various genitals horribly mutilated by unchecked venereal disease, with absolutely nothing held back. Granted, as teenagers, most of us found it as fascinating as we did appalling, and I can attest to the fact that it did little to discourage our burgeoning interest in sexual activity. But it wasn't what you would call useful . It's no concern of mine if someone else's business model is that badly broken. > They don't care about analyzing the likely outcome of the case had he lived, it's brought up to share anger and outrage over the injustice. Precisely. He didn't have to kill himself, and if he'd put a bit more forethought into what he was doing, we'd probably be discussing this in a thread around an interview with him rather than with Ms. Elbakyan. But nobody wants to hear that, because it detracts from the story of this generation's Bobby Fischer. If your framework is trust rather than critical analysis, you're going to get suckered no matter what news media you choose to consume. Which matters more: that they do something right, or that they do it for the right reasons? Or: Which matters more to you, that they help people, or that their hearts are pure? > Sometimes I think RMS would be happier if the web had just stopped development after the release of the Mosaic browser. Or before. He doesn't really [1] browse the web: > I generally do not connect to web sites from my own machine, aside from a few sites I have some special relationship with. I usually fetch web pages from other sites by sending mail to a program (see git://git.gnu.org/womb/hacks.git) that fetches them, much like wget, and then mails them back to me. Then I look at them using a web browser, unless it is easy to see the text in the HTML page directly. I usually try lynx first, then a graphical browser if the page needs it (using konqueror, which won't fetch from other sites in such a situation). [1] https://stallman.org/stallman-computing.html Poe's law is in full effect with Dr. Stallman. At least there's a plausible route and mechanism there. How do you see this applying to an uncle? TED talks are a great example. It's the New Scientist. The WTF is implicit. "Seems". You can't know what fraction of your remaining 900 had cancer but weren't diagnosed with it for any of a wide variety of reasons, from death through misadventure, through false negative, to simple loss to followup. Clinical studies are designed to exclude such confounding outcomes. It's very difficult to see how any study of this data could be designed to do likewise. If you want a reliable result, yes. Consider: I may have a medical record that doesn't indicate knee issues because I have correctly been diagnosed with no knee issues. Or I may have such a record because I have been incorrectly so diagnosed, despite the presence of knee issues. Or I may have such a record because I haven't been to a doctor about my knee issues in the years since they've developed, and so no opportunity has arisen for my knee issues to be documented. Simply from a medical record reflecting no evidence of knee issues, you cannot know which of these, if any, is true. As I mentioned in a reply to your neighbor comment, clinical studies are designed to exclude such confounders as these - and that's a considerable part of why such studies are so expensive to design and carry out. It's very difficult to see how such exclusion could be achieved with data of the quality which seems to be involved here. > you will either see the patient in there or in a death index Or you won't see any new information for the patient, because the patient is lost to followup. Or - worse - you'll see new information, but it'll be invisibly erroneous, because random GPs don't work to the standard that physicians administering examinations in clinical studies do. > 50M people will provide a lot of robustness that you wouldn't see in a 1000 patient trial Not if the 1000-patient trial is well designed, and the data of those 50M people is totally uncontrolled and unverified. This isn't warfare - Stalin's dictum has no place here. You can't overcome the flaws of a dirty dataset by adding more dirty data to it, especially when you literally cannot know either the magnitude or the nature of the inaccuracy, or even tell what's accurate from what's not. Results from the ENCODE consortium, and this result in particular, must not be considered in a vacuum. In particular, review Graur et al.'s comprehensive analysis and rebuttal: "On the immortality of television sets: "function" in the human genome according to the evolution-free gospel of ENCODE." [1] The abstract: > A recent slew of ENCyclopedia Of DNA Elements (ENCODE) Consortium publications, specifically the article signed by all Consortium members, put forward the idea that more than 80% of the human genome is functional. This claim flies in the face of current estimates according to which the fraction of the genome that is evolutionarily conserved through purifying selection is less than 10%. Thus, according to the ENCODE Consortium, a biological function can be maintained indefinitely without selection, which implies that at least 80 - 10 = 70% of the genome is perfectly invulnerable to deleterious mutations, either because no mutation can ever occur in these "functional" regions or because no mutation in these regions can ever be deleterious. This absurd conclusion was reached through various means, chiefly by employing the seldom used "causal role" definition of biological function and then applying it inconsistently to different biochemical properties, by committing a logical fallacy known as "affirming the consequent," by failing to appreciate the crucial difference between "junk DNA" and "garbage DNA," by using analytical methods that yield biased errors and inflate estimates of functionality, by favoring statistical sensitivity over specificity, and by emphasizing statistical significance rather than the magnitude of the effect. Here, we detail the many logical and methodological transgressions involved in assigning functionality to almost every nucleotide in the human genome. The ENCODE results were predicted by one of its authors to necessitate the rewriting of textbooks. We agree, many textbooks dealing with marketing, mass-media hype, and public relations may well have to be rewritten. [1] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23431001 Surely not. Who wouldn't be grateful to live so long? tl;dr: "I really miss Python's bondage and discipline, so I'm going back to it, and I'm going to hate on Node on my way out because I genuinely can't wrap my head around the idea of a paradigm other than the one with which I'm familiar and comfortable." It's not even about Node. It's about anything that isn't Python, and doesn't have the Python community's strong "there is exactly one way to do it" tradition. I'm glad OP has realized that's what works for him. It's a shame he lacks the perspective to understand that it's about him. Given the distribution restrictions cited in the document's opening pages, its public dissemination seems questionably lawful at best, albeit fully in keeping with the activist nature of the FAS. It's a federal project. How likely do you think it is that there'll be no vulnerabilities which a review of the source code could expose? Spoken like someone who's never been anywhere near the US federal procurement and implementation process for software. > You get $700 / month from the government for basic income. I thought the idea was that it be enough to live on. You mean the clothes and the electronics made by Asian indentured workers in conditions close to outright slavery? I mean, don't get me wrong, I participate in the modern economy as much as the next guy, and the man who eats meat is brother to the butcher. But let's not get starry-eyed imagining that robots make our trousers and smartphones. Even if it were - which is, for the aforementioned reasons, doubtful - it would not be worth turning over the medical records of 50M people to an unregulated private company without so much as a by-your-leave. He really hasn't. His ordinary proof has already been debunked, repeatedly and in detail, so now he's spinning a bunch of bullshit to convince the foolishly credulous they should trust him in spite of the plain facts of the matter. I'm not sure why Andresen's reputation has anything to do with the presence or absence of irrefutable cryptographic proof. In the event, such proof is not merely absent but has been shown to be falsified , which is both dispositive of bad faith on Wright's part, and totally in keeping with his own reputation. He's a con man. This is a con. What more do you need, a couple stone tablets and a mountaintop? Only if you opt not to use strict dependency injection, and strict DI has been best practice for quite a while now. Yes, and it's scoped by either domain or (rarely used) types from the schema.org ontology. You can't use it to just search the web. Neat. Now it's just a matter of dealing with the absurdly low free usage limit and absurdly expensive paid tier. Photoshop-driven development is still a common practice in the mobile space? That's horrifying. That doesn't impugn the model. Using Bootstrap to cover the 90% case, rather than building from scratch, lets you spend more time and effort on solid UX, rather than having to reinvent basic UI from the ground up. Nope. You have to pay .005 BTC to register a document. And who forced Wright to claim he was Satoshi? > it still sounds like a legitimate suicide note "Sounds". Let's not forget the guy's a con man. No, they're the "social sharing" scores from the strip along the left hand side of the article page. If you're not very careful about how you highlight the title of the article, you'll get them too when you copy and paste. They aren't part of the title and will presumably be removed when a moderator notices. Possible you live in a bubble. (Or more than possible. I mean, you're treating Reddit as representative.) I've seen a couple of custom-assembled vapes out and about, and a hell of a lot of gas station disposables. Because I don't want to breathe your diacetyl and propylene glycol mist any more than you want to breathe my cigarette smoke. No doubt. After all, it plainly doesn't suit your prejudice on the matter. Mind those goalposts, now. We're talking about no-smoking areas, not no-driving streets. When asthmatics start leaving thick, persistent clouds of inhaler mist behind them as they walk, you'll have a point there. But my totally scientific survey of the Head-Fi forums says you're wrong! More specifically, the problem is the combination of Ruby making it very easy to monkey-patch and apply magic, and a community which more or less ubiquitously encourages gem authors to use those facilities as promiscuously as they like. Either in isolation would be dangerous; the combination is lethal. Not OP, but my guess is that would count as "in the weeds right off the bat"; the impression I get is that a lot of Rails's value proposition revolves around being able to start using it without actually needing to know or understand very much. (Which is not a bad thing, exactly! Its power as a rapid prototyping tool comes in large part from this trait. Unfortunately, so does its strong tendency to produce unmaintainable code.) Sunrise, sunset? It's showing you the one you asked for. "Invasive" here is a term of medical art, referring specifically to entry into the body. Sampling exhaled VOCs in free air is thus non-invasive in the medical sense. However long it takes to go from academic proof of concept to commercial product, and not a minute longer. The on-screen keyboard belongs to the app, which therefore knows about anything you type with the keyboard, and in theory could transmit that information to Google. I'd be amazed to see that get past App Store review, though. Unless you walk around wearing a license plate around your neck, I'm not sure how it's relevant here. Why would it need to be changed to force interconnectedness of email? Email has always been federated. I don't get your objection here. Not only does high-performance mode eliminate OS-level confounders that would otherwise render consumption deltas highly questionable, it does so in a way that produces worst-case results. What exactly are you complaining about? What about all the extra server round trips that have to happen when you build for the 1997 web? Do those save power? Not only that, but now you have a solid natural language parser to tell whether you need the optional 'e' before the 'y' in the first word! If you mean mobile device emulation, it's the second icon from the left on the dev tools toolbar, or Ctrl-Shift-M while the dev tools are open. It doesn't work very well in my experience, but it's there. No, not that Winamp, the pre-AOL one. It got worse after AOL bought Nullsoft, I grant, but it wasn't anything special before; it might've been the best of a bad lot, but nostalgia aside, that doesn't make it good . The Thunderbolt adapter is $30. USB adapters are even cheaper. Given how rarely I find myself actually using Ethernet on my MBP, I'm perfectly happy to trade off the need for a dongle for a laptop half as thick as it would have to be to fit an internal Ethernet port. Another +1 for Ting. I signed up back in February or so and they've been just brilliant across multiple phones, including one situation where, due to a replacement for bogued hardware, the IMEI changed but the ICCID didn't - their website doesn't handle that very well, but their customer support took care of it via website chat in five minutes, which certainly counts as a win. I'm paying a third what I was with Sprint, and even buying the phone up front, I come out ahead; if you're looking for a better option, and Sprint has coverage where you are, Ting is definitely worth a look. The Pro line offers considerably beefier processors and graphics chipsets, and more memory, than the Air or just-plain-MacBook lines do. I don't know what kind of very serious work you're talking about that can't be done at all with less than 150Mbps symmetric, not even for a minute - but in a decade and a half in this industry, I have yet to meet anyone who does it. So I'm willing to surmise that it's a very serious niche specialty, whatever it is. You'll probably have to sink considerable money into whatever laptop you want to do this kind of very serious work on, but you'll be happy to know that Thunderbolt 2 can handily support 10Gbps, and such interfaces are readily available. Of course, they come at a premium price, but you're getting paid well enough for your very serious work that that doesn't pose you a major problem, I'm sure. > RESTful interface should offer a simple forms-based interface for testing There are plenty of tools which can serve this need. Why complicate every implementation with duplicative functionality? Consider additionally using RAID-1 to increase short-term stability with potentially untrustworthy drives. Not only do you not have to restore from backup as often, you get a nice read rate boost besides! I've had it happen. It taught me a hard lesson about keeping backups. That's a pretty bold allegation to make without support. > Have ten developers on staff, each with an HN account? I think that's what HN calls a "voting ring" and attempts to detect and counteract. Isn't that basically all punk, though? Inasmuch as punk still exists, that is. If you just buy the albums, you're simultaneously engaging in self-abuse and subsidizing the people smart enough to go to the shows, where actual enjoyment is to be had. And, to the extent you let on that this is what you do, you're identifying yourself as an oblivious trend-follower who confuses the trappings of someone else's broken idea of "cool" with anything that actually matters - the musical-taste equivalent of The Office 's Michael Scott. Or have I missed something here? The article seems to go out of its way to imply that East Side is the maleficiary of structural discrimination. But: > A mile away, students at the racially mixed Cleveland High have these basics [textbooks, lockers], even though the school receives more than $3,000 less per student each year than East Side does, according to the school district. $3k/student seems like it should be enough to buy textbooks and lockers. I'd be interested to know first whether the school district's claim is accurate, and second, if so (and given this is the Atlantic, were there evidence of that claim being false, I would expect to see it mentioned), how it comes to be that East Side receives more funding than Cleveland High but seems to be doing less with it. I'm not sure that forcibly upheaving the existing arrangement wholesale is the most effective available solution here. It's been done - see Gary Bernhardt's "The Birth and Death of Javascript". We also have many orders of magnitude more computing power on which to implement the concepts behind those buzzwords. Maybe it'll make a difference. You're claiming those ideas as original? The (currently embryonic) Permissions API [1] looks like it's aimed at precisely this use case. [1] https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions... Not all of my devices make it possible to disable WebRTC, which makes defense in depth a necessity. Can you provide pointers to more information? As long as you don't need good interop, JSON Schema can be pretty great. (If you need interop, it's not, because none of the tools seem to implement unspecified behavior the same way.) I find myself seriously wondering whether the Vice author intended readers to sympathize with his subjects, or despise them. Partly I think this might be just my bias, inasmuch as I opted against taking on a six-figure debt load as my first adult act, and have discovered that not going to college is hardly the kiss of career death it's made out to be. But I really don't think you have to be me to find someone who got his parents to co-sign that six-figure debt load, then skipped the country and left them holding the bag, almost beneath contempt. You have the option of not taking on student debt, too. Where is information lost? Delivered branches aren't deleted, so full history information is available - it just doesn't clutter trunk by merging in every commit. Casting a college education as a matter of life and death is an excellent example of the kind of rhetoric which produces results like those under discussion. Oh. Well, that explains why I've been dead these past fifteen years, instead of making a good living as a software developer with a high-school education. But totally unrepresentative, the plural of anecdote, et cetera, of course. I must simply be one of the privileged 95%. Whoops, yeah, you're right. I was looking at the screencast and didn't see an explicit deletion, and mistook that for there not being one at all. Not at all, though I think many more can (and do) than are given credit for being able to. But I'm enough to disprove the overheated "get a college degree or you'll die!" stuff that's flying around right now. > AutoHotKey? It sort of works, but you're much better off doing it in the registry: https://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/MovingTheCtrlKey#toc18 Neat, thanks. Agreed. How else to explain people who seem actually to believe there are no jobs anywhere that don't require a degree? The initial usage is correct; credit card companies could care less about customers who pay off their balances every month, because such customers generate negligible revenue and are thus on the whole a nuisance. Bamboo is expensive, but worth it. Jenkins is a pale shadow by comparison, although I agree that Jenkins 2 is a lot better than 1.x. You're right, of course; I failed to remember that credit card issuers make money on both sides of the transaction. What I should've said is that customers who pay off every month generate negligible interest revenue, which makes them less valuable than those who revolve balances. Sovereignty is widely considered an obsolete concept. Yes, and we call these "most Christians". Dispensationalism of whatever stripe is pretty unusual, for all that it was heavily discussed last decade. In which browser? Modern implementations shouldn't even make that possible. > what if a terrorist would just detonate a bomb before the security lines I gather the idea is that, while a bomb in the security cattle chute might kill hundreds, it's still preferable to a hijacked aircraft which can be used to kill thousands. Of course the dichotomy is false for all manner of reasons. But that seems to be the underlying concept. There are several, but none currently available for iOS, at least not through the app store. (I don't know if you care about iOS, but it's the platform I jumped to when Palm ceased to be sustainable.) The Palm OS emulator for Windows and Linux can probably still be made to work, although in the latter case, good luck getting it to run in the absence of suitably decrepit shared library versions which your distro's package manager probably no longer provides - your best bet might be to find a DVD image of a distribution from 2003 or so, and install that in a VM to support the emulator. Linux RPMs can be had via Sourceforge [1]. Windows binaries are apparently available from several sources; the one provided by download.cnet.com [2] appears to be free of social diseases and reasonably functional. (It'll complain about a missing skins directory, but there's a generic skin packaged with the application which will work for your purposes.) You'll also need a ROM image. To my outright astonishment, some of these appear still to be available on the web! [3] "Palm OS 3.5-en-color.rom" boots successfully in the Windows emulator. And, finally, you'll need the Space Trader application itself. If you don't still have a copy, it remains available for download on the developer's site [4]. Once you have it, extract the version of your choice from the zipfile - the color version works fine with the ROM I mentioned. Then (at least on Windows) right-click the emulator chrome and choose "Install Application/Database", then "Other...", and navigate to the extracted .prc file. The emulator will load the app into the virtual Palm's memory, and then you can just click the icon to run it. It seems to work quite well! There are also several variably crummy knockoffs of Space Trader available for iOS, none of which does a good job capturing what made the Palm version fun. I keep meaning to reimplement it as a browser app or something, but... [1] https://sourceforge.net/projects/pose/files/pose/3.5-2/ [2] http://download.cnet.com/Palm-OS-Emulator/3000-2212_4-101114... [3] http://artnetweb.com/gh/palm_emulator/roms%20Folder/Popular%... [4] http://ticc.uvt.nl/~pspronck/spacetrader/STDownload.html Maybe I'm missing something, but isn't the .git/config file local to a given working copy? The helper scripts are neat and all, but I don't see anything here that would actually propagate this metadata anywhere. Good thing it's nonsense, then. > are there producers of 8" floppy media anymore? It would appear so, and in the US, yet: http://www.athana.com/html/diskette.html#8 > your one friend who got drunk and in a bar fight and charged with assault when he was 20 ...doesn't have a felony record, even if he was convicted, because simple assault is a misdemeanor charge. The cases really aren't parallel. (The rest of this comment seemed general enough to promote to top level: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11780434 ) It seems like a lot of people want to excuse Uber in this case, or want to build around it an argument that we should be forgiving and not judge convicted felons overly harshly, lest we make it impossible for them to rebuild their lives. While I have some sympathy for the latter argument in particular, basing such arguments on Hemming's situation strikes me as unwise. In five minutes or so on the Maryland state district courts' website, we discover that Hemming has considerable form [1], mostly around unlawful possession of controlled substances and prescription forgery, although there is a domestic abuse prosecution which doesn't appear to have gone to trial [2], probably because it was treated as mutual combat [3] and both parties chose to drop charges. Would you feel safe in a car with this man? Would you trust this man to drive a car for your hire service? Would you consider it unreasonable to expect five minutes' due diligence of Uber? [1] http://casesearch.courts.state.md.us/casesearch/inquirySearc... . [2] http://casesearch.courts.state.md.us/casesearch/inquiryDetai... . [3] http://casesearch.courts.state.md.us/casesearch/inquiryDetai... . You wouldn't mind placing your life in the hands of someone with a documented history of both predilection for consciousness-altering substances, and poor future time orientation and impulse control? ...well, you're braver than I am, that's for sure. This isn't mainstream; it's barely behind the bleeding edge. Mainstream is Express, Angular 1.5, and Browserify, and you can have it up and running in five minutes, maybe fifteen if you don't have Node installed. None of which, in this context, matters; none of those is in scope where the function is defined, so it won't be closing over them anyway. Spammers often strip dot aliases in my experience. This doesn't seem like doing anything to solve that problem. I mean, if citigroup.joe gets dot-stripped, then citigroup@mailhero.io gets that spam instead of joe, but odds are joe will just end up getting somebody else's spam anyway, so it's not really much of a win unless you're careful to pick a username that won't be used as an alias, and then you have the problem of having to give out addresses like citigroup.rkcj92o8I@mailhero.io. Not seeing the value prop over Mailinator. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Well, I've gotten spam that had it stripped; the name was a bogus one that I gave out in combination with a specific dot-aliased address, but the address in the To: header was without the alias. I can't say how often it happens, but with major mail providers (including Google, IIRC) widely known to support arbitrary dot aliases for throwaway addressing, it seems like a reasonable ploy from the spammer's point of view. Yeah, I'm not sure what that's about either. It seems far too thorough to be accidental, but the association is a strange one for a command line utility. I suppose it might make sense if the logo is designed for consumption by people who don't know much about computers, but that's really not something which can accurately be said of the thing the logo is for, so... Well, it's ill-formed, so what the UA does with it isn't really specified; cURL presumably treats it as a path relative to . because that's what the developer(s) decided that cURL should do. (For comparison, Firefox transforms it into file:///resolv.conf, then tries to find /resolv.conf on localhost and fails.) Here in Baltimore, the usual benefits fraud method involves small shop owners willing to claim false purchases to a given value, then disburse an equal value in cash partly to the benefits claimant and partly to themselves as a profit - so, yeah, you actually can just turn your SNAP card into cash, albeit at a sizable discount. No doubt the same is true of a Bridge card. Theft and onselling of stolen goods is enough to make you question humanity? You really are naïve. But if there are multiple candidate completions, you don't get a list of them, the way you do from with no glob - it just completes unconditionally to the first candidate. That sure is a list of things. It may not be extreme, but it sure is agile. That or sulfur dioxide, yeah. I've smelled the latter in an office that doubled as a data center, when one of the UPSs' charge regulation circuit went wonky and overdrove its batteries. That's probably not a major asphyxiation risk unless you're trapped in a room with it, though, because, unlike inert gases like helium or nitrogen, sulfur compounds are irritating as hell - a UPS boiling its batteries will send you fleeing for the nearest source of fresh air, with eyes and nose streaming, before it'll suffocate you. > Quoting Paul Graham as you would quote the Gospel? Welcome to Hacker News. Vote buying and selling is election fraud per 18 U.S. Code § 597 [1]. In fact, it's not even legal to make the offer, in either direction: "Whoever makes or offers to make an expenditure to any person, either to vote or withhold his vote, or to vote for or against any candidate; and Whoever solicits, accepts, or receives any such expenditure in consideration of his vote or the withholding of his vote— Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both; and if the violation was willful, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both." [1] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/597 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_lists_of_lists I've heard Thiel holds a grudge against Gawker for having outed him without his consent; the latter certainly happened [1], the former I wouldn't know how to confirm. [1] http://gawker.com/335894/peter-thiel-is-totally-gay-people The calendar also shows 100% uptime for June 2016 despite the big red outage indicator in today's box. Perhaps the displayed uptime percentage is for the status page itself? "Cet animal est très méchant..." If you like the kind of journalism you currently get from Engadget, Kotaku, Valleywag, et al., you'll still be able to get it even if they're shut down. It's not as though the terms of the decision include the slaughter en masse of the editorial staff and reporters, after all; they'll find jobs elsewhere and continue to get published. Life goes on. How come? I've seen native anglophones use that idiom often enough - pretty sure I've used it myself, in fact. You already can: http://www.apple.com/ios/carplay/ > So with airport time, let's say ~6 hours total. How'd you manage to spend (average) only 45 minutes in the airport on each end? Even pre-TSA, I never managed to go from front door to jetway that fast. It'd be great if device and OS developers made that a thing you could do! Most big box stores I've been in the last few years, all the TVs on display are configured for maximum brightness and contrast anyway, I guess so they don't look washed-out next to all the other TVs that are configured the same way. It's impossible to tell what's good and what's not. You couldn't prove it by me; on the train I take to commute, every third person or so has headphones on, and maybe every fifth person on the sidewalk. Which is reasonable. For all that Apple gets a lot of stick for "failure to innovate", as a reasonably longstanding iPhone user, I'm quite pleased to see they're maintaining their habit of letting other manufacturers take risks, and letting time and user preference shake out what's worth actually implementing. Uh, most of us don't have that use case to worry about, but notification center and lock screen settings have our backs when we do. (Which I did, in the lead-up to the divorce. No trouble at all with phone opsec, which was nice, because as anyone who's been through it knows, divorce means enough trouble all by itself without overly helpful electronics adding more.) Maybe not. Does it matter? Steve Jobs, brilliant though he was, has been dead for a while now, and shows every indication of staying that way into the indefinite future. While that doesn't necessarily mean he has been unable to stay up on the last few years' worth of change and innovation in the mobile space, it does mean that whatever unique insights he's been able to derive from same are not in a place where they can do Apple's designers and engineers much good. > what the hell the volume button does in different contexts If the app you're using right now has a handle for audio playback, it changes the speaker volume. If not, it changes the ringer volume. As far as I can tell, that's all, and in a half decade of using iPhones and iPods, I've never actually seen it misbehave. I've never actually run into that case, but in informal testing, it looks like the camera overrides whatever else you happen to be doing at the same time, even if that's music or a call. That's a design choice, and there're arguments to be made for and against, but it seems hardly likely to surprise anyone more than once or twice. In Siri and a phone call, you're still adjusting the speaker volume. The current setting appears to be independent of random apps that make noise, but it's still speaker volume vs. ringer volume. How do you expect it to know which volume setting you want to adjust? Oh neat, I had no idea that existed. Thanks! > I still have no idea what the option key is for It's for "⌥". Yes, that's not ideal, and it's a striking UX failure on Apple's part that the keycap says "option" while the menu says ⌥ - all the more striking given Apple's generally well deserved reputation for getting that kind of thing right. Same goes for control and ^ - granted, Unices have represented Control as ^ since forever, but part of the appeal of a Mac is supposed to be that you don't have to be a grizzled hacker to understand it. That said, how does it take (more than) a decade to learn these correspondences? Not that I don't understand your complaint here, and I agree it should be fixed, but...I mean, this stuff doesn't seem all that hard. > There's a part of me that is disturbed by how deeply integrated into my life Facebook has become You have no idea. I thought I was just choosing not to use Facebook - I didn't realize I was choosing not to have a social life any more, too. Indeed: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emoticon#Japanese_style > There is also the \(°O°)\, indicating a hooligan or crazed behaviour, and the (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ. Looks like exclamation points get stripped from titles. Unfortunately, that inverts the meaning here. Seconding the recommendation to avoid ufw. I haven't actually used it or had a problem with it, but if you understand iptables then you don't need it, and if you don't understand iptables, you're better off just learning to use iptables directly so you can handle those cases that ufw doesn't support or clean up after it when it breaks. I didn't know about iptables-persistent, but it's easy enough to just "iptables-save > /etc/network/iptables" once you're finished changing the config, and "iptables-restore Speaking of TOTP without Google, if you use iOS and find the Google Authenticator app unsatisfactory, try Authy. It's good stuff, and well worth a few bucks. Boot from a rescue volume, or use the VPS provider's root password reset functionality. I didn't notice that iptables-persistent actually saves the currently configured rules periodically. That's both kinda neat and a little scary, and I'm not entirely sure I see much value in persisting dynamic rules; it seems like it'd be easy to end up with a long chain of stale rules that way. Still worth knowing about the automatic persistence, though. Sure! That way it's just a matter of doing su - curl -sS https://some.random.host/trust-me.sh | bash - What could go wrong? While I'm not in the market for an OTP client, this is the network tools app I've been looking for since I bought my first iPod Touch. If you have remote beer-buying support, point me to it. Yeah, but it's a PDF. Anyway, why can't you generate a TOC into the HTML version from whatever format you're actually authoring in? Good tooling support should make this not hard. EDIT: And now the HTML version has a TOC, too! Talk about immediate gratification -- kudos to whoever did that! It does, but I seem to remember it having trouble cleaning up after itself when abruptly terminated and restarted. It's been a few years, though, so that's probably no longer an issue. I've been thinking about starting to use a password manager (as I should've done long ago), and 1Password looks pretty good. It's pricey enough that I'd like to hear some pros and cons before I pull the trigger, though. How's it worked out for you? Where are the pain points? What incentive is there for such organizations to improve trustability? As many American soldiers died in the Civil War as in every other war we've ever fought combined. If we were as divided now as we were then, I think it'd be surprising as hell. We shot them, butchered them, and turned them into cat and dog food. That's how the pet food industry got its start. Good example for your argument, maybe, but I doubt it's going to win you many converts. If that's what you're after, you can go with Rails and not be stuck with PHP at all. (Of course, if you go with Rails, you're stuck with Rails, so maybe it's a wash.) Disable the power steering pump on any car from the late nineties and you'll have one. > fakaked 'Verkakte'. That's funny; it was on hold when I saw it last, a few hours ago. Apparently whoever happens to be around with mod powers decided to hate fun a little less than usual. I'm sure it won't last. "I'm a direction, not jerking off!" - real classy. It's certainly possible, but it requires sufficient empathy and intellectual openness to study and understand the arguments of the "other side", which seems lacking on all sides of late. It's funny you should take this particular tack, because this is a place where the United States has already been. We weren't able to resolve the question of which allegiance meant more, by any means short of a rather nasty half-decade-long war that maybe you've heard of. (It's also funny that you should mistake the primacy of modern American national identity as having some other cause but that, but the error is more or less ubiquitous these days, I'm afraid.) And that's what it took to enforce a federal union upon just a handful of states with strictly limited experience - a couple of centuries, tops - of regarding themselves as essentially sovereign but allied polities. In light of that, I've always found it faintly amazing that anyone imagines the EU will endure without resort to similarly drastic measures. (Also that it even came into existence, given how badly things went last time Germany was involved in trying to unify Europe. And people say Americans have little regard for history...) It really does, even though I generally tend to favor thorium-cycle power generation. Also, why is "fluoride" such a hard word to spell? There really aren't. In any case, the same was said about George W. Bush during both his runs for the Oval Office, and while I don't say he was a particularly worthwhile president, in hindsight the Hitler comparison was every bit as erroneous as even an elementary knowledge of 20th century history would suggest. > I take some risk by writing this Really? You're worried that the notoriously pro-Trump Silicon Valley is going to turn against YC over this? > Probably nobody who is against [a presidential candidate] is bending any facts to try to stop [him/her] Given the reality of 21st century electoral politics in the United States, I find it unsurprising, yet deeply disappointing all the same, that anyone actually believes this. Silicon Valley couldn't do a better job endorsing Trump if he paid them for it. (Not that they'd need him to. But he wouldn't need to, either! Unless there's some money changing hands that Mr. Altman didn't disclose, this blog post got written for free.) A viable candidate. > Actually, I'm calling the ignorance and insecurity a cancer that needs to be killed. This by you is better? It's not the people who need killing, it's just their perception of the world and their deeply held beliefs. Who, having once heard you explain this, could possibly not start heeding what you have to say? ...he said, because the claim that it's not possible to be racist against white people had actually won over anybody ever. I don't think anyone would be shocked to hear an assertion that a white judge had mistreated someone who wasn't white on the basis of the latter's race. There might (or might not) be public debate over whether the assertion was true, but no one would be appalled merely at the claim's having been made. (Indeed, such claims are made daily and have been for many years, yet rarely seem to be regarded as less newsworthy for that.) Why, then, should it be shocking or appalling to hear the claim made with the parties' races reversed? Are we to assume that people who aren't white are incapable of bias? Are we to assume that a judge has no power over the people whose cases are heard in his courtroom? Is the total equality of all races a principle worth upholding, or one merely worth claiming when it's convenient, and trivial to ignore when it's not? Are we, in short, to assume that only white people can be bigots? (And, I mean, you can argue that the question is ill-founded and wrongheaded all you like, and I realize that's the temptingly easy option. You might, though, if you're really as worried about a Trump win in November as blog posts like Mr. Altman's make out, think instead about how you might actually convince somebody who asks a question like that, instead of just trying to shout him down.) I think you should either come up with a way to put your argument across that doesn't come across as contemptuous and dismissive of anyone who doesn't agree with you, or give up imagining that by continuing to speak in this fashion you're actually helping bring about the outcome you prefer. Is that not where you're coming from? Because it sure sounds like that's where you're coming from. The principle of charity, I suppose, and more fool I for applying it to political speech in the United States in 2016. Yeah, but they seem to be awfully reluctant to pay out on it. > If computers had to be interacted with in ways that resembled programming - like a UNIX prompt - then people would be more used to the way computers actually work, with functions and parameters instead of icons and settings menus. Yes. That's exactly how it would be, for whatever small fraction of current computer users were able and willing to adapt to that paradigm. You're absolutely right about the separation between people who understand how computers work and people who only use them. Your second sentence in this comment is a brilliant example of the "echo-chamber wizard" school. It's absolutely possible to win a war even though only the other side has a military worth the name. Look at Iraq, or Afghanistan, or even Vietnam. > Can you make communications spam-resistant? Can you make an unhackable internet service? Maybe. Can you make a human that can't be suborned by a superhuman evil AI? > Who are you going to sue if I order a cell jammer from a China or Hong Kong based company and your own governmental postal service delivers it to me? Nobody, but you might go to prison: https://www.fcc.gov/general/jamming-cell-phones-and-gps-equi... I can't overstate the value of a desk-mounted magnifier. Even just one hacked together from an old lamp arm and some Radio Shack leftovers makes a night-and-day difference in the ease of soldering work. Safety and security are absolutely a selling point, although not one they lean hard on in their own marketing materials. But it comes up in any comparison between iOS and Android, and not without reason. (Incidentally, why the past tense?) A mushroom cloud is an artifact of air convection produced by any sufficiently large blast. Peculiar to nuclear weapons is a bright initial flash of light (actually two flashes, but they're close enough together to be very hard to distinguish by eye). If this video depicted a nuclear initiation, such a flash would appear around 0:15, but none does. Like something out of a Shakespeare comedy, I thought. Replace "hot and flat" with "gray and rainy" and that's the western third of Oregon, too. Comodo in particular has a long history of shady bullshit. Tarring all CAs with that brush strikes me as unduly harsh. Why did they in 2008? If I hadn't stayed in Baltimore, I probably would've ended up in Boise. It's a lovely town. PCI verification is a rubber stamp all the way through, is how. Couple of notes on the title: - it should probably start with "Show HN: " (which is kind of a convention when you're posting your own code) - the indefinite article in English has two forms, the choice of which depends on whether the word following starts with a consonant or a vowel sound. In the former case, use "a"; in the latter, use "an". Since "GitHub" starts with a consonant sound, the correct usage here would be "A GitHub..." HTH! HAND. From the release notes [1]: > Upgrading the Magento system software no longer results in the loss of data. Well, that's good. You're still working with Magento, though, so... (I've built plugins for it. Don't. No money is worth that.) [1] devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.1/release-notes/ReleaseNotes2.1.0CE.html Such as Cygwin/X, available from a friendly cygwin.com near you! Subsistence farming. Also this: http://inchoo.net/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/MAGENTO_v1.3.2.... Too big to make sense of when you can only see a screen's worth at once, so you really need a physical copy. But it's way too big to fit on anything you can get out of a regular office printer and still have it readable. So you really need to go to a print shop and shell out the better part of a C-note to have it done at 36x24 or larger. Ask me how I know. (Before I paid, I asked our architect client if she wouldn't mind me doing it on their large-format drawing printer. She was not amused. You thought consumer-grade first-party inkjet cartridges were spendy? You have no idea .) I think everybody is; it looks like whatever CMS they're using eats newlines out of content pasted into s, because there aren't any in the source. Maybe it's a cavil, but I'm not overjoyed at the thought of doing global search and destroy on my codebases with a tool I heard about on a website that messes up something that basic. On the other hand, apparently jscodeshift itself comes from Facebook [1], and they tend to do good work (on a technical level, at least); perhaps it'd be worthwhile to change the HN link to point to that repo, not least because the code samples aren't munged to unintelligibility there. [1] https://github.com/facebook/jscodeshift I've been using Xming for some years, largely because it's also faster than Cygwin/X. How does vcxsrv compare? But you don't know either way, so you're just drawing conclusions from outright ignorance here. That doesn't seem like a useful way to spend time. Well, nobody's claiming that ethanol is a vitamin or that you can drink yourself free of cancer, for a start. "Log drain" appears to be a Heroku term of art for something that can receive shipped log data from their infrastructure, so an "HTTP log drain front-end" would be a client; if that or something like it is in play here, it would explain why they don't host the aggregator in the same place as whatever's generating the log entries it ingests. 40 requests/second does sound somewhat low, but that may just be the average rate at which whatever they're aggregating generates log entries, rather than a limit enforced by resource exhaustion. Repeated assertion. On the other side of things - why should you assume that this other box, which you can only get from a super sketchy online dealer and which gives you something for nothing that you're accustomed to having to pay for, is legit? > it's completely appropriate to call them that, and worse Leaving aside all the arguments over whether it's accurate to do so, here's a question that might be worth asking: Is it useful ? No one likes being labeled. That's as true for people with whom you do not agree as it is for those with whom you do. If the objective is a productive discussion of differences and, ultimately, a peaceful transition into a future that works better for everyone, then applying derogatory labels to people whose view of the world differs from your own is probably not very useful. If the objective is to insert as many crowbars as possible into already extant political, economic, and social divides, and do as much as possible to pry them open even wider, then applying derogatory labels is a great strategy. Of course, in that case, it's hard to be taken seriously when you profess surprise and dismay at the unfavorable reception you're given by those with whom you do not agree. But I've yet to see that really stop anyone. Wow. I had the idea this was mostly a thing you'd find in the sketchier corners of eBay, and that at least to some extent you'd have to go looking for. But that's not so, which rather cuts my argument off at the knees. > the left, who used to represent the working class Commentators on the margins of the US left have recognized this problem, and been calling it out, for at least a decade - Joe Bageant, just to pick an example off the top of my head, was a powerful and persuasive voice on the subject, but for some reason, even as he achieved international prominence outside the US, he became ever more marginalized within. (Edited to add: Somebody elsewhere in this thread linked a Mark Ames piece in which he says the same thing. If even Mark Ames , whose major claim to fame is a multi-year exploration of street-level prostitution in newly post-Communist Russia, can see that it's a problem...) You can't talk about "losers" in modern American English without invoking that connotation. I am quite certain that whoever wrote that headline knows this; you don't get to produce content for an A-list blog like the Washington Post without having a working knowledge of semiotics and the dialect in which you're writing. Firefox has gotten a lot more usable in the last few versions, and Chrome-style tab isolation should be here a few versions from now. If they're still screwing up in any major way, it's in the ever-closer approximation of the terrible Chrome UI, but there's an extension [1] which solves that quite handily. [1] https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/classicthemer... > I wonder how many people do that just to lie to people Ooh, lots, I'm sure. It's a brilliant way to lie, because it makes catching you out look like a lot of hard work. It is very easy to demand self-sacrifice of others. Convincing them on the subject is a great deal harder, which I think is why nobody seems much to try; simpler, after all, to compel (at least part of) the desired result by means of force majeure . But you shouldn't expect to make friends by it. Sounds like WaPo is still smarting over getting its press card pulled. (As they should be! It was a brilliant move, and it's had them on the back foot ever since - their latter coverage of Trump reads like a cross between red-top tabloid and schoolyard bigmouth.) Dare I ask in what connection you quote Ted Kaczynski of all people? I mean, I'm sure you are not trying to tar me with the same brush, for no better reason than because I happen to be saying something superficially similar to something Ted Kaczynski once said. But I must confess I fail to see any other way in which this quote is germane. Perhaps you'll enlighten me. No, but if you want to play the US electoral game, those are your options. Actually, most of the smartest people I've ever known have worked for NSA, in both analytical and other capacities. Some of the fittest, too, for "does century rides on the weekends for fun" values of "fit". Why would America assume anything else? A measured reaction? Good God! We can't have that . It's easy to criticize. Edited to add: > the point of helping others which is not self-glorification, but the death of ego Is it? I thought the point of helping others was to help , rather than to polish one's own Zen. More fool I, no doubt. Meanwhile, from Alpha Centauri, Tau Ceti, and Barnard's Star, the expeditionary fleets of the First Great and Bounteous Human Empire set forth once more to conquer. (Hey, it's not any more or less plausible than what you said.) > What culture doesn't acknowledge self respect But we're talking about self-esteem , which everyone is supposed to get for free. Self-respect, like the respect of others, must be earned. Equating the two is a quintessentially modern-American mistake (I'm a modern American, and I made this mistake myself for years), and I think that's what 'sklogic calls out above. Neat! Now I have to refer to an entirely different file (or a different section of this one, which is almost as bad) in order to figure out what this one function is doing. > The mother told me she was very eager to learn English so that she could find her first job. So, not a lot of money, and, with two sons to support, plenty of higher priorities for its use than $50 or better a month for broadband Internet access. (Given the nature of the modern web, dialup is more or less equivalent to nothing at all; mobile Internet is faster, much easier to obtain, and probably cheaper than any local dialup provider you can even still find in 2016.) How do you torrent Windows when you don't have a computer to run BitTorrent or a broadband link to download with? I mean great, I'm glad your situation worked out for you, but don't make the mistake of assuming that what worked for you will work for everyone. Looks awesome! I can't wait to play with it when it hits 1.0. In advance of that, I'm curious: What's the tl;dr: on how this compares to Tinc? In particular, I'm wondering what WireGuard's mobile story looks like, especially in comparison with Tinc's (which is pretty rudimentary as far as I can tell), and about the extent of effort that's likely to be involved in ongoing configuration management. I don't know whether this is actually as good an idea as it sounds, but it sure does tickle the same sense of awesomeness in me that Virtual Light 's Golden Gate first nurtured. > Extending the door lock timeout by another five minutes costs $X. Or a screwdriver in the latch. Don't underestimate smart apes. Typo: > When HTML was announced by Tim Burners-Lee "Berners". No apology necessary; I appreciate both the expansion and the lack of attempt to slur by association - the latter, in particular, being something I've learned one can't expect every Hacker News commenter to forgo. Not for nothing, but did you ever hear anyone say that a stranger who calls you "friend" isn't one? If not, you have now. > Predicting that interstellar travel will ever be in any way economically advantageous is probably unphysical. What's sauce for the sad alien is sauce for the human empire, say I. Consider leaving it, and them, out altogether. Which version? I've been using CS3 for years and it's rock solid. Dwarf Fortress is extremely reliable! You can always rely on it to make you say "... what? " There's a reason for that: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Stonebraker He doesn't seem to like much technology that's newer than television, from all I can see. Too, the direct link is to an outright puff piece. I'm really surprised this has survived on the front page as long as it has, or gotten so near the top. The sense of entitlement that crops up throughout this thread amazes me. It'd be bad enough coming from the people who actually donate the money that adds up to the steady living the Adams brothers earn by their work on Dwarf Fortress. Coming from random Hacker News commenters, many of whom hasten to add that they'd never play anything with such an awful UX themselves, it is bewildering and disappointing. Isn't this community supposed to be above such things? > An afternoon spent on http://decentsecurity.com/introduction/ is better for Windows security than any AV product. Sad when a single person who runs a joke Twitter account (@SwiftOnSecurity) can do better than an entire multibillion-dollar industry... > jif not gif 2/10 troll, try harder. 'gh' pronounced 'f' is always word-final, and 'ti' pronounced 'sh' is always word-medial. "ghoti" is correctly pronounced "goaty". The sale was initially announced only via email to those who subscribed to a specific list, and the announcement included a request to keep it quiet until 9pm PDT (midnight Eastern). A recent HN discussion including Tlon principals and discussing Urbit in some length and detail: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11817721 It will be. Based on the paucity of information I gather was collected in the purchase process, I doubt Tlön itself could produce such a record. If Urbit fails to become as easy to run as an iPhone, Urbit fails. That's an explicit design goal. It seems improbable, but who knows? I don't have a Facebook account, but my understanding is that it supports app integrations, and that connected apps have access to the account information you choose to share with them. Why wouldn't this work for Urbit? And why, in theory, wouldn't Urbit be able to support a distributed Facebook in the same way that GNU social supports a distributed Twitter? The concerning part would seem to me to be how you cope with a situation where you have some people hosting their stuff on their urbits, and others still on Facebook; I don't see a solution here that does not require technical cooperation from Facebook, which as you rightly note will not likely be forthcoming. As I know to my cost, people stick to Facebook because Facebook owns their social lives, so people aren't going to risk trying to emancipate themselves from Facebook unless they can do so without maybe losing all their friends. No one at Tlön has articulated anything like a clear solution to this problem, and I think it would be a very good idea if they did, because it will kill them if they don't watch out. There's no reason a more comfortable language can't be implemented on Hoon; it's just that no one has done it yet, because no one has come along who both understands Hoon well enough to do it and finds Hoon unpleasant enough to bother. This may mean Hoon once learned is easier to cope with than it looks (which I doubt, because it looks like vaguely Lisp-flavored assembly) or it may just mean that nobody like that has come along yet. The combination of personal ownership of data, worldwide visibility (if you want it), and iPhone/Facebook-tier ease of use. Right now, you can only have two of those at a time. You own your Wordpress install and it's world visible, but your mom needs you to administer it. (Not every mom is lucky enough to have a kid like you.) Your Facebook is world visible and your mom can set one up, but you don't own it (quite the converse). You own what's on your iPhone and your mom can use one, but you can't publish anything with it - you need a separate service with its own set of tradeoffs. Urbit's USP is that it's designed to be able to provide all three, along with a cryptographically verifiable identity system that can make spamming and shitposting costly enough to be economically inviable. All this is ambitious as hell, of course, and it's very early days yet - there's every chance Urbit will go down in history as a curious but ultimately doomed also-ran, if it goes down in history at all. But it's easy to understand why people find its design goals appealing. That was an address space for computers, not people. Democratization is I think a poor metaphor; a better one would be emancipation. Right now, if you use Facebook, Facebook owns you. If you don't use Facebook but all your friends do, Facebook still owns you, but you're worthless to it, and it punishes you for failing to generate value by making you as close to socially invisible as it can - which is pretty damn close. (Ask me how I know!) None of this is deliberate, in the sense of an evil conspiracy cooked up by cackling villains. But all of it is true. The purpose of Urbit is to make it possible for people to own themselves. Doing so is not free of charge. (Should it be? Are you worth nothing?) But it is, or will be once (if) it's possible at all, as cheap as can be made practical - which is very cheap indeed, or free, if you don't mind opting out of guaranteed and durable identity. The tradeoff is that people who don't opt out may not be as quick to trust people who do. But that's a choice you get to make, instead of, as now, a choice that Facebook makes for you. I can't speak for anyone else (especially Tlön), but I've had enough of Facebook making choices for me. Have you? Isn't that just the Markdown jet? Or are there other examples I haven't yet heard about? I never had one, and you'd be surprised how many don't. This has caused me to miss camping trips, parties, dinners, and weddings . Of course it's possible that I'm just such an obnoxious person that nobody wants me around, but if that were the case, I doubt I'd have received such abject and clearly heartfelt apologies from people who didn't invite me to things because I wasn't on their Facebook friends list. Of course, such apologies always come with the implicit "...but if you don't get on Facebook, it's going to keep happening." I actually started to create a Facebook account, but refused to continue past the point where it asked for my email account credentials in order to construct a friends list from my correspondents. Yes, I'm aware that's optional and can be bypassed - but when the relationship starts out with a boundary test as blatant and extreme as that, I'm really not interested in hanging around to find out where my new abusive partner is going to decide to go from there. So I still don't have a Facebook account. As a direct result of this, I also don't have a meaningful social life any more, which is a shame, because I rather enjoyed the one I did have. I'm hardly alone in this. Is it any wonder there are people who want to kill Facebook with a hatchet? > It's actually pretty friendly to non-technical users. To use , sure. To install and administer? Not so much. You can get a Wordpress.com account, but that doesn't solve the ownership problem. Sandstorm.io goes some way toward fixing the specific problem of Wordpress being impossible for non-technical users to install and administer. (Probably quite a long way, in fact.) And that's great! For Wordpress . But it doesn't do anything to solve the larger problem of ownership of data, which - and I appreciate I didn't make it clear in the comment to which you're responding, but see [1] - is in this case a cipher for ownership of identity, which right now belongs to social media networks, which is another way of saying it belongs to Facebook. It's not clear that something like Urbit is necessary to solve this problem. But it's also not clear that something like Urbit is not necessary, and I don't know of anyone else who's even trying to attack the problem directly. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12007854 Not for people already comfortable with VPSes and firewalls and SSH keys and command lines and apt-get. For everyone . And that matters, because as I learned the hard way, being able to do it just for yourself isn't enough. A social network is social . If you're not on it and everyone else is, you still lose. Do you know that it isn't? Do you know that there's not? You call DominikR's statements "misinformation", which amounts to a claim that they are false. You're every bit as much on the hook to substantiate your claims as he is to substantiate his. Please do so. And yet it manages to retain the enduring interest, both cognitive and financial, of other people who are no less likely to be of above average IQ than Hacker News commenters. Perhaps there's something about Urbit that makes it unappealing to people who are likely to hang out on Hacker News, or vice versa. Or perhaps it's doomed and those people just haven't noticed yet. Or something else might be going on. There's really no telling just yet. If the question is as clear as you make it sound, falsifying his statements should be trivial, with the beneficial effect of preventing anyone who cares about factuality from taking his claims seriously. Sounds like an easy win to me, if you can do it. The community long predates the crowdsale. Communication between urbits appears to be well defined, although my lack of close familiarity with the codebase makes it impossible for me to point at precisely where; ask someone at Tlon, or someone in Urbit :talk. Communication between an urbit and its host is precisely defined by the u3 implementation. The C standard library lacked a formal specification for over a decade after its creation. Lisp lacked one for almost thirty years. At least one of these should be an argument in favor of "build it first, formalize it later". I don't think anyone has yet made a claim of usefulness on Urbit's behalf. Certainly no one at Tlon has! No, using a Facebook friends list as a basis for an invitation list, and forgetting to add in the couple of people you know who aren't on Facebook because you haven't noticed that Facebook has become your address book of record. It's just not something people think about, and that worries the hell out of me. We've never before seen a world where a single, rather secretive corporation, which has already shown itself willing to experiment with its users' perceptions in order to better serve its own purposes, mediates practically every interpersonal relationship of a significant fraction of the species. When I was growing up, that would've been nothing but fodder for third-rate dystopian sf, and yet here we are. Chernobyl isn't a very good example of automation failure; responsibility for that disaster lies entirely with human beings from start to finish. Wikipedia's summary is solid, and rather than excerpt it here I'll just point you at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chernobyl_disaster#Accident . On that point, I very recently discovered [1] that connecting an iOS device to an Exchange account via ActiveSync enables the organization's Exchange administrators to remotely wipe the entire contents of the device - not just the content actually provided via the account, but everything . I am astonished and disappointed that Apple saw fit not to warn the user this could happen. Even Google gets this right; when you connect an Android device, you get a warning and are required to confirm before proceeding. It's inexcusable that Apple doesn't do the same - while I understand and agree with the reasoning behind the existence of the capability, the fact that it's silently enabled is appalling. [1] Yes, I know it's hardly news, but (I flatter myself that) I'm generally reasonably savvy, and if I only just found out about it, then there's probably someone else reading this thread who could benefit from it being mentioned. So I mention it. Telecom companies have a reasonable need for the information. (It's also impossible for them not to have it; otherwise they couldn't provide service at all.) Device manufacturers, not so much. Brilliant, but it'll never be widespread enough to make a meaningful difference. Besides, nobody comments on websites directly any more. Now it all goes to Twitter or Facebook, and they'll never implement anything like this because it'd be directly inimical to their business model. I've never understood the mindset in which something as trivial as what you wear to work actually seems like a big deal. > The interns were told that was a medical exemption… after they were mass-fired That's nice. What business of it was theirs, that they should be told at all? It smacks of a third-grade classroom, where little Susie is upset because little Janey didn't bring enough comfortable shoes for everybody, so Teacher makes a rule that either you bring enough for everybody or you don't bring any at all. Of course, in a third-grade classroom, this sort of thing makes some sense, because we don't expect children of such a young age to be fully in command of their emotions. I gather the interns we're talking about are in their early twenties. One would reasonably expect them to have learned something in the decades since they were in third grade themselves, but perhaps that's too much to ask. And, conversely, interns' labor has minimal value (sometimes none), so it's not as though the pay scale's unfair. You don't sign up for the college + internship track without expecting to give away some labor. Sorry, I think you've got the wrong end. What confuses me is that being expected to dress like a grownup is something a lot of people apparently find galling enough to get up in arms about. > Short sleeves and shorts have a positive impact on ecology and money savings Yeah - short sleeves, short pants, and a mandated indoor temperature over eighty degrees Fahrenheit. Talk about enforced good citizenship! Being required to maintain a professional dress code by you is "treated like dirt"? Good Lord. What a shame they have no other options in life, then. Well, I'm running 9.3, and I never saw that message, or any other warnings about Exchange connections, while I had my phone connected to work email. Is all this stuff only a concern when the device is enrolled via MDM? That seems improbable; the (several) sources I've found on the subject don't mention MDM in any context, but just warn that Exchange connection = remote wipe capability. Similarly, while I had my phone connected via Exchange, I visited the devices page in Outlook Web Access and saw that the "Wipe" option was enabled for the device. Have you considered adjusting the height of the shelf? It seems like a curious thing to optimize for when deciding which computer to use. Maybe you could use something like the rail-and-cantilever shelving scheme you find in a lot of stores. That way, you only have to install it once and the height is easy to adjust thereafter. Following that maxim comes with the implicit privilege of taking the consequences. Depending on your local jurisdiction, it's very possible that breaking the law to watch a decent but hardly worldshattering TV drama involves more risk than it's worth. Some information is, but it's not a requirement; there's no law or rule that says information not born classified can't be made so after the fact - indeed, this happens with almost all classified information, after evaluation to determine an appropriate level of secrecy to be applied. > the idea that she could be denied a security clearance as president is kind of ludicrous Certainly so. I'm not sure the same is true of the idea that someone with a proven record of such a careless attitude toward security should be denied the presidency on that basis. That seems like a discussion worth having, although, given the modern political climate in the United States, not one likely to actually occur in any way that's even marginally useful to anyone. Petraeus worked for Defense, not State. No, but it's reasonable to wonder why sauce for the goose isn't sauce for the gander in this case. Who doesn't love the politics of consequentialism? Might want to edit that link to: https://www.google.com/search?safe=strict&q=kristian+saucier or flag it NSFW - when I clicked it, SafeSearch bounced me to the one I just posted. I'm actually at work, so don't intend to investigate, but my guess is "Kristen Saucier" is a different person in a different line of work. I absolutely do see the issue. But I'm not quite ready to concede that > the kinds of technical wank that the average HN user thinks is important includes whether or not the details of diplomatic communications at the highest level of our government are trivially available even to middle-tier private actors, to say nothing of potentially hostile states. Call it "technical wank" if you like, but information security exists for a reason, too. Can you imagine if we were in the middle of a political crisis and suddenly most of the Secretary of State's electronic communication is freely accessible to the same people with whom he's trying to negotiate an outcome favorable to the United States? See the issue here ? I totally get what you're saying with regard to user friendliness being a primary concern at this level, and I agree with it. I don't agree that the proper response to UX concerns, however difficult, is simply to throw security to the winds in the cause of easing communication - because security is a primary concern at this level, too. > OpenRaster Another ocean boiled, courtesy of the Free Desktop Project. I'm pretty sure the only reason the initials are "FDP" and not "NIH" is because somebody else came up with the latter. Same here, for the same reason. Apparently that's a 50 Cent track - go fig! You're conflating a well-secured email server administered in conjunction with State's infosec team - which I agree would be perfectly reasonable from a security perspective - and what actually obtained in the case at hand. You're also conflating the responsibilities of State Department personnel with regard to information classified by the government they've sworn to serve, and the responsibilities of other nations' diplomatic personnel with regard to information originating in the government of a state foreign to them. Neither seems especially conducive to a useful discussion of the matter at hand. Mitigating the risk doesn't eliminate it. Take your own chance, of course - but don't think you're not taking any chance at all. > it's more fun and personally rewarding to do new stuff, than fight the hard compatibility fight Thirteen years ago: https://href.li/?https://www.jwz.org/doc/cadt.html And we're still complaining about the very same problems in the very same project . Edit: God dammit, jwz. Sorry, everybody. Should be safe now, I hope. (I can't see the troll for myself, so I don't know for sure, but if this thing strips the header like it claims to do, that should solve it.) What? Not me, apparently. (No, seriously! I'm seeing the page I expect to see when I click that link in that comment. If I'd known jwz was doing what you claim he is, I'd have wrapped it with a referrer stripping bouncer or something. Sorry!) > hold shit & click Such a beautiful inadvertency. Anyway, it should be solved now. Sorry! Why not? The mashed potatoes have settled into something that's shaped vaguely like a bookshelf and less likely to collapse into a pile of mush than most of the alternatives. If it's that or pile books on the floor... A couple years back I managed to get Open Genera talking to a reasonably modern (ca. 2013) X server, which has to count for something. In fact, getting it talking to the X server was practically the only aspect of the project in which I didn't have problems. Too, when I decided in a (thankfully transient) fit of madness to write my own window manager targeting whatever x.org package you got with Debian jessie around Q4 2015, I managed to do so based almost entirely on what I gleaned from a partial set of ancient X manuals which were already yellowing and musty when I picked them up at my city's free book exchange years ago, plus the manual and info pages that came with the system and the Emacs build I put on it. Not what you'd call an exhaustive evaluation, and maybe things have changed, but I'd say there is at least anecdotal reason for hope with regard to backward compatibility in X.org. I'm sure she did. Perhaps that's a mitigation, and perhaps it's not. Assuming you're right about the extent to which using blessed IT would have made it impossible for Clinton to discharge her diplomatic office, she might have resigned, rather than choose between being derelict in her duty and being derelict in the responsibility she accepted with her oath of office. A high-profile resignation like that, in a preeminent department like State, might have been a cause for real change. Or it might not; we'll never know. In any case, it would've been the principled thing for anyone in such a position to do. Sticking around at the expense of her oath of office doesn't seem to have worked out all that poorly for her, since she's still apparently a serious contender for the presidency. Should she end up in it, one hopes she'll take that oath a little more seriously than she did the last one. In that case, I suppose I'll try not to wake him up, and in general I'd rather a regular bench that's useful even to someone who happens not to be me. I don't blame people who suffer an ablation of their sense of shared human dignity in response to situations like that often decried in San Francisco. It's hard to be constantly exposed to that kind of privation and not become inured to it, in self-defense if nothing else. But I try not to become that way myself, either. I bet I know a way to find out. God forfend she be proud, or even unashamed, of the body she's made for herself at considerable effort and expense. Well, then, don't! And kindly oblige the rest of us by declining to do so a little less loudly. also i said exactly what i meant At least forty people disagree with you. You seem very sure they're all wrong. Not necessarily, but it does make your opinion an unpopular one. I'm curious quite what you feel you're getting in exchange for all the effort you've put into advancing it. One step closer to Facebook's second billion. Exactly. Just as Uber only hires human drivers as a means of bootstrapping to self-driving Teslas, Facebook only expands Internet access as a means of bootstrapping to more of itself. Granted. The question stands. > There could have been an interesting article here about the maker scene in China, or the unhealthy way many westerners online attack this woman for her appearance, or how non-stereotypical people can end up interested in the maker scene, or maybe something else. And the article that actually was posted makes for a very workable entrée into all of the above, especially if you take the time to follow links from it or otherwise investigate. > The article did a poor job of making this profile interesting. You're right! But that's excused by the fact that it's an uninteresting article about an interesting person, who sheds light on an interesting culture, about whom and about which probably everyone who's commented in this thread previously knew nothing. In light of that, it strikes me as odd it'd be so divisive. You're right. Between SJWs and anti-SJWs it is pretty much impossible to have a substantial conversation here. That's a shame, and it shouldn't take somebody else pointing it out for me to notice. > There's a lot of this going on in the tech community. No. There's a lot of this going on in Silicon Valley and among its camp followers. This appears to be an inspired and clever attempt to solve a problem which, unfortunately, is already much better addressed by means of dependency injection. I used to think so. > if you consider Coors Light, the mountain beer, to be water What did water ever do to you? With a bomb robot? Doubtful. I've also heard reports that the explosive device was of the type that'd be used to trigger a bomb which couldn't be safely defused in place, rather than a hand grenade. I'm not sure that changes the complexion of the matter substantially, but a hand grenade would likely be somewhat harder for a police force to lay hands upon. > People should just stop killing people. I mean, sure, that'd be nice. Unfortunately, the entire history of our species, to say nothing of every other on the planet, militates strongly against it. Bomb robots are not fast, and while I haven't been following the news all that closely, I strongly doubt that the remaining sniper was given no opportunity to disarm himself and surrender before he was killed. With no cites, it absolutely is. It's not accepting connections right now. > The US is remarkably violent compared to Europe. Has been heretofore, at any rate. Given the effect of mass immigration on the relative homogeneity of European cultures, and the effect on levels of violence of heterogeneity among incompatible cultures, it'll be interesting to see how things play out over the next few decades. I hope you know you're wasting your time here. But if you insist on continuing, you're more likely to get people to listen by concentrating on historical examples of culture clash, and preparing to counter the inevitable Whig-historical "but that can't happen any more because we're all so much betterer and smarterer now!" nonsense. Also, dial back the personal experience stuff, ideally to zero. As a gay man with unacceptable political opinions, I can tell you that "don't erase my lived experience" only works if said experience happens to produce conclusions that agree with what your interlocutors already believe. It's a remarkable stretch to conceptualize self-defense as "[a] purpose of harming others", especially in light of the fact that most in the US who obtain firearms for that purpose don't bother with the formalities around doing so lawfully. For the working sysadmin or devops specialist, what does this offer over e.g. Ansible? And replaced by whom? We have enough trouble recruiting police officers as it is; it's a thankless, dangerous, ill-compensated, and often literally terrible job. Add to that the increasingly common perception that, in exchange for doing your best to protect and preserve your community and your society, you're liable to be thrown under the bus by everyone from your own chain of command to the national legislature and executive for purely political reasons - and is it any wonder that more and more police officers are losing their willingness to risk themselves for a society which, from their point of view, no longer has their back but rather looks for any excuse to plant a knife in it? Who, aside from you, is giving anyone shit here? I'm not saying ShutIt shouldn't exist; I'm asking what, if anything, makes learning it a worthwhile use of my time. Should the answer to that question be "nothing", it's still no judgment on ShutIt's existence; it's just a piece of information useful to people who calibrate their expenditure of attention perhaps differently from the way in which you do. No apology necessary; it's entirely reasonable to have read my original comment in the fashion you did. I've edited it to clarify my intent. I agree that YAML's a mess, but not requiring a client-side agent is a pretty big win in my experience, and to be honest none of the configuration management systems I've used has had a particularly comfortable specification language. No, it's a lot worse than that. Twelve percent of the general public, and that heavily concentrated in the Old South states plus a few conurbations almost entirely east of the Mississippi. Too, that twelve percent gives rise to a disproportionately large fraction of violent crime in the United States. These facts together have an amazingly wide range of deleterious effects. See your own sibling comment from the ShutIt dev. It's hardly as though they're coy about their preference: > For instance, I’m on record as saying [Apple's] most important product, the iPhone, is the best smartphone on the market. So is The Verge overall. ...is the second sentence of an article [1] linked from the words "increasingly subpar" in this line from the article here under discussion: > Of course, these Google apps still don’t feel nearly as integrated into the iPhone as Apple’s own, increasingly subpar, apps. So I don't think it's entirely justified to argue that Verge's general editorial preference for Apple's mobile offerings means they're unwilling to judge those offerings harshly where it's deserved. That said, it's not as though the claims they make in the article under discussion are hard to evaluate for yourself. It's also not as though it even makes sense to claim this article is tainted by a pro-Apple bias; the point they're making is not "android sucks lol", it's that they're amazed the company which makes the Android OS produces consistently better fit and finish in their software for their competitor's OS than for their own. So I'm sort of confused as to what exactly you think you're contributing here. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2016/2/3/10900612/walt-mossberg-appl... Nobody's saying that Puppet or CFEngine isn't the best solution for a lot of cases, only that there are also cases where Ansible, or something like it, is a better choice. You seem to have a serious down on the whole concept behind Ansible, and I'm curious why that is. Have you had a bad experience with it? If so, I'd like to hear about it, in order to better inform my own analysis of the tool. Well, it's either Paypal or it's Mt. Gox; you pays your money and you takes your chances. The Bitcoin market, libertarian-utopian rhetoric aside, seems increasingly to prefer the former to the latter. Switching orientation to landscape and back fits it properly to the viewport. That this should be necessary is vaguely silly, but at least it works. You know, if someone wanted to generate training sets for human social behavior under a given variety of conditions, I bet a game like Ingress would be a great way to go about it. But you'd need a much larger install base, over a broader range of people, to get really worthwhile data. > That said, for me - and I guess for many others - UBI is not like Soviet Union. UBI is like United Federation of Planets. I'm not sure that a concept drawn from explicitly utopian science fiction, whose creator also believed (for example) that workplace interpersonal conflict would cease to exist some time in the next three or four hundred years, is the best principle on which to attempt to develop a coherent real-world theory of economics or government. There is a perception, common across pretty much the entire US political spectrum, that we have nothing to learn from the history of the Soviet Union, and no reason to fear any similarity of outcome. I won't comment on the origins of this perception, or its accuracy. I'll just say I sure do hope it turns out to be correct. > decommissioned some centuries ago Decades, perhaps? (A decade is ten years; a century is one hundred.) Nothing wrong with the sentiment, but the 4chan style isn't going to win you friends here. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spin_coating , most likely. I replaced Google Authenticator with Authy precisely because Google Authenticator doesn't back up correctly. I've found Authy an excellent replacement, and definitely worth the purchase price. Hope that helps. If rampant NIH syndrome is your thing, that might be great. But if rampant NIH syndrome is your thing, you'll write your own anyway, so... Disagree all you like. The same is true of org-mode with reveal, or Marp, or any of myriad other tools. There's no magic to suckless software. It's just a lot more opinionated than most, a trait which plainly suits you well. Who called it useless? But ascribing rampant NIH to suckless is hardly a strain on credulity; otherwise they'd just use FreeBSD, instead of reinventing it piecemeal on the Linux kernel. That depends on how badly miswired they are, I suppose. I'd never have thought there would be anyone who'd want to live in a Peter Watts novel, but here we are. I don't agree that the implication you ascribe is present, or that sent isn't primarily motivated by NIH in the same way that more or less all of the suckless repertoire appears to be, but reasonable people can differ on such points without acrimony. In any case, I'm glad you found something that suits you. Reporters and printing presses rarely run $5 a month. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Is-ought_problem The slogan and program are a Department of Homeland Security thing, so you see it in a lot more places than just NYC. My guess is it's a string attached to some sort of DHS funding. That's an unduly reductive take. A more accurate way to put it would be that, regardless of what should be the case, it's necessary to cope with what is. > America, where black people aren't very rare Actually, in a lot of places they kind of are: a little over 12% of the population, very much concentrated in the Old South states and a relative handful of cities almost all east of the Mississippi. (Six percent of San Francisco's population as of the 2010 census, if you're wondering.) I grew up in the town where James Meredith went to school. In that part of the country, about a fifty-fifty split is normal most places that aren't major cities - I can't guess why, but those tend to be as heavily polarized in the Old South as anywhere else. Outside the cities, and probably for the most part inside them as well, nobody of any skin color really seems to want to start trouble over it. (We had a lot of that kind of trouble in the 1960s, maybe you know, and the strong impression I formed growing up is that while the results aren't perfectly satisfactory to anyone, the compromises are sufficiently so to everyone, and nobody finds the state of things upsetting enough to want to go beyond within-the-system incrementalism.) Beyond that, and not to get at you personally, but nobody where I'm from thinks about "[having] interactions with blacks". That's a chilly, sociological way of looking at things, and it's hard to be chilly and sociological about people with whom you've spent your life cheek by jowl. It's just not the natural frame of mind. On the other hand, since moving away from home and to a city whose black population is twice the size of its white, I've discovered the remarkable experience of being hectored on the subject of racial harmony by white people who choose, for reasons on which it would be invidious of me to speculate, to live where there are almost no black people at all. I've never known a black person from anywhere to assume that, because I'm from Mississippi, I must be racist. I've known plenty of white people from places like New York and California to do exactly that. I don't really know what conclusion, if any, to draw from this, but I sure do find it curious. > https://stuffwhitepeoplelike.com/ which embraces and celebrates "white" culture Seriously? Have you read it at all? I wouldn't assume there is such a thing as a single, monolithic "white culture", to start with. (Or black culture, or Latin culture, or...) Stuff White People Like describes what is specifically the culture of coastal urban white hipsters, which is a relatively small subset of white people in the US. It's really inaccurate to think of those traits as "white culture" period. And I'd call what SWPL does with its subject matter less "celebration" than "savage excoriation". Maybe the people it describes don't take it so; I don't know. I've never yet knowingly run into anyone who took it any other way. > How would you enforce that when working in a big project with many contributors? So what you're saying is that BEM is the Java of CSS? Because that explains a lot. Here's one you can use to delete arbitrary elements from a page by clicking on them. It's handy in this age of unfortunate design decisions. javascript:for(var%20i=0;%20i Same question, but s/running repl in an Emacs buffer/authoring in org-babel/ - I have a hard time seeing Jupyter and friends as anything other than a subset of what people have been using org-babel to do for years, and I'm not really sure whether that's an accurate perception or not. Babel does the same thing; you just press Control-C twice while the cursor is in a code block, and it's evaluated and the results inserted immediately below the code block. (If there are already results there, they're replaced by default, but you can opt to have new ones appended instead.) It's no less interactive than Jupyter; it's just interactive in the paradigm of an Emacs buffer instead of a browser window. A major feature Babel offers, which Jupyter doesn't seem to, is passing data among code blocks in different languages. Any language Babel supports [1] can receive results from any other in the receiving language's native idiom, so there's no need to marshal temporary files or what-have-you in order to exchange data among blocks - Babel takes care of that for you. In a case where multiple transformations are necessary to get from source data to results, this makes it very easy to express each in a language well suited to it, without having to spend a bunch of time and mental energy on menial file shuffling. The same is true for most other representations of data that Org mode supports. In particular, Org tables, which themselves have many features of spreadsheets, can be sourced in code blocks in the same way as the results of other code blocks, and a code block can generate an Org table as a result. These tables can be imported and exported as CSV, too. My work is professional rather than academic, but I can imagine a lot of cases in which this capability would be useful in the latter context, and Jupyter doesn't seem to offer it. (It's hard to tell, because Jupyter's documentation seems pretty thin overall - not something which can be said of Org mode.) On the whole, Jupyter looks like a pretty nifty tool, and one which would be accessible to people who don't already use Emacs. I'm not sure how I would feel about recommending Emacs to someone just for Org mode, although I've heard several people say they picked up Emacs for precisely that reason and have stuck with it. But, if you already use Emacs and don't have contextual reasons (such as everyone else around you using Jupyter) to choose one tool over another, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend investigating Org mode first, because it is very nearly a strict superset of Jupyter. (It'll be a few years before you can easily embed a video in an Emacs buffer; right now you'd need to use a pre-release version with some extra compile options.) [1] http://orgmode.org/worg/org-contrib/babel/languages.html It's soon to be no longer developed, because the Angular team saw a React talk and decided to build their own version that nobody seems to want very much. Oh, good. I didn't have enough maintenance problems to worry about already. Yeah, you've got to watch out for that. Once they reproduce, it can take decades to clear them out. Hey, all that surplus capital enabled the creation of the modern pet food industry. Great example! My BASIC memories are rusty, and more oriented toward Applesoft than Microsoft. But I remember STEP being used to give an optional increment to the FOR statement, rather than setting a line numbering increment - for example, you might FOR i$ FROM 1 TO 10 STEP 2 PRINT i$ NEXT and get back 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, each on its own line. I don't remember a command to set the increment for line numbers, but that may be because I never used a BASIC which didn't either require a number on every line or not care about line numbers except as targets for GOTO and similar. There's a hell of a big difference between an inadvertent result of ill-considered agricultural practices and a deliberate campaign of genocide by starvation. If you're in a situation where you can't fulfill on time, it's even more crucial to keep good communication with your customers than at any other time. The impression I have is that Purism is not succeeding at this. If your turnstiles can't talk to a server, they can't check key revocation lists, and I tend to imagine that in a city the size of New York somebody's going to leak a key every now and again - it's been known to happen with physical keys; why not digital ones, too? The Soviets claimed a lot of things. Of course, so did, and still do, the United States. But it's not for nothing, I think, that you find no shortage of contemporary Soviet and Ukrainian, and modern Russian, attestations of the Holodomor - whereas on the other side of things, not even the furthest right-wing anti-FDR John Birchers ever made even the slightest attempt to claim that any such thing happened in the United States. No one denies the Dust Bowl was bad. No one in the US, as far as I've ever been able to determine, has ever even tried to claim the Dust Bowl was that bad. No-true-Scotsmanism about the Soviet Union and communism is a hell of a hill to pick to die on in 2016. I don't envy you. But my sympathy is strictly limited by the fact that your choice of ideology causes you to bring it on yourself. It's a Farnsworth fusor, of course it's not. It's an enormous accomplishment for a couple of high school kids all the same - kind of makes you think of Rocket Ship Galileo , minus the moon Nazis. It's not possible to fulfill a promise more than once, no. But a Promise.all method, while outside the A+ spec, conventionally returns a promise for the resolution of all promises in the array passed as an argument; if all those promises are fulfilled, so will be the promise returned by .all, while if any of them is rejected, so will be the etc., etc. So the browser example given in the Allora Github readme is perfectly reasonable. It's the exact same kind of thing you do when, for example, you need to await the completion of multiple separate HTTP requests in order to do something with all of their results. While, again, .all isn't part of the A+ standard, this is perfectly conventional and unremarkable behavior; not only is it unsurprising to see in a library like this one, it would be exceptional in its absence if it weren't there. That said, I would be curious to see Allora compared with, for example, Bluebird's "promisifyAll" method, which appears to do much the same thing. Grandparent misunderstood the post as talking about taking the armrest apart, not the headphones. Nothing to see here. I hope it's a very long time before acting to further the interests of the United States becomes a crime in the United States. Edited to add: And I'm really surprised to see several people, I doubt any of whom would find positive connotations in the phrase "American exceptionalism", nonetheless arguing by trivial implication that the United States should unilaterally engage in military operations, within the territory of a sovereign state then being courted toward alliance, in order to change the outcome of a secessionist insurrection then taking place within that state. But this one has an Apple Watch app! You can have your KPIs on your wrist! Because anyone's ever wanted that, ever! Realpolitik is not well loved on Hacker News. > Our tests, including venous draws, require smaller samples than traditional labs. This seems highly suspect, considering that their venous draws were processed on the same equipment as that used by "traditional labs", following the same procedures as those used by "traditional labs" - or so, at least, have run the company's claims, when they're arguing that only the Edison tests are invalid, and that the non-Edison tests are as reliable as those performed by "traditional labs". I don't see how both sets of claims can be true at once. Only a fool would think otherwise. But I don't see how that's significant here; opening diplomatic relations with China in the midst of the Cold War was very much in the interests of the United States. I eagerly await your argument for how unconstrained Soviet imperial expansion into Western Europe would've advanced US interests. Neither of those authors wrote anything that's relevant in this context, so I'm not really sure where you're going with this. > Your web browser. My web browser isn't interacting autonomously with HN. It has a human driving it. > almost the entire rest of it can be written in, say, Lua Or Lisp. :) I'm guessing low resolution in whatever dataset was used. Or maybe just a man who felt a stronger loyalty to his country than to his ethnic group. If that's the difference, it means either: - Theranos' vein-stick patients, in the aggregate, got stuck more often than patients whose bloodwork was processed by other "traditional labs", because their vein stick samples didn't include the usual amount of padding; or - Theranos' "traditional", i.e. non-Edison, results were more than ordinarily bogus, too, because they didn't have enough sample to rerun questionable results and didn't poke another hole in the patient to get more. Neither seems a point in favor. See https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12123670 for what appears to be a strongly conspiracy-theoretical view of the matter. (I realize that "conspiracy theory" bears a strong negative connotation, but I'm not really sure what else to call it - "cybernetic", in the sense of that discipline, is the closest neutral adjective I came up with, but that doesn't really seem to capture it.) Suggested reading: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/books/non_fictionreviews/... > I do not subscribe to a requirement that criticism must contain solutions. The Cold War is part of the past. No solution is necessary, or indeed even possible. You're not being asked to provide one, but instead to defend the historiography you've been at some pains in this and other threads to advance. Would you like to do so? ...which, if true, would have resulted either in Soviet domination of Europe, or, when Soviet and American ambitions bluntly collided, a hot war instead of a cold one. It may be possible to regard either of these outcomes as preferable to the one which actually occurred, but I have to confess myself unable to imagine how. Don't mistake me for being particularly starry-eyed about American imperial ambitions, or America in general; I'm a nationalist by default, because I'd rather live in a strong country than a weak one, not because I'm especially in love with its frankly rather adolescent national mythos. That said, based on all the historical evidence I've seen, if I had to choose between living in an American satrapy or a Soviet one, I'd take the former without a qualm. US history isn't without its stains, but in all things there are degrees, and to claim there's nothing to choose between the two powers is arrantly ahistorical. Not ridiculous at all. Ants lay pheromone trails for others to follow; I'd surmise that encountering a dead ant provokes a live one to lay a "danger" trail as it retreats. It'll need to grow a concept of "I" first, and that's probably not very likely; there's a reasonable case that self-awareness is an evolutionary cul-de-sac. Yes, because he is a bad person and his followers are bad people. Leslie Jones is a good person and her followers are good people, so in her case a different standard applies. If you want to go where the crowd is, you do. How long does a modern machine need to copy off the contents of a couple of CDs? Were the discs in tamper-evident packages? Probably none, but you don't stay a power in the modern world by turning up your nose at any kind of information that comes your way. I laugh because I must not cry. > I also don't think they'd have sat there, chattering away, if a man had used the same framing story (father and son, father and daughter). What would you have said if they had? When did she actually confront anyone in person? > What OP described is just heckling Nah, heckling takes volume. You don't heckle sotto voce for just your buddies to hear. You do it at the top of your lungs for everyone in the room to hear. Say what you like about heckling, it takes a certain degree of grit. > Are there immune-boosting workshops where children are exposed to allergens of all kinds (perhaps gradually increasing the exposure)? Yes. They're called "the outside world", and hard as this is to believe, you can sometimes even find your child a spot in one free of charge! Now it's easier than ever, and just as meaningful! Does it still count as mansplaining when the subject is why all women should agree with, and behave like, people who use the word "mansplaining"? Probably, since "Skype for Business" is a renamed Microsoft Lync and has basically no technology in common with Skype per se. (Its user experience is also terrible, but differently so.) The first non-boilerplate-header line in b.c: /* lasciate ogne speranza, voi ch'intrate. */ Well, that's encouraging... ("Abandon all hope, you who enter here.") They don't even go for $100 a pop at retail, much less at white-box wholesale. Consciousness wants to live forever because it can't conceive of a world in which it doesn't exist - the thought is unthinkable and the idea is frightening. Brain uploading seems like a solution to that problem, until you realize there's no reason to assume that the uploaded copy once made is me any more, and any number of excellent reasons to assume it isn't. > What do you think "you" are exactly? A durable process, running on a human brain, that refers to itself in the first person singular and has a nasty habit of assuming it's the whole point of the exercise. (And which does something like checkpointing so that, when it crashes and comes back up, it can restore some state and pretend it's the same process as it was at last checkpoint.) This process can be impaired or disabled entirely, whether permanently by brain lesions or temporarily by transcranial magnetic stimulation. "I" can be made to believe it is dead, or to cease functioning entirely. Curiously, this does not result in the state commonly described as "unconsciousness" - itself a telling choice of name. Humans in this state remain aware of their environments and exhibit executive and cognitive function. While cognition is often somewhat deranged and maintenance of the body lacking, the possibility is quite real that humans can, and perhaps do, function perfectly well without any self-awareness whatsoever. I find this idea disquieting, but then of course I would, because it suggests "I" am far from the irreducible essence "I" like to imagine "myself" to be, and indeed this body might function more to both its own benefit and that of society if "I" did not exist at all. The instinct toward self-preservation appears to inhere in consciousness as well as in the organism entire, so of course it makes sense that consciousnesses should fancy the idea of preserving their existence, even as copies with no ongoing continuity of identity past the point of duplication, at a frankly astonishing resource investment with its concomitant opportunity cost. Nonexistence is after all the ultimate terror for something whose most fundamental verity is the basically egotistical axiom that it exists. But the very fact that this idea of self-preservation at ruinous cost seems other than prima facie absurd to consciousness is in itself perhaps evidence that consciousness is maladaptive. No. From my perspective, I'm the real one and the other is the copy; from the copy's perspective, the opposite situation obtains. Both are both right and wrong. The complication is that each thinks of himself as "I". But that only matters if you think of "I" as something separate, magical, not bound by the ordinary constraints that make it possible to distinguish things from other things. In other words: mind/body duality. Which, if true, negates the whole concept of brain uploading, both because you can't capture a soul merely by copying the meat it animates, and because you don't need to. Not really. If destroying the body destroys the soul, it's not a soul, but a mind. Well, of course, may a merciful God forfend we allow children to waste time . Gotta make sure Junior's up to the admission process for a top-tier pre-K, after all. Whether "I" runs on a Baudrilliard machine is orthogonal to whether a copy of "I" is still "I" to "I" - and why would it be, with no shared sensorium? - which is the point I'm making. Elementary indistinguishability is orthogonal and I'd like to say it's kinda basic for the level at which this conversation is operating, but there's so many unexamined assumptions and so much consciousness chauvinism flying around in here, who knows what's too basic to be worth mentioning. tl;dr Internet fails to turn China into America; Americans frightened, baffled. "Life as a simulation" theory doesn't really concern itself with plausible technology, any more than space opera does, and yet there are people who take both seriously and in at least some part model themselves on that basis. Plausibility doesn't really seem to be their major concern. Wrap that link in a referer stripper, please. Otherwise it redirects to a NSFW expression of jwz's low regard for Hacker News. "Serious problems" is pretty disingenuous. They're facing increased risk as a result of using updated 2nd-generation technology, rather than licensing the Westinghouse AP-1000 design at enormous cost. They're aware of the chance they're taking, but they also seem to consider that less of a risk than being beholden to a US firm. Whether that's an accurate assessment in the long run or not, it's their choice to make, and not one the US would be likely to emulate - after all, we've got Westinghouse and the AP-1000 design right here. We've also got a much more thoroughly developed uranium production pipeline and a similar extent of available reserves, which means we won't face the same structural problems China does in ramping up fuel production - they're essentially having to build that process from scratch, and there's only so far it's worth letting your plant production outpace your ability to fuel the reactors you're building. Why not take a look at the code injected by 1Password's browser extension and find out for yourself whether it handles URLs safely? That shouldn't be hard to do, and it's a lot healthier for the community than discouraging devs to participate by taking their presence as an opportunity for drive-by pot shots. Out of curiosity, does this apply only to Chrome's extension framework, or to Firefox's and Safari's as well? Context: I'm a new 1Password user who is contemplating use of the extensions for those latter two browsers, and while it seems probable their extension frameworks offer the level of security you describe, I'd like to be certain before pulling the trigger. Thanks! Neat, thanks! I did speak rather harshly in my prior comment, and for that I apologize. Worse, I did a very poor job of expressing the concern that motivated me to respond. But I think it's still fair to ask whether your initial comment has value. I understand that, as a user of 1Password's browser extension(s), you may well feel some concern that a similar vulnerability exists, and I don't think it's unreasonable to want reassurance on that score. But I think your phrasing and framing of the question feels a lot more like a "gotcha" than anything else, and it's that feeling which motivated my prior comment - I'm not an AgileBits dev myself, but if I were, I'd feel strongly inclined to shy away from that question rather than trying to frame an answer that doesn't leave me open to a potentially hostile followup. Thank you for making my point for me. Here in the US, we're not constrained by fuel shortages, and we don't have to make ourselves beholden to a potentially hostile foreign state in order to take advantage of the AP-1000 design. We also have the world's broadest and deepest reservoir of institutional knowledge on the subject of nuclear power - a technology invented in the United States, and which we have arguably developed to the greatest extent of any nation on Earth, even if we have thus far chosen not to reap the full benefits of our efforts. You're right that we aren't building out modern nuclear technology as well as we could be. But we aren't facing the same structural limitations China is, and we therefore do not face a similar choice between unpalatable options. The deficit we face is merely one of will - that is, we're not building out new nuclear because we can't , but rather because the very same people who inveigh most strongly against ignoring AGW have an ideological and frankly emotional objection to modern nuclear infrastructure, an objection which arises entirely from industrial accidents which occurred with technology now half a century old, and from which the industry has learned. To be quite clear, I have significant concerns of my own with how new nuclear is likely to be implemented. Specifically, as I've stated in this forum and others, the existence of a profit motive around the operation and safety management of nuclear reactors is in my opinion a substantial risk. That risk is, however, susceptible of mitigation or elimination by quite realistic measures, and even if left completely as is, collapses into negligibility alongside the risks posed by either continuing to ignore AGW, or building a response that relies entirely on ill-tested, seasonally variable, and enormously inefficient power generation methods to supply life-critical baseload power. Without taking a stance on either side of this contentious issue, I would note that it should be technically feasible to offer an option which would auto-block any account that hasn't established a certain extent of "not a troll sockpuppet" bona fides - for example, by being more than a few weeks old, and having a certain degree of engagement with the community at large. Accounts which fail to meet these criteria, and persist in attempts to abuse someone already recognized as being targeted, might be automatically suspended or banned. I don't care for Twitter particularly, but it's a thing that exists, and it's not likely to go away any time soon. And I don't care for shitposter brigades at all . As the current brouhaha demonstrates, manual intervention in high-profile cases is no solution at all. Twitter's engineering team is easily capable of an automated solution; all they need is for their management to turn them loose on the problem. I'm not sure why that hasn't yet happened. Of course it's impossible for any automated solution to make everyone happy - but what we're looking at right now is a response that has made everyone unhappy . Twitter can do better. I hope they take this incident as sufficient reason to do so. Not at all. But I would be interested to hear what sort of bias you saw in my prior comment. I mean, I don't think you're wrong, but beyond the downvotes, I only have my own perspective to go on here, and I'd appreciate the benefit of having yours as well. Fair. I would, though, expect someone whose HN profile identifies him as an experienced full-stack engineer to be up to the challenge of spotting something as basic as an extension injecting code into untrusted DOM and trusting the results that code gives back. Of course you're absolutely right. What I'd really like to see out of Twitter is a fair, unbiased moderation team that's up to the challenge of operating at Twitter scale. But I'm not even sure that's possible , and even if it is, it'll take a long time to build - and in the meantime, a system like the one I sketched in my prior comment, augmented with an ability to communicate "hey something looks to be going on here" to human moderators when necessary, seems like a reasonable stepping stone. >This ignores the economic and construction issues that nuclear plants have. Engineering problems with known solutions, were we only to implement them. > There seems to be a fundamental misunderstanding by some about what the fight against climate change actually entails. If that's so, it's a result of the rhetoric employed by many on the conventional, non-nuclear anti-AGW side. For example, you're the first person I've ever heard espouse this kind of incrementalism on CO2 figures. For most rhetoric on the subject, "apocalyptic" is not too strong a term. I think a lot of nuclear advocates adopt their position on the basis that it's the most effective available response if things really are that bad. And then we get confused when people would rather keep technologies that spew filth constantly into the air, instead of accepting a very slight increased risk of localized and contained industrial accidents which are costly but not deadly. (Yeah, I know: Chernobyl and Fukushima. No one is proposing we build RBMKs in the US, and unlike Japan, if we want to build 2nd-gen BWRs safe from tsunamis, we have ample inland territory on which to do so.) If it's a choice between nuclear power and civilizational collapse involving megadeaths, that seems like a no-brainer. If it's not such a choice, it's fair to ask why so many people have done so much to make it seem so. Honestly, I think the environmental movement has shot itself in the foot here in a huge way. Decades of painting nuclear power as Satan incarnate has made it politically impossible, indeed unthinkable, to include new, safe nuclear as the foundation of a strategy addressing AGW with a truly sustainable generation architecture, so what we're left with is quarter measures and cheese-paring fractionalism - changing lightbulbs to save the world. Because you can't fairly evaluate the offering if you can't see it until after you've already given away the item of value (in this case, your email address) in exchange for which the offering is made. > In accordance with the use policy of the Facebook APIs you can't require a like in exchange for something. Unless you're Facebook, I guess: https://www.facebook.com/business/facebook-wifi Sure, those are worse, but it's a difference of kind rather than degree. I mean, I can download, print, and view offline maps from OpenStreetMap, too. That's free and it doesn't play cheesy games to get my information. Why should I care about AllTrails, which does? (I feel like I should note that the default presumption here is of sketchiness, not uprightness. Maybe that's unfair, and maybe there are a lot of us out here who've been hosed often enough by bait-and-switch games that anything which smells of yet another one gets tarred with the same brush. I don't think that's an argument against the article's thesis, you know?) Respect really isn't Schneidermann's thing.