More importantly: will it get you laid? Consider a pressure cooker too, especially for the beans. Well done, but I don't see a whole lot of value in it. It's not the rates and terms -- it's handing over piles of cash to corrupt governments and hoping they'll spend it wisely. I know the readership here does not represent the general population of the internet, but have any of you ever purchased a product/service from an ad served up in a non-search context? I see what you've done there. It's the power efficiency that appeals to me. I want a home server that I can leave on 24/7 without putting a dent in my power bill. I'm forced to use Outlook at work and search is unusable. Google Desktop to the rescue! I recommend AppleCare for their laptops. Normally product insurance is a scam but I've had issues with 3 mac laptops so far (still love 'em though). What are your hate points about CentOS? Lua has been on my "todo" list for a while. Looks like there's already a framework out there: http://www.keplerproject.org I have fond memories of Slashdot. I remember in the early days reading this really inspiring essay about Lisp by some guy. That said, I'll glance at it once a day but will rarely dive in. I worry that Reddit will suffer the same fate. There's definite room for improvement in this area, maybe even a new startup or two... Yes, indeed! I bought my macbook just so I could parade it around to show my superiority. The fact that the general user experience is better than windows and requires less tinkering than linux had nothing to do with it. I'm almost done reading it. It is rather depressing to see all that talent and time go to waste. "First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win." -- Mahatma Gandhi You are spot on. A stellar case of youth not being wasted on the young. I would think PG could whip up a quick page off the logs: http://www.hostip.info/dl/index.html Not when it is material to the operations of a public company. I would have liked to see some recommendations rather than just hand-wringing. My understanding is the crux of problem was the arm-twisting that went into having the ratings agencies grade them as low risk (make it look pretty if you want our business in the future). I would think that the best "free market" solution would be increased transparency and tools to get these transactions out of the shadows. Oracle has been replaced by Postgres. AOLServer is still going strong, but I guess it's not sexy enough to compete with RoR et al. The only thing about the rule of law here is not getting caught. These laws are about controlling the population, not protecting them. Here is where your "illegal drugs" thinking goes: http://www.reason.com/news/show/124947.html Worked for VCRs.... I hope so. I'm in the same boat (plus a couple years) and have my sights set on doing a startup as well. That said, I wish I had pursued this 20 years ago when I had more time, energy, and freedom -- but I guess I wasn't ready then. Right now I'm actually focusing on getting a new job (laid off just recently). I have a potential partner (same age/situation) who is not a hacker but would be a good compliment to my skillset. I have a vision for a product that would hopefully rock the project management landscape. If only I had 6 months locked with a fellow coder... I'll have to settle for a couple hours a day trying to make a convincing demo to sell the dream. Harrison Bergeron, by Kurt Vonnegut http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrison_Bergeron The current approach with biofuels is a debacle -- algae is clearly the way to go. That said, biofuels are not the only thing that comprises "green energy". Solar, wind, geothermal all have their place. Let's also not forget increasing energy efficiency and otherwise reducing waste that have direct economic benefits... Agreed. Those billion$ in subsidies going to coal, oil and nuclear don't make for much of a level playing field, do they? Most clock radios suck. If Apple can bring ease of use, style, and (dare I say it: fun) to the household I would buy. The shareholders are not making these decisions (directly), the Board of Directors is. And who is on the BOD? Why other CEOs who expect their actions to be reciprocated. This is [logrolling]( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logrolling ). The talk about short term profit taking being driven by the market is BS as well. If a company were to take actions that would depress its earning in the short term for the sake of (demonstrable) long term growth and profits, the smart segment of the market would recognize that and respond favorably. One partial solution: outlaw stock options in publicly traded companies. Use cash bonuses and have the usual Employee Stock Purchase Plan that provides a 15% discount on investing in the company. There are neither 4 nor 3 possibilities: it was given that one child is a girl. So it's either GB or GG. 50% FTW. Would you have the citation for the studies that have shown damage done by ecstasy? There was a minor mistake in one study that used methamphetamine instead of MDMA: http://www.erowid.org/chemicals/mdma/mdma_research2.shtml . I'm curious, who else do you want to shoot? AMD has a market cap of 1.70B, they could fold that in too. My take: the suggestion that anybody should be pursuing nuclear weapons to solve socioeconomic issues. They gotta pay the bills too. Wait a week and read the stale copy. No both sides can, it's the Left that admits it. My father-in-law who toiled in the valley for many a year told me: "all those projects I worked late nights and weekends on -- they're all in landfills now". That said, he was able to cash out ok.... Check out Ritalin via your doctor. How about S5, ported to jquery? http://staticfree.info/projects/jqs5 No, but marketing requires them in order to be buzzword-compliant. It's all nature. Nurture is what you do with it. Murdoch did by proxy for 8 years. It wasn't pretty. STFU, perhaps. But wouldn't it be wonderful to hack our government to effect change in same (think wikileaks meets The Daily Show). We could have transparency via open source tools and translate public knowledge to public action. All we need are public records for every public penny spent in an open format. There might be some difficulties in getting that.... What free market? Open source to boot! http://openbluedragon.org/ For example, Apple's product line prior to the return of Steve Jobs. It also has multiple return values. As agl noted, it has iterators: http://golang.org/doc/go_spec.html#RangeClause Think of the synergy it could have when coupled with Geocities. This of i.e. as 'that is' and e.g. as "example given'. There's an added bonus to restoring backups on a regular (daily) basis: a one day old instance of the production environment is always available as a playground for training, dev or qa. Here's a way to easily do it with style: http://datatables.net/1.5-beta/extras/TableTools/ I read the story. My comment was a reply to a comment (not the story itself) which I felt was germane. Combine that with the local paper and online/sms. Reading your comment, I thought it has something to do with cigarettes. Let them audit and consult instead. It sounds like 'leasing' rather than 'renting', both of which are different than 'buying'. No. The positive power of mockery needs to be embraced -- shame seems to have no effect. Not rivers, but aquifers: http://www.svtc.org/site/PageServer?pagename=svtc_silicon_va... Bah. "Never Mind the Bollocks" still sounds good to this day. Sounds like a jitney. Add in onboard wifi, the ability to request pickup via geo-enabled sms. Bigger question is how much would such a service cost to be profitable to run, and would people pay that much? And another successful adaptation to film (IMHO). That's the best part--you don't die. You might even live a little. Well, there is the issue of educational content... Please define how 'progressivism' equals 'spending into oblivion'. Does that include the 2 wars the U.S. has been waging for the last 7 years? Any employee intent on stealing company IP would likely do so before giving notice. How did you get the geolocation to work? It correctly noted I'm in the SF Bay Area but my IP address normally shows for Richardson, TX (thanks alot, AT&T). No. Apple is not the only software solution for mobile devices. Noted in the comments of the article is that less is moving to JavaScript. http://github.com/cloudhead/less.js Thanks to LSD? Perhaps to mental issues that already existed? http://www.instantrimshot.com/ But I wasn't saying it was risk free, just that it isn't fair to blame LSD for "damaging the mind" when the mind may already be damaged. The worst part of insomnia (for me) is that I'm too tired to do anything productive and that time is completely wasted. Yes freedom is good. Slander, libel, and shouting "Fire!" (falsely) in a crowded theater are bad. A delicate dance indeed. Yes, the union doesn't come off very well except for one interesting bit: the same workers and union went from crap to good when management changed. I have yet to hear a cogent argument against legalization. But this presumes that keeping it illegal prevents people from using it, and it clearly doesn't. Mandatory drug tests are common already (Home Depot does drug tests on all employees -- don't you feel safer about hardware?) People's performance are also impacted by stress, sleep deprivation, etc. - they should be monitored for performance, not blood chemistry. >It's certainly an area that needs a lot more research before legalization occurs. No it doesn't. It's safer than other existing legal drugs: http://www.saferchoice.org/content/view/24/53/ A gallery of loser stoners: http://coedmagazine.com/2009/02/06/the-10-most-successful-po... And if it is a concern about people's health, why is it treated as a criminal matter? How many drunks do you know? The articles are usually rather high quality (although it's been years since I've looked). It's too bad they don't sell a 'lite' version w/o the nude pix. Most milk is pasteurized so the heating step isn't needed to kill bad stuff. It does have another affect: it denatures the proteins and makes for a thicker and creamier yogurt. I wonder if there's a cross-platform solution for all of this I think it's called a "web browser". I was hoping that this would be an effort to transition the content from video to smart html5 markup. The lessons themselves are obviously valuable, but it would be nice to have it done w/ text, JS animation and optional audio. Just for a year. Why not focus on how to make stuff more efficiently locally, i.e., robotics? At least that could keep some manufacturing jobs local. Good idea. Make it a user selectable option. They're just words arranged in a particular order That ordering of words might actually convey some insights into life, love, and other such follies. Maybe in the act of memorizing it this may come through. I think that such a call should be relatively straightforward. A picture of a naked child is not pornography unless there is explicit sexual context, i.e., touching of genitals, etc. Otherwise, a naked child in a bathtub, pool or such activity is the picture of innocence itself. If there was doubt, bring it before a jury of one's peers as opposed to some back-room morality police. Alcohol has been known to cause people to do stupid and harmful things too, e.g., drunk driving. I quit many times in many ways, each time because I wanted to stop smoking. It was only when I didn't want to smoke that it actually stuck. Maybe that's too zen-like, but that's my story. Unless one is a chipper ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chipper_(tobacco) ), it's an all or nothing thing. Just let go. folklore.org would be a likely candidate. Currently only Apple but they say the intent is to expand its scope. More of a "tax and regulate", which is a step towards legalization. The fact that redbox was not a blockbuster development is final proof of why blockbuster should die. I think the real win would be to transform the video to html5: transcribe the text and drawings, add some basic "slideshow" like control of the text (syncing his narration to the text. The result should require much less cpu/bandwidth/storage. One could load up a new kindle with the entire contents and have one hell of a "magic textbook". A MacArthur award should be headed his way. Ack! left/right != communist/capitalist. I consider myself a progressive and am pro-capitalism. Try burning bibles and/or American flags down there and see how that goes. Fifth grade. My understanding is that it should be: Melinda Gates, Hero. When she connected the plight of many of the world's children to that of their own he got it. It makes complete sense to be legal (and even taxed and regulated). Religious fundies will never let it happen. Funnier still, I see it the opposite way: reddit discussions are, more often than not, more valuable than the articles themselves (although the s/n ratio is diminishing). Same is true for HN, but the s/n ratio remains quite high. They should first be able to handle their own data before asking for favors: http://www.infoworld.com/d/developer-world/anatomy-it-disast... Perfect example of such: TED Talks. I beg to differ: struggling to learn is not fun, practice and homework are not fun, learning something that seems pointless is not fun. Learning without the above constraints is fun. What? And give up show business?! In all fairness, without the return of Jobs that probably would have been ok. Robert Anton Wilson: The Illuminati Trilogy (rethink your thinking) Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal (very spiritual in its own way, but highly entertaining) There's a Thai restaurant in my town (Alameda) that claims to have "Largest Longest standing Carrera Track in the United States". I go for the tasty food but my kids are enthralled by the cars. http://www.homeroomracingcafe.net/ (warning, their web page will offend any and all web design sensibilities) Steve Jobs comes to mind as a perfect example (in the positive sense). If you're not trolling I'd love to hear why. I've yet to hear a cogent reason that supports your opinion. That's quite the jump. If you hadn't stated elsewhere that you don't consume cannabis, I would say that you are high. People use and abuse drugs. Get over it. If you actually do care about the impact of drugs on other people you should be focusing on making sure that any harm from doing so is minimized by: a. Creating safe markets for the production, distribution, and consumption of all drugs b. Providing education and health resources to make sure that users of drugs can make informed choices and get help when needed. There's also the issue of less sunlight in winter, therefore less Vitamin D. For git, perhaps, but subversion has Tortoise SVN which integrates nicely with windows explorer. And I just googled before posting, but it looks like it's been ported to git: http://code.google.com/p/tortoisegit I'm glad you don't live in CA. There is a war on evolution by the religious right. How is one to try to take that on without talking about God? But is has everything to do with the "debate" over evolution, i.e., if evolution doesn't exist how did we get here? It's maddening that this is even taken place, but it is. In the videos I've seen of Dawkins he's been polite, respectful, and very well spoken. I've seen enough mention of 3 & 4 on this site to say it fits in well with this crowd. I'd recommend checking out Philip K. Dick for science fiction worth reading (more on the nature of self than on rocket ships). 'Island' should be required reading, right along with 'Brave New World'. Bill Moyers is a respected journalist. You have some solid competition in this space: http://www.tableausoftware.com/ Let's all jump on the character assassination bandwagon! What I've read so far is that "No" means "condom failure" or how dare you not call me back: http://takimag.com/article/julian_assanges_honey_trap_thats_... Add some "Trash Talk" buttons and you've got a winner. There's plenty to be angry about. Or stoned. I hear it's a special kind of hungry. They are stealing content from instructables.com -- how is that excellent? It appears from the outset that Evergreen was operating in bad faith in accepting government stimulus, but they did have their back against the wall. China has dirt cheap labor, no pollution regulations and strong government support -- how can any US manufacturing survive against that? > But that has very little to do with classical banking I don't think anybody here is against that. I do recall that not too recently some not so classical banking organizations received billions upon billions of public funds to rescue them from their mistakes. Perhaps that might be a cause for revulsion? Yoshi's in Oakland CA is a jazz nightclub that is right next to the train tracks. IIRC, they spent over a million dollars to isolate the performance space. Bingo! The quality of the information is high but the presentation quality is, ah, um, has room for improvement. Transcribing the narration and converting the "chalkboard" to text/svg/flash/whathaveyou would be a huge win. Perhaps I'm naive, but with today's technology (GPS, processing power for scheduling, communications, etc.) and a modest investment in some more switching tracks (compared to high speed rail) why couldn't we saturate the bus? Because of geography and property rights this is pretty much a monopoly as a class of transport. And while the government's stewardship of rail thus far is not seen as a paragon of efficiency or customer service ( http://reason.com/archives/2005/12/01/amtrak-sucks ), the only way to make this work would be to have the tracks effectively nationalized. Class 1 Railroads of North Ameria http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Class1rr.png Not to be too snarky, but your profile shows you've been a member for less than a year -- complaining about the "new kids" is rather ironic. Now Apple just has to buy them and make it standard. Wii works very well -- it's unique and can be thought of as "we play together" and "whee! this is fun!" Sex too: VCRs and AOL definitely benefitted. I would downvote you if I could. Alcohol is plenty cheap -- use that as your model for what happens when a cheap and potentially addictive drug is available in society. Apparently the thread is too deep to reply to you directly: but yes, I have tried hard drugs and walked away. My brother was not so lucky -- he died of a heroin overdose. I have lost other friends to meth. My mother was an alcoholic who died homeless. Is that enough "cred"? I don't want to flame you but your attitude just makes me crazy angry. The drug wars have nothing to do with protecting people from hurting themselves -- it's just another tool for controlling the masses. I will return the favor and suggest that your attitude about this is rather naive. Drugs are out there. People will want to use them even if you don't. You cannot make them go away. The sensible "adult" approach to this is to legalize them all, tax and regulate the hell out of them and be prepared to help those that need help. Simple, cost-effective, and respectful of peoples personal choices. A submission like this is exactly what HN is about. Redbox is another example of their lack of vision. Indeed! Tablets have been around for years and suddenly there's an Apple logo on one and the fanboys act like it's some sort of technical advance.... What about java development? It doesn't always work out well. My city's entry into broadband was a colossal disaster that ended up losing millions of dollars: http://www.eastbayexpress.com/eastbay/the-other-shoe-in-alam... Fond memories of Ballblazer. An amazing creation for a ~2 MHz 8 bit cpu. There is the issue of BHA in can linings: http://www.consumerreports.org/cro/magazine-archive/december... Child porn is the literal embodiment of a "think of the children!" tactic to erode civil rights without resistance. For ads, fine. That was the deal from the very beginning. But they do shut the doors on patrons who might. Almost. There's the little trick of getting establishment buy-in. Now they call it Ritalin. A wonderful slogan for meditation: "There's nothing to it" Why be efficient when you can get all the money you want anyway? You can't necessarily block information, but you can drown it in disinformation. This can be partially mitigated: http://stereopsis.com/flux/ Double dipping? Is that factoring in the sales tax that was never collected in the first place? Way to ignore the notion of intent when evaluating a "crime". I disagree -- I was referring to the "ultimate" intent of openness and transparency. Shall we focus on the intent of the Woolworth's lunch counter sit-in as a purposefulness to deprive white people of their midday repast? Edit (appending as reply chain is too deep): Thomas, I see you that your focus is computer security, so I can understand how you are focusing on the breach of security and not the end goal. Perhaps I'm naive, but from the posting this thread is discussing it appears that his intentions clearly are honorable. One observation that really bugged me: > The burden is now on technically-skilled users to find out how to get where they want to go. It’s hard to argue with this logic. There should be no burden. Good UI should be scalable to let the 95% in to do their thing with no thought and no worries, but "expert mode" should follow that same mindset while exposing details. The main daily newspaper in San Francisco had a front page article trumpeting a "takedown" of a child porn ring. I commented online that this was an advertisement by the government to encourage surrendering our rights to "protect the children". The reaction was pure hate for my posting because it was defending pedophiles (it wasn't). It felt like an angry mob that had nothing but revenge on its mind. This is why the efforts to destroy all privacy will succeed. For the kids. Yeah, that's it. What artful trolling! Likely all the interested partys already know this. I'd rather work smart than work hard any day. The "War on Terror" fits that bill nicely. But it demo'd so well! And what will pay for that vibrant, creative, interesting place otherwise? It's a joke -- Dell had said the same about Apple way back when. They can't help it, it's their nature. I'm reminded of this every time I leave a voicemail and have to listen to the lengthy instructions on how to use it -- not to be informative, but to up your talk time. And how does that make HP any money? I upvoted you. I would like to learn how to do REST "right", and (for me) it's easier to learn by playing with a working example that deals with "real world" issues as opposed to abstract snippets that only show how APIs get used. Any further insights/examples/pointers would be greatly appreciated. And how do your kids feel about this lifestyle? I was being snarky and trying to make a point -- that it appears to be a young person's sport that would not work for many in the world like myself: married, mortgaged, middle-aged, multiplied, minivan'd. edit: I wish I could do what your doing. In the meantime, I shall persevere in creating my solo startup in my "free time". Having no formal CS education (I consider myself a coder, not a programmer) I found your spell checker example to be intimidatingly beautiful. It feels like learning to play guitar and hearing Hendrix play: it's fun to do it but kind of depressing knowing I'll never come close. That's rather sanctimonious. edit below: ghoulish: 1. strangely diabolical or cruel; monstrous: a ghoulish and questionable sense of humor. 2. showing fascination with death, disease, maiming, etc.; morbid: ghoulish curiosity. 3. of, pertaining to, or like a ghoul or ghouls. sanctimonious: Making a show of being morally superior to other people. Steve is Apple. He created it, he saved it from death. There's only one logical reason why he would step down and people are mentioning that. It's too bad that your sensibilities are offended. Bah! I don't want ads that are fun. I want ads that are selling me things I want. #1 and #2 are still more of the same "social advertising" bullshit. The last bit is where it gets interesting. I'm in this position but I'm not going to let it stop me. The best lesson I've learned from HN is that I don't have to do it all myself (even as a solo founder). I need to learn how to outsource intelligently. Not there yet, but the wheels are slowly turning.... Kids grow up really fast, and there are no do-overs. I'm a progressive (or something like that) and I enjoyed your post and upvoted accordingly. I'm also a fan of Matt Taibbi but recognize that his hyperbole tends to distract from the message (he tends to channel the spirit of Hunter S. Thompson). Despite this, he's one of the few journalists out there who is actively taking on the greed-heads who are looting the US economy. I've looked at that as well, but one of the reviews scared me away: http://www.amazon.com/review/R33CBCI3HRGKDJ/ref=cm_srch_res_... Instead I'm going for exposure to any light in the morning and breaking the fast with a small snack. You are a lucky man to have such a wonderful mother, and to realize it as well. We are equally lucky because she did a great job with you and all of HN has benefited greatly from your contributions. I've taken note of what she has told you and will try do do my best to absorb and apply it to my own children. Peace to you and your family. e.g., node.js + coffeescript? Or use a bluetooth keyboard? I'm guilty of paying taxes to support it but beyond that I'm quite against it. The government doesn't seem to value my opinion on the matter. Like Oxycodone? His name is Robert Paulson. But they get free acupuncture and organic food! Shove it up your nose! http://www.doctoryourself.com/nasal.html It's been done: http://wonderpizzausa.com/ Oops. Bad example, appears to vend only pre-made pizzas. This one actually makes it from scratch: http://www.letspizza.co.uk/gallery.html Hollywood said the VCR would kill them. Then they said the DVD would kill them. They don't have the best track record in this regard... Occupy! They should definitely contact the police about that unlawful behavior. I believe the hype is for what it is shaping up to be, not what it is at this moment. Sounds like a job for Thorium Man! http://www.ted.com/talks/kirk_sorensen_thorium_an_alternativ... That was a point (iirc) in the linked video. Yes, it appears the all the required raw resources are there -- now we just have to do it. This has been on my mind as well -- my oldest child has just become a bookworm and I'm intending to get all my kids iPads this year if they can be more than just for games and movies. While strong AI would be nice, well crafted content alone could take one very far. Then add in what Khan Academy is doing for tracking learning and you might be 90% there. "Think of the children!" -- works every time. My sleep doctor advised taking less, and earlier (1.5 mg around 5 or 6 pm). Thank you! Here's another distraction you might enjoy: http://blog.opensourceecology.org/ (they're attacking the problem in their own way) Yep, but it's a shame that was the only option available. Something about a pivot in there too.... I had always assumed these products were cheap and worthless.... Very interesting and inspiring. The combination of salesmanship, attention to detail, and concern about the quality of the product itself reminds me of Steve Jobs. All generalizations are bad. "The IT Department welcomes you to eBay, Inc." It's a string. I merely removed the errant apostrophe. What's the point of good code if your data is bad? Back in the day we would take the days backup tapes and restore them to a test system that was also available as a "playground". It seems almost libelous the way it was done. marketing alone? yeah, right. edit: Adding a hard drive, making it easier to use than the competition, itunes store, app store. None of that had anything to do with it? Ah, so the reason the ipod is successful is: "Because Apple told people to buy an iPod, and people tend to do what they're told". It looks like there's a C version of WEB: http://sunburn.stanford.edu/~knuth/cweb.html As one of the 1% who followed PG's link (6 year club member), I still consider reddit to be one of the more valuable destinations on teh webz due to the community structure. Like HN, I often don't even bother with the linked article because the comments usually have so much more value. I think there's even more value to be extracted there if one can find a way to bump back up the S/N ratio.... > He invested all the money he had on hand—$45,000 cash Not a good example for "raising oneself out of poverty" > His parents made good money in the pillow trade, and after college he set up a few okay businesses That is not poverty. Nice. MultiMarkdown would be even cooler! Specifically, scientists who were actively fighting for public safety. The top management fucked up and then treats those that call them on it as 'security risks' in order to justify their attacks. Classic. Then add in "terrorism", the war on drugs and child pornography (think of the children!) as excuses for these actions and the game is won. I think that if you had been the one with a pill in your pocket and had gone through such an ordeal that your attitude would be different. Its proponents seem to think that it would be significantly cheaper and safer [citation needed], which sounds worthwhile. Could briefly expound upon your reasoning? Money quote: I am *not* here dreaming of (or worrying about) a world in which computers have displaced the printed word, and us too. I could find no one at this conference who would predict the demise of the newspaper. No one. Really? Sounds like a movie exec in the early 50's. Between Paul Ekman's work in behavioral science and detecting a persons pulse rate from video ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONZcjs1Pjmk ), it seems like one could have a pretty decent "lie detector" running on a smart phone. I've wanted to make this type of app for some time (voice input is the future, after all). A voice driven smart portastudio would be sublime. But what good is journalism if people don't read it or believe it? Did you catch the game last night? Dancing with the Stars? American Idol? My cat pix on Facebook? Who wants boring bad news where there are so many distractions to be had? Probably the best "mainstream" journalism is coming from The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, and they're already preaching to the choir. It makes me so sad. Agreed, not in the proper context of research or depth of the parties you cited. If journalism is considered to be "making people aware of what is going on", then I believe my contention has merit, especially when it comes to the distasteful arena of politics. You can write to a view via triggers. You have no real problems with the secret police monitoring you? Is that an expression of acceptance to something you cannot control or that you really are ok with it? We have to accept that we are being spied upon because we have no control over that, but we should always resent and resist it when possible. Remember that the FBI had their own agents reporting back on the 9/11 attackers using planes as weapons and that these reports were ignored. They can't even manage their own internal information, so their fishing through our personal information seems a bit reaching, eh? How can a government not love "terrorism"? It's a catch-all phrase that allows it to act as it wishes with impunity. Just like Karl Rove did with Dan Rather's forged letter about Bush going AWOL. Worked like a charm. What a dilemma: I don't want dangerous people running around hurting people, and I don't trust the government to use such power responsibly. That's different and you (should) know it. Or just cut to the chase and use multiple choice. Because your example doesn't give the members of the crowd a choice if they want to hear it. Nobody was forced to watch the movie. No. No. No. This is not anything like yelling fire in a crowded theater. > These videos are inciting riots, not a theory, it's a fact (though anything would have triggered these riots, they just wanted an excuse and it's a tiny minority who are the most vocal). You just contradicted yourself. This is manufactured incident. You might be trolling but I'll play along. The choice occurs when one goes to youtube, searches for the video and clicks play. You should research the "goatse" case right now for more information about this. Or at least rape the environment in a kinder manner. I think you're being dramatic. Posting a too long comment in trying to make a point? Anecdotal "data point": my wife works in the biotech field. For one very large company they had a drug developed that worked but had to be dosed dependent upon weight. Marketing felt that doctors would only use the product if it was simple enough, so they made it a one-size-fits-all dose. Go for Irish twins! :-) Intriguing, but a small code example illustrating it would have been nice. Income inequality is ok; the problem is the amount of fraud involved. It's heartening to see high-tech manufacturing return to its roots. Or use a heat exchanger. How about a kickstarter to create a ebook that has the guidance built in? This looks great -- testing to actually reflect and improve rather than "prove" academic worthiness. A simple fix that should be embraced by all schools. DWI seems to be the go-to talking point on the fear mongering side. If somebody's driving is impaired (for whatever reason), then they can be cited for that infraction (the actual driving failure). If they want to "test" the suspect, have them take a test for response times and accuracy. Sleep deprivation can be as debilitating as drunk driving, yet you don't hear people wailing about letting those with untreated sleep apnea on the roads. And how about those cell phones, eh? I would like to avoid the politics (but I certainly have my biases). There has to be a way to make it work simply and transparently, and dare I say it, fair. What to do? We do a hybrid model where we augment the public fare with a parent organized "auxiliary academic association" (once a week classes). Also, any parent that wants to be involved with their kids education should check out Odyssey of the Mind (getting kids on teams to do creative problem solving. Fun!) -- http://www.odysseyofthemind.com/ The whole issue of "better living through chemistry" is a big experiment and the "professionals" may have better training but they can only guess as to what may or not work for an individual. In the end it's always a try and see approach. The movie was paid speech - it was a commercial. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commercial_speech There's a difference and you know it. Isn't much of the subsidizing of infrastructure (roads) via fuel taxes? How should EVs be taxed? Or maybe they could just, you know, legalize and regulate it? But it's not a hobo stove. There's certainly a lineage, but this is quite a well done effort (ironic disclaimer: I'd love to buy one of these but it's a bit too spendy for me). There's a bit of elitism in dismissing this as some some hipster camping stove -- they are addressing a significant real world problem in a very elegant way. I just wish they could make it cheaper. Obviously more people will try it if it is legal, but it's pretty ubiquitous now and most adults have already had the chance to sample and decide. As for the "cost to society", I have to imagine that any damage from use (and there's not much evidence for it) would be countered by the decrease in real damage done by the War on Drugs. There's probably more value in the urine as fertilizer. I'm jumping into this game as an experiment to get khan academy working properly on a Nexus 7. How can we have "free trade" and still have on-shore manufacturing succeed? How do you have a "community mesh network" without encountering a tragedy of the commons? I put in a feature request to make the exercises input field use type="number" instead of text. Just thought I'd ask again here. I'm trying to get a Nexus 7 set up to do KA and little things like that would help (currently it brings up the alpha keyboard). Is there any internal discussion about tweaking the site to run on tablets? It probably sounded good when they came up with the idea whilst drunk. It's almost like we need reviews of reviews... The military has to keep engaged to justify its existence, and the blowback from this will give it an unending stream of future "customers". Are you serious? Apple defines the market. With the two current wars winding down America's Heros(tm) need new villains to fight. War is good for business, remember? Perhaps it's harder to slack off on doing the right thing when God is watching. He was in the right place at the right time and now he's rich. And that's the only reason why anybody is listening to him now, certainly not for anything else he's done. Cheaper labor? How about a more effective labor force? Ugh. Why not wireless? Something like this? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helms_Pumped_Storage_Plant It's an honor to have a personal smackdown from PG. I'm sure he's very smart, and I don't disagree with his observations, however the cheaper labor part was offensive. That was basic "fuck you" to everybody of the non-founder class. And being rich/powerful certainly helps have people care what you have to say. You are very smart too -- if Viaweb had not succeeded as it had would people pay as much attention to you? Edit: In reflection my comment was not in the proper spirit of HN -- it was bitter and that's not needed here. It did get upvoted plenty though... Note to self: abandon any notion of ever applying to YC. It would be great if the KA site could be optimized for tablet usage -- combined with this, one could have a very cost-effective beginnings of a "Diamond Age" like device. They need to lead by example. After all, what do they have to hide? It's a problem worth addressing but it seems to be overly engineered, expensive and out of touch. As noted in the comments, composting toilets have already solved the problem and are much cheaper and more reliable. Perhaps "Best Buds"? Indeed, although the commas are superfluous. Very impressive. One thing that would be nice would be a low cost light switch replacement. A light switch that fits in a normal plate that can be remotely "switched". One can pick up a SPST switch for a buck at the local home improvement center -- $10 for this feature would make it easier to buy without hesitation. What weird formats would you suggest? Yes, sometimes it's misreported. Many times it's spot on: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut/ Something tells me that this won't work out the way he expected. Other than protest, what might get the attention of the powers that be that such prosecutorial overreaching is unacceptable? They have no impetus to change until there's enough anger to make them afraid. Looks like a good time to short Boeing. I'm guessing that you disagree with this. I certainly do. Sometimes that is our only choice to right a wrong. Case in point: the civil rights movement. Just like 'driving while black', or 'walking down the sidewalk while black' -- equally disgusting. But hey, it doesn't affect me directly so why should I care? /s or a binary digit It now has one more vote than my own petition: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/make-alcohol-sched... Please note that mine is not a joke, but is designed to be rejected by the administration. The goal is to capture on record why a known dangerous substance is allowed to be sold for recreational consumption. It's been a hard sell, because people: - are too lazy to click on a link - don't care - love their booze and don't understand my proposal - don't believe in the petitioning process edit: formatting Anything that talks about the real agenda would then become the focus of the reply. It would be spun on that. e.g., "This is to point out the fallacies and failures of the War on Drugs" The moment that wording was part of it then Gil Kerlikowske (our "Drug Czar") would be writing the reply and repeating the same old lies about having to do this and that to keep us safe. It has to have a minimal opportunities for spin. No, all drugs should be legalized and regulated. Note how well prohibition worked for alcohol in the past. Regulate for purity, educate for use, and provide medical help for those that need it. Making drugs illegal doesn't stop people from using them; my brother died of a heroin overdose so this is an issue very close to my heart. It did require an amendment (the 18th, as cited in the petition). It is the only amendment ever repealed. It was an abject failure. This is not about "letting people get loaded". That will always happen. This is about taking away what could be considered the primary tool of tyranny by the State. Now the War on Terror is edging it out for first place. It is being done at the national level by the DEA. They are judge, jury, and executioner. I was referring to other drugs, specifically cannabis. This petition was in direct response to the DEA's recent refusal to remove it from Schedule I status. This keeps it in the same class of drugs as heroin and cocaine. Ugh. The WSJ article is behind a paywall, but from skimming the DOJ page it seems he was prescribing GHB, a drug that is considered to be safer than alcohol. Think of the children! /s I ran into the same problem. It requires deleting a file. Google for that error code and you'll find the fix. Alcohol is a date rape drug. All drugs are risky, including alcohol. We should teach our youth not that drugs are bad, but that they are powerful and can be dangerous. Use them if you will but do so wisely. Criminal enterprise or civil disobedience? Does "anonymous" exist for profit or to effect change? If you're going to include the Book of Mormon, you should at least include Dianetics as well. Both are equally valid. If you are interested in better living through chemistry then I encourage you to peruse this site: http://examine.com/supplements/Caffeine/ Sorry, but I'll have to disagree. The DEA operates in the criminal realm and doesn't care about health (it only cares about itself, really). The only drug enforcement we need is an FDA that ensures that what is on the label matches what is in the product itself, and that standards are set for guidance in their use. If you want to worry about dangerous drugs being available on the streets you should start with alcohol and tobacco. I was tempted to add to the sarcasm thread but I'll save that for reddit. A key problem here is getting and maintaining attention by a significant majority of the population. Depressing information like this, coupled with the sense of powerlessness turns people off and relegates stories like this to the politically aware fringe of society. The Daily Show and Colbert Report seem to have the right approach, but they are not enough. I have an idea for a start-up that could do interesting things with this notion, but between time contraints and not having a partner in crime I fear it will never happen. I know ideas are a dime a dozen and that it's execution that matters but it's hard for me to share on a site like HN. I'll send it to you directly for feedback, etc. Essentially it's about using social media in a different fashion then currently done (i.e., social broadcasting), humor, mockery, ego, shame, titillation and story telling. This has been mentioned before on HN and I'll take that as a general vote of confidence. The official site has videos that don't want to play (on my laptop) and seem to expect one to buy the book in order to learn it. Here is a TL;DR version: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique Trazadone and melatonin have helped tremendously in my sleep as well. For vitamin D you should make sure you get vitamin K in there too: http://www.vitamindcouncil.org/about-vitamin-d/vitamin-d-cof... http://examine.com/supplements/Vitamin+D/#thingstoknow That's my doctor's site! The real takeaway (to me) is that single-payer health insurance would be the way to go. It doesn't solve everything but it should help to simplify matters greatly. What would help too is ubiquitous electronic records management, e.g., any records from a visit with one doctor should be usable by the patient at another doctor. Add to that cheaper testing and more AI / self-help and that should take it even further. Lastly, kill the corn lobby and get some real sense into people about how their diet and lifestyle directly impact their health. What percentage of US healthcare costs are going towards diabetes and any related illnesses? And what percentage of that is directly related to obesity and a sedentary lifestyle? I pinged Dr. Belk about the dialog here and invited him to join this conversation. This is a perfect example of a well-played pivot. The PC wording is "First World Problems". Matches well with this: http://www.forbes.com/sites/michaelellsberg/2011/07/18/how-i... Plenty has come out already at people don't seem to care. Airliners filled with pallets of shrink-wrapped cash which is then handed out with no accounting? Go freedom fighters! Don't forget to drink your 8 cups of water each day.... And Americans only speak 'american'.... It's not like he's getting full cooperation from congress on this. Add some software to do expression analysis a la Paul Ekman [1] and one has a remote non-invasive "lie detector". [1] https://www.paulekman.com/ It gives some hope that it's possible to police the police. I recently learned the lesson about global packages. I thought it would be so nice to have all packages readily on hand, but now startup time is about 15 seconds of crawling the filesystem looking for files (over NFS). Go is looking more attractive day by day..... > I really miss the GWB days Are you trolling? because "the United States'greatest foreign policy disasters" under GWB far surpassed what happened in Libya. This is being used as political hammer by the GOP, so it's hard to take at face value. When I show friends why I'm excited about web technology today one of the examples I use is your work. Regulate purity and accuracy of labeling. Then their job is (or should be) done. Solaris support would be nice... That looks cool and all, but what does one do with a rack these things? How does it compare with a cluster of x86 CPUs on a processing/watt basis? Perhaps indirectly. I've been researching raising Black Soldier Flies as fish food -- there are some interesting possibilities there: they feed on waste and "self harvest" (when larvae are ready to pupate they climb up, and if a ramp is set up for that they go up the ramp and drop into a container. And then later on they ask for a Tax Holiday to repatriate the funds. All perfectly legal, right? Why are tax laws implemented so poorly? Could it be because companies like Apple have pressured for thge congress for a shitpile of loopholes? As an older developer, I'm ok with that :-) True Believers == ideologues. Even then, if they truly believed, they'd have no trouble describing the democratic paradise they think they are installing. I can't recall ever hearing such pronouncements. rsync is an order of magnitude faster than rm -rf. Why would be? (ok, I'm being lazy). Government spying on my Facebook account is bothersome in regards to privacy limits of power but it is Facebook and anything I put there I should expect to be public at some point. We need more public spying on the government.... Yeah, he technically did something wrong, but Booz Allen should come into the spotlight, as they are profiting from this nastiness. Fuck them. I would argue that they try very hard to appear "objective" and sometimes drop the ball in order to achieve this. Whenever they mention gun control or cannabis legalization (too very liberal subjects) there is never any questioning of the craziness of the opponents of such efforts, just that it is happening. That said, they are still far from perfect but preferable to most other sources. Cannabis being illegal is fucking insane, m'kay? Plenty of proof of it being "safe enough", and plenty of evidence that it's illegality is used as a tool of oppression. The Drug War is a complete failure that has cost society dearly. As for guns (I'm not anti-gun), the fact that the NRA and it's cronies refuse to consider the discussion any regulation of weapons in today's society is crazy (pro-gun arguments get quoted verbatim, including the selective citation of part of the Second Amendment (you know, the part that mentions a "well-regulated militia"). That is crazy. > You seem to have selectively omitted "shall not be infringed." from the rest of your statement. You missed the point: gun advocates only quote part of the amendment. Yes, the full text should be cited (I was being lazy). Second point you missed: I'm not advocating for "gun control" or necessarily "anti-gun", just that in talking about "gun control" the omission of key details is dishonest. Third point: you are high if you think that the Second Amendment is ever going to get modified. > There is away to change the document. Use it or live with it. It is there for a reason. Oh, really, that's how you change the Constitution? Maybe you need to review the process? There's more: http://law2.umkc.edu/faculty/projects/ftrials/conlaw/article... But then there's the politics involved. In today's political climate there is no possibility. Agreed, insults ruin the conversation. As do pedantic dismissals that can trigger such insults. You are implying that I was dishonest for not quoting the entire amendment. That's bullshit. My original point was that "liberal" media will quote right-wing spokespeople and not question their statements but just report them as "fact". I think I understand the general notion of what was intended, but then again, our own Supreme Court can't agree so you'll have to cut me some slack on that. By the way, I'm now actually kind of in favor of gun control just to mess with all the stupid gun nuts. Sorry, just petty that way. My wife works in biotech and the stories I hear about the the physical grunt work puzzles me that virtually none of it is automated. It doesn't happen because the existing robotics solutions effectively require dedicated personnel which management isn't too keen on. If we could have smaller, more "mac-like" robotics I would expect them to sell like crazy into markets such as that. Please share your vision of that party's platform. That's not a party, that's more about process (which I do agree with, btw). A party has to have a platform -- that's the whole point of a party: shared core values. But those values have to be actionable otherwise they are just platitudes. It's all about money: who pays and how is it spent. Gods, Guns and Gays are distractions, but they have to be addressed in some way or they will remain distractions. The "right" uses those tactics because they are very effective. It just needs reframing. I've progressed from Liberal to Liberaltarian. You're calling me dishonest for quickly mentioning a critical omission of a subject (the "well-regulated militia" bit) without quoting the full amendment? That is an insult in itself. I wasn't even taking a stand on the issue of "gun rights", simply that it's more than what its proponents make it out to be. The bit about messing with people is because any time I deal with pro-gun people they are almost invariably sanctimonious assholes who are unwilling to talk about the issue as a whole . People like that don't want dialog, so insults will have to do. No, the less laws the better. Let's just make sure they're good ones. A great story (and awesome title). I think this gets played out with the "normal" population all the time.... This combined with Tor could be interesting.... That's all they were intended for. As an American I'm proud that we don't have such non-issues dividing us and that our electorate is well informed and are primarily issue voters, not mindless sheep voting party lines. And what benefit do we get from locking up any drug user? Legal or not? Are we helping the user or society like this? Hippies? Really? The entire Drug War is a failure and should be offensive to anybody who treasures civil liberties. If you passively accept the status quo then YOU are the problem, because this madness only continues because of sanctimonious people like YOU. I'll come out right here and say that I advocate for prisoner's rights. On humanitarian grounds. But if one wanted to do so for the practical matter of wasting less money on prisons and having more productive members of society and less crime, then it would behoove one to do so as well. Sorry, I should have used sarcasm flags. The US is just much more sophisticated in how it peddles its hate: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dog-whistle_politics True, and I admit to getting hot under the collar. But I would argue that in a way that articles like this should get viewed and discussed by the HN crowd in the context of hacking civilization. This particular subject absolutely defines the world in which we live in, and a it's not a pretty picture. It happens because we let it, and we let it because we collectively don't care. We collectively don't care because we remain (intentionally) ignorant of the situation. It's turtles of despair all the way down.... The fact that you see a cannabis leaf and think "hippy" says way more about you then NORML. They're advocating for freedom to consume the plant after all, using that highly identifiable leaf makes it very clear what they are supporting. > reputation risk Do you really think donating to NORML could damage your career? Buffer it with donations to EFF,ACLU,etc. and it's unimpeachable political speech. Link doesn't work. > much more dangerous Only if taking the same amounts, which is ludicrous. Alcohol is plenty dangerous already and we're all ok with that. I'd love to hear what point you were trying to make. All I saw was hand-wringing over a "dangerous drug". GHB is now known as a date-rape drug, even though the leading date-rape drug is alcohol. Your dialog seemed to be buying into the fear. disclaimer: I personally advocate for the legalization of all drugs. Yes, nobody talks about how the industrial beekeepers themselves are partly to blame by shipping their bees around the world and exposing them to new diseases. Gotta maximize short term profits, eh? National defense is great, right? Nobody can go on record and say otherwise. But how much does the NSA protect us vs. support a system that generates the dangers in the first place? Bin Laden's attack on the United States was a direct response to our military presence in Saudi Arabia. The Military Industrial Complex manufactures conflict and perpetuates the madness. They're not heros, they're just doing their job. How much protecting would the U.S. need from the modern world if we weren't such greedy oppressors to the rest of the planet? This is the charitable reason. He has all these possible risks brought before him and has to make a decision quickly -- why not err on the side of "safety", especially if the ultimate responsibility for that safety is in his hands. Plus a little blackmail if it's on tap. But the private data you mention isn't all that private. The government doesn't care about leaking your private data, it cares about information getting out that will politically damage or embarrass those in charge. Do you get paid to shill for the establishment or is it just for the lulz? Maybe you get a Junior G-Man badge and a code name? The NSA has every incentive to spy on everyone -- that's their job. The only "oversite" they have is by a toothless committees that will rubber-stamp anything they do. Do you really trust the government to always do the right thing? Even with historical evidence of continual abuses of such power? Apples and oranges. Nice try. All of this would end if enough people wanted it to stop. The trick is to get people to understand and care. I'm not optimistic about this but we can't let it stop us. Not that it could go wrong there.... http://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/How-innocent-man-s-DNA-w... The comments are the real content of this site. My understanding is that the key drawback for diesel engines in cars was emissions (at least here in the states). Other than that, they seem to be more efficient and reliable than gasoline engines. Adding in flywheel regenerative storage seems like this would be a hybrid model pursuing (which VW/Audi is doing, IIRC). "If one would give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest man, I would find something in them to have him hanged." (attribution disputed per wiki) As I read it, it was not a threat. It was sarcasm. Maybe you need sarcasm tags, but it was trash talk. Observe. "I’m going to go shoot up a school full of kids and eat their still, beating hearts". Look I just said the same thing that kid did, but now it's a quote of someone else's speech. Did I just make a terrorist threat? No, because the context clearly shows that it's not a threat. Just as his context showed that it was not serious. Yes it would. This was mentioned earlier on the site on a similar thread. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitutional_court So when do we start the campaign questioning Peter Thiel's role in this? This is why the War on Drugs is so evil -- it's being used as the foundation of this destruction. So do I, but it would be nice to do it right. Legos used to be building blocks, now they are "Lego People" that can be collected, and the blocks themselves are the accessories. A classic: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR7nFq9Avtc Know Your Rights - Don't Talk to Cops Part 1 Even if it's true it really doesn't mean anything. DMT was the most intense psychedelic experience I've ever had, but came away with zero insights or spiritual change (unlike as from the usual suspects). And that's with Go 1.1 vs. Java 6 or 7. I'm chagrinned to be defending BART maintenance workers, but there are some challenges: http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/BART-labors-to-keep-es... The role of a whistleblower is to bring the abuse to light, not to fix the problem. The FBI response: "... if the FBI was aware of credible and specific information involving a murder plot, law enforcement would have responded with appropriate action." Appropriate to whom? How do we know if the NSA is acting lawfully? Why can't we have better oversight and transparency? After all, they have nothing to hide, right? At the risk of sounding like a broken record (stuck cd player?), the foundation of this abuse is the War on Drugs. If you want these abuses to stop then you should be actively supporting the end of this war. By actively supporting, I mean be willing to discuss it with anybody who is willing to listen. The are not all guilty: http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2013/04/former-s... You, on the other hand, are guilty of providing moral support for this travesty. This looks very slick and very cheap. If only I could justify buying one. We got here because of the War on Drugs. Look at what they use the SWAT teams primarily for. What you can do is try to educate other people. A key solution is to end the War on Drugs, which is the fodder for this madness. That can only happen when the population realizes that it is a failure and that a different approach is needed. Otherwise reasonable people will say "but these drugs are dangerous and we must protect people from their harm" -- help them understand that is a fallacy and you will have made a difference. In the end, we're all whores. Funny thing about the "crowded theater" bit, because it was used to stifle free speech: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schenck_v._United_States Well, the notions that many still hold dear. It was noted on reddit that prices start at $99. However you can get a quad-core android "pc" now for under $100 easy: http://www.aliexpress.com/item/CS918-Cortex-A9-Mini-PC-Andro... Starts off with unnecessary use of cat, e.g., cat file | awk 'cmds'. One can simply do awk 'cmds' file. And possible good news about Alzheimers: http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/09/25/bittman-is-a... The public will likely never be smart enough. Those cocaine shipments were for inner-city youths that couldn't afford drugs. It was for the kids! Use electricity instead: http://makezine.com/2008/12/19/how-to-make-cheap-wine-taste-... Well your example was stupid. There are always exceptions, but "the public" as a whole is stupid. Why do you think election campaigns run on negative advertising instead of talking policy? http://boxofficemojo.com/yearly/chart/?yr=2012 "Lincoln" was #13. Here, let me rub your face in the stupidity: apparently almost half the United States population believes in ghosts and does not believe in evolution: http://www.cbsnews.com/2100-500160_162-994766.html I'm in no way coming from a position of intellectual superiority, rather from observational despair. I think this is better: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waiter_Rule Brazil nuts are also good for selenium: http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/87/2/379.long San Jose State suspending its online offerings indicates that online only classes may not be all they're cracked up to be. http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/San-Jose-State-suspends-o... There's only one class war: the haves vs. the have nots. Everything else is a diversion. Is there a tl;dr? He says we need to move away from an advertising model but not what will replace it. Who's going to pay for all of this? No micro sd card support? They don't have to try and emulate Apple on everything... That's all great if the system operated in a "pure" manner as it is defined. But it doesn't. The system is corrupt and therefore makes whistleblowers one of the only avenues of defense against further corruption. Did you read his comment before slandering him? He's a "security guy" and I'm guessing not as liberal as some of us Left Coast types, but that was not a "nothing to see here" comment. Submitting links that are subscriber-only kind of sucks. Yes, one can do the googlebot trick but one shouldn't have to. Right now "legalized heroin" is killing lots of people: http://www.tampabay.com/news/nation/drug-overdose-deaths-up-... Making it illegal doesn't stop those who will use it. It didn't stop my brother, who ended up dying from a heroin overdose. But legal alcohol was always available and my mother was able to drink herself to death. Legally. So let me call the cops on you for having beer in your house and kick in your doors and kill your dog and hall your ass off to jail for your protection. Ugh. Keep your fucking nanny state to yourself. So what can we do to change this? Thanks. I do vote, and voting does have an impact in a limited way, locally. The comment was a snarky dismissal of the political process and Obama as well. There are some truths to it but doesn't add to the conversation. I don't think the answer is necessarily technical, e.g., more encryption, because having an encrypted channel is meaningless if the data is going to sit on some server unencrypted. It has to be a "hearts and minds" issue of having everybody care that this is happening. When I talk to people about this the common response is "I have nothing to hide" and they therefore don't seem to be all that bothered. Edit: replying to fotbr below Voting for Obama did matter because the other option was McCain/Palin. That would be different. Just like if Al Gore had been elected we would have had a different experience than we did with Bush. Not saying utopia, but if you don't think there's a difference then you are blinded by your cynicism. They are likely much healthier than cigarettes because it doesn't have all the nasty components in the smoke. Patches aren't going to give the satisfaction of manipulating a "cigarette" and the feel of inhaling the drug. I hated being a smoker but enjoyed the smoking part.... http://examine.com/supplements/Nicotine/ Oracle is not just a database company anymore. Maybe because Go is exciting as a new and accessible language that appears to be both fast and pleasant to use? I'm looking forward to ditching Python for Go. Would marching in peace marches in the 60s count as being politically active? I consider myself to be politically engaged, thank you very much. I'm well aware of the limitations and powers of government and recognize that in many ways it doesn't matter who is in office, but in many ways it does. As much as Mr. Obama has been a disappointment (and that's without buying into the "hope" b.s.), I know that President Palin's administration would be significantly worse. By the way, GWB does deserve special attention due to the fact that he was one of the worst presidents the U.S. has ever had. Small correction: "anti-American" should be "anti-American Imperialist" and "anti-government" should be "anti-oppressive government". I've dreamed about doing an app for crowd-sourced clinical trials. Obviously something like this wouldn't have the level of control as having participants under direct supervision, but it could be close to free if done right. Death would be a little bit too messy right now. I'm betting on life in prison with no possibility of parole. Laws get broken all the time. They pick and choose what they enforce. Dianne Feinstein chairs the Intelligence Committee and is complicit with all of these shenanigans. She's worse. It's not clear how to beat the Dem machine in California (I'm a disgruntled liberal). There are limited shopping options in prison. Not to disagree with the general sentiment, but if Obama declared that cannabis should be legal the GOP would have a field day with that. Big time. With drugs it's even worse than that: otherwise intelligent and well meaning people have been brainwashed into thinking that we have to be protected from these dangerous drugs. Lot's of people will say legalize pot but not the "hard stuff" (only because they want legal pot for themselves). Sorry about your roommate but that is anectdata. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19560900 I'm extremely disappointed in him as well (without buying into the hope hype). We do have to take into consideration that the opposing party has declared that their number one priority was to limit him to a single term and had been entirely obstructionist. Also, as President he is in theory limited in what he can actually do. Case in point: he promised to close Gitmo but is unable to do so because it requires Congress to make it happen and they are not cooperating. > Sadly, I have no good answer for how the TSA should do their job Shouldn't we be "profiling" based on assessed risk? And isn't the NSA making those assessments? It should be a simple as submitting the user's identity and circumstances and getting a guided response back: "no likely threat", "detain immediately", etc. Not that I'm a fan of the NSA, but isn't that what they are ostensibly there for? The equivalent of strip mining the citizenry. Why throw the baby out with the bathwater? Augment the average teachers with good software! It's not important enough, but it's a start. They're not backing down on a federal level, just keeping out of the states that have legalized it. When California and enough other states finally legalize it they'll finally have to face the facts. > I guess I don't see the appeal. It's novel. I prefer this version, if only for the spiritual component: http://www.galactanet.com/oneoff/theegg.html Have you seen what alcohol does to people? It kills over 80,000 people a year in the U.S. http://www.cdc.gov/alcohol/fact-sheets/alcohol-use.htm You think you're protecting people with that attitude but you're actually supporting a system that kills even more. Sanctimonious nanny-staters like you are the ones that let the madness continue. You should be ashamed of your ignorance and complicity. No, no, no. Making them illegal makes more violent crime. Let me put you in rehab for your coffee addiction or beer habit, ok? 80,000 deaths per year in the US attributed to alcohol: http://www.cdc.gov/alcohol/fact-sheets/alcohol-use.htm It's a dangerous drug. It makes people violent. People drink and drive and kill people. Let's make it illegal too, eh? Drug addiction is a health issue and should be treated as that. Making drugs illegal CREATES MORE CRIME. We could stop this madness if only people would STOP SUPPORTING THE MADNESS. Sorry to shout, but I'm sure you're an otherwise intelligent individual, but you are failing in this subject. Every post I've seen about polyphasic sleep shows that it is not sustainable. This could go well with their SeaMicro acquisition. This name came to mind and I wanted to buy it but it was already taken. I checked the url to see if it was being used at all, and it's not -- maybe it's just me but I think the error message is intentional and well played. That is all. Black soldier flies and duckweed FTW. You need a temperature delta to generate the electricity. Where is the cool sink in your proposal? That would be "bath salts", which are actually rather scary. Not that they should be illegal, just remove the need by legalizing their herbal counterpart: cannabis. It helps if you have something good.... And not enough sax? He answered in the story. You should read it. 3mg might be too much. I am not a doctor, but my sleep doctor is, and she recommended half that amount -- right around sunset. There's a counter argument to that, in that it's a job like any other that takes time to learn: http://www.heraldtribune.com/article/20111112/COLUMNIST/1111... with If interested in this and in the San Francisco East Bay, there's an ongoing workshop for this: http://www.chabotspace.org/telescope-makers-workshop.htm (I'm interested but haven't done it yet...) I thought Outliers was pretty good (the only one of his I've read). I'd be happy to have you disabuse me of that notion. > It boggled my mind that he was the first person to type a character on a keyboard and watch it manifest on a screen Kids today have no sense of history. Ah, I could have written it in a weekend.... /s I heard Gladwell very briefly on the radio today and he described his work as "intellectual adventure stories". I'm good with that. I wish I could give you a million upvotes. Campaign finance reform is the only way to "save" politics. A brief interview with Al Gore discussing modern politics that addresses this: http://www.theatlantic.com/video/archive/2013/10/al-gore-on-... I had a very disturbing discussion about this with a colleague who I like and find intelligent enough. He fully supports the War on Drugs because he thinks it's protecting people from becoming addicted to dangerous drugs. He's done cocaine in the past, smokes cannabis on rare occasion and enjoys his alcohol. And he's much younger than I am. This is the messaging battle that needs to be won.... Version 4.0 on the Mac was probably its zenith. And it fit on 2 floppies, IIRC. I have similar interests but understand the need for fluffy diversions. To a point. The biggest problem for me in consuming real news is rage fatigue -- so much unnecessary stupidity, pain, and greed makes it hard to digest after a while. Obligatory: http://xkcd.com/305/ Fellow grumpy old guy here. Executive level summaries with the ability to drill down to points would be great. As for voting up -- it also adds to your profile's "saved stories", so that might be a motivation too. > I figure that, long after the strip is forgotten, those decals are my ticket to immortality. The biggest payout of all. That might be more akin to reducing bus contention. I am an unapologetic proponent of legalizing all drugs, however, I'm not sure what the best way is to sell them. The freedom to conduct business runs into the moral responsibility of selling compounds that can serious have potential for abuse. Should advertising be allowed at all? Too bad they didn't bother to upgrade bash. Bash 4 is nice to have on tap. This would be perfect for my idea of a tool for teaching programming to kids: a small game framework that they can program with a DSL, then teach them to hack the DSL.... I'm curious as to what system would work best if given the chance to succeed (that is, not actively sabotaged by current stakeholders). The Department of Game Theory should get on top of this.... An interesting upgrade to Google Protocol Buffers: http://kentonv.github.io/capnproto/ Here's an interesting thought: maybe Obama's intentions are good but he's in a bubble of information and influences that corrupts his thoughts to overlook the the very concerns that alarm the crowd here at HN. I'm of the naive opinion that he is not a sleeper muslim communist agent bent on destroying America; that he really wants to do the best he can for America. He's not always right in his beliefs, but has been public about his intentions, e.g., continuing engagement in Afghanistan. So what is the angle that does support the notion that he acting with malice in his heart? And if he's not acting in malice, why would he be doing what he's doing now when he is well-versed in the Constitution? Note: I disagree with a lot of his policies (including this topic), I'm going for a first-principles thing here. In short, internal networks should be treated as "the internet with a guest list" Prolog was on my list of "neat to learn languages" but I never got around to it. Any Prolog fans here to sing its praises? Which is supported by the administrations' insistence on calling it "enhanced interrogation". Newspeak FTW. This is just too creepy. The problem is that the public pays, and the guilty parties do not. What is needed is a standard of liability insurance for police departments that is paid for by their pension fund. Defatted peanut flour is high protein/low calorie. Part of the problem is too many people have been brainwashed into the "protecting us from dangerous drugs" lie. Your average Jane/Joe will say "legalize pot, but ew, meth is bad!" The fact that we collectively choose to participate in this madness is, well, maddening. I care what the law has to say regarding heroin. Legalize it, regulate it just like alcohol. Being illegal didn't keep my brother from becoming addicted and dying from it. If it was legal and pure he might have had a chance. But on the other hand, nobody is trying to outlaw tobacco and alcohol, which are the biggest killers of all. Thats what did my mom in. So yes, legalize it and keep it pure. Educate people on proper drug use and spend money on health resources for those who need it rather than jail. We should be examining a "medical court" system. It's basically each individual's right to do whatever they want but there's a line that gets crossed when they are truly sick and need help. Literally hacking with a hacksaw... According to the roadmap page, 9.4 is due out in the 3rd quarter of 2014. Let's see where it is in 6 months after people realize that there's no solid plan to make enough money to justify the pricing. edit: sure, maybe I'm jealous that I'm not raking in that IPO cash, but having gone through the dotcom bubble I think some cynicism is warranted. But there was no client side language to do anything with it. Upvoting also saves the story to your profile, so some may do so to also bookmark it.... Flywheels would be a great solution here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flywheel_energy_storage#Compari... Someday they might be commercially viable.... Or let them get elected and blackmail them to toe the line... She throws enough tofu to her constituents to appear liberal (women's and LGBT rights), but is otherwise a DINO. I'm guessing being a Good Christian is required too. Now that I get to use Go, I have no desire to go back to python. I think I'm not alone, and that python will soon enough become the new perl. I think we're all on special lists already. Some of us are liberaltarians. It will - it's too compelling a proposition. Ultimately it has to be "the people". My casual survey of people in my social circle indicates that because most americans "have nothing to hide", they aren't too concerned. The U.S. is collectively getting what it deserves. The "seamless binary upgrade" part is intriguing (unless it's just a reference to the fact that binaries are self-contained (which is indeed wonderful)). It's ok to hate Bill Gates (the Monopolist), and to admire Bill Gates (the Philanthropist). Simple things that could be done now by simply "changing the rules" 1. Change "Foreign Aid" to be based on direct micro-loans rather than dumping excess agricultural commodities and destroying local markets and pumping money into corrupt governments that steal it. 2. End the Drug War. It's killing people and is the foundation of organized crime. And why grow food when you can make more money growing dope? 3. Recognize women's rights: unfettered access to contraception/abortion and education. I realize the "sex" part of #3 may be controversial to some, but those who are offended can just fuck off. Yeah.... It was kind of a play on words, however, the faction that it was addressed to is so militant that it isn't completely out of place. Try talking to an anti-abortion protester about preventing abortions via sex education and contraception and they will reject even that. I'll do my best to be nicer next time. Agreed, not the best phrasing but the intent was to provide the aid from the bottom up. And not everybody has to be the entrepreneur, those that are will ultimately need employees as they grow their business. What about option grants at public companies? It seems like a way for top-level executives to loot the company while the rank and file get enough kicked down to them keep them quiet. Empires come, and empires go. It blows my mind how badly Google sucks at "social networks." What's worse is open space workbenches. They make cubicles seem like a luxury. Grrr... And a keystone of this madness is the War on Drugs. End it, and the police will have a lot less to do... Because it's fast, a pleasure to code in, and simple to distribute. Hold on, tiger. There appears to be some interesting research that supports this indirectly. It's not the meat, it's the methionine. It's highest in animal products (eggs are #1). Methionine is an essential amino acid that is one of 2 that is used for the start codon for DNA transcription. It follows that if cancer is uncontrolled cell growth, that restricting the resource it needs would limit it's growth. Appeal to authority: my wife, the molecular biologist pointed out the codon angle. It seems reasonable enough to me to have become a pseudo vegan (without the self-righteousness (at least in regards to that)). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methionine#Methionine_restricti... http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11603655 Yeah, the criminals will become bankers. I'd probably make it more confusing :-) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Start_codon Note the reference to methionine. My understanding is that the body recycles methionine as well. So give your body just enough to let it do it's thing but don't pour gasoline on the cancer fire by supply a surplus of a critical component. I'm still slowly doing the research on this. It was spurred by my daughter telling me about "the Blue Zone healing cancer". Googled that, and checked out the dietary element, and that led to the topic we're discussing now. It seems reasonable enough. And simple enough. And you don't have to be vegan, but mindful of intake. Just trying to share a recent discovery that seems like a possible life changer. My casual surveys of friends and acquaintances is depressing. Most "don't have anything to hide", and don't feel threatened by these developments. I don't think I said (and know that I didn't mean to imply) that excess methionine causes cancer. Methionine restriction by avoiding methionine rich foods doesn't strike me as harmful at all, since there's still plenty in even a vegan diet. And in my case, I said pseudo-vegan -- it's more a mindset than dogma. Next up should be titanium: http://www.defensenews.com/article/20110720/DEFSECT04/107200... > The only thing we can do is try to stay out of their way. No. We can't give up. We need fight back with every legitimate tool at our disposal. I've been stopped by the police for turning to look at their car as they passed by me. I'm white, clean cut, and middle-aged and was around the block from where I've lived for over a decade. My crime? I was walking barefoot down the sidewalk. Revenge is a dish best served cold. Life is a slippery slope. We need to deal with death like grownups. To address your fears, we should have simple, straightforward protocols for how this would work. This is a tricky subject because all of us (excluding the pedophiles) can agree that sexual abuse of children in all forms is a bad thing . That said, the erosion of privacy in the name of "think of the children!" is equally a bad thing . In this case it appears to be a legitimate case of a sexual predator sharing his digital trophies and rightfully being caught. But "protecting the children" doesn't have to mean giving up our expectations of privacy in the normal course of affairs.