I wonder what the performance difference would be between using the Python Apache plugin and running qrencode - the C executable ( http://fukuchi.org/works/qrencode/index.en.html ). I know it's not clean to call shell commands from Apache - not to mention the obvious performance hit with swapping environments - but perhaps the ELF vs Python JIT might compensate for this. Also, i'd be interested in a comparison of features between the two. Weird you guys are having problems because it scans perfectly using the standard barcode scanner app on my Desire S (running MIUI): http://www.armyofcrabs.com/qrsnake.png Where does the "CHIP. CHIP, WAKE UP" quote come from. I recognise it, but I can't recall why. Clearly you don't hate software patents because you then went on to justify them. In fact, I think your whole attitude is backwards for the following reasons: While I agree with you that you cannot blame Apple (nor any other company) from filing software patents given the current culture within IT. You can 100% blame Apple for aggressively using flimsy patents to suppress obvious designs amongst competitors - forcing their competitors to deliberately cripple their products or risk having them forcefully removed from market entirely. That is not competition nor is that using patents defensively. What they are doing is exploiting a legal loophole to suppress legitimate competition. Also, the "don't hate the player, hate the game" saying really winds me up. It's basically just endorsing moronic behaviour so long as the culprit doesn't get caught. It's just a retarded view of life in my opinion. It was painful in a desktop browser too. It's ironic really that such terrible layout was born from a document detailing optimal layout concepts Well then the IP address you have for them will be wrong regardless of whatever method you use to store them. Personally I think it's only a matter of time until there's a "hacker" DNS servers for people to completely bypass all this shit. True, but that's copyright IP not patent IP. Because not all Linux distributions follow Linux Standard Base. It would be silly for (to use an example) Arch to have a lsb-release file when it's very method is anything but LSB. So os-release gives a unified file regardless of the distro methodology. In fact this file could easily be extended beyond Linux to any Unix-like OS - which lsb-release would be less practical for. Well for one thing LSB mandates using RPMs: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_Standard_Base#Choice_of_R... Well yeah, that's how Debian gets around the issue. However Arch doesn't have an RPM converter in it's standard set up (or if there is, I'm unaware of it). Personally I massively prefer Arch's package manager to anything I've seen on any RPM-based distro and it seems pretty pointless in having an "alien"-like RPM converter for Arch given how exhaustive Pacman + AUR is. However the point remains that Arch would fail LSB due to this. IIRC [alt]+[space] did the same when the start button was highlighted (I'm sure I managed that back when I ran Win95). You could have all sorts of fun with the start button / task bar though. I remember writing a breakout game where the start button was the paddle. The code itself was very simple as it was basic Win32 APIs. As messy as those APIs were, they're lack of basic security made it great fun to write all sorts of weird hacks hehehe. In fact, going back to the topic of MDIs (as the article referenced in relation to the WS_SYSMENU style), I wrote a basic program that would work as a winword 95 / 97 plug in (winword being an MDI back then) that would dump iexplore into winword so it would behave exactly like any other word document. This was done purely to get away with surfing the net in college as it was easier to hide your browser session behind a word document that it was to close/reopen it every time a lecturer walked past. IIRC that was just one API call (something like SetHwndParent?), but that was /years/ ago now and I've since left Windows development for Linux and Unix. But again, that's in not in the official repositories (just AUR), let alone part of the base system. It's great that it's available in AUR, but it wouldn't be enough to pass LSB - which is the /entire/ point of this tangent. > do not show me posts whose headlines contain the strings "X", "Y" or "Z" The problem with that is these days there's so many "clickbait" headlines, some of which offer absolutely no insight into the content itself. Without policing each and every submission to ensure the headlines accurately define the linked article - it would be difficult to guarantee any kind of success with basic headline filters. Even on a PC - it was a complete nightmare. Opera kept interpreting my right-click movements as gestures and middle button as a request to scroll around the page. It was more than just a little frustrating because of this. That all said, layout of the site and idea itself is very good. Looks fine in KDE4. Definitely not as crappy as the screenshots you've posted > IRC operates passwords in plaintext format Only if you don't have an SSL connection (which most IRC networks do support). I get mocked by many of my colleagues for this, but I find nothing focuses me better for programming than stuff like Aphex Twin and Autechre. So it's good to see them having a strong presence in this sound track. One criticism though: the retired DJ inside me is screaming at the lack of set structure. :P Possibly. What sort things would you be interested in? I already have a few mixes online that's available to download. HN doesn't appear to have a PM function, but I'm contactable via a number of different IMs / chat networks if you want to discuss this further :) Words cannot describe how epic that is The following article might be of interest to you then: CWI cryptanalist discovers new cryptographic attack variant in Flame spy malware http://www.cwi.nl/news/2012/cwi-cryptanalist-discovers-new-c... To be honest i do run phpMyAdmin, but I run it on a subdomain that has HTTP auth over SSL and the log files are included by fail2ban scans (thus anyone that fails to HTTP auth correctly 3 times gets auto-banned in iptables). So while I do agree with your points regarding phpMyAdmin, you can have the convenience of running it (and securely) if you really wanted to. Actually they do. My method prevents attackers from being able to access phpMyAdmin in the first place and thus if an attacker cannot access phpMyAdmin, then they can't exploit any of the vulnerabilities within phpMyAdmin. Prevention is definitely better than a cure in this instance; preventing the unwanted from accessing phpMyAdmin is better than fixing all the vulnerabilities and hoping that an attacker doesn't discoverer a new exploit. True, but we are talking about more than just "good attitudes" here. Automatic testing that happens with every commit does constitute as a language feature. I can understand your criticism against Slackware (though I do love that distro), but I don't agree with them against FreeBSD at all. FreeBSD has binary repositories as well plus even it's source repositories (read: ports) is just are reliable as the best Linux has to offer. Furthermore, ZFS is a killer feature (yes, I know Linux has BtrFS, but as far as I know it's still not yet classed as 'stable' - while ZFS is already tried, tested and depended upon in many servers right across the globe). And personally, I think FreeBSD has a lot saner defaults than Ubuntu Server. /Laurence (FreeBSD and Slackware user for the last 10 years) There really isn't /that/ much difference between BSD and GNUs user space. And definitely nothing that can't be found out after spending a few seconds in Google or the UNIX man pages. Plus FreeBSD docs are excellent (in fact I've found them to be a more reliable source than even Ubuntu's - but that's a whole other topic) Indeed. When choosing which OS to run on a home server, does it really matter that BSD doesn't legally obliged developers to make their modifications public? And to state that FreeBSD's future is in doubt because it's not GPL is just stupid. If I didn't know better, I'd accuse this article of being pro-GPL propaganda. At the end of the day, they're both popular platforms released under "copyleft" licenses. And what's more, neither licences have any baring on the performance nor stability of the OSs. So all his harping on about "must be headless" (though oddly he does contradict himself latter on by stating he doesn't care about the DE/WM) to maximize performance was completely invalided when his final choice was down to something as arbitrary and irrelevant as whether other developers have to contribute back to the base OS. Language settings aside, this guy also completely misses the point of how CDNs and localised data centres work, and why it's beneficial to serve localised content rather than constantly dragging Japanese traffic through American data centres. The difference there is the evidence is usually quite easy to understand. You don't need to know how DNA is matched to know that there is a DNA match. You also don't need to understand entropy to grasp that if glass is shattered inside the house, then the window was broken from the outside. However you /DO/ need to understand prior art to rule in a patent dispute. There's no escaping that. Technically minded people like us often bitch about how the mass media publish misleading "facts" (and often complete fallacies) due to their lack of technical understanding. Yet here we have a jury ignorantly making billion dollar decisions. It's a bit like asking a group of hair dressers to officially confirm or deny whether CERN's "faster than light" neutrinos were a calculation error or not. Sadly computer generated translations generally are. There were references to Palm and HP within the linked Google transcript. So in lieu of a better translation (preferably from someone who can read the language), I would guess they're talking about Open WebOS as opposed to Mozilla Web OS. I would love to see Open webOS take off. Not because it's open source but because I really liked the platform. Sure it had it's faults (which platform doesn't though?), but most of them are relatively minor fixes and on the whole, I just preferred webOS's way of working than its competitors (eg cards view for switching tasks). I know it's all down to personal preference at the end of the day, but I think it's a great shame that Palm came in so late with webOS (and on such underwhelming hardware too) What a stupid article. Looking pretty is far less important than being functional. And his site is the perfect example of that; it looked pretty, but the content only took up a 50% column of the total viewable space (and that's without having my browser window set to full screen). His site would be terrible for productivity driven sites like PHP's manual. Also I reject his premiss that language sites need to be pretty to attract developers. You pick a language based on it's suitability for a project, not whether it has lashes of CSS3 and bespoke type-faces. To even suggest otherwise is painfully superficial. There's an old adage: less is more. And I think that's very true when discussing sites that are designed to serve content rather than sell content. God I hate clickbait. Thanks for the warning though You wouldn't call upon beta testers like this to decide upon hardware configurations. This beta process is definitely for a Desktop Linux client. There is a chance that the rumours of a console could also be true as well though. There's no reason why they couldn't have a Linux console /AND/ desktop Linux support. That not really the same though. Hz is a scale of the frequency of a CPU core. So it's not even a gauge of the execution speed of a CPU. You can't really multiply the cores together as the frequency hasn't increased, you've only increased the parallel capabilities (case in point, multi-core CPUs are rated per core, not cumulatively). RAM, however, can be added together as data can be cached across one or more sticks. Thus adding another stick of RAM does increase the overall total amount of RAM available. I'm not an expert on this, but I believe this is why clusters are measured in calculations per second (eg FLOPS) rather than frequencies. Calculations run in parallel (such as clusters do) are increasing the overall number of calculations performed per second. Where as multiple cores running in parallel don't increase the clock frequency. You missed his point. Clock frequencies cannot be combined as it's a measure of the frequency a single core operates at - not how many operations per second can be processed. This is why multi-core CPUs don't say 8GHz even though they have 4x 2GHz cores. No it wouldn't. You have overhead generated by running threads concurrently (eg thread management, communication between nodes, etc). You have issues where not all threads are going to have the exact same complexity (eg some might consist of more floating point calculations than others), this could even result in threads sitting idle while they wait for another thread on a different core to finish. Plus there's absolutely no precedence for using clock frequencies cumulatively like this anyway (which I've already demonstrated with my multi-core CPU example), thus the figures Adapteva are touting are not only scientifically and mathematically inaccurate, but also breaking established advertising convention too. Thus their figures are incorrect - period. So accusing us of nitpicking incorrect figures is just plain dumb when there's absolutely no merit to the 13GHz figure what-so-ever. [edit] And it's a sad day for geeks worldwide if discussing the correct usage for scientific measurements is considered nitpicking. Had this been Fox News or the Daily Mail, then your view point could be forgiven. But this is a hacker forum, so I'd expect a higher level of technicality rather than simply ignoring counterarguments in such a dismissive manner. :( I'm not putting them down. My opinions of them are irrespective of the statistics they present. I love the idea of their project - I hate the idea of people like yourself perpetuating the same misconception that clock frequencies can by summed across cluster nodes. so my issue is with you regurgitating the same dumb fallacies. If you had even the slightest idea about how cores are rated and the complexities of multi-threaded development, then you'd realise that summing the frequency of the cores is completely inaccurate. Hell, don't you think Intel would be doing this with their multi-core processors if it was a legitimate statistic? (a point I've made several times now but you keep ignoring). You've been told by a multitude of people what the correct measure of cumulative processing power is, and instead you're still holding onto the same myth which the clickbait headlines are perpetuating. So really, you're just reinforcing my point about how they shouldn't be using such a dumb statistic because people who don't know any better will fall for it. Anyway, and FYI, core frequency isn't even a good measure of CPU performance on single core systems. A 1GHz RISC CPU will perform vastly differently to a 1GHz CISC. Then you have the plethora of RISC architectures; and even on x86, different CPUs will have different co-processors, caching, pipelining and even additional instructions, thus will perform differently on different stress tests. So crudely summing clock frequencies on a cluster is about as accurate a description of performance as remarking on the colour of the motherboard. But let's not let a pesky thing like science get in the way of our deeply held beliefs ;) It's interesting to hear you remark on your co-designers as, until now, I'd always assumed that the site was largely designed by it's developers. I know that would normally be unheard of for a portal the size of Facebook, but of all the sites I visit, I find Facebook to have the most confusing layout. There's a weird mismatch of navigation features from hidden drop down lists, dialogue boxes and content that redirects to whole other pages; I'm never quite sure what onclick event will return what result. Plus the general layout of the site seems cluttered and counter-intuitive too. Now this might just be me. I don't know what level of user testing Facebook performs before pushing features live, but I might be one of those small few who are just beyond help. However being a developer of similar age to yourself - I've spent my whole working life with badly designed developer tools and usually manage fine. Where as Facebook -a tool for the masses- seems to be one of the few exceptions that genuinely stumps me. In many ways, that site's design is an "anti-rsms"; it seems to be the polar opposite of the design principles you adopt in your own projects (eg a clean methodical layout with clear separation between content and navigation tools). And while I'm discussing your own talents, I just was to commend you for what you've achieved despite choosing a non-traditional path into IT (ie straight to work rather than studying at Uni). Having trod a similar route as yourself, I know from experience that it can be significantly harder. So I can only imagine how much hard work and dedication you would have needed to be where you are now. Kudos. Author here, I wasn't aware of that. I'll add an addendum shortly. Thank you Thank you, updated the article to reflect that "Computer languages and “real” languages are actually very similar." I really couldn't disagree with that more. Sure, some languages' syntax borrow English words (Python, Pascal, VB, etc), but that's such a minor similarity. Those words are completely arbitrary and the syntax could have been in Klingon for all the difference it would make to the compiler. Computer languages are a maths language; albeit a very very dumbed down dialect of maths, but maths all the same. I think the trap many web developers fall in is that PHP teaches some terrible programming practices (no variable declarations nor types, etc) and ANSI SQL isn't Turing complete, so feel that all other languages by extension are equally easy to grasp. However if you look at a number of other languages -particularly the ones with C-derived syntax- then it becomes painfully obvious that any similarities to human languages are just skin deep (which is lucky for me as I majorly suck at writing yet can code proficiently in around a dozen different computer languages). While I agree that a bad programmer will write bad code in any language -and visa versa- my point was that PHP doesn't enforce good practices thus allowing many less experienced developers to accidentally fall into easily avoided pitfalls (lets be honest, having to === to force type matching is just plain dumb). So by the time you've properly hardened your code, it's anything but pseudo-English - which was my point (ie programming languages are not similar to human languages). That may have been true for it's original goals, but as a UNIX developer who's primary language is Perl, I can assure you that the modern day implementation (read Perl 5.8+) is anything but pseudo-English. I seriously wish society placed less importance on the famous. I will concede that at least this article discusses celebrities who have done something worth celebrating rather than the latest reality TV star than many young people are so smitten with. However I still have to question why anyone would want to spend so much energy stalking public figures. I prefer to live by the philosophy of "doing your own thing and do it so well that people will come to you" and thus leave the stalking to those who have fewer skills in life. They also should upgrade Apache as there's a known vulnerability with pre-2.2.20 versions that leaves Apache open to an easy DoS attack. That's not an official API: http://www.hnsearch.com/about Quote: "HNSearch was built by the team at ThriftDB to give back to the community and to test the capabilities of the ThriftDB flexible datastore with search built-in." Interesting API all the same though. That will only work with named vhosts. Outside of shared hosting / personal web servers, almost everyone uses IP-defined vhosts. A random embedded image wouldn't be passed through the HTML parser (at least not if the web server has it's MIMEs set up correctly - and if they don't, then the site would be considerably less usable). It will be interesting to see the results though - to see if the null characters even reach that far or if this is effectively hitting Opera with a zip-bomb Well yeah, I nearly added that disclaimer myself but then thought it was pretty obvious the previous poster was referring to referenced URIs rather than data URIs. Though I may have misinterpreted his post. If a regex is going to be reusable, then yeah, I'd agree. But dumping single lines of code into their own functions just for readability isn't practical for real time systems. In those cases you really should be using comments as they get stripped out by the compiler. It's PCRE (Perl Compatible Regular Expressions) which is one of the most popular dialects of regex. But AFAIK there's isn't a hard and fast RegEx standard. So I'd argue that code is RegEx. I guess it's just a matter of perspective though. BOM sounds more like an issue with you switching Unicode documents between Windows and Unix, rather than a problem with internationalisation. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8#Byte_order_mark And personally I think to exclude all internationalisations because they're harder is a terrible attitude to have. Particularly these days when there's an online tutorials for pretty much any job imaginable (not to mention the numbers of helpful experts willing to give up their time for free on various forums and communities). 1. Ahh right. I wasn't aware that happened. 2. Web sites are a classic example of scripting languages being used for real time performance critical systems (though I'm not arguing that all web sites are real time). Sometimes the ability to modify code easily is as important to the choice of languages as the raw execution speed of the compiled binaries. I don't really agree with that. Sometimes C is inappropriate (eg you'd be nuts to build a website in C yet some sites do offer real time services) Often the data set and/or logic required makes C an inappropriate language (eg you wouldn't use C for AI nor for some types of database operations). And even in the cases where you're just building a standard procedural system, sometimes the interface lends itself better to other languages (eg C would be possibly the worst language for real time websites.) But even in the cases where you're building a solution that's suited for C, there are still other performance languages which could be used. "Real time" is quite a general term and as such, sometimes it makes more sense to use scripting languages which are performance tuned. Which is where writing 'good' PCRE is critical as RegEx can be optimised and compiled - if you understand the quirks of the language well enough to avoid easy pitfalls, eg s/^\s//; s/\s$//; outperforms s/(^\s|\s$)//; despite it being two separate queries as opposed to one. Thanks for that. I was a little baffled why MS would make this images only run on Windows when the people most likely to need to emulate other versions of IE / Windows would be non-Windows users. Agreed. I usually randomly mash the keyboard "Netflix didn't use Silverlight because it had extremely good DRM, but because nobody used it nobody had taken the time to reverse engineer it so getting the raw video files out of Netflix would be harder." Not sure where you're getting those facts from, but Netflix does use DRM extensions in Silverlight as was pushed into using Silverlight because the copyright holders demanded Netflix to do so (just as Love Film were forced to switch from Flash as well). It would be daft for a company who's business is based on streaming content to the masses (such as Netflix's business is) to switch to a platform that fewer people use simply because fewer people use it. No sane web company would do this unless their content was threatened to be pulled by the content owners. Technically WINE provides more than just Win32 APIs, but essentially you're right. WINE is more a compatibility layer / wrapper for PEs than an emulator. In fact, I often make the container distinction: you have containers (Zones / Jails / OpenVZ) and you have virtual machines (VMWare / Vbox / Qemu / etc). WINE falls more into the containers category because it runs Windows PE natively on the host but in a sandboxed environment (and in an approximate sense of the term, chrooted) but with hooks that go between the host and client. But, like with WINE, many lump containers into the virtualisation pigeon-hole as the full hardware emulation suites even though you're not actually emulating any hardware with containers. Yeah I thought this, however there are some useful gems in there, the Javascript embedded in SVG images being one example. It's just a pity the good content is so watered down with dozens of obvious " you should sanitised user input " examples and variations of the same attacks. I principle you are right. However in practice there is a sane point where there are so many competing solutions that you have to question why people don't spend their time improving existing solutions instead of adding to the fragmentation. Totally agree. It wasn't expected and I don't think anyone would have thought worse of him if he kept the money. Actions like this restore my faith in humanity. "Stallman and the like may have produced fine C compilers and text editors but it would seem unlikely for them to come up with something like the iPhone." Actually they did, it was called 'Openmoko' and it was released before the iPhone (albeit there wasn't much between the two). It wasn't just an open source smart phone OS, but also open hardware as well. Sadly it never took off: partly because iOS (and later, Android) were busy reshaping the mobile landscape; and partly because corporations started adopting Linux for mobile OSs which dragged many of the hacker crowd away from independent set ups. As to whether Openmoko would have succeeded if it was conceived a couple of years earlier; or whether it such a project was too ambitious without corporate backing, i don't know. But for a while there was an a community driven smart phone available to buy. While that's true, you have to bare in mind that the project barely made it past alpha stage and was anything but stable. So it's not really fair to compare OpenMoko to the matured interfaces we enjoy today. Plus if you look at how long the iPhone was in development and compare that against the development time of OpenMoko, then I think you'll agree that what they achieved was impressive project given the lack of resources they had compared to businesses such as Apple and Google. "Looked more like a replacement to early versions of Windows mobile." Given that we're talking pre-iOS and Android, it's not really all that surprising. Back then, most smart phone OSs were pretty crap. Regardless of whether you believe that Apple innovated the mobile industry, there was a huge leap forward in OS design around then; and Openmoko pre-dates that leap. Things often work out that way, but there are exceptions. For example Firefox raised expectations of what a good browser can be like. But then I guess you could argue that Firefox has enjoyed large contributions from Google and thus isn't a true community project either. So I'm not really sure where to draw the line. However I don't want to sound argumentative as you do make a valid point there. It just wasn't clear from your earlier iPhone comparison that you were talking about disruptive products specifically (or perhaps I misread your post to mean that community-lead smart phones could never exist?). Either way, I think we essentially agree here :) Joking aside, 'Crack' is a questionable name for a programming language. I disagree with that. Apache's defaults on most distros isn't secure. Even 'enterprise' level distributions often fall into the following traps when packaging Apache: 1-> auto indexing enabled (should be disabled) 2-> user directories enabled (should be disabled) 3-> server signatures 'on' (should be 'off') 4-> server tokens set to 'full' (should be 'prod') 5-> hidden (dot prefixed) files not always blacklisted as unauthorised files in Apache config 6-> same as above for editor specific back up files (eg file~). But this is only an issue for people who bulk upload or edit files on the live server (very naughty). 7-> having less optimal SSL configurations (Apache's default SSL set up isn't PCI compliant). (IIRC there's a couple of other Apache tweaks, but that's just off the top of my head) Then you have issues with PHP (eg logging to STDOUT so web users can view PHP errors). And that's just covering the webserver configuration. There's still holes that need plugging if you actually want to run a secure web server; one of my favourite tools for that is using fail2ban which will auto-blacklist IPs in iptables (Linux firewall) based on if certain attacks are detected. For example it can prevent brute force attacks on SSH brute force attacks (which negates the need to run denyhosts as recommended in the article), HTTP auth, FTP, mail servers, etc. And touching on SSH, many data centres will enable root log ins on their OS pre-installs by default. Your first job on any such box will be creating a user account and then disabling root log ins ( PermitRootLogin no -> /etc/ssh/sshd_config). Then there's a whole stack of optimisations you can run on iptables to adaptively prevent port scanning, forged TCP/IP packets and such like. Also many distributions ship FTP, which is insecure by default. Anyone sys admin requiring FTP hosting would be better off using a chrooted SFTP environment (so the security benefits of SSH plus the sandboxed (chroot) environment that FTP often benefits). Let's also not forget the plethora of internal services (databases, MTAs (mail servers), etc). If you're reading this article then you're probably not a trained systems administrator or not working for a large enough company where each server is running in it's own environment. Thus your MySQL / Postgre / whatever databases are running on your webservers. So you need to ensure that your database is only listening on localhost (127.0.0.1). Same applied for your MTA, unless you are intentionally providing a mail services (it is advisable to have an MTA installed even if you're not providing mail services because you can then set up daemons like fail2ban to automatically e-mail you when attempted break ins happen; which will in turn allow you to spot any determined hackers and permanently ban their IP from your box). And lastly, if you're really paranoid, run your webserver inside a Linux/UNIX container (FreeBSD Jail, Solaris Zone, Linux OpenVZ) instead of inside a virtual machine as there have been hacks where attackers can break out of the VM and gain access to the host system (as of yet, I've not heard such attacks from containers, but if anyone has any evidence of that then I'd love to know). Running inside a container will give your webserver the sandboxed environment to work with plus an easy route for backups / snapshotting meaning minimal downtime and data loss should the worst happen and your server does become compromised. (source: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCPFlwSCmvU - it's a plugged vulnerability, but it will give you an idea about the kind of issues VMs face when compared to containers) In short; distribution's don't ship secure defaults. They ship a happy medium between usability and security. However if you have an internet facing box (particularly one not hidden behind a hardware firewall, as many budget set ups are not), then the happy medium isn't secure enough. I don't think you've really read through the points I was raising as the vast majority of them were relating to hiding server based information from unauthorised users and preventing brute force attacks. Neither of those two have any impact on usability what-so-ever (that is, unless your 'user' is an attacker lol). If you don't mind, I will address your points individually: "Changes that give you relatively little gain from a security point of view at the cost of massive usability. I'd be happy to run production servers without these changes, and so I claim that these are debatable." Which items specifically prevents usability? None of them do aside the FTP (but SFTP is supported by nearly every FTP client already) and turning off PHP error logging to STDOUT (really not recommended for production servers!). Everything else doesn't reduce usability for authorised users. And I resent the claim that there's little gain as even on my servers which have a low public profile, I get reports of multiple brute force attacks a week (on average, about separate 5 attacks a week, all of which I manually add to a permanent firewall blacklist when it becomes obvious that they're just retrying attacks everytime fail2ban's autoban expires). "Changes that stop inexperienced admins accidentally compromising their servers, at the cost of usability/complexity. Debatable because they're less about security and more about not shooting yourself in the foot. Eg. fail2ban. I use ssh keys only. Brute forcing my ssh won't work, and I'd prefer to not allow outsiders to cause firewall rule changes on my servers based on a script that parses log strings with regular expressions. I trust ssh's security more than I trust fail2ban in not having a vulnerability." You don't understand how fail2ban works if that's your primary concern. Fail2ban isn't public facing, it just monitors logs and then adds an iptables (or any firewall you chose) rules based on the results of the log files. It's iptables that is public facing and thus needs to be protected against vunrabilities; and iptables is proven technology already. What's more, preventing brute force attacks doesn't reduce usability nor prevent you from shooting yourself in the foot; preventing brute force attacks is the !! bare minimum !! you need to do if you have an internet facing server. This is security 101! I do agree with you that SSH keys are preferable to password log ins, but that also adds complexity and can reduce usability if users need access from multiple locations and platforms (there are workarounds, eg memory stick with the key on), and then you still have the issue of brute force attacks on every other log in service. "This is pretty much what AppArmor hardening does. LXC (Linux containers) are implmented via AppArmor. A compromised httpd daemon restricted in this way won't be able to much anyway (eg. open outbound ports or go to other areas of the filesystem). And this is what Ubuntu ships by default for many daemons." You missed the point about easy snapshotting though, which is why I raised the point about containers in the 1st place. I will grant you that you can have back up solutions on bare metal systems, but snapshotting is way more usable (which is ironic given that's been your key argument). Plus I did say that advice was for the paranoid (ie not really all that necessary unless you fancy tinkering). "Nowadays this stuff is only installed if you requested it, which is different from "ship"ing it. If you use distribution defaults, you won't have an FTP server installed. If you choose to install one, you'll get the weakness whether you use the distribution, tune it yourself or install from a third party source." You're just reiterating what I said though as I didn't say distributions install it by default. However you missed my point there as well, as I was describing how FTP isn't ideal for production systems (FTP sends clear text passwords and doesn't behave itself behind firewalls and/or NATing without adaptive routing (which means that FTPS often doesn't work behind some firewalls).). Thus chrooted SFTP is a much saner solution for production systems. "Secure enough for production. I have plenty of servers on distribution defaults that haven't been compromised (and I have experience in dealing with others' servers when they have been compromised, so I don't think I'm oblivious). You may prefer adding additional hardening, but it is unnecessary and relies on you knowing what you are doing." You've been lucky. But what your advocating is little more than 'security by obscurity' rather than pro-actively hardening your box. Having worked on a number of high profile web infrastructures (including farms that take web payments), I wouldn't be doing my job if I ignored my steps; in fact our business wouldn't exist as we would break UK laws. The Apache configuration I described is ridiculously easy to set up, as is fail2ban. They are the bare minimum any web server should implement. Which is why I placed emphasis on them by placing those suggestions at the top of my post. However if we're going to advocate complacency in order to make our lives easy, then lets also not bother keeping our software up to date, because that's a real pain in the arse at times :p "Getting reports of brute force attacks is useful, but is not an indication of bad security. Hiding the reports under the carpet does not increase security either." I didn't say reports increase security, and Fail2ban does more than just reporting, it actively blocks brute force attacks. It's a bit difficult us discussing the merits of certain security measures when you keep focusing on the irrelevant as if those were my security suggestions - it's almost as if you're trying to 'death by a thousand paper cuts' my whole post simply to win an internet argument "Preventing brute force attacks is not the bare minimum. The bare minimum is to not be vulnerable to brute force attacks in the first place. ssh already has built in protection for this, and it slows brute force attacks to the point where such an attack is impossible in practice, unless you have weak passwords. Mandate large enough keys only, ban passwords, and you're done. Allow password authentication is your real security vulnerability here. Patching over it with fail2ban just hides the issue." For SSH, you'd be right. But as I've repeatedly said, not all services offer key based log ins and sometimes there's a business requirement for password log ins on systems that could be managed with keys. You're original arguments were about usability yet the arguments you're making now are the lest flexible suggestions raised thus far! "I do understand how fail2ban works. "Just" monitoring logs isn't good enough. The data that appears in logs is not generally considered to be a security sensitive channel. It's string data with poorly defined delineation. It should not be trusted for automatic use, since every channel that dumps data into log files is not vetted for security." Logs are fine for parsing as you have to be compromise before the logs are comprimised. But which point, it's already too late. "I disagree. You claim I'm advocating security by obscurity, but you're the one who seems to think that hiding version strings gains in security. That's security by obscurity, since you can determine the version of software by observing its behaviour (or just not caring and trying your attack anyway)." In theory I'd agree with you, however a great number of compromised systems were attacked by opportunists scanning version numbers looking for boxes to target with known vulnerabilities. Plus, and once again I'm having to repeat myself, those specific changes I advised are actually required to comply with many compliance laws (eg PCI compliance, required if you make finance transactions in the UK). "I'm not advocating complacency. We just disagree on what complacency is. I claim that if you keep your software up to date (easiest if you do follow distribution defaults), then you are sufficiently secure. The overwhelming majority of security compromises happen because people fail to run updates." There's no such thing as 'sufficiently secure' as that only depends on the attackers targeting your system. Today you might be 'sufficiently secure' because your box has not been spotted by any keen attackers, tomorrow might be different. Also, I'd be more inclined to agree with you if all of the examples you've given weren't off topic from the points I raised or just incorrect (eg changing Apache config being dangerous and/or hard, fail2ban reducing usability, etc). "The second largest cause is because of vulnerable misconfigurations that people have introduced." I'd go along with that. I've often said 'users are the biggest security risks' :) "Only a tiny fraction of compromises come through a default distribution installation that your hardening would catch, and these holes are rapidly patched by vendors and a simple update will close them." None of the configurations I mentioned (bar the list of paranoid ones) fall into that category; non-optimal configuration isn't a hole that gets patched. Plus even if it was, it wouldn't be fixed with software updates as package managers tend to avoid over-writing live config files else they'd risk doing more damage than good. "I think that it is much more likely that you'll open the second cause (an introduced misconfiguration) if you try hardening and you don't know what you're doing. Which is why I recommend sticking to distribution defaults." You can't make a system less secure by changing the settings I recommended as the distro defaults are already on the most open defaults. Plus, and once again I'm repeating myself, the configurations I'm recommending are incredibly easy to implement. I find it odd that we're actually arguing about whether it's worth making the most basic of changes based on the assumption that those people in question are stupid and their box will probably be ok. Surely a better approach would be to suggest optimisations; guiding them through the process if needs be? After all, it's too late to regret using the defaults if and when you get hacked (and in my line of work, I've had to fix quite a number of boxes where the sys admins have been content just running with the default settings). I can see the logic in what you're saying, and in an ideal world I'd agree. indeed. Windows has come a long way too. I'm not the biggest fan of Windows (strictly personal preference) but I used to love Windows 2000. It was clean, simple yet had a lot of power behind it. Yet Microsoft left telnet turn on by default (and this was back before most homes had routes and thus hardware firewalls). It was an amazingly short sighted move, but such things were typical back then. And it's only from learning the hard way that we've managed to get to the stage we're at now. However I think it's often forgotten that servers need a different set of security profiles depending on the server's role and where it is sat. For example, a webserver sat behind a hardware load balancer wouldn't necessarily need much SSH protection as the webfarm HTTP traffic should be on a different VLAN to the internal systems administration traffic (which in turn, would be another different VLAN to the company's staff VLAN). So it would be almost impossible to get access to an OpenSSH log in, let alone attack it. Where as most consumer VPS solutions put all their customer servers in the DMZ, which means it's up to the customer to provide software preventions to harden against access that would normally be protected with a complex hardware solution in more professional / clustered set ups. And this is why you can't fully trust default configs; there simply is no "one size fits all" solution so package maintainers instead opt for the best compromises. comment out Include conf/extra/httpd-autoindex.conf (line 101), and as you're now no longer using it, it might also be worth taking out autoindex_module from your LoadModule 's (saves a small bit of memory, but there wouldn't be any noticeable performance benefits. But as you're not using it, there's no point loading it). For SSL PCI compliance, have the following config as part of your SSL settings (which you've got commented out currently): SSLHonorCipherOrder On SSLCipherSuite ECDHE-RSA-AES128-SHA256:AES128-GCM-SHA256:RC4:HIGH:!MD5:!aNULL:!EDH SSLProtocol -ALL +SSLv3 +TLSv1 +TLSv1.1 +TLSv1.2 This should force Apache not to default to older insecure SSL protocols and disable SSL compression (HTTP compression via mod_deflate still works here) which leaves HTTPS open to attacks like BEAST. Bare in mind I'm still testing the above code myself (funny enough, that's actually what I'm doing this very minute) as the BEAST vulnerability is still relatively new (or rather, new enough where it wasn't part of PCI compliance until the last month or so). I'll update this thread in the next few hours if that code doesn't work, but I can't see there being a problem as it follows the standards defined in Apache's manual. Also make sure you have OpenSSL version 1.0.1 installed (required for TLS1.1 & 1.2). You can check this by running: openssl version from the command line. However if your system is built from a package manager and has been kept relatively up to day, then you shouldn't have a problem there. It doesn't work in Opera. Basically Opera doesn't auto-complete unless you click a specific button once the page loads. Then Opera will not only auto complete the password form, but submit it as well. I don't get it, they say they're filling a niche, yet pretty much every registrar offers DNS tools for free anyway (after all, you bought a domain from them) and there are a number of free dynamic DNS services out there too. Unless I'm overlooking some killer feature, this is a typical case of a startup not reviewing their market before hand. Not really no. Most of the criticisms that have been levelled against IE are technical in nature and very real (dragging their feet on web standards, breaking their own compatibility guidelines from version to version, etc). Any piece of PR that has to resort to portraying their opponents as having the IQ of the average YouTube commenter, has automatically lost any credibility. Then to fall back on badly judged kitten memes was just cringe-worthy. Nobody is disputing that IE has come along way. The issue isn't whether the latest version of the browser is capable, but rather whether we'd want to get back into bed with Microsoft given their past history. And thankfully there is so much choice in the market now, that people can choose not to use browsers for even the seemingly trivial reasons; such as historical prejudice. Thus as long as there is competition in the market, I'm going to support the platforms that have a history of promoting a free and open web. OpenSSL 1.0.1 isn't required. but use the following SSLProtocol string instead: SSLProtocol ALL -SSLv2 As I said in the other IE submission, most of the criticisms that have been levelled against IE are technical in nature and very real (dragging their feet on web standards, breaking their own compatibility guidelines from version to version, etc). So portraying IE haters as having the IQ of the average YouTube commenter just loses any credibility in the message (plus the way they fell back on badly judged kitten memes was just cringe-worthy) Nobody is disputing that IE has come along way. The issue isn't whether the latest version of the browser is capable, but rather whether we'd want to get back into bed with Microsoft given their past history. And thankfully there is so much choice in the market now, that people can choose not to use browsers for even the seemingly trivial reasons; such as historical prejudice. Thus as long as there is competition in the market, I'm going to support the platforms that have a history of promoting a free and open web. Totally. I saw it more as him having fun with his image than him being the butt of the jokes. I'm largely the same. The only terminal app I did play around with the configs for was tmux because I really hated the defaults on that. And as I only ever need to run tmux from my client PC (it's a bit pointless running tmux inside of tmux), i don't have to arse about with copying config files about. I'm in exactly the same boat as you (except we're at PCI level 2). tmux on my local machine does me fine. And as loading tmux inside of tmux is pointless, I don't need to copy configs across. though what I do have is a number of cheat sheets for each type of server, so I have copy and paste code (most of it is simple enough stuff, but sometimes having a visual reminder is helpful when you're up against tight, stressful, deadlines) I've just installed fish and it doesn't support bang (!) history nor some basic scripting tools (eg $?) which makes it pretty useless for power users. I can see how the colours and suggestions are great to those who are new to the command line though and there were some cool features (eg highlight search phrases from grep). But most of that stuff is just emphasising stuff you'd learn to spot anyway, after using the CLI for years. So as cool as it is, I really would find it more of a hindrance than a help. "at least they are not firing people are still expanding in the scope of their projects" You mean aside their Qt / KDE developer when they dropped Kubuntu as an official 'remix'? Personally I've never liked Ubuntu, not even in the early days. I think it's one of the worst distributions for consistency. They bring in largely untested components prematurely (Pulse Audio), change the GUI every 6 to 12 months and even propose breaking established standards within the Linux world (eg 'Windicators' : http://www.osnews.com/story/23243/Shuttleworth_Unveils_Windi... ). Don't get me wrong, I'm all for a dumbed down distro for new users, but I really don't think Ubuntu is the best out there. In fact I think it's probably one of the most over hyped. However what Ubuntu has brought us is a common base (be that via vanilla Ubuntu, one of it's many 'remixes' or even the spin offs / forks like Mint) and better exposure to the Linux platform. Had it not been for Canonical -or more specifically, Mark Shuttleworth- then I'm not convinced that we'd be seeing Steam on Linux. The beauty of Linux is Ubuntu can co-exist with Gentoo, Slackware, Arch and all the other extremes of the Linux ecosystem. So I can run my 'hands on' distro of choice, and my wife can run her 'hands free' *buntu fork. To be honest that bit confused me a little because it's licensed under CC (albeit one of their less 'copyleft' licences). Does CC BY-NC-ND 2.5 ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.5/ca/deed.en_... ) allow for people to 'pirate' and the eBook (et al) charges are more 'good will gestures' to the author? Or are unofficial downloads still against the licence and he was basically saying " I can't stop you from grabbing this for nothing, but if you do then at least spread the message in case others might choose to pay "? Maybe I'm just over thinking things, but that 'piracy' comment of his did confuse me. Agreed. It took me about 30 seconds to work out how to view the content (so long I nearly gave up and closed the page. The problem I had was that I couldn't scroll. I ended up having to maximize my browser (Opera) to read them as every time I move my mouse to the scroll bar, they'd shrink again (same problem with using the mouse scroll wheel). I can't image trying to read those boxes on a tablet where I don't even have a cursor to hover. Yeah it is a waste, but then so is sending CSS and Javascript that hasn't been minified. Or having multiple CSS / Javascript files when they could be consolidated. Or having long variable / class names in CSS / Javascript. Or constantly referring to Javascript as Javascript and not JS. At some point you have to question whether you're being too stingy with bandwidth. Particularly when easter eggs like this could potentially bring you a few new visitors from the free advertising that happens when your site is discussed on blogs and forums like these. But if nothing else; I think fun should be encouraged. After all, that's what Wozniak set out to do when he co-founded Apple :P Red Star (the OS used on many North Koran PCs) is a Linux distro running KDE3.x and skinned to look like Windows XP. It's been a while since I've seen any leaked demos of it, but I seem to recall it supporting / running MS Office via WINE. But I might be wrong on that. [edit] I think I'm mistaken about MS Office. Glancing through some Russian blogs, it looks like it's Open Office. But due to the XP skinning efforts, it looks very much like MS Office: http://ashen-rus.livejournal.com/4300.html I think you're nitpicking somewhat: 1/ You could equally argue that we shouldn't blame the respective countries when it's actually just a small number of political leaders rather than the consensus of the populous itself. 2/ And being a "democratic organisation" means that the UN's policies are agreed by the majority. Which also means that it's not just the reflections of a small number of member countries but actually the organisation's (the UN's) wider belief. In fact given the UN is democratic and that most national-level decisions are not (even in democratic countries, we vote in our leaders, they choose the policies. So while we arguably have influence over the policies, those policies are not typically democratically chosen; baring a small number of fringe examples where referendums do happen). Thus you could argue that it's more fair to blame a democratic organisation for voting in policies than the independent nations who's population didn't. However being more pragmatic: it makes greater sense to blame everyone under their organisations umbrella rather than blaming each and every nation individually; for such a list would be lengthy and counter productive. That part of the article is misleading. It's not Javascript that does it, it's just CSS. North Korea do have a small few websites available to the outside world, so I've taken my example from one of them: http://www.kcna.kp goHome.do (HTML) Kim Jong Il ′s Whole Life Devoted... kcna.css (CSS) .spanT { font-size: 120%;} Yours might, but I couldn't find any such script on North Korean sites I sampled. The spans were hardcoded. Don't believe me, run the following from any Linux command line: curl http://www.kcna.kp/goHome.do?lang=eng | grep --colour 'Kim Jong Il' So unless they have some server side parsing, this is not done in any programming language and most certainly not in Javascript on the client side. Though lets be honest, if reporters get sent to special "revolutionisation" camps for so much as a typo (assuming that part of the article can be trusted), then you're damn well going to remember putting a span around ever instance of North Korea's leadership line. Plus (again assuming the CMS's doesn't handle this) reporters can just find/replace before uploading. I bet it becomes as much a habit as spell checking is for me. > " Apple's argument for the 30% charge when they first launched the app store is that traditionally you'd have to publish through a telco, and telcos used to charge way more than 50% of the revenue in order to place your application through their portal." That logic doesn't work though because phone and PDA apps have been available to download from 3rd party websites since even before 3G. You could set up a download portal for Windows Mobile or whatever OS the "dumb phones" from Sony Erricson's K-series featured using free hosting if you really wanted to. Granted it wouldn't be a centralised repository like Linux distro's feature (which are also free), but it certainly wouldn't have cost you >50% of your budget. Apple do this sort crap all the time, they deliberately merge vaguely related statistics to promote whatever prejudice they're trying to peddle at that time (eg classing their notebooks as tablets when talking about their dominance on the mobile space. Or including iPod figures when talking about the dominance of the iPhones). Smart phones, feature phones and PDAs have been around a long time before the iPhone; central software repositories have also been around a long time before the Apple App Store; and there's never been a precedence to take >50% (nor even a 30%) cut from transactions and nor has setting up independent 3rd party portals cost that much either. Plus lets not forget that Apple also charge developers for the privilege of developing software (even just for your own personal iOS device) via their developers subscription (note I said subscription; not a one off payment) and (if I'm not mistaken) again for just adding your application to the App Store. "Using a 3rd party website (or your own), you are unlikely to get the exposure of an app store or a telco portal." I don't agree with that either as most app store-published applications get next to no exposure anyway. That privilege is reserved for a very few that either pay for promotion or go viral. So you're back to the old model of users either searching for a specific application to suit their needs (search engines existed before app stores) or "word of mouth" (which these days include forums / blogs and all of those existed prior to app stores as well). There is this misconception among some (and I'm by no means saying that you're under the same illusion) that developers only need to upload to Apples App Store or Google Play and they'll see thousands of downloads and "PROFIT" (to quote a meme). The reality is the vast majority of apps do not make any money and uploading to central repositories does not mean people will stumble across your application or game. And what's more, anything you do upload is not only subject to the same limitations of users stumbling upon your product as before, but with the influx of new developers sold on this rose-tinted vision, you're now competing with significantly more software than ever before. So just the additional signal-to-noise ratio alone makes it harder than ever to make your application visible. So I really don't believe the notion that app stores increase exposure for the average developer. Where app stores excel is making content easier to find and install for the average user; one search interface with inbuilt download and install functions. That's a huge step up from Googling from your PC, downloading then either manually copying the .jar to your phone or installing an EXE locally on your PC with your handset connected via activesync. However I wouldn't say that user convenience guarantees developer visibility. There's a similar case with dance (club) music. eg the "Amen Break": http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaFTm2bcac I run ZFS on FreeBSD (have done for a few years now) and quite frankly I think it's a seriously overlooked alternative. This sounds a lot like OTP (One Time Pads) which is more than 100 years old and was even used, with great success, during WWII. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-time_pad Custom hosts files can be used to block trackers across all browsers and applications. I personally use: http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/ That would still sound tampered because you'd lose any bleed over from other (ambient) sounds. Having all bleed over suddenly stop at 50Hz and then a clean electrical hum would look very suspicious. > "Too often, people seem to give up on learning new stuff at an older age. Usually around 30." Since when has 30 been "an older age"? It's still well within the 1st half of a persons life (assuming average life expectancy), never mind the latter part of the 2nd half. As a 30-something myself, I'm constantly learning new technologies (only this week I started teaching myself Go). I know the computer industry is a very youth-orientated sector. But calling 30 year olds "old timers" is a touch unfair. If you're doing that, then you're better off recording your audio with balanced XLR or such like and not have any hum to begin with. It wouldn't entirely eliminate the hum, but a balanced feed (note that XLR can be unbalanced as well) will reduce the EM interference and cross talk that adds to the background hum. Another contributing factor is when power supplies to the equipment are different or "dirty". Often this can be resolved with something as simple as a multi-adapter with the earth pin disconnected (note, this shouldn't be attempted unless your hardware is already insulated. but then if you're trying to commit a crime, then an electric shock is likely preferable to life sentences in jail). I'm inclined to agree. I really wish that things could have turned out different for Turing and think the law was -at best- completely idiotic. But pardoning someone for a law in force at the time sets such a dangerous precedence. Not least of all because -as great a man as Turing was- every other victim of this law would them equally deserve a pardon too (and you know what's going to happen next; some of the less reputable descendants of the aforementioned will no doubt sue the government for an absurd amount of damages). This is one of those instances where I think the government are in a no-win situation. Either option is crappy. I hate complaining about tutorials because it's somewhat ungrateful towards those who invest their free time to share knowledge. But it's a real pity this is only a video. Some accompanying example code would have invaluable (particularly for dyslexics like myself who's so find it easier to follow source code than spoken languages). Minor criticism aside, this is an issue with CSS that I've struggled with in the past, so I welcome anyone who takes the time to explain it. I'm a Linux / UNIX sys admin and developer by trade. Web development is more a hobby than anything. So I tend to avoid frameworks because I enjoy the "fun" of creating things from scratch. That was already covered in my post: > "Not least of all because -as great a man as Turing was- every other victim of this law would them equally deserve a pardon too (and you know what's going to happen next; some of the less reputable descendants of the aforementioned will no doubt sue the government for an absurd amount of damages)." Yeah, I did make some frameworks myself. I appreciate the suggestions, but for me, half the fun is writing the systems myself. It's also why I went to the trouble of building my own CMS even though there are dozens of perfectly capable ones already available. I found learning to code easier than learning to write in my native language. I think some people are just better suited to some subjects. That said, I never did enjoy writing but always enjoyed programming, so I think an earlier commenter hit the nail on the head when he said it's down to having enough interest in a subject to learn things properly: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4933004 Personally I like the anonymity of funny SSIDs. This just seems slightly desperate (not helped by the example on the landing page: "I just moved into this building and saw your Wi-Fi. Want to grab a beer?" I really do want to like this idea, but I just can't see the benefit of it. Worse still, there's nothing to stop me adding my own e-mail address to my SSID and short-cutting wifis.org entirely. That said, the concept has potential, but I think it needs to branch in a slightly different direction. Maybe the site can be used to search for people who offer up their wireless as free hotspots. Or have interesting intranet services (eg clubs could have some of their local bands content available to download, but only from their Wifi intranet for wifis.org members). At least then they've created an infrastructure where a community can grow in a way similar geotagging. As it stands, I suspect people will sign up and then forget about this service in a couple of weeks time. Which is the opposite of how social networks grow (where people are encouraged to return frequently). Actually, I might set up that wifi geotagging idea myself... Am I going mad or does that article end before it gets started? How Facebook got us to use our real names is pretty well documented, but the result of that is -in my opinion at least- much more interesting. I'd attribute that to the start of the downward spiral of our desensitisation to the erosion of our privacy. Before then, people cared much more about how supermarkets collated shopper habits based on club cards used. Or CCTV cameras. Now few people even seem to care that their e-mails are being scanned for targeted adverts. Maybe I'm being too harsh? Or does anyone else agree? I don't think it takes a doctor of human psychology to work out why an e-mail address has been used as an SSID. Having written an IRC client and several bots, I actually like the simplicity of the protocol. I really wish Google released an SDK for writing fully fledged Android apps in Go. "This is self indulgent crap." Agreed. The crying bit was particularly bad. For an article that could have focused on how far some individuals will go to respond to their customers, she some how managed to turn the focus onto her "plight" for actually getting what she damn well intended in the first place (albeit not from the stereotyped deliverers she'd expected). This whole article says more about her than anything else. It's not just GUI message boxes that thought has to be applied to - any form of user input (including command line apps). I remember the old DOS days when reading a floppy disk failed: Abort, Retry, Fail? I never could remember the difference between Abort and Fail . I'm inclined to agree with you. In fact I personally prefer the boring sites where most of the important content is presented on screen with minimal scrolling. However I also started building websites in the early 90s when bandwidth dictated design. That all said, I want to take anything away from this guy, he's done a fantastic job and deserves recognition. I wasn't meaning to imply you were bashing the kid (though now you've mentioned it, I can see how my post may have read that way). Sorry for the confusion :) How does Chrome handle user accounts? I use Chromium and have a few Google accounts and find switching profiles a chore (first world problems I know). If there's a feature I'm overlooking then that would be fantastic. > Is there any reason for copyrights so long? The only reason is greed. It's greedy because no other industry expects a 50 year product life cycle. And what's more, manages to get consumers to pay repeatedly for the same product every 10 years. You buy an album on vinyl, then cassette, than CD, then MP3 - that's 4 separate times you'd have paid for the exact same album if you were to do things entirely legal (in the UK, it's still technically illegal to rip your own CDs). The whole thing is mental and it's at least part of the reason why piracy is so prevalent - users have gotten so fed up of paying through the nose and not owning the content, being subjected to unskippable anti-piracy adverts and DRM, that they've turned to a subculture which can give them the content they want in a format they want and without any anti-usage policies. Going back to your start up comparison, free markets are driven by companies constantly seeking customers by either the best, the cheapest or by offering a unique element. This means that companies are constantly trying to out do each other, and those that are the most expensive and provide the worst service go out of business. Yet in the content industry, the big corporations are the most expensive, and provide the worse service. And we're not just talking about a bad service, we're talking so appallingly bad that they deliberately set out to make the product crap (like I said, DRM, anti-piracy ads, etc). In any other industry, those businesses would have gone under. Nice code, but I think a more robust method would be using the return codes from ping: while (true) do ping -c1 -w3 google.com && say "ping" && sleep 3; done the terrifying thing is how hard they are to detect (basically spotting a black speck against the black of space). But at least, if detected early enough, an asteroids path can be changed. If a star goes supernova within a few million light years of Earth, we'd all be fried. Despite how mind boggling big space is, world extinction events are worryingly easy. /me is pretty sure he'll have nightmares tonight... The current preferred method is essentially firing painballs at one side of the asteroid. http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2012/deflecting-an-asteroid-wi... A few million light years could still be within our local group (depending on the exact value of "a few"), but you're right about my error. I'm not really sure where I pulled that epic brain-fart of a figure from... To be fair, the screenshots do not do it justice. The default theme is a lot more slick than the horrible blue themes in the screen shots. You also have to bare in mind that Subsonic also has native players for a whole bucket load of platforms (both mobile and desktop), supports video, transcodes, is multi user and has a tone of other neat functions. In many ways, Subsonic is more akin to Spotify. As already mentioned in these comments, Subsonic will do that. People are always quick to pull a small subset of data to brand the younger generation as failures. It happens all through the ages: drugged up hippies, punk rockers, pill popping clubbers, internet trolls.... Yet the younger generations are growing up, getting degrees, decent jobs and generally giving the old guard a run for their money. I'd say that was more "narrow minded prejudice" to dismiss an application you've not researched nor ran simply because of a tired old myth about an enterprise level language which is in wide scale production use on devices ranging from 'dumb' feature phones through to enterprise servers. But really, it's your loss. It's W3C (WWW Consortium). Also Google has a neat cache feature for instances like these. Just do the following search: cache:w3.org The sad thing is, I think all the big parties are the same these days. It's not even a case of voting for the "lesser evil", they're all equally bad just better or worse on different policies. While I would never give up my right to vote and disagree with voter apathy, even I'm starting to question the point of it all. I suppose I should at least be grateful that I live in a democracy; however I can't help thinking that it's all just for show and that us "little people" actually have no power nor influence what-so-ever. It's all the same shit but from a different parties. Well yeah, I disagree. I suspect most people would (even if only at the 'one and only target in your life' part). Sorry, but I'm at a complete loss as to how that follows on from my post. RT is a Russian national news service. They're quite anti-US, anti-NATO, etc. I actually quite enjoy the RT TV station - they have some rather amusing reports. However, like all stations, they have their bias. So it's worth noting that their reports against the US should be taken with a pinch of salt (much like how I wouldn't trust any reports from Fox News). I see what you're saying, but I rarely wear a mask. I am myself to most people. I'm also pretty bad at doing as I'm told. whether the two are related I don't know :) > I think ALL reports from ANY news source should be taken with a pinch of salt I'd already said that: "However, like all stations , they have their bias." > but if anything, you want to read about your nation from non national and possibly independent news outlets. Which is why I follow RT ;) > But how can you blame them for criticizing US foreign policy ? I wasn't. I was only advising people about a bias. Which is only fair given the likelihood of myself being one of the few in this thread who actively follows RT - so other readers on here may not be familiar with their editorial style (and let's not forget that the commenter before me did ask why RT may have ran this particular story). Plus, to be fair, if you followed RT yourself, then I'm sure you'd agree that they are very one sided (almost to the degree of Fox News - albeit delivered less like a cabaret!). Where as many other stations and publications (eg BBC News) are a lot more balanced. I'm not trying to imply that the BBC doesn't have their own biases as well - but they are less polarised by it. So it's often worth noting which reporters are more reputable than others (another example: any health scare published in by the Daily Mail has to be treated with a huge amount of skepticism as they have a long history of adding dramatised editorials, skipping over vital facts and misquoting scientific research). Craprags don't exist to discredit the truth. They exist to sell their version of the truth. Sometimes that means distorting reality a little, by promoting statistics that appear -to the uninformed- to support their argument. However sometimes their version of the truth can be served verbatim. However sometimes, the truth is distorted simply because the reporter isn't educated on that subject. It's a common problem with articles on legal proceedings, and with science papers too (the reporting on the "faster than light" neutrino is one great example of the press not understanding their subject!) > On big topics and high profile news you would suspect the message is not the journalist's independent bias but is instead the management's or dare I say administration's, not just some slipped piece of news that hasn't gone through central editing and review. All bare one of my points* was about the managements bias. * re science reporters Any site with a URL like 'whylinuxisbetter.net' is clearly going to be biased, but let's be honest, it's not as if Microsoft never play the FUD game themselves. You're absolutely right that Linux does have it's own problems as well, but on the whole, I do think Linux is a better platform. However there is a big caveat there: it's the best platform for me . The problem with having arguments about which OS is better is that the term 'better' is used too broadly. And as everyone has different criteria and preferences, what's 'better' for one person isn't always 'better' for another. Not to mention that if everyone stopped spending money tomorrow, then the economy would crash, millions of people would lose their job - meaning both personal savings and government resources are crippled. Which means the chances of you having enough money and a state pension you can live off by retirement age is significantly reduced. While I'm not trying to argue that saving is a bad thing (clearly it's important to have some savings!), it's also fair to say that spending is good for the economy as well. There's also an argument that relaxation and consumerism breeds motivation. Relaxation: I work better during the week if I've had a relaxed weekend. Working better leads to a greater likelihood of promotion and thus more income. Also I'm more likely to job hunt if I feel confident about myself. That positive psyche comes from positive environment and often that means having relaxation time at home. Consumerism: The very reason I got my first job was because I wanted to buy a Dreamcast. When I wanted a house, I changed to a better paid job. Then I wanted nicer things for my house and a car, so I asked for a pay rise. Sometimes greed can be a positive force (if channelled appropriately). Not to mention databases with thousands of user details. Desktops will have -if you're lucky- just a households worth of data, and even then you'd have to probe for that. Unfortunately I agree. It's such a shame to see what was once the most dominant mobile phone company reduced to becoming yet a another Microsoft OEM :( That's a poor response promoted by people who cannot grasp the basics of a 'hypothetical'. Nobody is suggesting that everyone will stop spending tomorrow. However if an article discusses that people should save instead of spend, then the next logical discussion would be what happens if everyone takes that advice. > "The federal penalty for possessing a firearm while robbing a bank is a mandatory minimum of 5 years and a maximum of life in prison. The mandatory minimum means that a judge could not sentence an armed bank robber for less than 5 years for each bank robbed while holding a gun (you don't even need to show it; just having it is enough). What's more, you don't even have to have a gun for it to be classed as "armed robbery". In the UK, just the threat of having a fire arm is enough (you could be brandishing a water pistol or even just making a gun gesture behind your unzipped coat). I agree about the maintainability issue. I really hate this kind of use of CSS as it strikes me as abuse of coding standards. It's as if a bunch of intellegent developers decide to throw all sanity out the window and compare cock sizes using CSS as their ruler. Maybe I'm just old school, or maybe years writing native applications and fixing other peoples kludges has taught me disciplines that many of the younger web developers missed; but I'm a firm believer of the need to keep the different paradigms separate: * HTML: mark up for the content * CSS: design (though I tend to run 2 CSS files: 1 for layout and one for the motif/colour schemes) * img (et al): embedded objects such as images (if people really want to use vector graphics, then there's SVG). It's like how you wouldn't write a game and have the OpenGL wrappers in the same classes as computer AI; you'd modularise your project sanely. So why does such logic get thrown out the window when it comes to web development? > Expecting NFS (or any other remote filesystem) to behave as if it were local is a fundamental error. Any storage medium is subject to fail, the issue isn't specific to remote file systems. In fact I personally consider the Plan 9 methodology towards file systems to be one of the greatest ideas it's imparted on Linux and Unix. So I'm all in favour of the local file systems, services and remote objects and file systems transparently behaving as one. > Time, and speed of light, ultimately matter. People often cite the speed of light when talking about electronics when actually electrons don't travel at the speed of light (they have mass). The difference maybe small, but using precise scientific terms imprecisely is one of my pet hates. > You're going to have to compromise: whole systems (or clusters) going titsup because your NFS heads had a fart, or lost commits. Neither is very attractive when shit's on the line. If this is a serious issue then you should be looking into iSCSI. A bad workman blames his tools, a good workman finds the best tool for the job. Interesting stuff. Thanks for the correction :) There's no nice way of saying you have a gun. Also handling stolen goods is a crime. So even if you didn't personally rob the bank, if you know the money is dodgy then you shouldn't accept it. > My experience with NFS failures is that they're an order or two of magnitude higher (and much more binary) than local storage issues. Usually that's the fault of lower down in the chain than with NFS itself. If you're building a home brew SAN using NFS, then there's a lot of kernel tweaks and such like that you can implement. The Linux kernel is a great all-rounder, but if you're building your own enterprise-grade appliances then there's a lot more work required than just vi'ing /etc/exports. But anyone using NFS to run databases or for caches needs their head examining. It's purely a protocol for file system sharing, caching should be ramdisk, databases should be using dedicated TCP/IP channels preferred by the RMDBS in question and so on. Using NFS as a blanket solution like that is a little like running websites over NFS and wondering why PHP isn't compiling properly. In fact some versioning systems do use HTTP as their method for syncing. I see. Will some kind of distributed file system work here? If you can clustered your NFS server you'd (hopefully) end up with more localised nodes for your client to connect to (a little bit like how a CDN works). For what it's worth, I wouldn't even run 5000 simultaneous HTTP requests on a single node in any of my web farms, let alone on a single NFS server. Also have you looked into kernel level tweaks? I'm guessing you're either running Solaris (being a former Sun shop) and while I am a sysadmin for Solaris, I've not needed to get this low level before, but certainly on Linux, there's a lot of optimisations that can be made to the TCP/IP stack that would improve the performance in this specific scenario. I do agree with you that 400->5000 active NFS connections does push the realm of practical use, but I don't think that dismisses NFS entirely; it still outperforms all other network mounted file systems. I hate the font. It's practically unreadable in Chrome on Windows. Not eased by the fact that I'm dyslexic so struggle to follow a line of text anyway. I really wish web developers stopped cocking about with type-faces. Most of the time they don't test it on other platforms, and nearly all of the time they don't consider the usability for people with either poorer eye site or other reading difficulties. Quite frankly, I'm gutted and annoyed at this site because the content looks interesting but I can't read more than 2 lines of the fucking thing (thus ended up having to edit the CSS in Chromes inspect tool). Very annoying and completely necessary. Yeah, but he also criticized Jurassic Park despite the fact that most of Jurassic Park's OS views were genuinely Unix (SGI's IRIX, to be precise): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y12_WrlPaw In that clip, you can see fsn , which is a genuinely real 3D file manager for IRIX: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaRHU1XxMJQ Granted it's fair to say that the average theme park wouldn't be running IRIX, but Jurassic Park wasn't the average theme park (movie quote: "no expense spared"). So I think some of his criticisms are completely misplaced. I think it was Richard Feynman that once wrote: "If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics" If it wasn't him, then he certainly said something akin to that (there's a number of similar remarks made by a number of different physicists) > it's not about the money. It's an ego thing. The two things are not always mutually exclusive. Society generally associates money with success. Thus money is the benchmark for ones ego. Not just with CEOs as either. I often read online comments from warring zealots who proclaim "I get paid a i to do this stuff!", as if it somehow validates their claims. Just tried Clearly and it worked brilliantly. Thank you so much for the recommendation. I have a feeling it's going to be used heavily. Oracle/Sun's JRE Works perfectly fine in Linux. Pretty much always has done. I bet the vast majority of those users having problems are running OpenJRE/JDK, which is known to have issues with some Java applications (though the issues are slowly being resolved; bit by bit). Sadly, because of licencing issues, most distros only support the open run times in their main repos, but adding Oracle JRE isn't much trouble. Going even further back: RealPlayer was synonymous this this kind of behaviour. Yet the Linux client never installed such crap. In my opinion, package managers are the single greatest innovation to happen to computer usability since the WIMP paradigm. While you are right, I do think it's fair to say that this is still a pretty prominent advert. Usually Linux gets so sidelined that you have to hunt about for any details regarding compatibility/support, where as here Tux takes more screen real estate than the Windows download link. This is very unusual, so I can't blame a few Linux enthusiasts getting excited. Also, the article does also raise a valid point about Valve's long term interest in Linux; their Steam Box is powered by it. So it's not a huge leap of faith to see this as the first of many gentle nudges away from Windows. Though obviously there's also the chance that this might just end up as flat as the " year of the Linux desktop " predictions that happens every year. You want more examples then? * iTunes installing several start up processes and Quicktime players * printer drivers CDs installing all manner of crapware * OEM bloatware * Winamp installer recommends all sorts of sponsored crap * Adobe's terrible update system (ok, not really what we're discussing here, but i resent having to reboot my entire OS just for an update to a PDF viewer) * and the amount of programs that install start up processes just to check for updates is depressing * Even Microsoft themselves are guilty of pushing crapware (eg Bing seach bars) in Windows update ....and that's just off the top of my head. I know this sounds terribly negative but it's fair to say that Windows' current method for allowing developer to run rampant with 3rd party installers is sub par by today's standards. And I think even Microsoft realise this because they're now switching to a package manager with online repositories with Win8. I just hope that their main focus isn't to fleece the developers like Apple do. This isn't new or unique for Jobs though. He was great at portraying the public image of an ambitious hippy and a visionary who seeked innovation. But in reality he was a bad tempered and egotistical attention seeker with a narrow mind and thus had to do everything his own way. None of his innovations were invented by him. Not even in the early days (Wozniak deserves the real praise there). His hippy attitudes only extended as far as was convenient for him (he claimed that money was never a motive, yet he was one of the most ruthless CEOs who added the highest mark ups on their products than any other company in the technology sector). He didn't even extend his hippy attitudes to his own work force as he was a complete bastard to anyone who wasn't working themselves to death. And then there's the way he treated his own family - absolutely disgraceful. What Jobs had going for him was his ability to switch on his charisma when he needed to. This is what lead him to recruiting some of the brightest minds; this is what helped inspire them to create the products they did; and this is what helped convince the millions of devoted followers that Apple were anything more than just another 'megacorp'. I think you're right that I'm being unbalanced. I just get so sick of reading about people crediting him personally for all the great technological breakthroughs that I was probably over compensating with the aforementioned rant. Joe Armstrong did help create Erlang with Bjarne Dacker: Erlang was created at the CSLab by an initial team of Joe Armstrong, Mike Williams and Robert Virding. http://www.erlang-factory.com/conference/SFBay2010/speakers/... I struggled with that point of his. From a coding speed perspective, he's right. But from an efficiency perspective, even some of the slowest interpreted languages will run circles around a shell script. However it's still an interesting and thought provoking point. It makes you wonder about other ways of plugging different objects / modules together. In a sense, it's the same thing. He's talking about the concept of fitting things together and refers to Unix pipes (in fact the example he gave was literally a string of piped POSIX commands ready for dumping into $SHELL). My point was that this concept doesn't scale well. As a productivity tool, pipes are invaluable. But you wouldn't want to write a performance critical routine using them. At the end of the day (and as Joe said himself), it's about picking the right tool for the job. I think you're being a little unfair there because he's talking about an " unhealthy concentration". Using a lower level language instead of a shell script for high performance scripts isn't unhealthy as it's not a case of just saving a negligible number of clock cycles. The difference I'm talking about like travelling to the moon and back just to buy a pint of milk. Case in point: no sane person would rewrite Apache in Bash. But equally I wouldn't rewrite any of my sys admin shell scripts in C. There's a balance that needs to be struck. Which I did also hint at in my previous post (the one you dismissed outright when arguing about 'unhealthy concentrations'). And I think what Joe actually meant by that quote was the same thing; that many developers are bad at judging that balance. Ahhh that's what you meant by your post. Your original comment was a little cryptic (either that, or I've not had enough coffee today hehe) It seems a little odd to specifically single out my post about efficiency with a quote about efficiency if your intent wasn't to address my point. So if I am reading too much into your post, then what was the intent? My issue largely about the scalability of pipes. They're ok for basic tasks, but not great for complicated routines: 1) You've only got one send and one return. (well, arguably more if you include stderr and exit codes, but they have their own limitations in addition to the aforementioned) 2) They're too insular from each other; different files dotted about that needs to be loaded into the memory then executed. It adds quite a massive overhead. Granted this isn't an issue for the kind of jobs you'd write shell scripts for in the first place, but it does severely hamper this kind of model in terms of scalability. But then we're back to the age old issue of performance vs convenience. I will concede that the second point is more an issue about implementation rather than concept though. But if you were to write a lower level implementation of Unix pipes, I don't think it would pretty much end up with Perl functions (which, to be fair, you suggested yourself). I say Perl specifically because you can create a function without specifying what values to accept (see example below), which is akin to the 'dumb' strings read in from STDIN. sub PerlFunc() { foreach (@_) { $i++; print "Parameter $i == $_\n"; } } So I'm not really saying that pipes isn't the "right approach". Just that it isn't always the best approach. But for things like system administration, pipes are invaluable. Not just because the tools are already written (ie the wealth of command line applications), but also because it's quick to express yet highly readable. I'm not really sure if that answers your question though (or even if I've said anything you don't already know). Ahh I understand. Thank you for the clarification :) Unix pipes are effectively the same thing as using text streams in C. Granted not quite the same thing, but raw bits are often used in lower level languages. Take Windows Win32 APIs, there's a lot of instances where styles are defined by adding constants with values being exponentials of 2. Thus creating a binary array of boolean states. Another example I used to run into was Windows' controller (joystick et al) API (again Win32). Each bit would represent a different controller button and the 'on' state was if the button was depressed. But as the value was returned as an unsigned long int (if memory serves), it was up to the developer to write their own parser to convert what would otherwise been a random number into a meaningful array of bits. (or at least I did - there is a chance I overlooked another function as this was before I made the switch to DirectX6 - so many years ago!) What's ironic is the companies and individuals that hide behind the excuse of capitalism for most of their ethically questionable activities are the same people who actively lobby to destroy free markets thus further leveraging their control over consumers. Sometimes I wonder if Americans really live in a democratic and capitalist society, because sometimes it feels more like a dictatorship ran by the "megacorps" who crush any competition they can through excessive lobbying and abusing the various intellectual property mechanisms. What's even more ironic is the "evil" communist nation of China has more of a free market due to their blatant disregard of intellectual property. Anyone can make any bit of hardware they want, sell it anywhere they want and shop keepers can charge whatever price they want. I'm not saying that China's lack of control is is a good thing necessarily, China are too far in the opposite direction in my opinion. But I just love the perverse logic that the "land of the free" and the pioneers of capitalism is one of the most controlled and anti-consumer markets in the world. The world is truly topsy-turvy. There's a reason I keep arguing about that particular case. It's because you can't really discuss the concept without examples, and as there's only really one implementation of this concept common use, the only example I can give is this particular case. I've been using it for about 2 or 3 years - basically since it's first release. And I actually think the latest app is the best they've done yet. Which isn't really saying much given the latest app still sucks badly. But around 2 years ago, it was so bad I was running 3rd party Facebook clients on Android - some of which were littered with adverts. When being subjected to numerous intrusive adverts is less annoying than using the ad-free official app - well, then you know the in house developers clearly need a lesson in mobile development. A Brit' here, most British dialects are heavy on the R's. Whether that's the rural accents ranging from the Cornish (south west) to Norfolk (south east). Then you have the harsher sounding dialects of the north east - who also seem quite rhotic (or at least, the thicker accents are). Then you have the Welsh and -as mentioned in the article- the Scottish and Irish who all also emphasise their R's (it's quite amusing when I hang out with some of my Scottish friends as they can't pronounce "Karl", so every time they call his name, my other friend "Carol" answers!) The ironic thing is, the way the English are perceived to speak isn't the way how 99% of English (let alone British) people speak. Even in London and it's overspills (the neighbouring counties), which is where our dialects are the least rhotic, most people don't pronounce themselves in the same way as they do in American TV. But I can understand why the stereotyped accent is used; it's a slower and more clearly spoken - which is ideal for broadcasting where the actor needs to be heard and understood by the audience. Many of the northern accents are spoken with such speed that it can be difficult for an untrained ear; even for some of us English! It's also a sexier dialect (few sane people would fall in love with a Geordie accent, Brummie or even Cockney, if they weren't already brought up in that area. If anyone is interested, I'd be happy to find youtube videos for some of the more distinct dialects. [edit] Just been chatting to my wife about this. She's from the north east of England, I'm from the south. It seems I've overstated the amount of emphasis the north east places on their R's. I'm not sure if I'm alone about this, but the funny thing about pronunciation is the moment you're asked to think about the way you pronounce a word, you've instantly forgotten how you normally talk! This is taken from a British sitcom, 'Alan Partridge'. It features a Norfolk and a Geordie: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSHHbfY6MVc It's actually a pretty good example of a Newcastle (Geordie) accent despite being a comedy show. Finding a good example of a Brummie accent as proven more tricky as I'm either stumbling across paradises where they over accentuate the "twang", or TV personalities where the access is suppressed a little. Ozzy Osbourne is from that area and in his interviews you can sometimes hear the accent showing through. The pronunciation itself isn't hard to understand; I highlighted it because it's a unique accent. I think these days it's mellowed quite a bit though. This video isn't work safe, but it's the best example of a Welsh accent I could find. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwUrMEZWj5o (this is also probably the accent I hate the most - I couldn't explain why, but it just grinds) This is the Cornish (south west) accent: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jbxdZE3g80 It's probably the closest to the old Shakespearian English that someone linked to in these comments. I've had a dig around, it was actually a lot harder than I was first anticipating (so you may have already found better examples than I). But the ones I did post are here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5131264 There's also Gavin And Stacy - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AZxRBMECQU (I can't believe I didn't think of this sooner!) For the non-English readers, the two girls are Welsh, the two boys are from (if I recall correctly) south Essex (a suburb north of London). I'd forgotten how random Ross Noble is. > Sunderland is about an hour away from newcastle. Not even that. Newcastle and Middlesbrough are about an hour apart (just down the A19); Sunderland is less than half the distance away. I agree. Occasionally you'll find extras which sound Welsh, because the show is filmed in Wales. But for the most part it's a very neutral accent. Even Amy Pond's accent isn't particularly strong. I'm really interested to hear that. I've only ever noticed this on American shows and, until now, I always assumed it was added for American's benefit, but hard coded so they also appeared on UK airings. But now I'm wondering we're the ones adding it. I think the TV bezel example is spot on. But the problem with analogies is if you are of the opposing point of view, then you look for differences rather than similarities, so no analogy would work. Guilty as charged. Looks to me like Jobs uses the entire exchange as a way of undermining Noah's performance in the movie: "I invited him here today to see how I really act" etc I'd say Woz's role was far more pivotal than Jobs'. For every salesman, you need several engineers to actually create and build a product worth selling. I'm aware of all of that, but it doesn't change anything that I said. Steve still depended on others to produce the goods - what you posted there just confirms my point. Also, I will concede that he's more than a salesman - as you stated about him motivating. However that doesn't make him an inventor, creator, designer, engineer nor any of the other attributes people credit him with. The problem with e-mails are not the front ends we use with them, but the protocol itself. Everything is transferred as text, which means binary files (embedded images, attachments, etc) have to be Base64 encoded. This adds a CPU overhead, but most importantly inflates file sizes by ~30% Then there's security issues; the vast majority of mail servers default to clear text rather than SSL. But that wouldn't be so bad if there was some inbuilt method for end-to-end encryption. Sadly there isn't, so we have a whole plethora of 3rd party hacks for the mail client - most of which are incompatible with each other. And while we're on the subject of clients - things are a complete mess there. Trying to design a HTML email that will work on most clients is like trying to design a webpage in the 90s. So we need a more standardised way of displaying that data - and if that means forking HTML for email purposes specifically, then so be it. Also, horizontal scrolling webpages are counter intuitive and a complete pain for most users who only have vertical scrolling on their mice / trackpads. Quite frankly, if that's an advert of their product design then it leaves me less than excited about the 'innovations' they'd make to email clients. I know all this seems highly critical against this project - which isn't really the best etiquette on HN. But honestly, why are the old ARPNET protocols (FTP, email, etc) still in widespread use when we have the technology and experience to release vastly improved specifications? Tar is one the less confusing commands in my opinion: CREATE: z = gzip c = create EXTRACT: x = extract AS ALWAYS: v = verbose AND LASTLY, ALWAYS INCLUDE f = file name thus: tar zcfv filename.tar.gz folder will create a tarball of folder. tar xfv filename.tar.gz will extract a tarball. Personally I find the ps command much more confusing; which is only compounded by the fact that GNU, BSD and SysV all have their own switches >. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5163365 2ndly, if an app is boasting about redesigning the way we use email, yet gets the fundamentals of the way we use a webpage completely wrong, then I think criticisms are justified. After all, it's not like this website isn't being used to show case the developers skills. Except, the hobbyist community back then was even further removed from commercialisation than the open source market is today. The hobbyist community back then was based around clubs of people sharing their achievements; the computers they built, software they'd written and any neat tricks they'd invented (like using the electrical interference of the original Altar to play a tune on a radio http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgYhVnmeWrk ). The hobbyist community was very much driven by sharing ideas and code. This is why people got annoyed at that letter. It not only flew against everything the community was built around, but also made some heavy criticisms about their members as well. When you review that letter in the context of the community is was directed at and the time it was written, it seems even more out of place than it does today. The beauty of the way how the TBBT is written is that geeks understand the science and laugh with the show, but the jokes are delivered in a way that non-geeks can still laugh at the punch line as well. Having a show that doesn't dumb down the humour, while still entertaining people like ourselves, would isolate nearly everyone else. A good comparison would be between Frasier and TBBT. Frasier used very highbrow rebuttals delivered in a slapstick way. So even if you've never watched Opera, didn't drink wine and generally understood little about the interests of protagonists, you could still enjoy the slapstick jokes and silly situations that Frasier and Niles Crane would often create for themselves. And this is why TBBT is such a great show - because it's nerdy and my wife still enjoys it. Furthermore TBBT has a lot of subtlety that only a geek or someone living with a geek would notice. Things such as background props (eg desktop computers with the side panels missing). That level of detail only comes from a crew of people wanting to pay homage to nerds rather than ridicule them. So while TBBT does play to the stereotypes a lot and while there are undoubtedly some cringe worthy moments, do think it's a well rounded show if you look at it as a whole. > Subtlety. Thanks for the correction. Post edited :) > To me, given how the show is written, that feels more like pandering. "Oh look, LEGO Millennium Falcon, this show _GETS_ _ME_" That would be the pessimistic view of things, but personally I can't see the issue with that. I'd sooner see facets like that celebrated on popular shows rather than hidden away on niche programmes. Except many geniuses do laugh at some of the dumbed down analogies given by Greene and other household names. Granted they respect those physicists for raising awareness of the respective theories and raising the profile of science in general, but the jokes are still made about the analogies. (in fact you only have to look closer to home to see how often people like us quibble over comparisons made where we're simplifying IT principles). The reason Sheldon's comments were more derogatory is a reflection of Sheldon's character as he sees those people as beneath him. However there's plenty of times he makes extremely complimentary remarks about other physicists - albeit ones not usually known for making the sciences more accessible. Clearly that's just a matter of personal preference. And frankly those kind of comments are not the slightest bit constructive either. It has a terrible -almost "flamebait"- tone to it and offers no reasoning ( "TBBT isn't funny because..." ) nor objectivity ( "In my opinion it's not funny." ). I do enjoy The IT Crowd, but in my opinion it's even worse for stereotyping than TBBT is. If you broke it in such a way that it made their site massively unprofessional or completely unusable, then they'd be forced to either redesign their site or take it offline. Either of which results in those sites no longer feeding off copied code. Which is why escape characters and quotations were invented Android overtook iOS a few years ago. The Samsung SIII also outsells the iPhone 5 - never mind all Android handsets vs all Apple handsets. At least that's the global statistics. Most of the rest of the world isn't nearly as Apple-obsessed as America is. You also have to bare in mind that most people already have a computer. Where as most people don't (or at least didn't) own a tablet. I didn't provide citation because it had been so widely reported that I assumed most people were aware. This was only the first hit in Google - so there'll be other reports as well: http://www.trustedreviews.com/news/samsung-galaxy-s3-outsell... The S3 is the biggest selling handset. Even beating the 4s as well: http://www.pcworld.com/article/2013723/samsungs-galaxy-s-iii... I wont bother next time as it's pretty clear that you're a fanboy so any evidence presented to you would be dismissed. The RDF is strong in this one Whatever mate. I love how Apple fanboys will make up any old BS to justify their biases. > "The only RDF involved is the one you seem to have that suggests for Android to win, Apple must lose." That's rubbish. I don't like either the S3 nor iPhones. And I couldn't care less which platform outsells which other platforms. I just get fed up with people like yourself rewriting history to promote Apple. You asked for citation. I provided. Now you're dismissing the evidence because it doesn't fit with your world view; which makes you beyond reason. So I'm not going to waste any more time trying. [citation needed] Surely I didn't read that right, MS have a $50 million budget just for Google smear campaigns!? One of the biggest things that makes my blood boil is when corporations invest large sums of money to force consumers to use their crappy products instead of spending that money on making less crappy products that consumers choose to buy. I think you're going a little over the top there. Technology has taken off in the past without Apples influences (netbooks, IPTV, I'd even argue that smartphones and MP3 players too - though Apple did lead the charge in their re-invention which further popularised them). Plus it seems a little presumptuous to make such a definitive statement when given Apple's watch is only a rumour and how unreliable Apple rumours are at the best of times. This is also where the argument for different notification tones comes into its own. Where do you draw the line between necessity and greed? Do I need a 40" TV? Not really, 14" is big enough to watch, it's just less enjoyable. But then TV is purely there for enjoyment anyway, so perhaps just owning one is jumping the shark when one could equally read the news online. This watch might be excessive, but then so are the phones that this connects to (how many people actually need a smart phone? Even for corporate use, 'dumb' feature phones can send and receive e-mails). And it's greatest use is to check notifications when driving (I don't need to drive, I could get the train) or chatting to friends down the pub (I don't need to drink). Plus lets not forget that progress and technology is generally invented for 1 of 3 reasons: 1) to kill each other 2) to cut costs in companies (usually resulting in job losses as technology replaces human beings) 3) to make our lives more luxurious. Personally I'd rather see more 'pointless' smart watches than job losses and smart bombs. Rather well actually. It's funny how short some peoples memories are, but netbooks were very well received. Popular enough that Intel rushed through some low powered x86 designs for fear of ARM taking off. Popular enough that Microsoft rushed through changes to Windows XP (both in terms of software code and licensing) for fear of Linux taking off. In fact they were so successful that complaints were often made against Apple for having no such device (this of course was before the MacBook Air and iPad. Neither of which are netbooks -obviously- but between the two they covered enough of the form factor to keep most of the complainer quiet). Granted the demand for netbooks have since fizzled out, but they were hugely successful at the time and did the start of the popularisation of users switching away from heavy "powerhouse" hardware to more portable devices for lighter work loads. Credit for which belongs largely to ASUS and the EeePC, which was basically the first consumer netbook - though similar hardware was being built by the One Laptop Per Child scheme - amongst others. It's also worth noting that ASUS never sued Acer and other OEMs over pathetic design patents over netbooks. And how Diamond Multimedia never sued Apple over portable music players (one could argue the original iPod shared a lot of similarities with the Rio PMP00[1]). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rio_PMP300 Secure boot doesn't offer any practical security. Most attacks are just social engineering, spyware and daemons for DDoS attacking. Basically all stuff that can be run from user space. There's no real advantage in writing rootkits in our current climate as it's significantly more complicated and not nearly as profitable. The cynical side of me thinks secure booting was intentionally developed to lock users into their respective platforms and only later sold as a security mechanism to avoid a massive outcry (a la the "terrorism" excuses that Apple used to argue against jailbreaking). > It does reduce security a bit, but enhances user freedom a lot. "enhances" or "reduces" user freedom. There's nothing about secure boot that enhances freedom. All these articles are a couple of years old now the impression I gathered from chmag is that this is an emerging trend yet, 2 years on, it's still largely unheard of. So I do wonder just how often infected machines (via user space) become subject to rootkits. I'd say it's likely quite a low ratio. Which brings me back to my original point: the vast majority of attacks happen in user space. However, I will concede that I assumed rootkits had pretty much died out entirely. And as security is about covering all bases (both high risks and low risks); I welcome your correction and consider myself better informed :) The problem is the temptation for evil is too attractive (as seen by Microsoft's policy on ARM). After all, the Microsofts and Apples of this world don't become big without being at least a little cut-throat. This one is rather impressive to watch as well: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c-0iwBEswE It's more likely that it happened so suddenly that they didn't have time to turn the radio off and they're in such shock that they've totally blanked the background noise out. Good post Getting back to this specific topic, there's also the issue that, when driving, your own safety is still paramount. Even if this was recognised as an emergency, there's very little a driver can do to react while he's inside a moving vehicle on a busy road. There's no need to be hostile in your response to a legitimate question; even if the answer seems painfully obvious to yourself and others. After all, we all learn by asking questions. Do the owners of python.co.uk not have to prove the legitimacy of their right to the name as well? I'm fairly sure that trademark law works on the principle that you have to be seen to defend your trademark in order for it to be considered your intellectual property (it's why you often see silly stories in the news about big companies chasing after trivial businesses then settling quietly out of court). As the other company has let "their" trademark fester for 13 years, I can't see how they have any legitimate legal claim. Would someone care to address the faults in my comment rather than just voting me down? I asked a legitimate question. Well that's partly my point. The owners of python.co.uk have waited 13 years to make a complaint about others using their trademark. And due to this, are arguably in a weak position to claim ownership of the trademark. So my question is this; are the owners of python.co.uk also being challenged to prove they've used their trademark? Are the owners of python.co.uk being challenged to prove that they've tried to enforce control over the trademark over the 13 years leading up to this case? If you want an example of what I mean, then check domain name trademark policy: http://wordpressfoundation.org/trademark-policy/ > "All other WordPress-related businesses or projects can use the WordPress name and logo to refer to and explain their services, but they cannot use them as part of a product, project, service, domain, or company name and they cannot use them in any way that suggests an affiliation with or endorsement by the WordPress Foundation or the WordPress open source project. For example, a consulting company can describe its business as “123 Web Services, offering WordPress consulting for small businesses,” but cannot call its business “The WordPress Consulting Company.” Similarly, a business related to WordPress themes can describe itself as “XYZ Themes, the world’s best WordPress themes,” but cannot call itself “The WordPress Theme Portal.” > Similarly, it’s OK to use the WordPress or WordCamp logo as part of a page that describes your products or services, but it is not OK to use it as part of your company or product logo or branding itself. Under no circumstances is it permitted to use WordPress or WordCamp as part of a top-level domain name." The reason for this is quite simple, they've been seen to enforce their trademark so if there's ever any disputes, Wordpress are on strong legal ground. However python.co.uk owners have allowed the name -"their" trademark- to be borrowed and used globally. So it's now a grey issue as to whether the aforementioned still have a legal right to that trademark. So if I understand trademark law, then the PSF should also be challenging python.co.uk to prove that they've made any effort to enforce their trademark before now. I hope for PSF's sake that I am right here because that would put them in a much stronger position to win this dispute than just proving the widespread use of the term under their context alone. Google's not an accurate gauge these days as it's results will be biased depending on who's performing the search. Google results are trailered to the user based on location, search habits and so on. I see. Thank you for clearing that up As much as I'm OCD about this sort of thing myself, I can't help thinking that this guy is trying to solve a problem that doesn't exist. The biggest problem I have if just the effort of keeping all the environments unified on all the boxes I administrate. Because of this, these days I just don't bother with large and complicated custom shell environments - just a few aliases on my workstation and that's about it. The crux of the matter is if time spent trying to keep your environment in sync across your infrastructure is greater than the time you save due to increased productivity - then it's really just a wasted exercise. What I'd be more interested in is a way to have a .remote.bashrc running on my workstation that will then automatically set the environment for any servers I SSH into (thus removing the need for me to keep copies on each server). Actually, that last idea should be pretty easy, I've just never thought about it until now.... Now that's what I'm talking about! And here's me thinking I'd have to manually write a simple wrapper to do this. Thanks a million :) Even so, this is an amazing invention. This has also been confirmed by Facebook themselves: https://blog.facebook.com/blog.php?post=248766257130 It would appear so: https://blog.facebook.com/blog.php?post=248766257130 This is already on the front page: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5243271 If you're submitting your blog post because you think HN readers would enjoy the article, then absolutely. If you're submitting your blog post because you want free advertising, then not really, no. I appreciate there's a fine line between the two (after all, who doesn't want free advertising?), but if HN readers are not interested then the article will quickly drop away without much exposure anyway. Sometimes I think it's easier for people to pick faults with other peoples products than it is for them address the inadequacies in their own output. His point was more regarding those who have made silly criticisms for the sake of making criticisms rather than those who have found genuine faults with the product. To use a practical example, in the New Scientist link for this product (which also made the front page), one commenter stated how the structures drooped a little and then commented that perhaps some kind of magnetic field could be used to hold the plastic in place while it cooled (he was more specific than that, but I can't recall the details). That guy spotted a flaw and offered some of his own insights which subsequently sparked an interesting discussion based off that. Where as "this isn't 3D printing" and "this is just a glue gun" are unconstructive and, quite frankly, just nitpicking for the sake of nitpicking. The latter comments are as if people want to be seen as knowing better than the designers of the "3D pen" yet without risking their own reputation, money nor time. And that's why some of us get annoyed when we see some pessimistic comments (not all pessimistic comments as you do also need constructive negative feedback to improve) and just wish those guys would focus their own frustrations into something constructive instead of knocking everyone else down. > I don't like the UI formerly known as Metro, but Windows 8 isn't thaaat bad and this bashing quickly got old. It's easily the worst GUI shell on any popular OS. It's counter intuitive (very little of the OS is guessable), jarring between Metro and the classic desktop, and so poorly thought out that even IT professionals struggle to use it. Given the excellent research facilities Microsoft have, their near-bottomless money pit and their massive market share for desktop / laptop installs, releasing such a substandard product is completely inexcusable. So honestly, the apologists trying to forgive Microsoft quickly gets old. Learning C# to make switching to Javascript easy seems somewhat backwards. Plus it's not as if it's hard to leap between C-syntax and VB's syntax anyway. They're both imperative languages with much of the same core blocks (albeit often called differently). Switching between such languages shouldn't take more than a quick glance through a "beginners guide" and then some cross-referencing as you go alone (like using an English/French dictionary). It's not like they're different paradigms like functional languages (Lisp et al) > ['&&' is used] in almost all programming languages [including] c, c++, JavaScript and... You mean all C-syntax languages. ;) There's a hell of a lot of Turing complete languages that don't follow C's syntax (Python, Pascal, Lisp, Haskall, Scala, Erlang, Scheme, PL/SQL, JCL, COBOL, Logo, ALGOL, Fortran, Ada...and countless others which I've I've forgotten about or have never even heard of. But sadly it seems many developers aren't even aware of the popular paradigms outside of imperative programming, let alone the numerous other imperative languages that were popular before C's syntax became the de facto standard template. This is true for me to. Particularly the last bit, I never "like" embedded content (links, videos, etc), and never click the links themselves either (if I care, then I Google the description to find the link outside of Facebook). The title only suggests something unique about Go to those who didn't read the article. There's a good chunk of that article dedicated to discussing the language choice and how other languages could have been used instead but -in this specific instance- wasn't chosen. The language choice is as much a part of the topic as the compression routines themselves. So it makes a lot of sense to include the term 'Go' in the title given that's a large focus of the article. It's really no different to all these articles that spring up about fancy demos being built in Javascript or CSS tricks. Yet in those instances nobody says "the title is misleading. You could write that demo in C++ as well." I can't see how Facebook would know without the destination sending your details back to Facebook. And in those instances, the destination site wouldn't know if I've ended up there after a suggestion on my friend stream or because a cat randomly jumped on my keyboard and coincidently typed their search pattern into Google. So such statistics would be pretty meaningless to all but our other internet overloads, Google. > The thing is, many people use the title to determine whether the article is worth reading. That same argument could be used for having the language in the title as people who are not interested in programming are going to be less interested in a thread about programming. And language fanboyism is going to happen with or without this title (given the content of the article). What's happening here is more a case of lazy members wanting to commentate on articles they've not even read. It's basically the lowest form of blogging. I really feel sorry for this guy. Accidents happen, which is why development happens in a sandboxed copy of the live system and why back ups are essential. It simple shouldn't be possible (or at least, that easy) for human error to put an entire company in jeopardy. Take my own company, I've accidentally deleted /dev on development servers (not that major of an issue thanks to udev, but the timing of the mistake was lousy), a co-worker recently dropped a critical table on dev database and we've had other engineers break Solaris by carelessly punching in chmod -R / as root (we've since revised engineers permissions so this is no longer possible). As much as those errors are stupid and as much as engineers of our calibre should know better, it can only takes a minor lack of concentration at the wrong moment to make a major fsck up. Which is doubly scary when you consider how many interruptions the average engineer gets a day. So I think the real guilt belongs to the entire technical staff as this is a cascade of minor fcsk ups that lead to something catastrophic. Bad analogy as bitcoins wouldn't stop your VPN host from being searched. In fact, if we're completely honest, paying for a VPN with bitcoins doesn't mean your identity is hidden anyway. All it would take is one connection record in one log file and you're exposed. > Bitcoin is a very useful tool. It's the email of money. I hope not because email should have been replaced a decade ago (no native end-to-end nor encryption. Node-to-node encryption (eg SSL) isn't standard let along the default, no native support for binary objects and base64 MIME increases files sizes by ~30%, and the mess of plain text and half supported HTML across the plethora of clients make designing mailshots a complete nightmare so there should be some sub-standard of HTML that is both secure and universally supported. No. And I resent the fact that you couldn't be bothered to read past my first sentence. The e-mail protocol (and I'm talking about the entire stack, from SMTP to the client's handling) is old and really not best suited for the modern way we send documents and modern security concerns. Which was the crux of my point. So I'm not talking about replacing the paradigm nor ownership, just it's the implementation. > What exactly would be the point of native end-to-end encryption over PGP? Basically just universal compatibility with clients and ease of use. It's a bit how you could have all your important Word documents in a password protected compressed archive. But having password protection and zip compression native in OOXML is more convenient for users and guarantees than anyone with an OOXML compatible office suite has support to open the same documents (baring authentication of course). > The problem with email encryption is solving the authentication part, not the encryption itself. It's both. Emails are typically transmitted in clear text so having something having them encrypted by default is a huge step up. (a bit like how people should be moving away from FTP and using SFTP, or SSH instead of telnet). The article clearly states that they're using GeoIP: "Geolocation was performed against the IP addresses using the Free GeoIP API" That quote even contained a hyperlink to Free GeoIP's website. I like that idea. I might start doing that. I totally agree with that, 100%. I just wish I didn't have to get up again in the morning. Human error is unacceptable. Online services should never have a single point of failure which can take their entire global presence offline. Not only because it minimizes the risk of catastrophic accidents, but also because hardware does occasionally break. This is why every piece of kid should be mirrored with a redundant backup and why many businesses even have entire duplicated standby systems for such disasters. Even if that gear cannot support the entire infrastructure, it's usually enough to at least publish an official status page. Having to use Twitter to update users is just amateurish in my opinion. > This response indicates lack of experience to me. I could say the same in return. I've worked in a few data centres and they've all put redundancy at the forefront of their design. (even to the point of having multiple physical fibre paths for fail over). > No systems are immune to failure. No matter how much redundancy you have You have that backwards. No systems are immune to failure, which is why you have redundancy. > chances are you have interdependencies you did not anticipate, and sooner or later run into failure scenarios that violate your expectations. If the dependencies haven't been anticipated then someone isn't doing their job right. There's a reason why incident response / disaster recovery / business continuity plans are written. It should be someone's job to think up every "what if" scenario ranging from each and every bit of kit dying, all your staff winning the lottery and walking out the next day and even terrorist attacks. I've even had to account for what would happen if nukes were dropped on the city where our main data center was housed (though the answer to that was a simple one: nobody would care that our site went offline). It might sound clichéd, but people get paid to expect the unexpected and work out how to maintain business continuity. > It's very well possible that Cloudflare messed up here, but to claim so categorically that "human error is unacceptable" is a bit of a joke. We build systems to withstand the risks we know about, and guess at some we don't. This was their infrastructure failing. If you own and maintain the infrastructure then you have no excuse not to work out what might happen if each and every part of that infrastructure failed. (trust me, I have had to do this in my last two jobs - despite your accusations of my "lack of experience" ;) ). > But the number of possible failure scenarios we don't understand properly is pretty much infinite. You're confusing cause and effect. The number of different causes for failure is infinite. But the effect is finite. For example: a server could crash for any number of reasons (hardware, software, user error, and all the different ways within those categories), but the end result is the same; the server has crashed. Thus what you do is plan for situations when different services fail (staff do not turn up for work, your domain name services stop responding, etc) and plan some kind of redundancy around that, thus giving a little more breathing time for engineers to fix the issue and with the minimum possible disruption to your users. As Cloudflare had to resort to Twitter to update their users, they completely failed every possible aspect of such planning. And given the high profile sites that depend on Cloudflare, they have no excuses. If this happened in any of the other companies I worked for, I'd genuinely be fearful for my job as a crash of that magnitude would me that I hadn't done my job properly. > I run a number of DNS servers myself. And yes, it was "fairly unforgivable" to mess that part up. So then you basically agree with my point > But what I was addressing was the blanket claim that human error is unacceptable. Anyone who runs a setup much larger than a calculator will deal with human errors - whether actual operational errors or human inability to engineer for resilience against all possible but unlikely scenarios - on a regular basis. You're twisting my words and taking them out of context. I was saying that human error is an unacceptable excuse for the entire stack of a company the size of Cloudflare going off line. And I was saying that because redundancy systems should act as a "safety net" so that administrators can make human errors. I've lost count of the number of dumb mistakes I've made over the years, but each time I've been able to switch to a back up system while I've worked towards undoing my cock up. And you said yourself that a complete DNS outage was unacceptable, so clearly you and I are more or less on the same page regarding this. We can be picky, but with good reason as security is an exact science and a costly one to get wrong. There's so much conflicting and out right bad advice posted online these days that sometimes it takes a picky community to help clarify the best practices. For what it's worth, some of the advice given in that article was worth mentioning (eg fail2ban, it's a great tool). But the shared account suggestion was the complete opposite of how you should be managing user accounts as you lose audit trails. And for that comment alone, I'd recommend people read that article with a degree of scepticism before rushing onto any boxes they might administrate. That article has generated a lot of good discussion though. So even if just indirectly, it's been a valuable contribution to HN. > I assigned my Build Succeeded to a WAV file of Darth Vader saying "All Too Easy" and my Build Failed to a WAV file of Han Solo saying "I got a bad feeling about this." That would get very annoying very quickly This is what I used to believe as well. But I'm reading more and more about how ISPs are filtering out such attacks and how some dedicated networking gear (eg Pravail APS) can stop at least some types of DDoS attacks from saturating your web farm. It's that side of things that I'm mostly unclear about. Are solutions like Pravail APS basically snake oil? I love the reporting in that article. No details what so ever; they basically just reiterated the headline several dozen times for content. The thing is, you can still do all this in Apache now. CGI still exists (in fact, it's the default way Perl's ran). So I'm really struggling to work out why I'd install their tool over Apache. And I don't mean this negatively, I really do want to know what separates this product from existing webservers runing CGI, but there's no useful information on their website what-so-ever. If any of the Rebin devs are reading this, are you able to elaborate on this tool a little more? To be brutally honest, the readme didn't really sell the product. But then I guess that's not the point of the readme. However none of your other documentation (blog posts, Rebin product page, etc) explained what sets this product apart either. I think I get it's point now - though I can't pretend to be sure of that. I can see that you're trying to do something a little different from CGI (which, incidentally is available for node.js as well), I'm just not entirely sure how different you two are. I guess the proof of that may just be in using it :) Either way, it's good to see it up on github and I'm sure plenty people will be grateful for your work. It doesn't matter if the fix takes 5 minutes or 5 weeks, it's not Top Gear's, nor any other journalist's, job to play mechanic with a test drive vehicle. Apple and Facebook were never had a monopoly and Google, while arguably still never having had a monopoly, has been investigated. > Why do so many people get this wrong? Because it's impossible to get correct. Even Net Market Share can't boast 100% accuracy. The best we can do is form educated estimations. Port 22 is SSH. Telneting to it wouldn't do much good aside telling you which sshd was listening. I'm also a little confused by what you mean when you said your system doesn't support "HTTP protocol", curl has been a staple for Unix and Linux for over a decade. Or are you trying to run curl from cmd.exe in windows? Possibly. I know good jokes are ruined if they have to be explained, but would you mind on this occasion :) Oh, I know all that (I was building websites in the mid 90s, so I'm old enough to remember a life before the WWW). I assumed you were referencing an old meme or a famous quote from some notable UNIX greybeard. I hadn't realised you were just joking about being old (that wasn't clear from your original comment). Sorry mate, I just misunderstood the context of your joke. (my epic lack of sleep probably didn't help) I don't think there's a single nerd on the planet who hasn't already seen that. Evolution doesn't leapfrog like that. It's a series of multiple smaller mutations over long periods of time. I think him releasing accessible anthems that had widespread popular appeal did far more to isolate Navana from the core metal elitists than any styling choices Kurt may have made. Plus it's not as if metal bands were against 'glamming' up in the first place. In fact it became it's own sub-genre. You raise a very interesting point. I still play the original SimCities from time to time. It's sad to think that modern games might not be around in a decade or two for us to enjoy - even if just for reminiscing. Normally I'd agree with you, but the last 12 months have seen some pretty disruptive changes (the glibc update caught me out more than systemd had). Arch is far from perfect, and I'm not convinced I like the direction it's heading in (re systemd), but that's a plauge for the wider ecosystem than an Arch-specific issue. However Arch definitely find a nice balance between "hands on" and "lazy administration" for desktop users. Sadly though, systemd was the last straw that saw the start of my migration away from Arch on the servers (now a balance of FreeBSD and Debian; depending on the requirements of that server). As with everything though, it's all personal preference. So I expect plenty of people to have a different opinion (and different experiences as well). I love the idea of Ubuntu (not that it hasn't happened many times before) and have a great deal of respect for Mark Shuttleworth for basically funding Canonical out of his own pocket. However he (and Canonical as a company) make some terrible design decisions (Unity, premature adoption of Pulse audio, and -most recently- Ubuntu going solo with display managers). I wouldn't be the slightest bit surprised if Shuttleworth sees himself as the "Steve Jobs" of Linux and with the direction they're taking, I think Ubuntu will be like Android/Linux (ie still "Linux", but largely incompatible with the traditional desktop Linux ecosystem). Hopefully I'm wrong. But Shuttleworth has done little to give me confidence. CentOS isn't run by Red Hat. I wasn't sure if that was implied by your post or just listed as a reference of distribution names. So just in case it was implied... :) He didn't say Red Hat is fictional, he said he can't see Red Hat in the graph (and that was only because he was looking at the wrong graph). I can see why you might have misunderstood him though. "Does not exist" could be read both ways. Has anyone had an experience of running websites from Go; or more specifically, how you handle none-HTML content? I've been considering porting my CMS from mod_perl to Go, but I'm not sure how you work with the other files (CSS et al). I did read somewhere that you run Go from Apache but it's not recommended. It's not really possible without adding resources (ie a new server). The problem is, once your servers get saturated, requests queue up, processing slows down and users start to hit refresh which artificially and exponentially increases traffic. Then to compound things, servers buckle, which means you lose a resource right when you needed it the most. A domino effect is one analogy, another might be how a small hole in a damn can buckle and blow open from the force of the water pushing through. Thanks for that. The issue I have is that I would prefer to keep Apache around if I can (I have a few sites - some of which I host for friends). While my web server does have a few IPs attached, I'd rather not have to buy more IPs just to separate Apache from Go. And to be perfectly honest, I do quite like Apache. (each to their own I know, but I've had little reason to complain about it). You are an absolute star. If I could up vote you a hundred times I would. Thank you Nice idea. I might try that before dipping my toes into Nginx This has been my experience learning Go as well. Well yeah. You can do all sorts of tricks from TCP/IP hacks to streamline HTTP requests through to disabling queuing entirely. But my point is you cannot entirely prevent your site from saturation without adding extra servers to your web farm (and more so, that siavosh 's method of taking servers out of service has the inverse effect of what he was trying to achieve). Thus all you can do is slow the escalation in the hope that the traffic peaks before your resources buckle. The only method I'd found that is "guaranteed" to prevent such outages is the use of sorry pages (ie a static page stating "We're experiencing high volumes" which users are directed too if the dynamic page connections are maxed out). However even that is just essentially a prettier version of a page time out - and I mean this in terms of usability rather than technicality. ie the site is still unavailable, but you're killing the connection in a user friendly way rather than allowing connections to stack or just flat out disallowing "> n " active TCP/IP connections. To be fair, I'd be quite disorientated too if a huge magic hand came down from the sky and transported me to another location. ;-) In all seriousness, I can forgive that kind of bug because it's the players manipulating the game in a non-realistic manner. If you don't push the sims about manually then mechanics were quite well done. In this, however, we're talking basic AI failing which is central to the game. I'm glad you want that way with the joke rather than a take on the popularised media term, "god particle". Why not just install Roundcube[1] on top of your preferred MTA? It's free and it's going to be more polished than any $500 bespoke project. [1] http://roundcube.net/ I can't speak for lawyers, but how many people bodge their own plumbing because they underestimate the skill required by professional, trained, plumbers? Nice job, though if I'm completely honest, I found that version quite easy compared to the Hatris. > Reading comments here and on stackexchange I'm surprised > that no mention is made of the Data Protection API (DPAPI) > on Windows, which is designed specifically for this purpose. It was mentioned and quickly dismissed as not being effective: 1) if it can be decrypted by the API, then it can be cracked by any process given enough time and resources. 2) further to point #1, the Data Protection API was reversed engineered in 2010. 3) security is only as strong as your weakest link, and that API doesn't address the "weakest link" of running malware locally. eg it's much easier to keylog passwords to begin with than to scan the RAM. I'm inclined to agree with those comments. While that API is a nice idea, I think it's a little ineffective in practice. > Both of those seem easy enough to fix, which I imagine Microsoft has > done (the exploit was discovered 3 years ago). I'm going to do a little > more research when I have time. Well, by your own confession, you've not read about a fix thus far, and Microsoft have been known to let poorer encryption APIs go unpatched for great lengths of time even when a problem is known (eg NTLM passwords aren't salted), so I wouldn't be the slightest bit surprised if this hasn't been patched either. However, regardless of whether it has or hasn't, said patches only increase the CPU time it takes to crack the passwords, it doesn't make the passwords impossible to crack. And, as I'd already said, there's weaker links that can be exploited anyway. > Lastly, and importantly, this attack is an offline attack. All the attacks we're talking about here are offline attacks. > Granted, nothing other than 2FA will protect anyone (or DPAPI) against key > loggers, but that's true for all OSs. Of course it's true for all OS's. I never once suggested otherwise. Honestly, I'm puzzled why you'd even bring that point up. > If local malware is the strength of the argument against DPAPI then > I might as well go so far as to say that the most secure system is no system. Which is what myself and pretty much everyone else in this discussion have already been saying. At some point, there needs to be a balance between usability and security. I think NT (and Linux / BSD / Mach too for that matter) offer enough security to make in-memory password hacking awkward enough that it's a minor security risk while still leaving the host OS highly usable. For the average user, social engineering will always remain the most exploited vector of attack, and for ultra sensitive servers, all we can do is lock them down as best as we can based on the latest fixes and proof-of-concepts. But a sufficiently determined attacker will usually find a way in if there's a sufficiently high enough incentive. Our job (or at least mine), is to make it sufficiently hard that attackers lose interesting trying. But if they've gained root access (in order to run any of the aforementioned attacks), then it's already game over - regardless of whether they manage to decrypt your RAM or not. Which is why I think the aforementioned API is akin to the emperors new clothes (ie all hype, no practical security) The original Unreal used to wow me in terms of scale and beauty as well That's one of the things I love about this place. It's too underground to even have it's own domain name ;) I joke, but the lack of 'hacker' in the URI probably does help keep some of the "riffraff" away. I beg to differ. I thought the difficulty was just right. But then I was a child of the 80s so grew up on Tetris. I'm considering joining. Just one question (and sorry if it's already answered on the meetup page, I did read it but didn't see the answer). Are the topics usually a surprise or are they related to the sponsors (though I notice your headline speaker isn't one of the sponsors)? > What kind of computer and computer education resources are there in North Korea? > It's hard to imagine them pulling this off without some outside help. There's plenty of free resources online: recordings from security conferences posted on video sharing sites (like Youtube); infosec mailing lists; published hacks and so on. Plus hacking is as much a state of mind as it is an education. To pull off attacks like those you'd need individuals who are adept finding weaknesses for themselves rather than just following guides that they've been taught. > It's also hard to imagine anyone except individuals or small collectives would help North Korea > pull this off at this time. From what I've read, they do have some military-governed teams of hackers. If the attacks originated from North Korea, then it would have been a military operation. A very bad description would be: "containers are essentially what you get when you cross virtualisation with chroot". The reason why I give that description to begin with is because containers solve a lot of problems that often lead people towards the virtualisation route. And to the guest "OS", all the applications think they're running on a unique machine from the host. However containers differ from virtualisation in that it's just one OS (one shared kernel). This means you can only run one unique OS (though if you know what you're doing, you can run multiple different distros of Linux in different containers - but you couldn't run FreeBSD nor Windows inside a Linux container). Containers can also have their own resources and network interfaces (both virtual devices and dedicated hardware passed through). Because you're not virtualising hardware with containers and because you're only running one OS, containers do have performance advantages over virtualisation while still being just as secure. So I personally think they're a massively underrated and under utilised solution. If you're interested in investigating a little more into containers, Linux also has OpenVZ, and FreeBSD and Solaris has Jails and Zones (respectively). The wikipedia articles on each of them also offer some good details (despite the stigma attached to wikipedia entries). I've not used Docker specifically, but I have used other containers in Linux and Solaris, so I'm happy to answer any other questions on those. Containers have existed as long as virtual machines have. FreeBSD implemented "Jails" back in the late 90s / yr2000. Linux also has OpenVZ and Solaris has Zones. If you couple a container with a CoW file system that supports snapshotting (eg ZFS or BtrFS), then you can have most of the features you'd expect from virtualisation but without as heavy footprint. Containers are an underrated and often forgotten solution in my opinion. Virtual machines are not more secure. In fact there's been more documented attacks where root access on a guest VM has gained shell access on the host, than there's been against containers. This doesn't mean that containers are more secure than VMs either. Attacking VMs attracts more security researchers from what I've seen (but I may be wrong on that point). However whether your running a container or a virtual machine, you still need some shared processes (eg the 'ticks' of a system clock) and with any sufficiently complicated code WILL have bugs that can be potentially exploited. However the crux of the matter is regardless of whether you're running containers or full blown virtual machines, you cannot escape out of the sandbox without having elevated privileges on the guest to begin with. And if an attacker has that, then you've already lost - regardless of whether the attacker can or cannot escape the sandbox. Lastly, I'm not sure if you're aware of this or not, but this is a Linux solution and has nothing to do with Windows (I only say this because your post seemed tailored towards Windows-hosted virtualisation) > Are you saying that both approaches have the same level of security or probable insecurities? or that you can't currently estimate the difference? A bit of both, but mostly the former. In practical terms, they both have the same level of security. But -as with any software- something could be published tomorrow exposing some massive flaw that totally blows one or the other out of the water. However neither offer any technical advantage over the other from a security stand point and from a practical perspective, the real question of security is whether your guest OSs are locked down to begin with (eg it's no good arguing which home security system is the most effective if you leave the front door open to begin with). > Even being aware that this is a Linux solution I mentioned the Windows technologies that I know technically. That's fair enough and I had suspected that was the case. I just wanted to make sure that we were both talking about the same thing :) After seeing all the github ID's posted, it reminds me how much I'd like to see a PM feature added to HN. > Online retailers can only use "authorised images" to advertise GoPro products? That is more than a little sketchy. They cannot use their own original photographs that they have taken and own the copyright to? I maybe mistaken here, but I'm fairly sure reporting / reviews are classed as 'fair use'. If this was ever to go to court, then I'm certain the judge would just throw the case out. However GoPro would never push it that far, their aim is just to take the review offline for the immediate 2 weeks in the hope that when it goes back online, most people would have moved on. Ironically though, GoPro have attracted significantly more attention to the article by trying to bury the review. I say "ironically", but "deservedly" equally works. I hope this serves as a warning to other companies wishing to abuse DMCA take downs (though I doubt it will). > The hilarious obsession with file size is the start of my frustrations with the web community. It's not so hilarious if you're the one paying for bandwidth when hundreds of thousands of users are accessing your SSL site each day. Or if you're desperately trying to pull one page up quickly while on your smart phone in a region with sketchy (at best) mobile reception. I'm one of those people who are obsessed with keeping file sizes to a minimum and, quite frankly, I find it "hilarious" when developers create sites with both a heavy bandwidth footprint and heavy CPU footprint rendering the bloody thing just because they insist users should experience a full desktop experience inside a web page. Those are different paradigms with different limitations and bottlenecks. Trying to shoehorn in a desktop paradigm (regardless of how elegant the OP might have considered Cappuccino's code) for the web simply didn't make sense back then; and that is why his project failed. I also want to stress that I'm not against interactive sites. Obviously there is a happy medium between minimal design and the OP's vision of the web. However there have been studies that have proven that even a fraction of a second longer page load time can drive business away from your site. And given this and my former points, it makes considerable more sense to use more compact libraries to begin with. Lastly, his point about many developers being unwilling to spend a little time learning web frameworks is something that I haven't personally encountered. But I can agree with his frustration on that specific remark if it is true. Have we stagnated? Or has the rise of lower powered web-enabled devices forced us to re-think the classic rule of programming (ie that applications can progressively increase their system requirements as PCs are progressively becoming more powerful to handle the load). Let's remember that even as recently as 2-3 years ago, top end phones and tablets were single core ARM processors clocked at ~1GHz. And devices of that spec are still in wide spread use even now. The point of the HTML is that it's an open standard which should work on any internet device regardless of platform, patents and what not. While I admire the ambition of the guys who push the envelope of what the web can do, they often forget that everyday sites also need to cater for low end devices used by everyday folk. I'd wager that those journalists just pulled the file from Wikipedia (as so many journalists seem to these days). So the real question is why did Wikipedia add the wrong logo? > The logo he created is not a remix of the original one (if you look in the post they are different), but it's just similar. It's still derivative work though. It wouldn't be the 1st time her published opinion differed from reality (re the "forking" comments not being said in a sexual context[1]). But then in this new age of media, it seems sensationalism is more important than facts presented with civility. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5398681 I take your point. Fair enough :) Totally. And this is the right attitude as well. Let make information available to everyone; then we can worry about making those sites fancier than a strippers underwear draw. She did more than just posting a tweet. She publicly hounded and demonised them when a simple "guys, shut up" would have sufficed. Those people in question have come across as the mature ones since (apologetic and cool-headed) so I'm sure they would have taken her complaints seriously and kept quiet. Failing that, then they would have deserved any backlash. But they weren't even given a warning nor chance to explain the context of their conversation (which wasn't nearly as pornographic as Adria interpreted them). I know I might now sound heartless, but I struggle to find any sympathy when a bully gets bullied. And while I don't wish anyone to lose their job nor receive death threats, this isn't the first time Adria has bullied individuals nor organizations. Quite frankly, she has a history of being unprofessional and a bully. So while I don't wish the backlash on anyone -not even her- I also can't help thinking "what goes around comes around" . Sorry if that makes me sound heartless. I generally have a lot of time for people (even those who I don't like). But after a childhood of being bullied for being different (read: nerdy), I have zero respect for those who choose to bully my nerdy peers (be them male, female, American, Indian, Chinese, gay or straight - i couldn't care less about that stuff; we're all nerds. But if they're a bully, then my respect for them ends). Canonical aren't enabling anything. They just repackage open source software (bar their custom themes and Unity). If the Chinese populous don't like any of the governments additions, then those users can grab the binaries / source code directly and roll their own customisations. Indeed. I did consider that when I made my post but came to the conclusion that China would have an impossible job blocking every PPA and tar-ball mirror. And even if they do manage that, then people will just redistribute it offline once one guy has downloaded the content via his proxy / VPN. > The following code changes the default behaviour of ls from listing > files to turning your terminal into an unstoppable steam locomotive. > The only way to end it is closing the terminal, so use this with caution. erm, that's easily stopped: [ctrl]+z $ pkill -9 sl erm, yes. I suggest you try it before commenting next time. I have built my own distro before. But that's not the point of what I said. I was saying the Canonical didn't write the software in question and that said software could be installed on any distro. Which means it's a bit of a stretch to blame Canonical for enabling censorship in China. It's a bit like when people blame ISPs when customers use their services for piracy. The difficulty of setting up an ISP (or distro) is completely irrelevant in this discussion. Bash wont immediately launch another copy because the PID is still alive (even if it is stopped). I really hate the direction Nokia are heading in. > You've been busy! Looks like you've hit your 2 article limit. No, I clicked on page 3 of a 4 page article. That will be the last time I visit eetimes. > Another worry I have is the 'backwards compatibility'. It sounds good > but in the long run creates its own problems. I think Java and even > Python run into major problems with this. At this point in Go's life, it makes more sense to be backwards compatible as the last thing you want to do is turn your back on your small current developer base. As Go grows and people have started adapting to the changes, then you can start depreciating the old stuff. Is there any ETA on the release or is it just a case of "when it's finished"? I'm about to start a largish project in Go and I'm thinking I'd rather start in Go 1.1 rather than worry about upgrading and testing the project mid-development. Nobody is commenting because there isn't any integer madness. If the size of an integer is critical to the execution of your program, then you should be using int16 or one of the many other types that specify the number of (un)signed bits. The int type is designed to be platform specific to optimize on execution speed when the maximum size of the integer isn't an issue. http://golang.org/ref/spec#Numeric_types > How often do be people accidentally divide by a constant 0? As much as I do love the level of checking that Go's compiler does, I must admit I asked myself that same question when I read the article. It's the term "strongly" that concerns me as that's not really a guarantee. However I think I will take your advice and start development on it regardless (if I've written it correctly, then any breaking changes will be confined to their respective module so fixing them shouldn't be much of an ordeal). Thanks for the feedback :) There's arguments for and against both methods. Back when I first started programming, memory was a luxury (we're talking 80's personal computers here), so it made a great deal of difference. These days, however, choosing an integer type which most closely matches the values stored is largely an academic process which costs developer time (though obviously there are exceptions, times when it makes more sense to be mindful and times when it makes less sense). My point is this: the problem when talking about "best practices" is there's some approaches that actually doesn't make a huge deal of practical difference, so it's more subject to specific circumstances (eg developer time constraints) or even just personal preferences (eg the arguments between ()\n{\n\t and (){\ Anyhow, in answer to your other post, the int n and uint n types have been available in Go since day one. So (and in answer to your original post as well), this int issue you raise isn't an issue unless developers have written extremely bad code to begin with (ie written counters which they know will exceed a 32bit integer and not cared enough to write an error handler nor specifically use an int64 type). Go does do a lot more to protect the developer from shooting his own foot off (more so than C/C++), but if we're completely honest, if the developer is crap then no amount of hand-holding from language design will help. When choosing a language for a job, I'm often concerned about whether the source code is apathetically pleasing. After all, execution speed, portability, compile time, development time, usable toolkits and maintainability are all irrelevant if the source code isn't pretty enough to frame and hang on your living room wall. He knows this and arguing the semantics of 'article' is completely missing the point he was raising. Personally, I think it's silly to delete this thread, but I appreciated his warning that this [article / document / HTML page in a source code repository / whatever the hell you want to refer to this as] is only a draft document for a version of Go that's not yet been finalised. Sorry, but that's not the same as a program crashing to run because you've exceeded 64KB of RAM. Plus your program will spend a great deal of time off the cache anyway (thanks to the OS overhead and any multitasking taking place). I'm all for performance tuning and writing efficient code (like I said, I learn to program back in the 80s when every bit of data mattered and various tricks were used to work around the limited power of those systems), but let's be clear about one thing, memory these days is not " more of a luxury than ever ". The exact opposite is true. That is the funniest thing I've seen all week. One girl even posted a picture of her ID next to her debit card!! tab width can be any size you want, it's just many text rendering systems default to 8. Personally I prefer 4 chars. In my opinion it looks tidier when reading back source code. I do agree that there comes a point where you can get over zealous with indentation, but 3 levels deep is pretty common. In fact you idle at one level of indentation just with having your code inside a function. So basically all you need is one conditional inside a loop and you're already maxed out. Yeah, but I think that's only because there seems to be a mild bias for Go among the members on here. So any submissions with "Go" in the title get upvoted pretty quickly. Not that I'm complaining as I probably fall under the aforementioned bias (albeit I'm not as liberal with my voting). I'd be interested to know this as well. I can understand time constraints in compiling these kind of comparisons, but as I'm about to embark on a web project in Go, I'd be interested to know if there was any technical constraints that prevented benchmarking Go. Sorry, but as much as I'd love to contribute I'm still learning how to write database apps in Go myself (that's actually part of the reason I wanted to see your tests). So I'd be the wrong person to to write code for that particular test. I did already say that I'm also slightly biased ;) However the point of that post was to be a little more objective because constant fanboy posts aren't constructive. Plus there's plenty of communities like this place except which aren't so pro-Go, so you have to remember that HN's bias isn't representative of every community nor individual (let alone real life). Which was the other reason I wasn't my former post to sound impartial. I think that was implied. However you're right that the author should have made that a little more clear. I have a couple of name servers I've inherited since starting my job. How would I go about testing these servers to see if they're set up correctly (obviously I'm not interested in the forged UDP packets side of things, only testing to make sure that recursive look ups are disabled). Funny enough that SO link was the same one I got my misinformation from as the top answer pointed to CGI benchmarks. Thanks for the correction though, but that still doesn't answer my original question: how does Plack compare with mod_perl? > It is said, conveniently enough mostly by software engineers, that building software is perhaps the most complex activity humans have ever undertaken. Who says this? Because while I agree that some pieces of software are hugely complicated (writing a compiler, kernels, etc), I think it's massively overstating things to describe web development as the pinnacle of complexity. In fact I'd say it's a little insulting to doctors, physicists, engineers of equipment that get deployed into space, and so on. From what I've seen, the middle-aged men like yourself tend to end up as managers rather than "code monkeys". The pay is often higher and the demands of keeping up to date with technology is less critical. But that just my personal anecdotal evidence from the companies I've worked in. I think as long as you can code (you said you're not a natural, but I trust you're still at least average at it) and you have a desire to push yourself (which does come across), then there's no reason to stop coding. After all, who wants to conform to trends ;) My main bit of advice (and something which I'm sure doesn't need to be said), is make sure you have a back up plan in case your passion doesn't translate into a profession It's a nice overview. I could see myself referring to a document like this as a convenient checklist when beta testing projects just prior to go-live. If I was to find fault, it would be that the TL;DR section is a little redundant as in it's effort to be succinct (which the main body of the article achieves anyway), you end up dumbing the content down to a point where it's not actually expressing anything useful at all. But that's just my opinion and I may well have missed the point of the TL;DR. :) Good work though. I disagree with that advice as there's a whole plethora of people creating startups in the name of "entrepreneurship" who lose thousands. I think the golden rule for starting a business is "don't; unless your idea is really special". Too many people rush into business with half-baked ideas and a romanised vision of being their own boss, only to discover that their ideas were garbage to begin with. So I'd rather have a boss than start a business just for the sake of firing my boss. I think you're underselling the piece. There are a few interesting insights in there (not least of all his 3. Find and Exploit Loopholes piece). I'm not really sure what you expected though, as if it was that easy to get into the charts as an independent artist then everyone would be doing it. So what's the point? Notoriety and because he can? Same reasons many hackers do what they do. I'll concede that I wish he was doing it for the love of the music, but I don't think anyone who seriously loves music takes the charts seriously these days anyway (it's largely just recycled, generic and heavily watered down crap). This is quite a long read so I'm going to bookmark it for now. But as I'm quite a fan of KLF, I'm looking forward to having to time to read :) With regards to the 'musician' label, I whole heartedly agree with you. Having both learned to play the guitar and learned to produce digital music, I've found term 'musician' is often over used by producers (not that I'm trying to undermine the skill required to be an adept producer, it's just a different skill). Oh I'm a huge music fan. In fact I used to compose and produce music back in the 90s and 00s (and obviously listened to it long before that) and spent much of the last decade DJing in house and techno clubs (though not as a headliner, sadly). So I've been an observer of formulas used within music for quite some time :) In fact I used to deliberately play off contrasting formulas just to challenge peoples perceptions of what music they like or should expect from a specific genre. I'll be honest, sometimes with little success. But enough times I'd create something unique and engaging enough to make the failed attempts worthwhile. I wish I still had the time for all this, but it's really an all or nothing passion; you really need to dedicate your life to it otherwise you're never going to be happy with your output (particularly if you're hypercritical of your own work, like I am). Sadly my wife doesn't share the same passion, so it's hard to justify spending weeks locked in my modest home studio. So these days I just produce the odd novelty record for NYE house parties, friends weddings and such like. You're talking about entrepreneurs not hackers. While there's obviously room for overlap, this particular guy doesn't fall within the intersection between the two subsections of our social Venn diagram. Opera? Plus with their switch to Blink on the horizon, even the old complaints about rendering compatibility are soon to be moot. As a long time Opera user, I'm really looking forward to their switch. If Opera was non-free or pushed Opera owned services, then I would agree. But they don't. In fact, how does Opera generate income? That's always been the case. (Linux For any project to succeed, it's going to need some kind of funding. And often that means turning to big businesses, who have deeper pockets than all of us little people combined. I use GolangIDE[1] after getting fed up with Eclipse. It's really nice as it's a much lower memory footprint, yet basically does everything you need an IDE to do (ie edit code, debug, etc) [1] http://code.google.com/p/golangide/ You do realise that Sky offers a number of services that allow viewers to skip those adds entirely: fast forwarding in a a few different modes (live buffers or previously recorded shows like any conventional DVR) as well as advertless shows on Anytime? Barring the odd show that demands real-time viewing (eg sports matches) most people I know deliberately watch their shows 15/20 minutes later from the Sky+ DVR just fast forward adverts. However even without such features, many people just channel hop or walk out of the room to make a cup of tea / go to the toilet. Then to top all that off, most people have become desensitised to adverts on TV; we avoid making purchasing decisions based upon then and even learn to block adverts out entirely. The practical upshot of all this is adverts on TV have now become about as effective a marketing tool as ads on the internet. You're now talking specifically about SDL, where as I was commenting about your generalisation about Go as a language (which was the context of your previous comment). I'd already said Go lacks any kind of standard graphics library and never tried to argue otherwise. But the standard packages that are included with Go's SDK are cross platform. I can (and frequently do) write Go applications using just the standard libraries that I then run on different platforms (both in terms of OS and CPU architecture) without any code changes what-so-ever. Anyhow, even that being my point, I don't agree with it myself. Thinking properly about it, Go's base packages are little more equivalent to ANSI C than JRE; Go isn't managed and thus base packages are really just a set of standard libraries rather than a runtime environment. That's besides the point, it's about political spin. NK has a history singling out USA and SK for actions that sometimes aren't even related to that country at all. That's a really impressive achievement. It's mostly let down by the choice of music included (you wouldn't use a site like that to listen to songs, so really the tracks should have been house, techno or DnB to allow a little more "turntablism"). If Mixbolt's developer is reading this, another worthwhile addition would be keyboard hot keys (eg [Q][W][E] raises the levels of the low, mid and hi's respectively, [A][S][D] lowers those levels). So you can use the keyboard as a rudimentary MIDI controller (plus a single mouse isn't great when a lot of DJing requires both hands on the rotaries / faders). > Hey, i am the developer. Yeah the music is abit narrow in genre but good music is hard to come by, especially without hefty licensing fees. In time this problem will go away :) There's a lot of good free music out there. Music production forums where largely unknown artists give away their output and even whole communities dedicated to creative commons music. Some of the bigger names offer up tracks for free (Inigo Kennedy does, or at least used to). I would offer up my own tracks for you, but most of them are 32 beat loops that I used for live sets in Ableton and the rest are either incomplete, dreadful or backed up safely on a HDD that I've since lost (facepalm). > Yeah, definitely agree on the keyboard and midi controller. I am a solo developer of this project and i really wanted to get it out there so have not included alot of stuff i would like to! Again its all just a function of time! I can relate to that one entirely. It's a fantastic establishment even without the extra thrills I suggested. I hope my comments were only seen as a possible constructive idea rather than a criticism because I really don't want to undermine the great work you've already done there (your post doesn't read like I've offended you, but I just wanted to make that clear) It's a pity this submission didn't gain more traction. I totally agree with you. I think the OPs objections is that older games don't look grittier, but these days they don't because it's hard to look past just how bad the graphics are by todays standards. However back when they were released, Wolf3d and Doom had my heart racing and even made me jump -frequently- because picking up a red key opened a secret room filled with hell demon. Doom and Doom 2 were terrifying at times. Then you have games like Resident Evil, Silent Hill and even (albeit to a less extent) System Shock 2 which all predate the Xbox and were all pretty scary. As much as I hate to bring age into the debate, I think the OP is too young to remember or too young to buy such games. > Halo was a standout because of it brought multiplayer to console I must have imagined all those hours spent online with my Dreamcast :p > Halo (and really, Rare's FPS platform) brought the FPS niche from PC+keyboard+mouse to console and controller. This introduced casual gamers to the world of the hardcore competitive nature of Doom/Quake/Unreal Tournament, a multiplayer environment where winning meant shooting your friend in the face. You didn't have to maintain a massive gaming rig or be committed to computing in order to get into FPS now. All you needed was an xbox. Quake III was released on the Dreamcast. Duke Nukem 3D was released on the Saturn and Playstation. Doom was released on the Megadrive/Genesis. Halo wasn't the first FPS to be released on the console. Not by a long shot. Even before the Quakes you had Duke Nukem 3D, Wolfenstine, Doom I and II. Then you have the dozens of games that used Doom's engine (Hexen and Heretic being the big two that I remember, but there were others). In fact a quick scan on Wikipedia shows up dozens of FPS games that predate even Quake I: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_first-person_shooter_en... The reason why FPS might seem more popular now is likely just because graphics have advanced so much that it's hard for big game studios to justify releasing a 2D platformer. And you see this with all of the old third person 2D games that have been updated to 3D (Sonic Adventure and later games, Mario 64 / Super Mario Galaxies, Zelda, Final Fantasy, etc). That's just bad administration as even on Windows, you can easily disable them ( msconfig ). With Linux, this isn't even an issue unless you're blindly installing dozens of daemons (which, again, can easily be disabled) as Linux doesn't have hundreds of application launchers that install themselves like Windows does (again, daemons being the exception). The only example I can think of where you might run into problems is if your desktop environment is doing some weird sessions. But that's usually fixed pretty easily in the system settings for whatever desktop environment you're running. This is all pretty basic stuff; you shouldn't need a sandboxed environment to prevent applications from auto-launching unless you're going around installing malware (and if you are deliberately installing malware on your main bare-metal OS, then you're insane). That's one of the better rickrolling I've seen! One of my mates rickrolled me by post (aka snail mail) just days after I moved house. It took me 2 years to find out who was behind that. Unless they're blocking access to [insert your favourite terminal emulator] and deinstalling su , rm and unlink , then they are not removing any such ability. 100% both those comments. I used to be a huge ArchLinux fan but them switching away from their rc.conf model to systemd felt like a real kick in the teeth. It's not just relatively older, e-mail is one of the oldest technologies on the net (we're talking 1960s technology here!) Frankly, I wish it would die already as it's pretty much held together with ducttape: * it's all transmitted via ASCII; so any binary attachments have to be base64 encoded that increases their file sizes by ~30%; * transport encryption still isn't the norm (this is the 21st century, why the hell are we still sending stuff in clear text!?), * there's no standard error responses meaning it's often guess work whether mail has been received or not * there's no standard way of rendering HTML mail, so anyone sending mailshots has to revert back to a 1990's web developer mindset (ie assuming that everything doesn't render so resorting to HTML tables and hours of frustration). * it's not real time / real time daemons are not standardised. (I'm not saying we need something like instant messengers, but it seems silly that we have a small handful of proprietary push systems (eg Exchange) and the rest of us normal users have to instead rely upon re-syncs every 5 minutes (which means a fresh set of handshakes as well). A persistent connection would make much more sense for a 21st century e-mail network. There's been so many attempts to "fix" e-mail, but most have either missed the point (eg Google Wave) or just added yet more ducttape to the existing problem (eg pretty GUIs that change the way we interact with e-mail clients but without actually touching the core technology itself). I might actually write my own mail server and client one day because it's becoming obvious that most people are happy with " good enough " I don't think it would make that much difference to spam as most of it is sent from hijacked machines anyway and the legitimate stuff is heavily regulated so must have features like "unsubscribe". There definitely does need to be a better way of managing it though. But I'm yet to find a better way to manage spam (every method I do consider would either be ineffective or open to abuse to blacklist legitimate senders). But I guess that's the $million question. Ironically they used to be. I've not used Yahoo mail in 10 or 15 years, but back in the late 90s your Yahoo mail ID was the same identity for all of Yahoo's services. In fact quite a number of search engines modeled themselves in this (search, mail, online chat, etc - all using the same single sign on). Then Google came along and reminded those search engines that many users just want a plain and responsive search engine. And those portals closed. Lycos shut down their free hosting, Yahoo closed their chat sites, and so no. And now we have Google integrating chat, mail, and all manor of other things into their search engine. It's funny how trends come full circle. While that's true, you can equally say that the FA saw any objections as acts of aggression and in the cold light of day, the FA's had panicked for no reason. It's certainly quite believable that FA's would behave this way: their lives are at risk and they have the power to be "cautious" (read: chuck their aggressors off the plain). They also work long hours and tiredness doesn't help with anxiety. Plus there might even be a little of the Stanford Prison Experiment at play here (they have absolute control so are psychological motivated to enforce it). But even if you're right and those accounts are hugely biased, one question still remains: just how far are you allowed to push a complaint before you're considered a terrorist? Even in the worst case of scenarios, I couldn't see a father of 2 saying anything along the lines of "I'm going to blow this plane up" in front of his own kids when the whole reason for the disagreement was about wanting to shield them from a violent movie. So even with raised voices, why were they considered a threat. That's how all communities work though. As a community grows and attracts new members, the old guard moan about how it was better when they were noobs. In fact this is true for real -"offline"- life as well. Funny enough that question was answered in a rather public way just a few weeks ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5404642 (Researcher sets up illegal 420,000 node botnet for IPv4 Internet map) Given Disney made their fortune from reselling public domain stories then suing anyone who infringed on their IP, this story comes as no surprise. Though that doesn't stop me feeling wound up that they consider themselves above the law, and sorry for the injustice against the author. Hopelessness is a common feeling when someone from the working class is faces a fight against a multi-national company who can invest millions in legal fees. I really wish I couldn't say this literally, but I've been witness to that comic strip in real life. A few years ago I was asked to build a database in Excel which would import spreadsheets that clients submitted, accumilate all that data then spit out a whopping great big CSV file every month. And the most insulting thing of all was that I had to build this abomination using VBA macros so I could guarantee that the CSV output was clean enough to be exported into an Oracle RDBMS we also ran. I frequently raised the point that we should be running all of our databases on Oracle, but I was refused every time (I could write a whole essay on their dumb rational behind this, but that's another rant entirely). So off I set writing one of the most complicated Excel macros of my life (and wondering what I'd done in a past life to be lumbered with such moronic management). I wrote every piece of data cleansing I could imagine knowing full well that the spreadsheets our clients would be submitting are bound to have had their formatting messed around with (and trust me, I tried everything I could to lock that template spreadsheets down). Yet, and without fail, every month at least 10 spreadsheets would be rejected from my macro's import routine because the data was so garbled that it was beyond cleansing. Usually it was a simple job to fix the spreadsheets - or a simple phone call to the client where I verbally slapped them as much as I dared; vainly hoping that might serve as a warning to them that they shouldn't be cocking about with the layout of the template. Needless to say, it never had any affect. However this one time I was completely baffled. The spreadsheet look fine at first glance, yet my routine rejected it. Sure, I couldn't click inside any of the cells, but the spreadsheet was locked from editing so that was to expected......or was it? It turned out that the idiot who submitted that spreadsheet printed out their completed template, then scanned it in on a MFD (a scanner with bells and whistles). Then got that MFD to e-mail them a PDF of the printed page and now scanned page so that they could then embed that back into the fucking template. All I asked them to do was fill a couple of columns of data then e-mail me the spreadsheet as an attachment. But nothing is too simple when you're dealing with users who think they understand computers. We don't celebrate how empowering Excel is because it becomes a giant mess in almost no time at all. Then it's dumped on people like us to fix. Excel is a fantastic tool, no doubt. It's powerful, flexible and quick to knock up. But it scales abysmally. And that's through no fault of it's own because spreadsheets aren't meant to scale, they're meant to convey tabulated data. 1.0.3 was the last stable release. 1.1 is the next stable release. Not everyone feels confident running testing repos for production systems (even if they are reported to be stable) Before each test all WebSocketServer is reset and the Proxy re-initiated. Thor will hammer all the Proxy server with x amount of connection with a concurrency of 100. For each established connection one single UTF-8 message is send and received. After the message is received the connection is closed. source: https://github.com/observing/balancerbattle#benchmarking Thanks. Deleting this one now. Of course it is. If someone cost you time and money and severely harassed users of a service you're offering by illegally attacking your servers, then I bet you'd be all for reporting them as well. The problem with script kiddies is that they're too lazy to create anything of their own and thus cannot emphasis with how hard it is to set up and maintain a free public service. So they don't have any second thought about destroying other peoples hard work. Plus the pseudo-anonymity of being online and the ability to not look your victims in the eye make such crimes easy for even some of the more ethical kids to shrug off. The only way to have an open internet where everyone is free to create and contribute is to rat out those who seek to destroy it. People like the aforementioned might enjoy all the perks of an open internet, but their actions have the opposite effect. So I'm not only in favour of reporting abusers, but have actually reported attacks on my own servers to their respective ISPs. The issue is that Hetzner passed on personal information. It's a breach of trust. Because Hetzner is an award winning business who sells professional hosting solutions. You'd have a point if the company in question was some dodgy garage operation, but Hetzner isn't. If EFNet are going to report the issue then there has to be a trust worthy contact at some point along the chain of network ownership, and Hetzner should have been that point. Quite frankly, it's irresponsible for a company of that size to behave in that way. It's rare that I feel any particular emotion towards project names, but the name and description behind this one is inspired. They're not an ISP providing a dumb pipe. They're a hosting solution providing the servers that are generating the attacks. The attack is originating from them , not personal equipment relayed over their pipes. I've already been working on something very similar for my car as I was sick of taking my eyes off the road to change the music etc. I already have a working prototype, but there's still some work to be done before its good enough to publish. Monochrome icons have been trendy for a while now. It just so happens that flat design is also then 'in' thing and that monochrome icons are essentially flat. That's another common misconception as that advice is only true for brute force attacks, which are usually only the last resort for password crackers. Dictionary attacks are pretty sophisticated these days so I really wouldn't gamble on a short list of common words being secure these days. I did state so. You're still thinking in terms of brute force attacks but actually dictionary attacks are more common as they rattle off the 'low hanging fruit' much quicker. The danger of using common words like Randall did is that they might be in the dictionary so get cracked even before the attacker attempts to brute force the remainder of the passwords from a stolen database. In fact around half of the passwords people pick are vulnerable to such attacks (i'm on my phone though so can't easily cite a reference (I'm out of town this weekend) but it averages at either 40% or 60% of passwords use "guessable" / common terms) If Randall has thrown in some punctuation and numbers then he's reducing the odds of that password being cracked. But as the example stood, it's advertising complacency against the most common method of modern password cracking. Using your example, it's equally secure to an 8 character password using base64 characters. Recently a pen tester published[1] that he can crack a 9 char pass (w/o punctuation, so 62^9) password in 90 seconds by parallel processing across several top end graphics cards. So I really wouldn't argue that a 48bit password is secure any longer. [1] http://arstechnica.com/security/2012/08/passwords-under-assa... Modern dictionary attacks use common terms that have been generated from analyzing the passwords that have been stolen from past attacks. So the dictionary isn't just a list of English words but in fact a catalog of terms that people do use for passwords in real life. This makes them much more effective than dictionary attacks off old. I never said Randall calculated the entropy per character (please don't create arguments I didn't raise) and the reason I said adding punctuation might help is because it reduces the odds of the word being in the dictionary (if you're using terms not in a dictionary, then that dictionary attack will fail. Period). However even with adding punctuation theres still a chance the term is common enough to be included in a dictionary, so completely random passwords, while harder to remember, will be more secure. I cited a link in another fork of this comment where a pen tester comments about the words included in modern dictionary attacks. You keep thinking of dictionary attacks as being based on a verbatim English dictionary and I keep telling you that they're not. It's a refined dictionary with common terms used in real life passwords. However I do completely agree with your point about adding a number of more words. Passphrases are definitely another option, proving the service in question doesn't impose a restrictive maximum character limit (it's idiotic practice, but some do) You don't need the word combinations. Dictionary attackswwill do that part for you (a bit like a brute force, but by cycling words instead of characters) You're really not getting my point. You don't store a trillion phrases nor a literal dictionary. You store a table of commonly used words and build phrases from that. And it does pick off low hanging fruit. Often as many as 60% of passwords from an average dataset in fact. I suggest you have a read of http://arstechnica.com/security/2012/08/passwords-under-assa... as it puts its better than I every will when on a phone and nursing a hangover. :-) Calm the hell down mate. The facts are this: 1. Dictionary attacks are generally used before brute force attacks 2. Random passwords can't be cracked via dictionary attacks This is why I will always prefer random passwords. However I was never disputing that passphrases aren't secure either (in fact I actually said they are), just that I've seen people misinterprete that comic to mean that grouping a couple of obvious words together is more secure than random chars. My point was to illustrate how much more complicated password security is. And this argument where you've gone round in circles trying to argue your silly points actually emphasises that. (And I say 'silly' because half the time you're kicking off over comments that you've misunderstood / misinterpreted). I got the point of the cartoon and I never argued that Randalls figures were wrong. I just think it's bad advice to give none technical people to say common words are secure because there's a risk that they won't use a sufficiently long (read: number of words) password. At the end of the day, the whole password model is broken, and Randall summed that part up succinctly. While that is true, pen testers are still rattling off ~60% of passwords from dictionary attacks in just 3 weeks. This is why I would rather see emphasis placed on password length and irregularity than simply saying "memorable words can be secure", which is what most people will take away from that comic. So I was never arguing against passphrases per se. Though I appreciate I want very clear on that. (Like I said before, hangover + phone surfing != best platform for a complex discussion. :-) So basically the first part of that argument is tryingto rebuttal an argument I never made (I had already said that passphrases -so long as they are that and not just 2 concatenated words) are secure). And you're last part of that is also agreeing with me. Internet arguments are fucking dumb. Half the time it's just miscommunication lol > Yes. Pen testers are rattling off the ~60% of passwords that were chosen poorly, all of which were chosen by methods other than the one detailed in the comic. But the crux of my point is that the comic doesn't necessarily teach good password habits. I do happen to work in infosec† and I've lost count of the number of pseudo-techies that rattle off that comic as evidence that obvious passwords can be secure without taking into account that they need to do more than just concatenating two words together. You keep taking about ideal world scenarios (people picking passphrases and sites having sufficient max char limit on password fields to fit any conceivable passphrase), but people are idiots. So I'd sooner see idiots type a 10 char password from a pool of ~70 characters than two guessable words concatenated. So my point was born out of frustration of having to advise and apply security policies for clients. † I'm not just saying that to sound like an authority on the subject by the way. I know how some people "name drop" / lie about such things to prove a point :) > I'm coming to the realization (giving you some credit) that your objection may be to a specific piece of the comic's particular presentation: "random" is often used to mean "arbitrary" and people might think they can do it in their head? YES!!!! You and I might understand the maths behind the comic, but many readers just see "words can be secure" and then just pick their dogs name and their favorite footballer. Randal's message gets lost because (and as with all of his comic) he assumes a certain level of intelligence to begin with. > Regarding the last, I don't think we were ever arguing about passphrases in general, but about a particular way of generating them... passphrase really just means "long password", more or less, and that doesn't provide a lot of guidance as to how to come up with one, and leaving people to their own devices is how we wind up with ~60% of passwords being horribly crackable. I think that's fair to say. Plus as I said before, I'm all in favor of passphrases. I just don't like regular words used as passwords. I know passphrases and passwords generally refer to the same thing, but I make the distinction because the former (passphrase) suggests multiple words, which agrees with your sentiments about how longer groups of common words can be secure and why I keep saying I'm fulling in favor of passphrases. Where as the latter (passwords) suggests something a little more basic (eg the dogfootball facepalm I described above). At least that's how I make the distinction between a password following Randal's advice that's secure, and one that's insecure. We're going round in circles here because you keep pushing the same argument that was never even disputed and not listening to anything I've had to say on the matter. So I think it's you who deserve the facepalm. I WAS HUNGOVER AND TYPING ON A TOUCH SCREEN PHONE WHILE TRYING NOT TO THROW UP ON A MOVING BUS. Of course I was going to explain myself badly, I did after all appolagise for the confusion and tried to explain myself better but you've been too fucking stubborn to even care about what my point actually was. I really don't know who many fucking times I need to say this before the penny finally drops for you. Or maybe you just prefer acting like a dick online? Perhaps you're the troll? > The problem I have with straight jacket languages, I have to think long and hard about how to do something that the type system doesn't allow easily Can you give an example please because I'm struggling to think of one aside working with dates and time but those can be a pain on loosely typed languages as well (Perl, I'm looking at you). Even there, I rarely run into problems that can't be easily worked around with structures and what not. The exception I come across is when pulling values from a database when I don't know the format they're stored in at the table level, but then that's pretty bad coding practice anyway I will concede that you've probably written more sophisticated routines than I so it may just be a case that I've not ran into problems because I've not needed to run into problems (if that makes any sense). But that's just poor coding practices as you're letting any old garbage in as data without first validating it (and that's assuming such data was user generated. If the garbage was generated within your code itself then you have even bigger problems). Don't get me wrong, I'm not against loosely typed languages (eg in Perl it's very handy being able to use strings and integers as booleans), but that example you've given would scare me in any language as you shouldn't be making any assumptions about data unless the program generated that data itself (and even then, I'd still run a few checks if just to catch unconsidered exceptions / security vulnerabilities) Did it generate more traffic, or were those extra hits just users tapping "refresh" because of page timeouts when trying to grab the larger sized site on a crappy 3G connection? (joke) Companies like Netflix are stuck between a rock and a hard place. They'd sooner do away with DRM as it adds significant cost and complexity yet only serves to inconvenience their users. However they're forced into using DRM by the content owners who argue that such measure are required to protect their content. This is why their position on DRM is often left unspoken, they can't publicly discredit because they need the studios on their side. But equally it's hard to address the criticisms if they also agree with such criticisms. So it's easier to just avoid being drawn into the argument to begin with. > You keep mentioning xkcd; Actually you're thinking of the other guy. I deliberately tried to distance myself from that comic after it became clear that me initial point was completely misunderstood as an attack against Randal / that comic specifically. My point was about how people misinterpret that comic, and ironically everyone (including yourself) misinterpreted my post about that comic. Quite frankly, I wish I never bothered to begin with. > but that comic was not (even if other people are using it as an example) suggesting that people use just two words strung together. It specifically uses 4 words, and specifically gives the number in the list of words to chose from. It gives both of those numbers so the strength and weakness can be shown. That was understood right from the start. > This means "premium" video is going to be fragmented. Big companies like Apple, Samsung, Microsoft will get it, open source operating systems and DIY devices will not. People said the same about DVD and bluray DRM, yet they've been cracked and open source drivers distributed. Though it's sad that it ever had to come to that. > cracked and work's out of the box are two different things... practically and legally. libdvdcss works out of the box and is completely legal in Europe. It's the Americans that stand to lose more by imposing DRM extensions on the internet. At least if they're part of HTML, the technology can be reverse engineered and made cross-platform. With the current mess we're stuck with having to run Silverlight DRM extensions in WINE. So as much as I hate DRM, I'd sooner see it part of an open and cross platform spec than have content locked to specific software that only runs on specific platforms. It's hard to find good Perl developers and even harder to run multi-language libraries for the same online portal (ie same site, domain, database, hosting environment: hardware, OSs....and so on). You're missing my point, PHP developers that know how to build websites are available ten to the dozen. But Perl most of the Perl developers we've tried to recruit over the last 18 months are either completely clueless at writing RESTful APIs or just terrible developers (sometimes even both). We've had far more success at hiring good PHP developers and teaching them Perl then we have had at finding the Perl developers that can write web technologies. But this might just be a facet of our location (a suburb that's more than an hour away from any city), so all the developers of "niche" languages (such as Perl has sadly become) tend to get drawn to the city and higher wages. Where as those who are still good developers but not as money driven tend to pick the more popular languages because they'll pick the work in the area they want to work. (that's probably an unfair generalization statement, but it's true for the local area where I live). With regards to the switch statement, I've read on stackoverflow[1] that function tables actually outperform switch statements when there's several cases. So I tend to avoid switches for performance critical routines. It will be interesting to see how 1.1 performs in relation to this. [1] http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9928221/table-of-function... I think the Go compiler handles switches a little more like a series of "if else" (In fact I think a few languages do that) but Go supports first class functions, you can map things somewhat differently using that. Ken Thompson does go into more detail in a link off the SO question I posted earlier. [edit: i see you've already spotted that link. Sorry about that] I'm surprised that even ran. I've had issues in the past where go build refused to compile because it detected the potential for a recursive function call (this was in a table of functions where one func referenced another, so there wasn't any practical risk of getting locked in a loop even though the compiler detected a theoretical risk). I'd probably rank that compile time 'error' as one of the most annoying I've seen to date because the code was actually fine, it was just the compiler pre-empting a non-existent risk. So I had to rewrite a chunk of code just for the sake of over-eager error catching (this is also why I wish go build would just warn about one or two trivial issues instead of flat out fail) Back then Microsoft was working for IBM, so it's not that surprising that IBM ended up with the copyrights for QBASIC. What's more surprising is that IBM didn't end up buying the whole of DOS outright (but that's another topic entirely). Also, I seem to recall reading (or seeing a video interview) where Bill Gates said QBASIC was his last ever coding job. The original QBASIC binary doesn't even run on Windows any more. It requires DOSBox emulation to run. He's already using SDL. Plus, QBASIC64 isn't a DOS environment. In fact, when you look at the specs for QBASIC64 then it's a little less impressive than first made out. It also makes me wander why he didn't just learn VB anyway (as the libraries in QBASIC64 would have required additional learning anyway). Even VB classic would have made more sense. Anyhow, this at least reminds the language elitists that a language is only as powerful as the developer who's wielding it. Nearly every programming language follows those same indentation rules. And it's pretty common for languages not to have line termination characters too. What you're describing is pretty normal rather than a delightful coincidence. I think he's being quite fair as he's acknowledged the hard work behind this game (any modern game written in any language is impressive work), he's just saying that this project is getting a lot of media attention because it's advertised as using certain tools which it actually isn't. If I'm honest, I feel the same way as the aforementioned poster. Writing any modern game in QBasic is akin to A-Team style engineering (building a rocket launcher out of an old shoe and some duct-tape). QB64, however, is basically just like any other modern scripting language. The former would require massive hacking and "outside the box" thinking to build even the basics of the game engine; where as the latter is just Python written in the syntax of BASIC. That all said, I can't blame him for misleading people a little (whether that's intentional or just dumb journalists not understanding the distinction between QBasic and QB64) as making a project visible can be as hard as the actual development process. So at least he's hard work will see some reward. Plus he's offered to release the source because of public interest - which is quite honorable. Sorry to nitpick, but "QBasic" is an IDE (Just like QuickBASIC, which incidentally is the predecessor of QBasic). The language is just called "BASIC". Also you're not compiling anything. It's all interpreted at run time (which is why performance is dog slow). > Seems like it's a journo looking for a story rather than someone who really cares about the subject matter. Welcome to the world journalism. It's full of people who either aren't technical enough to work in the field they're reporting on, don't care that much about such industries (they're reporting on it for the love of journalism/writing), or have to dumb stuff down so much to appeal to a wider audience that the article loses accuracy / objectivity. I hadn't realised there was a non-free version of QBasic. Also, I went to download QB64 and compile a very basic app then opened that inside a hex editor to see if the it was just a standalone exe interpreter with the .bas attached as a resource (a bit like how self extracting zip files work) and appears that QB64 does genuinely compile the code. So I stand corrected on both the old and new instances of QBasic. There is some strange stuff inside the QB64 generated exe though. References to automation.whatismyip.com (stranger still, that sub-domain isn't DNSed). QB64 is definitely a Window app that's written to look like it's running in DOS though. There's even a character map compiled into the exe so that the fonts look native to DOS. It also looked quite fun, so I can see the appeal of using QB64 for personal projects. The compiled point was wrong, I'd already conceded that. But that doesn't mean I have no idea what what you're doing. I just wrongly assumed that the QB64 devs would just embed the .bas inside the PE as a resource file rather than going to the trouble of writing a compiler. Honestly, I'm impressed they bothered given the niche appeal of the IDE and number of other BASIC compilers on the market (FreeBASIC, PureBASIC, PowerBASIC, VisualBasic, etc) - some of which so closely resemble QB64 that I had to disassemble the compiled binary just to make sure there wasn't some plagiarism involved. I know why it's using it. My point was firstly that it's odd (though not unforgivable) that the compiler links to those procedures even though my source .bas wasn't calling any networking APIs; and secondly that the sub-domain doesn't even exist for the DNS lookup to work: $ whois automation.whatismyip.com | head Whois Server Version 2.0 Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net for detailed information. No match for "AUTOMATION.WHATISMYIP.COM". >>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 17 Apr 2013 10:58:41 UTC I even disassembled the binary so I could see the full HTTP header just in case the domain name was a red-herring. I know exactly what you mean. I used to love Pascal back in the 90s so installed Lazarus a few months ago with the intention of writing a few Qt apps. I think I spent 10 minutes in there at the time, thought "this is fun", and have never touched it again since. Thanks for the YAPC link. We're UK based though, so quite a way away from Texas. :( We do online games (amongst other things). Though I don't want to go into too many details as I try to keep a degree of anonymity online. Yes I know this (and it's not just compilers for niche languages that does this either). But again, that wasn't my point. My point was this: 1. it's statically compiling in libraries for APIs that aren't even being used (again, I know this is pretty common as well - it was more said as a side issue since I was already on the topic of it's runtime). But most importantly: 2. because automation.whatismyip.com DOES NOT EXIST . The API is broken because it calls a non-existent sub-domain name. The sub-domain has no DNS record. It does not ping nor curl because it's completely imaginary....and so on. (sorry for the flippancy of the post, but this is now the 3rd time I'm having to reiterate myself so I just want to be clear that everyone understands my point) Honestly, I've never heard of automation.whatismyip.com until today. But after Googling around a but, it looks like they've only taken that domain offline two or three months ago. So I guess the QB64 devs haven't been made aware yet (or haven't had time to update their WAN IP library yet). > Me too, I was really scared. Now I know is Google's problem I am breading again. I hate it when Google get in the way of my sandwich making ;-) Last month I had the pleasure I of seeing a Dekatron[1] in action (for those that don't know, a dekatron is a decimal based computer, rather than binary). The machine in question is the oldest working computer in the world (older machines like the Colossus are actually reconstructions) and uses relays rather than valves. It was a true sight to see in action as the relays spin round with a hypnotic orange glow[2] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harwell_computer [2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVgc8ksstyg (the video doesn't really do it justice) Yeah I'm familiar with what QBasic is and many of the other BASIC dialects that preceded it (I'm old :P). I'd agree that it's a language variant / dialect. My issues is when people talk about QBasic as if it was it's own single entity. But then I guess where do you draw the line? eg by my same logic, C++ just a variant of C, yet it's clearly sane to describe them separately. So perhaps I was being overly picky. As a side note, QBasic does support line numbers - albeit for legacy reasons and not recommended syntax. And some dialects of BASIC did support functions - though the syntax was awkward so I usually just used GOSUB / RETURN when I needed procedures with no return values. Ah yes. I'm getting myself in a muddle as WITCH was/is a relay-based dekatron computer. (how that all hangs together is beyond me. But it looked immense). > The confusion here stems from the fact that the term QBasic is ambiguous. On the one hand, it refers to the IDE and interpreter included with later releases of MS-DOS. On the other, it refers to the language accepted by that interpreter. Since QB64 is specifically designed to accept that same language (FreeBasic has a mode for this as well), I don't think it's unreasonable to consider QB64 a QBasic compiler. Would you find it similarly unjust if someone claimed to write a game in Python but they really wrote it in PyPy? But the BASIC dialect that QB64 compiles is more than just QBasic in much the same way that QBasic was an advance on QuickBasic/BASIC. I'm not familiar with PyPy (from a developers perspective) so I can't comment on that comparison. > QB64 is not a scripting language. I didn't say it was. What I said was that it's LIKE a scripting language. And the context of that (which you've kindly cropped out thus distorting the point I was making) was in terms of the way how the language is extended via additional libraries (eg Perl libraries can be Perl modules or bootstrapped from C++ - and QB64 libraries have that same 'feel' to them) and the nature of the language (it compiles to byte code rather than machine code†, the relatively limited scope of the language without the C++ libraries and it's performance, etc). † It's also mentioning here that most scripting languages compile these days too, it's just that few offer a standalone ELF / PE with the runtime included (there's a limited need for the latter unless it's a niche language). Just to be clear, saying something is LIKE something else is a comparison, it's not the same as saying something IS something else. And the very nature of comparisons is that there will be elements of the comparison which are not equivalent (which is why comparisons rarely work in arguments as the opponents will focus in the differences rather than the similarities) > It compiles the QBasic language (with a few extensions) to C++ and passes it on to gcc. It seems like you're making a lot of assumptions about QB64 when you could instead be looking for facts. I've played around in QB64, compiled and decompiled binaries in it and browsed it's source. Where else would you suggest I "be looking for facts"? They let everyone play with the stepping control :) (myself included) It's a great museum because of how massively hands on it is. I can't think of many other places that have that high percentage of exhibits which are there for kids (and adults) to play on. I like Daft Punk - even back before they were big - but I really don't get the analogy in that article. To me it reads like the author has arbitrary connected two unrelated things that he likes just so he can justify liking them both. I used to write bots for Yahoo's (and a few others) chat rooms back in the mid 90s. Nothing malicious, I was just a bored teenager so we're talking pretty dumb stuff like spamming naughty words in public chat rooms, etc. Anyhow, my point was this: the bots I wrote did just what you described, I used Win32 APIs to control the chat clients. As you said, it took only a few seconds to bang out the code and the bot could work on against multiple different chat clients with very little additional work. The only time I've every bothered to write my own chat protocol client was for IRC in the late 90s (at which point I'd left college, was working full time so had turned my programming skills to good) and the only reason I bothered to write my own IRC client was because I was utterly fed up with the quality of Windows clients. Back in the old days, Win32 APIs were so insecure that you could have all sorts of fun with them. I'm not sure how things stand these days though; my development these days are almost exclusively Linux and UNIX based. > QB64 appears to compile to various platforms, while VB does not. VB.NET does compile to other platforms via the Mono framework. In fact Mono is actually available for more platforms than QB64 is. Classic VB is Windows only AFAIK though I've had a 100% success rate with VB under WINE. But suggesting VB6 was pretty dumb on my part anyway; aside scripting variants (eg VBA), it's a pretty much a dead language. > Also, VB is pretty GUI and event-centric. QBasic is a pretty good local maximum of being quite expressive while still being a strictly procedural language. VB.NET supports procedural CLI apps. But if you could equally write an OpenGL / DirectX game procedurally if you wanted (events are there to be used, but you don't have to create event handlers). However I don't really see the point in wanting to avoid using events; he's using a mouse, so it makes sense to have a mouse click event. The code would be a lot cleaner and the interface more responsive than having a looped procedure checking for mouse button states (believe me, I've had to do both - and the one thing I don't miss from writing DOS GUIs in Pascal was having to create a psudo-event wrapper to handle input devices). The title is a little misleading as the author is talking about HTTP vs HTTPS rather than the HTTP auth specification vs oauth (et al). Essentially his whole blog post could be reduced to this: servers shouldn't open port 80 on auth API sub-domains. While he does have a point, I do think part of the blame lies with the client side as well. If you're dumb enough to transmit user details over clear text protocols then you really shouldn't be allowed near any sub-systems which require authentication. Basically what the domain name suggests; free cam girls. The idea is simple: you can watch girls on cam for free. But to talk to them you have to buy tokens, you tip girls you like and so on. So it's essentially modeled a bit like a strip club but on a much grander scale. Yes and no. In the real world, then certainly; but My Free Cams does deliver that concept in a newer and better way than anything I've seen online previously. However I should remind you that I wasn't the one who claimed that MFC were original. You should do because it's great: * No queues at the bar * lots of unique characters - many of whole will still be sober enough to pass their worldly insight onto you * public transport will still be running by the time you stumble out of the pub again. Sorry, I know I'm drifting massively off topic now, but why on earth would any company adopt such a policy? It's not even as if CSS files can carry executable code (sure, they can reference such content, but then block that stuff instead of the style sheets themselves). Google Talk uses an open protocol, XMPP. So basically any client that support XMPP should (hopefully) work with Google Talk. This means you wouldn't have to migrate your friends / family over to a new client but you can still expunge Google's IM client specifically. It doesn't come across in Huffington's article, but the engineer of this has an amusing flippancy about his creation: "It wasn't built to be efficient and fast. It was built to look cool and insect-like and fun. "But legs are very inefficient - the wheel was invented for a reason," source: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-22231365 Regardless of whether it has any practical applications, it's certainly one of the most awesome hobby projects I've ever seen. Reiser4 is in a weird place after the conviction of Hans. I'm not sure I'd want to trust a production system on it. And I've been less than impressed with BtrFS on the test systems I've ran it on (though I'm aware there's others who swear by it - I'm only talking about my experiences). ZFS is a fantastic file system, but I can't help wondering if part of the issue is the fact that the benchmarking was conducted on a virtual machine. ZFS is better suited for raw disks than virtual devices (again, just my anacdotal evidence. I've never ran benchmarks myself). That has no impact on security. If an attacker can read your cookies then it didn't matter if you're sessions are called PHPSESSID or WETTROUT, they're still readable. Fail2ban monitors more than just ssh. I uses it against http auth, suspicious http bots, and all sorts (I even have fail2ban watching irc connections on one box) Use ssh keys instead then :-) > Keys are additional credentials, so they don't add any security by themselves. You have remove a password from an account (set unusable password). Keys add security if you turn off password based logins (this is done in sshd_config - you don't need to mess about with the users passwd) > However, there are rare cases where you need to access the server from some remote location, when you don't have your SSH private key at hand, and the only credentials you can use, are the those you keep in your head. > Obviously, the most important requirement is a strong password, but protecting against brute-force won't hurt. You're point about not having private keys to hand is a very valid one; and why I opt for fail2ban ssh rules against password logins on my own personal servers. But the strength of keys compared to passwords does make key based authentication a good measure against brute force attacks (purely in terms of the time line to to crack a key) Which again, doesn't add any additional security. While you're true, it's only takes 5 seconds to change the config. Plus some security certifications (eg PCI) check those signatures during their automated scans. My problem is when people think hiding their signatures makes their systems more secure rather than equally secure but with less garbage broadcast You've clearly never heard of Edge[1]. Adobe are now putting great strides in providing HTML5 tools. That said, I personally would still avoid Edge just because of Adobe's past record. It might seem petty, but I've lost faith in the company so there's little incentive to pay to join their HTML5 services. [1] http://html.adobe.com/edge/?promoid=KAGMS That would be fine if we were talking about some small hidden product, but Edge has been well covered on HN and it's included with Adobe's Creative Cloud - which has also been well advertised. Plus at some level you have to expect people working in the industry to take responsibility for their own research (assuming he does work in IT, rather than being one of those "arm chair critics" that lesser forums are often plagued with). Jobs, Gates and so on are all referred by their surname in formal writing. Take this example from an American new site: "Mr. Jobs will become chairman, a position that did not exist before. Apple named Tim Cook, its chief operating officer, to succeed Mr. Jobs as chief executive." [1] Some of the less formal publications, such as Wikipedia[2], might drop the title (and as I had also done above), but it's generally considered improper to use first names in reporting. [1] http://www-nc.nytimes.com/2011/08/25/technology/jobs-steppin... ; [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Swartz That depends on whether it's a personal handle or a public alias. eg an IRC nick on a private channel would be no different to their first name or a real life nickname amongst their friends. However a public handle like dmr (in the case of Dennis Richie ) is -in my opinion at least- little different to how recording artists and actors often choose a pseudonym (eg David Robert Jones uses the stage name David Bowie ) I think the theory behind this is a great deal more interesting than that video lets on. The idea started out as simple C programs piping characters to a UNIX audio device. But it's grown since then, now there's a web page that lets you create audio with Javascript expressions[1] (one of my favorite tracks from this scene was generated that way[2]). There's some good blog posts about the origins of this[3], and music theory behind it[4]; both of which will go into more detail than I'd care to for a HN comment[3]. [1] http://wurstcaptures.untergrund.net/music/ [2] http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v... (5m 13s) [3] http://countercomplex.blogspot.co.uk/2011/10/algorithmic-sym... [4] http://countercomplex.blogspot.co.uk/2011/10/some-deep-analy... From what I've read, there's "Active Oberon", which I think compiles to .NET bytecode (I might be having a blond moment, but it wasn't clear from their site what the relationship between Active Oberon and .NET was). http://www.ethoberon.ethz.ch/oberon.net/ [edit] oops, that project has been dead for 10 years as well. Sorry about that What you're advocating is bordering dangerously into the realm of "security through obscurity" - a very bad principle to base any kind of security on. While the former member might not be a high profile target for the moment (and let's assume that he isn't for the sake of devils advocate), who's to say that next week a story hits the news about his wife or children or even a company he's affiliated with and then reporters decide to start poking about on forums and social media for cheap information to write sensationalist reports on? Or that hackers use that news as an excuse to target the poor guy? Or even who's to say that next month he annoys someone on HN who decides to play some pranks? While you are right that that security is a full time job, you should never advocate the numbers game because as remote as the odds might be, people do win the lottery. What you're discussing is how valuable is the data. eg if your mum lost her blog (and kudos to her being tech-savvy enough to run one - my mum certainly isn't!), it would be frustrating, but not really a big problem. She'd just just restore from a back up, change the passwords then back to business as usual. But then you're comparing it against examples where there's confidential information (eg user passwords) which, if stolen, is a massive problem. I'm assuming from the OPs tone, that his box sits somewhere between the two extremes. However the very fact that he's got an SSH account on it makes the box a much more favorable target than the millions of free blogs on shared hosting services - so even if his box doesn't contain 3rd party passwords and/or credit card information, and even if he can easily restore the box from a back up, he still has the problem that a break in could see his box used to send spam and what not. Many hosting providers will just kill your subscription if that happens. So while you're right that there's a balance between security and usability, security most definitely comes first if you're administrating your own VPS / dedicated hardware. > I don't believe that is what I am saying. I'm saying you are less of a target if you are "nobody" than "somebody". But that's exactly what security through obscurity is! > Would you agree that it is proper to have more security in place at an event like the Boston Marathon or a major league baseball game or when the prime minister visits then the dance recital at the local school? If you must use that crude analogy then please remember than In the UK we've had terrorists blow up random buses and trains (7/11) and attack town centres on otherwise uneventful days (IRA). In America there has been frequent shootings at schools without the need for high profile dignitaries visiting. So your own example proves my point that being a seemingly low profile target doesn't mean that you're safe from attack. LEDs would be much better suited for this. In fact if I had the free time then I'd build a binary display for page hits using a series of LEDs on a Raspberry Pi (sadly I have a million other projects going on at the moment - such as finishing my website so I can get hits to begin with hehehe) It's easily done in Linux and UNIX via sshfs (it's what I use in the same situation as yourself): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SSHFS That's less of an issue for Go as aside interface{}, fundamental types can't be nil. Plus the instance we're talking about here is with named returns, so the variables are already initialised. From a personal perspective, I find having to include "return" a pain as there's times when it's completely unnecessary. eg in switch statements or if else where each condition has it's own return. While it's an easy fix for if else (just drop the else / default case), it makes the code look a little less pretty in my opinion. Why do people insist that services which exist purely for quick searching of information have to be design-orientated and pretty? I hear the same arguments about developer sites (eg PHP manual) but frankly I prefer layouts with an emphasis on conveying content rather than watering down that content behind a wall of epic sized fonts, fading effects and huge scrollable areas. There's a time and place for each design choice, but government sites aren't there to look pretty, they're there for reference. And while it's entirely possible to have a such a layout that isn't ugly, in this instance I think the site has gone the other way (form over function) - so I'd sooner see be faced with an ugly site. NB this is coming from a dyslexic who equally hates being presented with walls of text. Totally. One of my pet peeves is people who insist that "good design" has to have an emphasis on being pretty. Design is as much about function as it is form, and in the case of government sites, having easy navigation, accessibility and relevant content is far far more important than being pretty. Sadly, most UK government sites are both ugly and horrible to navigate. Or at least that was the trend until recently, thankfully it seems some of those organisations are starting to re-fit their site. You'd have to be pretty shallow to think that aesthetics are the be-all and end-all of improving peoples lives (and particularly in the case of government websites where they're just a tool; people just use them as a means to an end). Usability should be the most important factor of a government website. If it can be pretty and usable, then that's a bonus. Recreational sites with reference tools. If we were talking about sites like Twitter, then aesthetics are obviously very important. However for productivity tools such as government websites, then usability is far more important as you're not after casual surfers and trying to generate more traffic from them, you're literally just trying to get people to the information they want in the most direct and painless way possible. This was why I switched to using the terms "aesthetics" and "usability" to make the distinction between the different interpretations of "design" (In fact in the very post you replied to, I hadn't used the term "design" once). Since The other guy counter-argued using those same terms so I can only assume that our opinions differ. > Government sites are no different from any other kind of site I beg to differ. I think government sites (as well as other reference material like programming manuals) are about getting visitors to their requested information as quickly and painlessly as possible. The user experience isn't from browsing the site, it's purely on whether the visitor found the piece of information or not. Where as recreational sites are about keeping visitors on the page for longer. ie encouraging them to browse around on related pages and re-visit the site again - preferably frequently. For that to work, having a prettier site is of more importance (note that I'm not saying more important than usability, just that aesthetics is of more importance on those types of sites than on reference sites). It's like sports cars vs delivery trucks. The former needs to be prettier as it's a luxury item and few people would buy an ugly luxury item. So sometimes you'll see the design dictated a little by aesthetics (eg the way the doors open). The latter is bought to serve a specific purpose, so if it's not functional then people wouldn't buy it. This means that delivery trucks generally aren't as aesthetically pleasing but they don't need to be. To expand on my example, when you described how form and function work beautifully together is a little like Eddie Stobart trucks, they've laid the function down first and then worked out how to make it feel a great deal more special by emphasising the functional attributes of the truck. And as much as I agree with you that examples like that in web design is fantastic, it's a very hard thing to judge. Sadly most people don't pull it off. Interesting point. I hadn't considered that kind of psychological effect but it does seem plausible given the perverse subconscious crap that people perceive (wine tasters listing off red wine flavors when tasting red-died white wine, miracle healing properties of placebo drugs, etc) > I don't consider the Go size pretty small. Mojolicious[1], Dancer[2] and Kelp[3] have set the bar for small code size for me. You've basically just listed Perl 3 times though. Particularly when the guts of the code in all 3 of those examples was Perl's standard database interface (the same DBI you'd use for CGI Perl or even standalone .pl scripts). I do love Perl for the flexibility of it's syntax and how concise the code can be. But for me the performance of Go won out. And while mod_perl* does make great gains in performance, it also makes the code a lot less portable (unlike Go). So I found myself porting my performance critical webapps over to Go * I've not tried Mojolicious, Dancer nor Kelp so I couldn't comment on how they compare for performance. > Also, Go is statically typed = win Actually I find Perl's type system to make the most sense for web work: 1) Any zero length string or 0 valued int is classed as false, which is handy when checking the returns from query strings et al. 2) You can use eq for string comparison or == for numeric checking, which means which is handy has you can read values from a query string and then compare it against an int without having to do type conversion. Don't get me wrong, I don't have anything against statically typed languages - in fact I normally prefer them. But the way Perl does type checking I find reduces the number of type problems when dealing with web development. That all said, I much prefer working with structured types in Go than in Perl. There's two main mysql drivers for Go mymysql and go-mysql-driver. I've found the concurrency performance of the former to be abysmal when doing my benchmarking. Then the moment I switched to the latter, Go's performance went through the roof. How? Couldn't you even drop to another TTY and kill the process? > The benchmark page clearly tags which implementations use raw SQL access and which use an ORM. These all happen to be using raw SQL. To my knowledge, none of them have a pre-bundled ORM, and I'm not sure whether the ORM tested implementations are only supposed to indicate the pre-shipped ORM. You miss my point. All of those examples you gave used the same core database framework and as the test was primarily a database performance test, all those 3 examples were essentially the same core Perl code. Whether it's ORM or raw SQL is completely besides the point (though since we're on the topic, Perl's DBI basically works the same as Go's - or rather that should be the other way around given their age). >I wasn't trying to imply they competed on that metric Again, you missed my point. I wasn't suggestion that you were comparing the performance of the two. I was commenting on why I switched away from Perl to Go. > I just wanted to give some examples of much simpler implementations. Except you didn't You gave AN example (singular). It was one language; Perl. > They all look to be bottom-half of the full set of results, performance wise. I wouldn't trust that kind of benchmark for comparisons of Perl frameworks as setting up a Perl environment isn't as simple as compiling a Go program. With Perl, you have a number of different ways you can hook the runtimes into the web server (CGI, Apache libs, etc), pure Perl and C libraries (which you also mentioned) that significantly affect both memory usage and runtime performance and a whole boatload of config ($ENVS in mod_perl, bespoke handlers, etc) that also affect performance. The ironic thing with Perl is despite scripts in the language being some of the most portable code on the POSIX community, running performance critical Perl webapps leads to very unportable set ups. (which was the other reason I migrated my sites to Go). This might sound critical, but I genuinely do love Perl. I'd say it was up there as one of my favourite languages (and over the years I've learn to develop in a great number of different languages). But sadly nothing in life is perfect. This is what I thought to. I've never once had an application in Linux crash the whole OS - or at least not so long as I've had physical access to the machine (I've had rouge database requests brick a server before because it took down sshd - but that's a different story) In fact on the laptop I'm on now, the parent link crashed Firefox. But it OOM'ed and got killed before I even noticed there was a problem (and that's on a beefy desktop environment with compositing enabled too) Chromium has been a little dodgy for me lately too. Lots of memory leaks and what not. I've had to kill it's parent process id on a number of occasions (but even then, there's no reason why a browser should take out the whole OS). Sorry for the brash tone of my previous posts. I wasn't aware of PSGI nor the performance it has compared to mod_perl. That's probably one of the most interesting things I've read on here for a while (interesting in terms of it could have a direct impact on my business). Thanks for that. :) SPOILER ALERT This looks like straight character substitution, so it's essentially just trial and error, but the best vector for attack is the following: Look at the shorter words first (2 and 3 character words), guess what one word might be, then match the same characters in the other short words. Once you have a few that seem to pair up, you can start building the longer words from the answers you've got from the shorter ones. Puzzles like this one isn't far off doing a crossword or sudoku. There isn't really a cypher to it, no maths etc. It's just having the patience to guess at a few placements then seeing if that fits the wider model. Why am I being marked down for that? It's clearly marked spoiler so anyone who doesn't want tips can avoid it; yet in spite of that, I was very careful not to give any answers away. All I did was suggest techniques to crack the code. And most importantly, my post answers the question raised - which is the whole fucking point of a comments system. If anyone didn't want to hints then they should have just skipped over the post the moment they read "spoiler alert" rather than knee jerk reacting with a down-vote for a post that others might have found helpful. I swear to god the use of the peer review system on HN has been in steady decline over the last few years. I think being off work recovering from a minor op, and thus house-bound, is making me ratty. :( I was more annoyed about the screen resolution limitations that are greater than the majority of laptop resolutions still in common use (though I will concede that the quality of laptop screens have been abysmal until lately) I really don't get this attitude some Americans have that any kind of public service designed to make the lives of your less fortunate peers just that little bit easier is some how a bad thing. It's as if 70 years of brainwashing that all "commies" are evil has irreparably warped their brains and now any piece of legislation that doesn't propose proverbially kicking struggling families in the "nuts" is seen as socialism and, by extension, wrong. Capitalism is all well and good so long as peoples lives are not put in danger; and I'm not talking about luxuries here, I'm talking about whether people live or die. But what we have happening instead is a closed market dominated by a small number of monopolistic drug companies who abuse patent systems and extort their customers just because they can. Surely at some point, even the right-wings have to appreciate that neither closed markets nor putting peoples lives put in danger because of the greed of the few is neither in the spirit of capitalism nor the Christian thing to do (and I only reference the last part because of the emphasis that many right-wings place on religion). I've always considered The Mirror Test a deeply flawed experiment because it relies on a number of assumptions that are difficult (in my non-expert opinion at least) to guarantee. For examples, babies are tested with a sticker, it's assumed that a baby's lack of motivation to remove the aforementioned sticker is proof that they baby is not yet self aware. Yet that's assuming that the child isn't just curious about his or her own appearance (as at that age they might not be familiar with their own image) so that the sticker is inconsequential to them. It's not a charity though. It's about providing a minimum service for people. Even with "free" health care in the UK, it's not free (it's paid for via National Insurance taxes and many facets still have additional costs (prescriptions, regular dressings, dentistry, etc) albeit often highly subsidised. Surely it's better to have a subsidised minimum service than to rely on charities? And more over, if your objection is purely because you don't want to be told that you should look after your fellow Americans, then that's either a really sad representation of how little respect Americans have for their kin, or the facet of a childish mentality where kids deliberately disobey their parents because they like to test their boundaries. Either way, it's just a terrible attitude to have. In an ideal world I'd probably agree with you. But what you're proposing is even less likely to happen (particularly the pharmaceutical patent reform) that a national health system. > No. Charities have to maintain efficiency because they are not subsidized, if they want to continue to operate they need to prove to contributors that their contribution is going to the cause to the extent that a market critical mass of contributors cares to know. Having worked for a number of charities, I can promise you that not all charities are efficient. In fact some are even worse for wasting money than government bodies. What's more, most people pay even less attention to just how efficiently their money is put to use in charities because: 1) it's considered bad etiquette to question charitable organisations, 2) it's assumed that charities are full of volunteers working for free on a shoe string budget out of the goodness of their hearts. The reality is, many charities are run as businesses - with high paid salaries and paid expenses just like any other business. Obviously I don't want to tar all charities with the same brush, however my experiences certainly call BS to your generalisations. > Effigies should only be burned in street protests when there are teeming masses to rile up. They are less effective in print. That doesn't make the slightest bit of sense. I'm assuming you're objecting to my comment, but given the brevity of your previous post and the context of my comment that preceded it; it's hardly surprising that I took your reply to mean what I suggested it may have meant. However with you now expanding on your point, I now realise that your lack of comradeship is based on blissful ignorance rather than pure selfishness (though I suspect there's an element of selfishness driving the lack of motivation to investigate this topic otherwise you'd be advocating people giving up their free time caring for the less fortunate rather than complaining about who gets your money) I'm so glad the days of image maps are gone! There isn't as such, but there is things like WebGL which is more akin to the traditional style of programming 3D graphics (eg turing complete C-derived language rather than an XML-styled markup language). I used to love VRML though. In fact back in the 90s I built a whole web site in VRML. Sadly it's problems ran much deeper than bandwidth and it's syntax. VRML suffered from the same issues that HTML did back then; every client rendered the document slightly differently. Plus VRML was a victim of being too premature as back in the 90s a hardware 3D accelerator was a thing of luxury - rather than now when even the modest onboard chipsets are relatively powerful. So most PCs just didn't have the horsepower to really take advantage of the 3D websites. The weird thing is, despite it's problems - of which were many - I actually do miss VRML. It was fun and felt really futuristic. And while I don't want to take anything away from the developers who port cool demos to WebGL, the whole concept of virtual worlds has lost the same magic as it had in the 90s when people were building such things with no idea where the journey would take them (I guess like the decade before when I first got into micro computers and had no idea where that journey would lead me). The authors example of a car stereo struck a particular chord with me as I was so fed up with counter-intuitive interface on my car stereo that I actually built my own one using a Raspberry Pi. My stereo is far from pretty, but I now have tactile buttons laid out in a logical fashion and instead of an LCD screen, it gives vocal feedback (via voice synthesis). So I no longer need to take my eyes off the road to switch music. As an added bonus, I'm about to hook a 500GB laptop HDD into the device so that I can have my complete music collection on the road. > SPDY (pronounced speedy) I wish people would stop naming products like this (nginx and imgur are other examples that spring to mind) because it's a complete nightmare for dyslexics like myself. We have problems enough with spelling and pronunciation due to the vast and contradicting rules in the English language, but at least acronyms stand for something meaningful (eg I can remember KVM because it's a Kernel-based Virtual Machine). But names like SPDY are a nightmare because I have to remember which letters are dropped; and an even bigger nightmare to read as I need to memorize how it's intended to be pronounced rather than simply sounding out the letters like any other sane word would. What's more, I'm an English native. So I can't imagine how much harder names like this are non-English speakers too (and let's be honest, most of the worlds populous didn't learn English as their first language). So please, if you're in charge of naming a new product, think about the fact that not everyone in the world is as gifted at English as yourself; and that not everyone wants to learn a separate additional verbal and written rule for each and every proper-noun just because it's seemingly now 'cool' to use TXT SPK in names. It is mostly about securing short domain names. If I'm honest, I started getting sidetracked with my rant at that point. Though, to be fair, even the domain name argument is increasingly becoming moot as more and more TLD's are become available (eg .io). And personally I'd rather not have product names dictated by what URL looks prettier in someone's tweet (if they're that bothered, then why not have speedy.io and a Twitter friendly one that redirects) Pure mathematics has a habit of trickling down to real world applications. Sometimes that influence is direct, as seen with cryptography. In fact much of the worlds security is based on prime numbers. eg HTTPS (SSL / TLS) uses RSA. Sometimes that influence is indirect. Such as math theorems that are applied to physics. Which in turn lead to real world products (eg faster processors, GPS, etc). I'm wasn't talking about second level domains (though you're right that -where available- second level domains do widen the scope for TLD usage). But what I meant was that ICANN periodically releases new gTLDs for public use and even offers a program for companies to sponsor new gTLDs. With regards to .io, technically that's a country code (ccTLD) that's been re-purposed as a gTLD by many organisations in recent years. Interesting point, and eventually things may move that way. It may become as transparent to the users as changing channels on the radio. But for now we're still at the stage where there isn't enough device cross-talk to afford us the luxury to do away with meaningful / memorable domain names (much like how many new radios still need to be tuned in to our preferred stations). We print website addresses and place a great significant on the address bar - so it makes sense that a domain name should fit the product. While QR codes, mobile apps and search engines are mitigating the need for domain names - I don't think we're quite there yet. > I'm sorry, but the world does not need another company-controlled, corporate programming language. .Net (Microsoft), Java (Oracle) and now Go (google). .NET isn't a language and Java and Go are both open (but with the main contributers being employees from the aforementioned corporations). > All of these compilers or JIT interpreters are implemented in C or C++ (which are open languages with ISO standards). Layers of abstraction are there for convenience otherwise we'd also shortcut C++, C and even assembly and would be writing everything in machine code. > Google already control your search, your browser, your phone, your email and in some cases your OS (Chrome) why would you want them to control you programming language as well? The idea boggles my mind. I actually do get the Google paranoia. It's why I cut down on my dependence on them as well. But Go doesn't up-sell Google's services like Chome (which isn't an OS by the way - you must be thinking of ChromeOS), Android, Gmail and so on. And let's be honest, other popular languages have born out from businesses: C from AT&T, Borland lead the charge with Pascal, Microsoft had their version of BASIC bundled with many of the most popular micro PC's of the 80's. Need I go on? > There is a reason go compilers are C and C++. Yes, but it's not the reason you're thinking of. The problem was one of the chicken and the egg. It's all well and good writing Go's compiler in Go, but then how are you going to compile it? A language needs to reach a certain threshold before it becomes possible to write a compiler in it's own language. C had the same problem when it was young too. > I wish others felt as strongly about this as I do. If you want to control your future, then use C or C++ or some other ISO standardized language with lot's of free compilers available, do not use a corporate controlled programming language. The reason people don't agree with you is because: a) C++ would be overkill for a web framework (which is one popular application) and b) half your points are based on misinformation. I would have thought so (but I'm far from an expert on such matters). However you'd still have the issue of users wanting to download Go's build tools from source (as not everyone likes to install pre-compiled binaries on their systems) and not being able to compile the compiler. Granted gcc could now be used. But then you're back to using a compiler built in C++ to build Go code. I couldn't agree more. They saw an opportunity to gain exposure and took it yet still managed to present themselves in a way that was neither exploitative nor full of FUD (i know - i hate that term as well). I wish more businesses conducted themselves this way. While I do agree with you - i think it's fair to say that Etsy have opted to focus more on the crafts side of goods (at least that's the impression their site gave me). While it is a great pity for the electronics goods that get rejected, it is still Etsy's business and their choice. Thankfully there is other options for the goods that Etsy choose not to adopt. I thought this was going to be about the hidden stations, defunct tunnels and some of the ghost stories surrounding the London Underground (not that I'm in any way trying to undermine the point of that video either). The London Underground fascinates me. The number of older rail networks (there was once a stretch of tunnels that were little wider than a crouched person and used either for mail or money - i forget which). The tunnels used during WWII as Churchill's bunker. The closed stations that feel like eerie to walk around. The hidden tunnel that were dug at Tottenham Court Road purely as a way to displace the other dirt due to the logistics of the location of the station. The experiments with spiral escalators...and so on. It's a great marvel to think what the Victorians gave us Londoners more than 100 years ago. They saw out the old century with a world pioneering transport network. Then 100 years on, a technologically superior country decides to celebrate it's century with a big, ugly dome. :( That's the one. Thank you :) There's so much infrastructure below the streets of London - it never ceases to impress and interest me. This is what should happen in IT. Someone looks for a vulnerability; find it. Determine if the project owners need prior warning; then go public. Everyone becomes aware of the issue and upgrades their systems accordingly. Problem solved. Criminalizing those who are only looking to harden the security of public facing infrastructures from those who don't have good intentions doesn't help anyone. And while I'm sure that Geohot and Reece took on this challenge as more of a fun exercise, we've all benefited from the results. So I look forward to reading more articles where hackers attempt to exploit Go binaries; and subsequently how to avoid my own Go binaries from being exploited the same way. (i should add, this is a more generalized comment. I'm aware that this specific attack isn't a practical real-world vulnerability) SMTP is worse than plain text. It's plain text and base64 (which increases file sizes by ~30%). It's a horrid protocol, but sadly it's what we're currently stuck with. But this is all moot as the article is about XMPP, WebDav and RSS. The SMTP headline is nothing more than clickbait. > Well, to be fair, if you don't want your binaries exploited, don't write the exploit into them. That was my point. But without researchers investigating potential exploits, then developers have a harder time writing secure code. Coincidentally, only yesterday I installed an XMPP daemon on one of my servers and configured it as a message relay so I can send and receive SMS from my PC via my phone. Facebook chat also uses XMPP. So in answer to your question: yes, there are people still building new stuff on top of XMPP. However I will concede that I'm also a bit IRC advocate - so I'm probably the wrong person to comment on the best newest social protocols. > People keep banging on about "plain text, plain text" what is wrong with plain text? Well it's not exactly secure, for one thing. > Also email attachments can be binary encoded, base64 is just one option. base64 is a method for encoding binary. You cannot send raw binary other ASCII - which is why base64 is used in SMTP. > People are free to say that SMTP is "bad" or "broken" but they have to say exactly why that is the case. Actually I have given a long list of reasons every time I've complained about SMTP[1][2] [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5510910 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5297472 You're missing my point. The previous poster stated that nobody was using XMPP and I was simply stating that wasn't true. I'm not worried that Google might someone how hack into my server and kill XMPP on that, nor am I commenting on the level of the Facebook Chat integration with the wider XMPP community (in fact the reason I run my own XMPP server was to have a private channel, so I can completely understand why Facebook have chosen to do so as well). My comment was just stating that XMPP is still widely used - despite other peoples claims that Google were it's only supporters. I would like to see the replacement of SMTP be designed along with a redesign of e-mails themselves as well. I'd like to see the HTML that is supported in e-mails standardised, so there's no more issues about which clients will render what. I'd like to see the failure notices standardised, so that invalid e-mail addresses produce a standard "404-like" response, and so on. The problem isn't so much that we have multiple implementations (I agree that can potentially be a strength). The problem is that there's very little that's consistent across the platforms. > No more or less secure than HTTP/HTTPS. In fact exactly as secure as... HTTPS is end to end encryption. In the instances that SMTP traffic is encrypted, it's only node to node. So SMTPS is less secure than HTTPS. > http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3030 It's still not /the/ standard though, just /a/ standard; and one that's not particularly well supported in my experience. Most of the SMTP servers I've dealt with have archived and transmitted binary content over base64. > Your list is full of misinformation. Please don't be rude. And to address your bullet points: - already addressed the binary / base64 remark - already addressed the SMTPS remark - yes, but those response codes are rarely transmitted back up the stack (and when they are, with a horribly garbled error). I'm talking about rebuilding the entire stack - from client to server - so that users get meaningful responses. - of course HTTP is standardised. I never said it wasn't. So please don't turn this into a dumb trolling match where you make shit up to win an argument. - I know SMTP isn't designed to be real time. But there's absolutely no reason why e-mails shouldn't be real time in the modern world. Simply citing IM's as an argument misses the point. IM's are for conversations. Emails are for memos. There's no reason why memo's shouldn't be sent real time. In fact, Android's Gmail notifications are real time. Exchange pushes mail to Outlook clients in real time. There's no reason why real-time shouldn't be the standard for all e-mails. (note: we're not talking about real time character update. Just a standard system for pushing messages instead of the client periodically polling for updates). > Sorry, not following you. HTTPS and SMTPS are both end to end encryption schemes. In fact they both use SSL in a similar way to secure traffic. Yeah sorry, I explained my point abysmally there. What I meant was e-mails are only encrypted on a node-to-node basis but obviously a proportion of that transport isn't over SMTP. (My complaints are about the entire e-mail stack where as you're focusing on just SMTP, so there may have been a degree of us talking past each other). > I'm looking in my mail server logs right now, and am seeing a response code from a third party server for every email we forward. Our mail server then determines what to do with each code, and I can manually add additional handlers (e.g. code XXX do THIS, code YYY do THAT). We're definitely talking past each here. I'm on about client side not server side. (I should have been more clear from the outset that my complaints are about the entire email stack rather than specifically against SMTP) > Cost is a reason. Delivery assurance is another (e.g. if it fails to deliver the first time, do you retry for hours or just give up?). The fact that some clients are still on slow/off-line connections is a very good reason (e.g. phones that come in and out of cellular range, people on dial-up, people out in the middle of nowhere who get internet for an hour once a week, etc). None of that is really an issue though. 1) we already have mail servers that retry for hours 2) we already have instant push mechanisms for e-mails on phones 3) you're actually reducing the network overhead by eliminating the POP3/IMAP handshakes every n minutes in favor of an idle TCP/IP connection with periodic pings. > Really? Strange. I transmit binary data every day over email and I've never had an issue with a recipient not receiving it. Which mail server and version in particular are you having issues with? Maybe the base64 conversion is happening at my end then. It's never caused an issue as such (we have the capacity to cope with base64), it was just one of many niggles with the mismatch of the whole ecosystem. But I'll happily concede that I was wrong about the binary point :) (I don't particularly want to announce to the world what software and versions we're running at work for reasons that I hope you appreciate) The SMS thing? It's basically just an Android app (gtalksms [1]). But I wanted a private encrypted network to control it from (I actually go further and then hook the XMPP server into bitlbee which is an IRC server for IM clients. So now I can control my phone, Twitter, Facebook Chat and Windows Messenger all from Irssi. [1] http://code.google.com/p/gtalksms/ While we're at it, let's all abandon HTML5 and have every browser doing their own thing, because people occasional fall for fake anti-virus ads. We can't stop social engineering like that - it's completely unavoidable. Which is why banks and payment providers regularly tell people not to follow links asking for bank details (etc). Yeah it sucks that The Onion got hacked that way, but your argument is doesn't fix that. Your argument is nothing more than cutting of your nose to spite your face (ie advocating an inconsistent platform for legitimate e-mails despite anchor tags working on every client already). At least if e-mail was completely redesigned, then we could have banks provide a unique cert that hangs in the e-mail header and can support the authenticity claim of the sender (I'm sure there's ways around that idea I've just presented - but that was just off the top of my head. Any such design would obviously need to be thoroughly thought out) To be fair, this discussion is a huge tangent about e-mail protocols. So both definitions of plain text could be contextually valid.