This is interesting. Do you know whether he has native IPv6 connectivity or is using a tunnel? A few months ago, I tried using HE's IPv6 tunnel from China. It connected, but did not enable me to access blocked sites. This. It depends if the blocking is at the content owners end, or somewhere in between. This method didn't work in China last time I tried. The article mentions one drawback of VPNs: if you're using one to access the wider internet (rather than a specific LAN), then it's likely that all of your traffic goes through it. One effective way around this, at least for those using VPNs in China, is to create a set of static routes forcing your in-country connections to go directly. This python program gets a list of China IP ranges from APNIC, and creates a shell script with a list of route commands: https://github.com/jimmyxu/chnroute The legal jurisdiction and/or technical location of the service might be a country with a transparent government, but how would you know that the service isn't owned or operated by a government entity from some other country? The latency B C doesn't inform you about the latency difference between A B and A C. The traffic may take different routes on its way from A, depending on peering arrangements and traffic conditions. Real-life example: I live in China, and passing traffic through a VPN in Singapore to which I have low latency can speed up (lower latency and better bandwidth) connections to some hosts. Ping times from my domestic ADSL connection to that host are about 90ms because they have direct peering with PCCW. Other hosts in Singapore can be 200ms or more away, even though all of them are Why is it awful? Reading the original announcement ( http://www.pbc.gov.cn/publish/goutongjiaoliu/524/2013/201312... ), three things seems clear: 1) People may buy Bitcoins if they like. 2) People may sell Bitcoins if they like. 3) Banks may not sell Bitcoins as they are not 货币 (money). 4) Products offered for sale may not be priced in Bitcoin, as it is not 货币。 As far as I'm aware, no large ecommerce sites in China display prices in anything other than CNY, and none accept anything other than CNY (cash, bank transfers, bank-issued payment cards, CNY-denominated vouchers). If I could pay for things online using Bitcoin, maybe I (and others in China) would start keeping some Bitcoin in an online wallet, in the same way we currently keep some money in 支付宝 (Alipay). From there, it would be easy to slide into mass speculation, which seems to be what the government doesn't want. I feel thankful to be in Beijing. The AQI (air quality index) is only 202 (very unhealthy) here right now. Yes, the same system is used in mainland China. Apart from 4 and 5, you can kind of see the link between the written form of the number and the hand signal: 1, 2, 3: obvious because 一二三 6: the thumb and pinky make up the bottom part of the character 六 7: If you look at your own right hand upside-down when making the gesture, the bird's head points in the same direction as the 七 8: Your thumb and index finger are the two lines in 八 9: Your index finger is the second stroke in 九 I don't know whether this is coincidental, or even just my imagination... If you're doing accounting (backward-looking financial reporting) you should look at amortised cost. If, on the other hand, you're making a decision about whether or not to mine, then you care only about marginal (cash) costs. If you already paid for your hardware (or already committed to paying for it), then there's zero additional cost, unless (i) there are significant maintenance costs or, more likely (ii) you could recoup some of the cash by selling the equipment if you stop mining. I'm ignoring time value of money, and also the drop in the resale value of the equipment. (Deliberately avoiding the work 'depreciation' here as the accounting meaning the every day meaning confuse the issue.) It may well maximise expected value for a would-be founder, but that may not map to the founder's implicit utility function. Imagine you have two options: Option A: 100% chance of receiving $1 billion Option B: 50% chance of receiving $0; 50% chance of receiving $4 billion The expected value of A is $1bn. The expected value of B is $2bn. However, most people I know would choose option A, although it has the lower expected value. I saw 'streaming' in the title and assumed you were going to use Flask's support for streaming ( http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/patterns/streaming/ ). It allows you to send an HTTP response gradually, using a Python generator. It's useful when: 1) You cannot know the whole response at the time of the request (e.g. streaming news updates). 2) It's computationally expensive to calculate the whole response, and you don't want to make the user wait and/or calculate something that ends up not being used (e.g. if the user cancels the request). 3) You want to save bandwidth. If I were streaming music to you, and allowed you to switch tracks whenever you wanted, then I might not want your browser to start downloading the entire track (faster-than-real-time) when you click play. If I did, and you only listen to half-songs, then I would use twice as much bandwidth. I could release in shorter chunks and put a sleep or something before the yield in the generator function. Nice! Small typo on home page: 'When you _clik_ the Search button' s/Highest/The/g There should be only once price at which the property will change hands. Any less, and there would be competing buyers. Any more, and the buyer may have more attractive purchase options. This assumes that it's not a fire-sale, and that the property isn't a unique must-have asset, i.e. that your 'no compulsion to transact' condition is satisfied. It's possible to block ads using squid proxy with squidguard. Although less effective than AdBlock, and requiring a little more effort to get started, it does work. I'm curious whether anyone on HN does this for themselves and, if so, is your squid server at home, on a VPS, or somewhere else? From the linked article: "...permit merchants to surcharge credit cards at both the brand level (i.e., Visa or MasterCard) and at the product level (i.e., different kinds of cards, such as consumer cards, commercial cards, premium cards, etc.)" The last time I dealt with a bank for a merchant account (in the UK), there were only two tariffs: one for debit cards, and another for credit cards. (We accepted only Visa/MC.) The sentence above suggests that the fee structure differs among credit cards. Can anyone share their experience of paying different rates for Visa vs. MC and, in particular, different rates for different credit cards from a single network? Thank you. Page 4 of that doc makes it much clearer. It seems like the fees paid to the issuer of a Visa credit card can vary by up to ~1% dependent on the scheme. One more question: when you say 'interchange plus pricing', is the 'plus' uniform across all transactions (i.e. the same $ or the same % or the same %+$)? The study compared credit cards and cash. I suspect the difference is related more to the _card_ aspect than to the _credit_ aspect, as the former takes away the 'did I bring enough cash with me' issue. "McDonald's found that the average transaction rose from $4.50 to $7.00 when customers used plastic instead of cash." I have a certain amount of money in my pocket. If the bill is higher than that amount, I will definitely pay by card. If it's lower, than I'll choose card or cash. So, even if the card/cash choice had no impact on my spending patterns, you would expect my cash transactions to have a lower average value. Not really relevant to the main discussion, but directly counter to your comment "Nobody rents a house and then go around using the word "own" and "buy" when describing their access to the house.": In the UK, we have a situation which appears strange to most people when they first come across it: the vast majority of flats (apartments) are 'sold' on a leasehold basis. An individual or company may own the freehold (the building and the ground below), whilst the 'owners' of the individual flats have 99-year or 150-year leases. The freeholder collects annual ground rent (maybe 200-300 GBP per year per flat) and is reimbursed for costs of managing the building (e.g. for building insurance, repainting common areas etc.). I may 'own a flat' but in reality my right to occupy it has an expiry date. (I realise you referred to 'house' rather than 'flat'.) Which place is that? How does shady accounting help the business/owner survive? By evading taxes? How so? I have a T-mobile Sim for visiting the US. The plan is 2USD per day for unlimited calls and 2G-speed data, and I only top up the amount I need each trip (11 days means I top up 22USD). If I were to get new SIM card each time I went the cost would be similar, if I were able to get a free sim (with no credit) or more if they don't have a free sim offer at the time. Is there some deal with new sims of which I'm not aware? They _do_ know better (i.e. they know you use it for filtering) and that's why they don't accept it. I don't like it either, but it's a reasonable choice for them to make. I presume you mean the SMTP RFC standards. If so, then it would be unreasonable to respond with 501 (Syntax error in parameters or arguments), just because they don't like your email address format or TLD. However, if I'm offering a service and collecting email addresses as part of that service, my mail form could do additional validation (e.g. I might not want to collect email addresses from the UK ( .co.uk) or from .edu or from people with 'john' in their email address. I'm not violating an RFC with my email form, which may provide some benefit (e.g. stop fake email addresses, reject customers I don't care about) at the expense of losing/angering some other customers. That's a business question, not a standards issue. (BTW - I've never restricted email addresses on a form in this way, but can empathise with those who do) I'm curious: did you lose any emails when you turned off catch-all? I would like to turn off catch-all, but I receive a lot of (mostly automated) email to various addresses, and I don't want to set up a long list of email aliases. Try searching Google for http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6707013a-67af-11e3-8ada-00144... If you click through from Google, you will probably see the article text. Who is taking the other side of the trade with these Bitcoin/RMB exchanges? I mean, I often come across people who have RMB but want USD. Far less often do I come across people who have USD but want RMB. Clearly my sample size is too small! Any insight into how foreigners take positions in the Chinese economy with RMB they obtained through USD->Bitcoin->RMB transactions? - Currency: easy, as you just need a passport to open a bank account - Starting a company: harder, as I thought that opening a WFOE required the capital to be injected in a specific way at a specific step in the process - High interest deposits: these seem either risky (some of the bonds sold by banks) or unavailable to foreigners (yu'ebao 余额宝) - Real estate: some cities require a hukou or minimum duration of residence - A shares: need to be a PRC national - Angel investments and unofficial loans to small businesses? What else? The reason it sounds strange to talk about 'the Gini coefficient of the Bitcoin economy' is that the Gini coefficient is usually used as a measure of income (or sometimes wealth) distribution among a _population_. As your comment suggests, those populations are usually defined by being located 'in actual places'. However, they could equally be defined by some demographic factor. You could look at the Gini coefficient of income for people with blue eyes. However, I don't see the sense in singling out just a single asset or asset class, and looking at its distribution among the whole human population of the earth UNLESS the total value of that asset is some large %%% of the total assets in the world. That makes sense. I didn't realise it expired in as little as 3 months. If you need to do this regularly, I recommend keeping an eye on slickdeals.net, as people post there whenever T-mobile do their free or 99 cent sim promotion. IIRC you can order two sims at a time, and it seems like you get a cryptic error message if you've ordered a free sim from them in the previous 12 months. If someone wanted to add mount support to this, which of these would be better? 1. FUSE Python: http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/fuse/?title=FUSE_Pytho... or 2. pyfilesystem https://code.google.com/p/pyfilesystem/ I've seen FUSE Python used in some different projects on github, and it seems to work pretty well. I'd not heard of pyfilesystem until recently. Three things were important for me in the past: - GuizmoVPN - Sogou Chinese pinyin keyboard - Mounting a memory card using the ipad camera connector kit The first two are less longer important for me now because there is now an official OpenVPN client in the App Store, and the native Chinese pinyin keyboard is much improved (although the predictive text is still far behind those produced for other platforms by large Chinese internet companies). The last one (using a memory card or USB as extra storage) would still be nice as it would reduce the frequency with which I need to refresh content (mostly online lectures). I can live without a jailbreak now. 2 years ago I would have downloaded it even after reading saurik's twitter comments (kindly posted to HN by DLay). Now I'm more inclined to wait. See other thread: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6950125 Mobile phone numbers cannot be ported from one mobile network in China to another.* Therefore, people are extremely reluctant to switch networks. Otherwise Apple fans would have all switched to China Unicom long ago. Several of my friends use iPhones on China Mobile. They don't get 3G data speeds because China Mobile uses a different 3G standard, supported only by specific handsets. There are lots of Android-based choices. * except for some very limited trials, none of which have been in tier 1 cities AFAIK Correct. It's really annoying, for the reasons you mentioned. Apart from banks and online shopping sites, many offline loyalty programs (restaurants, massage, beauty ...) use mobile number as a unique identifier. Having said that, I've noticed over the last few months that people I meet are more likely to request/offer a WeChat (威信) username than a phone number. Businesses are embracing WeChat for marketing-related activity, but I don't yet see any indication that WeChat will become the primary mechanism for transactional notices. See huetsch's comment below. If you only want 2G and 4G (but not 3G), then there's already a 5s that works with China Mobile. Can anyone here share their real-life experience of China Mobile's 4G coverage in Beijing? Oops. Too late to edit now :( Same in the UK. It used to take a few days. Now it's more like minutes/hours. Shameless plug: you can also download their latest accounts for free from http://www.twilam.com/ as long as they are among the 90% (and growing) of companies who file their accounts electronically. This looks cool. One question: how do you deal with split transactions? The comments in models.py suggest that they are supported. However, the signature of the debit and credit methods in AccountBase only have space for one account on the other side of the transaction, e.g.: def debit(self, amount, credit_account, description, debit_memo="", credit_memo="", datetime=None): Are you planning to implement it later, or did I miss it in my quick reading of the code? django-oscar-accounts includes a web UI (I assume from the screenhots when I clicked your link). bookkeeper has an empty views.py, and seems to be using django mostly for the ORM. I'm curious to know what other people are using for this type of functionality. Does anyone reading this link their app directly to an accounting package, and post transactions in real-time using that API? I recall a colleague once (~10 years ago) telling me that some people he knew felt that 5k GBP would be enough to solve all of their (money) worries. I thought it absurd, i.e. too low given things like planning for old age. I guess there are people who would think my estimate too low if I said I needed 5m for the same purpose. (not saying 5m is the right number for me or anyone else.) > Now, some people like to think that stuff like "technology always improves in time to save us" is some kind of natural law. Survivorship bias. If it hadn't worked that way in the past, we wouldn't be here talking about it :) If it's mobile then you might have to deal with (i) lack of physical keyboard, so on-screen keyboard using valuable screen space and (ii) high latency and inability to navigate emails through dead/weak spots. Thank you. I am about to install Hacker News Threadify: http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/110317 I was going to make the same comment, but: - I then realise he's probably talking about buying rather than renting - I read this report which claims that the median value of residential property in fancy parts of London (what the report calls 'Prime London') is 1m GBP, and the mean is about 1.4m GBP: http://www.marshandparsons.co.uk/news/research/item/1519-lon... 1e6 is a million. I assume he's talking about buying a place rather than renting. They may be using a plan which was not intended for mi-fi or smartphone use. I guess they reprogram the IMEI or equivalent of Sim ID of a 'basic phone' onto the Android phone. Hmm... do you lose miles for refunds that are not linked with the original transaction? The first few chapters of The Theoretical Minimum. There is a book and also a free set of online lectures. "we won’t be able to tell who’s wearing built-in-HUD-and-camera glasses and who’s just wearing regular glasses" Oh no! I might have to get laser eye surgery and stop wearing glasses. Why 'Are you profitable?' rather than 'Do you have positive cash flow?' Profit is an accounting term that most people conflate with one or more of: - cash flow - gross margin - operating margin You are right, and that's the whole reason the word profit exists. What troubles me is that it's hard to interpret an answer to 'are you profitable?' because it's: - Somewhat subjective: Internal accounting policies (e.g. amortisation of R&D) affect the answer, and you are unlikely to know much about these accounting policies (unless the company has published audited accounts). - Poorly understood: The person who answers the question may unwittingly answer a different questions from the one asked. They may do this unintentionally, of course, because they don't understand that EBITDA != profit. Of course, one question on the financial state of the business is not enough. Did you 'rip it out' in the sense of rolling back the commit, or did you refactor the code (and replace the GPL2 code with code that did the same/similar thing)? If it were the latter, would your entire codebase be considered a derivative work (just as if I took some GPL2 code and refactored it until all the original code was gone)? The key point in the article: "A rideshare driver might only have personal insurance that might not cover them while they have a rideshare app open, but the rideshare service might not cover them between rides." This is the same as if I have car insurance, but it doesn't cover my current activity. In the UK, for example, car insurance for individuals usually covers at social, domestic and pleasure use ('SD&P'). When you buy insurance, you need to tick additional boxes (and maybe pay extra) if you want it to cover 'commuting to and from a fixed place of work' and/or 'business use'. Neither of these include using the car for deliveries or other things that are 'for hire or reward'. Anyway, from my reading of the article, the key point is that Uber buys insurance which is meant to bridge the gap between the insurance the drivers already have (e.g. SD&P) and what they're doing (for hire or reward) but that the insurance may not do this exactly, leaving some unavoidable activity uninsured. "...while driving around, waiting for their next fare." Why drive around whilst waiting? It seems like a waste to do that unless you're a licensed taxi (and are therefore permitted to pick up people who spot you as you're driving around). "I also have several handguns which I very often carry concealed." I'm curious - why? I don't generally carry around stuff that I don't think I'll need, particularly if those things have to go on my person (e.g. in my pockets) rather than in a bag that I can put down when I'm stationary. "Our direct-selling division has recorded seven consecutive months of year-over-year growth, and new sales force hires are up 25% over last year as well. And, thanks to our loyal retail customers, we recorded the largest ever sales month in the history of that division in October—and we did it without Amazon!" Huh? The direct sales division and retail division each increased sales after they stopped selling via Amazon. That's what you'd expect, as long as _some_ of your would-be Amazon sales turn into direct/retail sales. It would be more interesting to know if their overall sales have gone up. Maybe, but it seems easier to just pull up somewhere and wait. Even if meter parking is expensive, you won't get a ticket for waiting in a meter spot if you are in the car (and can therefore move on at any time). The taobao link in the original post leads to a listing which does not specify the chipset or support for Mac. This suggests it's a cheaper chipset. The 4-5 best-selling cheap USB-to-Ethernet adapters on taobao use the RD9700 chipset, and can be had for 22RMB including shipping. The cheapest Asix 88772-based one I can find from a reliable seller is 25RMB including shipping. It seems like there is another 50 cents that can be cut from the design, although the RD9700 may not have an OSX driver: http://forums.macrumors.com/showthread.php?t=1450026 Does it have a legit IMEI? I've read about phones with IMEI set to all zeroes and/or configurable in a secret menu. What model is the phone? Wow, good spot! Does that mean the RD9700 devices on taobao (22RMB) are likely to work on OSX without additional drivers, as they pretend to be an Asix chipset? The speeds OP got are higher than 12Mbps, so I guess it's not an RD9700 in disguise. Just guessing. I'm about to order the 25RMB asix-type one. I recently started using 'Gomap!!!' to edit locations near my home: https://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftw... I was surprised at how easy and intuitive it is. The comments lost during the outage are still on hnsearch: https://www.hnsearch.com/search#request/all&q=openstreetmap&... To clarify, my interest in whether the IMEI is zeroed and/or programmable is about how the various mobile networks use IMEI, particularly: - China Unicom uses them to detect continued use of subsidized handsets on their network (and will send the customer a text if they're not using it (eg if they've sold their subsidized phone) - I believe T-mobile USA use IMEI to limit access to their 'free data for life' promotion to specific tablet models - Several UK mobile networks have different data tariffs for phones vs. tablets vs. dongles vs. mi-fi devices I'm wondering whether there is any/widespread use of these android devices to bypass restrictions and, eg use a cheaper tablet data plan on a mobile phone with tethering to multiple devices. For reference this is the one I'm going to order: USB网线转换器笔记本网卡以太网转网线 windows全通用型MAC免驱 http://tb.cn/nmLpZey "And dynamic content you tell? Which dynamic content? Does one really care about changes in wiki pages?" I care about new versions of wiki pages. If you write a page about good French restaurants in Beijing, I would read it. If I want to go back to the same page (= same hash) later, I will get the same page. However, if there is an updated page, how will I know for sure? In the absence of domain names, a search engine might return some newer pages, but how can it rank them if there are multiple ones with the same title (and claiming the same hash as their predecessor)? Maybe your server can return something in the HTTP header (like the hash of _your_ updated page)? permit to do something != doing it However, I agree that's a LOT of people. Even if only half are holding at any given time, it's 1% of the population... Scary. Thank you. I'm just about to install it. Maybe I'll do some drive-by editing on the bus tomorrow :) The technical method of the blocking is indeed interesting. From my home broadband connection: - I can connect to port 80 on fallback.global-ssl.fastly.net (to which the CNAME entry for www.theguardian.com points). - I can successfully get a 404 page (from that same server) by doing something like this: GET / HTTP/1.1 Host:www.invaliddomain.com - I get disconnected if I specify Host: www.theguardian.com in any HTTP request, even if I'm connecting to some IP address that has no relationship with theguardian.com. So, in this instance, the GFW is not blocking by IP address, nor is it blocking by keyword. It is blocking by the hostname in the Host: header of the HTTP request. Sadly it's not as simple as that. Facebook has HTTPS support, but TCP connections on port 443 just time out. The GFW is sophisticated. It would be trivial to stop all obvious VPN traffic (obvious = PPTP and L2TP/ipsec on default ports) without affecting other things, but this isn't done, unless many people connect to the same server over some period of time. Unidentifiable TCP/UDP traffic on other ports (e.g. OpenVPN on a port number in the 1000s) again isn't blocked. However, if the same TCP/UDP port on the same server is accessed for long enough, and often enough, it will get blocked. Switching to a different port on the same server will probably fix it, until the next time. In Beijing, they scan bags right before you get out to meet your loved ones. They appear to select people at random, and from my observation you have 5%-10% chance of being selected. I'm not sure what they're looking for, though, as I've never seen them open a bag after it went through the scanner. I was quizzed about my road bike (which was obvious as it was packed separately) but after I explained it was old, and 'just a normal bicycle' and not 'for competitions', they let me through without a fuss. Add oil! You're right, though. Definitely not worth the risk to check it in. Can provinces really get ccTLDs? I thought .tw existed because Taiwan has an ISO country code: http://www.iso.org/iso/country_names_and_code_elements Having said that, I'm not sure why the UK (whose country code is GB) uses .uk The leaflet: "Details that could identify you will be removed before your information is made available to others, such as those planning NHS services and approved researchers" The OP: "can and will be released in an indentifiable form to organisations" Can anyone with more knowledge about this shed any light on the seeming inconsistency? The article mentions ezbob, another player in that space. I was surprised that, although the home page shows an example loan repayment amount, it does not include the interest rate, display of which, I understand, is required by the law[0]. The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) states[1]: "In particular, the regulations provide that - if an advertisement includes an interest rate or any amount relating to the cost of the credit - this triggers a 'representative example' including a 'representative APR'. This must be representative of agreements expected to be entered into as a result of the advertisement, and at least 51 per cent of borrowers must be expected to get the advertised APR or better. The representative APR is also triggered by a non-status or comparative indication or incentive." At first, I thought that perhaps ezbob isn't offering 'consumer' loans, but business loans, but the footer on their web site[2] clearly states their consumer credit licence number (647816). For reference, their example[3] works out to an APR of about 43% (3% per month, compounding: 1.03^12-1 = 0.425...). [0] Consumer Credit (Advertisements) Regulations 2010 ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/all?title=Consumer%20Credit%20... ) [1] http://oft.gov.uk/about-the-oft/legal-powers/legal/cca/guida... [2] http://www.ezbob.com/ [3] http://www.ezbob.com/our-loans/repayment-examples/ Both IO and AQ are ISO country codes as well. I'm not sure why. A comment in a previous thread states that amberExpress uses OnDemand VPN ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6890266 ). I assume that they use a transparent proxy to insert code the banner code into the store's own web site. Assuming that's the case, (how) does it work if the store uses HTTPS for normal product pages? My question still stands, whether they are using a transparent or normal proxy. If a proxy is used to intercept and modify HTTPS traffic, the server certificate used for the connection between the proxy and the client would be invalid (I mean it would not be signed by a CA trusted by the client). Desktop browsers report an error in response to this condition. I don't know about mobile safari. How do they deal with this? That's true in a general sense, but of course there are other factors, including: - Your negotiation skill at the point when you accepted the role - Your employer's cash flow (including external funding) - How difficult it is for _you_ to replace your _employer_ (even if you can't easily be replaced, your employer may realise that inertia/market/risk-aversion/whatever) - Your paper credentials (only for some companies, and only when you're early in your career so cannot be as easily levelled through observed performance). Primary: - DIY VPN servers using cheap virtual servers found on lowendbox.com and lowendtalk.com. I use both PPTP (no need for specific client software) and OpenVPN (works anywhere you have TCP, even if only a single port is open). It's not the easiest way in terms of initial setup but (i) I can share the services I set up with friends, (ii) I can rent servers from providers that have low latency and high throughput from my ISP (China Unicom in Beijing), (iii) the low number of users on each server means low chance of being blocked by the GFW. Backup (just in case): http://vpn.sh/ (cheap) FWIW, in the UK: - There is an important difference between MSBs and banks: banks can take deposits. - Loan companies (e.g. payday advance, as you mention) are different: they need a Consumer Credit Licence and are regulated by the OFT/FCA. To your main point: I don't understand how (even in the US) my accepting cash in exchange for 'not a product/service' would mean I'm acting as a bank. Would I be breaking the law if I were to sell you a single share of, e.g. Google stock, in exchange for cash? What? Is driving a car (even electric) a behaviour that you want to encourage? It seems reasonable to me to have high taxes/fees/whatever for private vehicles that cause local pollution and cause traffic and road wear (normal cars), lower taxes/fees for those which just cause traffic and road wear (electric cars), and subsidies for things you really want to encourage (buses, bicycles, electric scooters) because they cause a minimal amount of pollution, road wear and traffic on a per-person-mile basis. Where did you obtain data about 'changes in numbers of employees' for 'all companies registered with Companies House'? I'm genuinely curious about where to access that data, because AFAIK employee data doesn't exist in either of the regular statutory filings collected by Companies House (the Annual Return (AR01) and the annual accounts). HMRC _does_ have that data (as it's included in the P35 Employer Annual Return) but I'm not aware of any way to access it. Similarly, the best data I've seen on 'main products' for _all_ UK companies is the SIC code, which isn't particularly specific. I'd appreciate any pointers to accessing the data you described (changes in # of employee; main products) for all UK-registered companies. May I ask where (country/city) you and the team are based? According to Wikipedia[0], there are at least 50 cities in the USA where at least 16% of _households_ do not have a car. It appears to be feasible for those households to do without a car. I guess that some of the individuals within the households that _do_ have a car don't use it on a day to day basis. Moreover, even if 100% of households need at least one car, taxes can be levied on a per-car and per-mile basis, attempting to limit the number of cars per household to the minimum feasible level. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._cities_with_most_h... Did you quote that hourly rate to the client ($200/ph and I expect it will take x hours), or did you quote a total for the deliverable? What was the source of the client? If they went looking for a 'programmer', I'm curious why they weren't (like many others) lured by others who are cheaper per hour but worse in every other respect. > If 8 out of 10 candidates for X job are shockingly incompetent, can we complain that the the wealth of the world is owned by so few? Apparently, the incompetent ones mentioned by the OP are regularly earning $100 per hour. From quickly scanning the comments, it seems that (i) many people would use a tool like this, despite its lack of flexibility, because it's easy to use and it works, (ii) very few had the same reaction as I did: it looks nice, but why not just use Excel. Perhaps it's because I've spent many, many hours using Excel (although less so these days), but those problems you state don't seem like problems: 1) Fat-fingering is a problem only if you mix the task of coding (setting up the structure and formulae in Excel) with the task of using (changing the parameters). You don't code your web site at the same time as using it (except for manual testing), and it can be the same with Excel. Highlight all input cells with a yellow background and blue font, unset their 'Protected' property, and then lock the workbook. You/anyone can then play to your heart's content without worrying about messing up formulae. 2) When you are creating new versions of a spreadsheet, it's either because you are changing the structure (e.g. changing formulae, adding columns) or because you are changing the input data. If the latter then, yes, you can have several different versions. I've managed this in the past (when fundraising and doing regular reviews with investors) by having an 'Assumptions' tab which contains _all_ inputs. Each scenario (set of assumptions) has a name/number and a column of its own. The calculations and output dynamically reference just one scenario at a time depending on the scenario chosen from a drop-down. Not only that, but Excel's 'Data tables' feature (which explicitly supports only one-variable or two-variable scenarios) works with this, even if you have 10s of variables: just set the scenario number as your variable. 3) Using a 'template they found' is clearly a bad idea. They wouldn't just copy-paste some 'code they found' without studying it and the tests. In fact, for something simple, they'd probably just re-create their own after studying someone else's code for something similar. It's the same with Excel files. 4) Can't argue with this one :) 5) This last point intrigues me: until now I thought you were focused on business plans, and that you wouldn't overwrite the historical data with actuals. However, you mention operational data, suggesting you are talking about combining planning and tracking into one tool. Is this correct? Thank you for sharing. It's nice to see how other people do things. A few suggestions which may save effort next time you do this: - Only use the $ symbol as much as necessary. Usually you only need one (e.g. $C12 or C$12 rather than $C$12), unless you're referencing a single input. In your example, the excessive use of $ on the 'Detail' tab prevents me from adding an extra row for an employee simply by copying-and-pasting - SUBTOTAL can be better than SUM for summing columns of numbers. You want subtotals for Sales, Support etc., as well as a grand total. SUBTOTAL can be applied to a whole column of values without fear of double-counting, as it ignore existing SUBTOTALs. - EOMONTH(x,1) will give you the last day of the month after the date x. EOMONTH(x,0)+1 will give you the first day of the month instead. It's a bit easier to read than your DATE(YEAR, MONTH+1, DAY) construction. I received my adapter. The windows driver (automatically downloaded from Microsoft) reports that it's not a genuine Asix chip. The message is the same as described in this document: http://www.asix.com.tw/FrootAttach/userguide/How_to_identify... It seems to work fine on a Mac, though. Three also offered free access to Skype. It used (uses?) a Three-specific Skype client (available for many, but not all, models of phone) to do the presence and signalling over data, and the voice over the normal mobile voice channel: https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa10976/how-can-i-get-skype... To protect revenue, SkypeIn was blocked, and SkypeOut was restricted to non-UK numbers. It's about the balance of negotiation power between the buyers and sellers in the labour market. Once jobs became standardised, and employees easier to replace, individuals had/have little/no negotiating power, so their response to low pay and poor conditions is 'suck it up'. Unions aim to redress that imbalance, and there are specific laws in many countries detailing what they can/cannot do. IANAL but AFAIK there are fewer and less strong cases where companies can legally collude in most jurisdictions. A couple of personal thoughts: - The impact of unions is different in different situations. It's easy for us to pick and choose examples based on pre-existing biases, but the details are more nuanced. - People often think of unions as being for low-skilled workers, or those where the choice of employers is limited (e.g. teachers in the UK). However, many professional guilds (like national doctors' associations) also provide many of the same functions (lobbying, collective bargaining, coordination of industrial actions, ...). Several earlier answers (e.g. pron's) _do_ refer to the legal structure as to why unions can exist, without citing the specific act. It's totally fair that they also (i) discuss why the law may have to come to be and (ii) how they think/feel about it. Previous discussion on 'Entrepreneurs are the New Labor': https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5648839 Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5648839 Here in China, at least in tier-1 cities, same-day delivery is common for groceries and, to a lesser extent, for electronics and books. IIRC one of the large multiple-category online retailers promises delivery within 4 hours if you order by 11am. 1号店 ( http://www.yhd.com/ ) and Amazon ( http://z.cn/ ) (Disclaimer: I work at Amazon) Gumroad charges 5% + 25¢ per transaction. Compared with Stripe's 2.9% + 30¢, it's expensive, but Gumroad appears to do two things that Stripe doesn't: - Work out whether and how much sales tax to charge (which I guess should be easy if you operate in only one state) - Absorb chargeback fees This second one makes the 5% seem more reasonable. "A new class of middle-income nations that barely existed 50 years ago now includes more than half the world's population." I found this sentence confusing as: - I read 'middle-income' to mean 'median income' - I read 'middle-income nations' to mean 'nations whose mean per capita income is at or close to the world-wide median per capita income' Can anyone provide an alternative (less confusing but still specific) reading? OK, so: - they use mean within countries (GNI per capita is GNI divided by population) - middle-income is GNI per capita from 1036USD to 12615USD By those definitions, the sentence isn't a very strong one because: (i) 1036USD is pretty low in most places, and (ii) (I'm guessing) the median incomes in those countries are lower than the mean incomes used to classify the countries, the means will be dragged up significantly by outliers like Carlos Slim. The .net site even includes a helpful hint to 'Additional Restaurants'. How generous of La Luna Negra to advertise their competitors! /s http://lalunanegra.net/additional-restaurants/ The range is wide, though. I've seen at least one residential postcode which covers just two addresses. It is time we had a donotcall.gov equivalent for junk mails. The UK has such a scheme: the Mailing Preference Service ( http://www.mpsonline.org.uk/ ) It is the mail equivalent of the Telephone Preference Service ( http://www.tpsonline.org.uk/ ) I would guess that most iOS users think that the confirmation message for in-app purchases (prompting you for your iCloud credentials) is from the app from which they initiated the purchase, rather than from a system service. This probably conditions them to trust all iOS apps with their password if prompted to enter it. The alleged manipulation by China is the reverse: China has been accused, by western politicians, of keeping the value of its currency lower than it would be if freely floated. This, if true, would effectively be a subsidy for exporters: they receive dollars for exports, whilst paying (cheap) local currency for labour and rent. use two step verification for app store purchases That's actually a great idea, and it wouldn't be hard at all, as long as they were to use TFA for all iCloud access. The second factor (e.g. a 6-digit number) could be displayed in the dialogue box asking for your password. If it's a genuine dialogue box, no problem. If it's _not_ a genuine dialogue box, then the captured username/password is of no use, as you don't have the second factor. Replay and MITM attacks could be avoided by using a session identifier; the app wouldn't be able to get at it due to the sandbox. Serbia? Wikipedia says it has: - 20% VAT rate - Roughly 60% marginal payroll taxes for highest earners (including both employee-paid income tax and employer-paid payroll taxes) - 58 guns per capita in 2007 From Forbes: Argentina's black market offers some 10 pesos per dollar, instead of nearly seven at the fixed exchange rate. So, the open market value of a peso is about 0.10 USD. The official value is 0.15USD. The official value of 1 peso (0.15USD) is higher than the open market price (0.10USD). Thus the government is overvaluing the peso. In contrast, 1 CNY is currently worth (0.17USD), i.e. similar to the official value of 1 peso. However, some people argue that it should be worth much more (e.g. 0.25USD). In your example, exporters are getting screwed through an implicit tax. In my example, exporters are getting an implicit subsidy. There's a market exchange rate (different from the official exchange rate), and if you could buy the pesos for less than that market rate, you could make money. If you (a bitcoin seller) were to acquire pesos and hold them, it wouldn't work too well, as your money would get inflated away, eliminating and reversing any profit. However, you could instead (i) use them for transactions, or (ii) sell them to somebody else who has, say, dollars, but needs to buy assets in Argentina. tl;dr Buy USD-denominated Argentine government bonds in the USA (or have your customer do that). Sell the bonds in Argentina, getting more pesos than you would have through the normal mechanism. China's trade surplus was more than 4 _trillion_ USD in 2013. Exporters use USD (which they receive from overseas buyers) to buy CNY. Those USD add to China's foreign currency reserves. If you are the first person to write a bot to automatically submit entries, you could submit most/all of the allowed 10 million entries. OK, maybe your IP would get banned, but what if you have access to a botnet and, therefore, lots of IP addresses? OK, maybe they have a captcha, but what if you trick your botnet victims into filling in the captchas during their normal web browsing sessions, by pretending to be a google bot-detection page? OK, so you win, but the address is a random address that isn't yours. How much would you have to give the person whose address it really is, to pretend you live there? Half? Still not bad. This was posted a few months back ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6659091 ). The page now includes a new version with a more powerful fan. The fan looks like one of these models: - TSK-F8103 (65W, about 380RMB on taobao) - TSK-F8705 (55W, about 230RMB on taobao) Does anyone know which one it is for sure? Does anyone know what they use as a pre-filter? From the picture it looks like an aquarium filter. See the last paragraph. I am assuming you could use random, real addresses, and split the winnings 50/50 with the real resident. Upvoted. If I had (only) 500m USD the chance of me letting it ride with 2x return and 50% chance of winning is precisely zero. So, with the roulette example, I would never win 1bn USD. From what you say about Buffet's early buy-out, the same may apply in this case. Oops. Yes, I should have read the column headings. Assume: - She has a bare minimum of inventory now, as she doesn't have capital to invest - Inventory turns are 13 (the 'average' item is on the shelf for 4 weeks) That would mean she plans her cost of sales to be 13x the average per capita income in that area. That doesn't seem unreasonable if she can get 200 customers to spend 10% of their income in her shop (assuming 50% markup). It's harder to do with cars as: - You can't just put them in your carry-on, making it difficult to avoid duty/tax - There is paperwork regarding not only taxation, but also safety regulations; the latter may require inspections - Most cars don't come with an international warranty (except to the extent required by laws, e.g. in EU), and that's probably more important (and more likely to be used) than it is with a desktop computer. Germany declares that all software sold in their country should be priced at $1 or less It would be OK if this were known in advance; software developers could decide whether the absence of future German revenue meant they should (i) not develop a German version and/or (ii) not develop a product at all (as the non-German revenue would not be sufficient). Changing the goalposts after development decisions are made is different. Would selecting US-English as your language preference fix this? For example, I vaguely recall an ad in a newspaper is not an offer, but an 'invitation to an offer.' I think you mean an 'invitation to treat'. A price sticker in a store can be an 'invitation to treat', i.e. you can look at a price sticker in a store and have a reasonable expectation that if you offer the teller the amount on the price tag, then that teller will accept the price. It's more like an 'invitation to offer [verb]' than an 'invitation to an offer[noun]'. A newspaper advertisement can be considered an offer, though. I don't know much about US law, but there is a famous case from the UK in which a lady claimed some money from a company on the basis of an advertised reward. They didn't pay and said it wasn't a serious claim. She fought in court and won: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carlill_v_Carbolic_Smoke_Ball_C... You can only sue if you incur any loss due to lack of the free 3G service subjected to terms and conditions of the service. IANAL and not from the US. In the UK, though, if the firm really had breached the terms by withdrawing the service promised, the customer could procure replacement service at reasonable/market cost, and then sue for that amount. So, if it cost you $20 per month to get Verizon service on the laptop, then could you sue for $240. I have no view on this particular case as I'm not familiar with the contract. (It does seem reasonable that the customer should activate the service within some finite time, but the contract should define this. If it were 100 years since the person bought the laptop, I'm not sure people would still be surprised they couldn't activate the offer. At that very moment the Internet in China went down - with a few exceptions (VPN users and those who had the DNS cached within their client). Hmm... perhaps I should stop using DNS to resolve the IP addresses of my VPN servers. I thought I would be safe because I use Google's DNS servers but, according to greatfire.org[0]: However, during that time, we see that a lookup to 8.8.8.8, a public DNS operated by Google, returned bogus results if the lookup was done from China. In fact, the Google public DNS was not poisoned; the bogus response 65.49.2.178 could only have been returned by GFW. If the Chinese root DNS server was hacked, a DNS lookup in China via 8.8.8.8 should have returned a correct response. I live in China but am away at present, so wasn't affected. Phew. [0] https://zh.greatfire.org/blog/2014/jan/internet-outage-china... Theoretically, if the company can get a bunch of phone #s, they could even completely anonymize it by assigning two temporary numbers (one to driver, one to passenger) and call-forwarding them for the duration of the trip. You wouldn't even need a bunch of phone numbers. Assuming caller ID works correctly, you can use that to decide where to route the call. Customer A is calling? Route to Driver X? Driver Y is calling? Route to Customer B. No, it cuts it down from many many numbers (2 numbers per driver/passenger pair ) to 1. I haven't seen an instance of caller ID being 'futzed' with in domestic calls from domestic mobile phone numbers, but I agree it could happen for people roaming internationally. Yes it is: http://packages.debian.org/wheezy/python-pip You may visit a site hosted on blogspot more often than you think. Blogspot is blocked where I live (China) so I notice immediately when I click on a blogspot link on HN. If I didn't have to deliberately turn on VPN, I might just read the post without bothering to notice where it's hosted. BookingBug is aimed at this space. I don't know whether it has calendar integration. Check out this UK equivalent for ideas: https://www.writetothem.com/ If you applied and failed, would you want that information to be public without your explicit consent? Or use kill -USR1 to check the progress of dd Me neither, on debian. Would the same apply to selling fake multi-vitamin tablets? Hmm... but how will they make money from the content on your external storage? If you bought the content from Apple, then (assuming a fast internet connection) they could let you stream it, without requiring a computer or iOS device. If you got the content someplace else, then that place is Apple's competitor. What you're describing is "use just storage attached to your router and the AppleTV". You cannot already that. I acknowledge that you can work around that limitation by using AirPlay from Mac/iOS, or adding media to your iTunes library. My point is that there's no incentive for Apple to add the specific functionality you (we) would like, i.e. playing stuff from a USB mass storage device or from an SMB share. How is this different/better than what you could already do with Cordova (aka PhoneGap)? (Not trolling... this is an honest question.) My point is simply that, although there are already ways for you to watch non-iTunes-store content onto your Apple TV, Apple has no incentive to provide you with an additional method like USB mass storage or SMB streaming. Don't the Nintendo SDKs used by video game authors not count as IP? These technical protection measures probably benefit video game authors as well, even after you take into account the fees/cut they pay to Nintendo. Not giving them away is a reasonable choice on Nintendo's part, and protecting that IP with technical measures (i.e. only allowing software for which Nintendo has received the appropriate licensing fees) is consistent with their stated position. I am not putting forward a position on free/freedom here. I'm just saying that their technical measures are appropriate for the protection they said they seek. It so happens that these technical measures also protect the hardware from being used for other purposes (even without infringing on Nintendo's software IP)... You don't need to display them to the user. The user can ask for them from the customer. The user types in the 4 digits the customer provides. The computer compares the two strings. The user need never see the real stored digits. 7 minute abs, anyone? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byEkJ3zRTcY Imagine your net worth consists of 100k cash, and a lottery ticket which, by your reckoning, has 15% chance of being worth 1m, and an 85% chance of being worth zero. Imagine further that you won't know the outcome until 3-5 years from now. Let's forget the time value of money for a moment. The expected value (mean value under all possible future scenarios) is 15% x 1m, i.e. 150k. This is more than half your net worth. Wouldn't you give an investor a discount if he agrees to buy half of the lottery ticket? It would get rid of the 85% chance that you lose over half your net worth through an outcome over which you have only limited influence. Also, you can buy stuff with cash. Today. Thanks. No, I'm not on the team. I can see two practical problems with this, and am curious about how they deal with them: - The investors will not be entitled to the same information as stockholders, which will limit their ability to properly value the shares. This, in turn, should increase their risk perception and lower the price they offer. - Even if the contract between the investor and the employee is sound, the employee could fail to deliver the stock for a number of reasons, including violating something in their employment agreement, or due to onerous provisions among the vesting terms. (Companies have been known to pull back securities which were already vested at the time the employee left.) Regarding the second point, failure to deliver is an insurable risk...assess this risk. Yes, but whoever insures the risk would face the same difficulty in getting enough information to properly assess the risk. I'm not saying it's not doable. However, it might not be doable well enough, and cheaply enough, that there's enough margin of safety for the investor, above the lowest price at which the employee would be willing to 'sell'. Under what conditions have employers been able to pull back shares that are already vested without being sued into oblivion? Skype pulled back options that were already vested: http://finance.fortune.cnn.com/2011/06/24/skype-vesting_cont... I'm not aware of any similar instance for vested shares . Yes, everyone's shares should be subject to a vesting schedule, including the founders': http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/231044 The act of putting together a contract would have forced them to think through the 'what if' scenarios (e.g. founder leaving etc.). They didn't do that work, so their expectations diverged, and it screwed up their friendship. Lesson: spend some up-front effort clarifying expectations, rights, obligations and walk-away provisions. Maybe write the stuff down and sign it. Look at how SharesPost and secondMarket have already solved the first problem. They've solved it for more later-stage, pre-IPO companies. I'm not sure they've solved it for less well-understood companies which have raised Series A or B. I haven't looked deeply into this, so I'm prepared to stand corrected :) I'd rather be wealthy then smart. Did you mean: I'd rather be wealthy than smart. OR I'd rather be wealthy , then smart. ? EDIT: crimsonalucard corrected the typo in their comment I've noticed that Prime members can still opt for the slower (super saver) delivery option. Although there's not much reason to select slower shipping over faster shipping, if both are free, choosing the slower shipping option should increase the opportunity for Amazon to ship different orders in the same box. bag-of-words (i.e. word counts) would be enough Are you doing sentiment analysis? I previously had to take somebody to England's High Court for exactly this I'm curious. Would you mind sharing some of the background, and the outcome? Interestingly, there are a number of EU trademarks which (i) contain the word Luna, and (ii) include reference to class 39 and 'Transport; packaging and storage of goods.'. For example: http://www.ipo.gov.uk/tmcase/Results/4/EU009432147 Also interesting is what the Intellectual Property Office has to say about passing off ( http://www.ipo.gov.uk/types/tm/t-about/t-protect/t-protect-u... ): To be successful in a passing off action, you must prove that: - the mark is yours - you have built up a reputation in the mark - you have been harmed in some way by the other person's use of the mark It can be very difficult, and as a result, expensive to prove a passing off action. IANAL but it would seem that a US-based company with (I'm assuming) no customers or operations in the UK would have a hard time showing that the use of a mark by a company which operates within a very small area of London has caused it harm. Also tough to show 'you have built up a reputation in the mark' given that Luna was only founded a few months ago (according to AngelList). Your 'Sign up for early access' form won't accept a UK postcode. Nor will the form at the top of the page which says 'Sign up now and be the first to know when Luna is in your city.' :( evertonfuller and kine were the only people to respond to the person selling the domain parcelhere.com: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7072450 The WHOIS shows it's still owned by shawnk. Have you sent him a copy of all of his data? That may go a long way toward reducing/eliminating the risk to his business whilst you reach out. Your note here suggests you may not have spoken with him yet, and may not even have a confirmed time for a phone call. Other good text analysis tools from Stanford: http://nlp.stanford.edu/software/index.shtml This is not unique to EA. It's a well-known pattern: http://www.90percentofeverything.com/2012/05/21/manipulating... There are some apps that I almost never open, because I get _all_ of the utility of the app from the push notifications. Two examples are: - Pushover - CN Air Quality Why would they use an xbox for YouTube rather than using a tablet in conjunction with an Apple TV or Chromecast? Is it just because the xbox is already there and always turned on? I've heard that this is a problem with real-life speed-dating as well. The Economist Two basic elements of underwriting for personal unsecured loans are assessing the ability to pay and the willingness to pay. If the borrower expects to have monthly expenses which are greater than their monthly income, and therefore nothing left over to make regular repayments of interest and capital as they become due, then the lender has no business making the loan in the first place. I'm not familiar with payday lenders in the US, but responsible ones in the UK will steer customers to an installment-based product if it turns out they've needed to roll the loan over to the next month, more than a couple of times. Maybe they could ship it through the water pipes direct to your house, thus saving packaging and transportation costs, and the pesky plastic for the bottle. If they really want to stop this, they should double the US price of the cars, and compensate the price hike with a mail-in rebate. This is how it seems to work with electronics: many newegg deals posted on slickdeals involve small mail-in rebates, which I presume are there to prevent the retailer from selling them abroad in bulk. That said, I don't believe the car companies have a right to separate markets in this way. It's much simpler with services (e.g. child vs. adult cinema tickets), but if you're really selling goods you shouldn't expect to be able to maintain such large price discrimination, and certainly shouldn't expect government support for it. Though it's a weekly publication That's one of its strengths. It doesn't have to create news out of nothing, as there is enough 'real' news each week to fill its pages. Installment-based products are still debt, right? That's correct. However, as my original comment states, assessing ability to pay is part of underwriting. For an installment loan, this means checking (at least) that someone's monthly/weekly income is higher than their monthly/weekly regular expenses. The first loan I took was to buy a reliable car (for my journey to/from work). I could not afford to buy that car in cash, but could afford to pay it off within a couple of years, as my income was higher than my regular expenses, and I could use the difference to pay for the car. it's no-good when we're talking about debt for subsistence I agree. It's good mainly for revenue-generating assets (e.g. expanded inventory for your small shop) or cost-saving assets (e.g. a car which doesn't need frequent costly repairs). You might have to install dd-wrt on a router beefy enough to run a VPN client. That way your ATV doesn't need to understand VPN. captcha But the same DNS servers :( $ nslookup > set type=ns > dreamhoststatus.com Server: 192.168.1.1 Address: 192.168.1.1#53 Non-authoritative answer: dreamhoststatus.com nameserver = ns3.dreamhost.com. dreamhoststatus.com nameserver = ns2.dreamhost.com. dreamhoststatus.com nameserver = ns1.dreamhost.com. Is the response to MONLIST also sent as UDP? If so, why does CloudFlare even accept those packets to IP addresses used for web hosting? Shouldn't all legitimate traffic be TCP on ports 80 and 443? You should also check out Mobile Monday: www.mobilemonday.jp Where are Viber's users geographically based? - Here in China, people use WeChat (as do many Chinese living abroad). - Many people I know in the USA use WhatsApp - Line is popular in Japan I installed Viber 2-3 years ago, but no one has ever contacted me with it. What do you sell? To whom? Where (which country)? Middle-income people in the USA aren't afraid to buy commodity items online, from either large, established retailers, or from mom'n'pop shops operating through other platforms (Amazon, eBay). If we understood more about your business, it would be easier for us to empathise with your customers regarding their fear of buying online. Correct. The thresholds are here: http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/resources/documents/tax... For reference, the threshold for Denmark is about 38k Euros, so you (the UK-based bookseller) wouldn't deal with this until your sales _to Denmark_ topped that amount annually. One observation: it's totally feasible for a UK citizen with simple tax affairs (income only from employment, bank interest, shares) to file their tax return using a form supplied by HMRC (IRS equiv.). My understanding is that individuals in the USA have to use software made by Intuit and others, as the calculations are too complex to allow an average Joe to do it themselves. Is this the case? (I admit that 'ease of compliance' and 'tax code being complicated' are not the same) I agree that A&E is stretched, but: - A&E is meant to cover accidents and emergencies. Spraining an ankle is (usually) an accident. - Is there an argument (based on efficiency or something else) for schools to have their own medical staff, over and above some proportion of teachers trained in first aid, and maybe a full-time person to make decisions on next steps for more complicated cases? When I was a child, my GP (in South London) didn't have an appointment system. You just showed up, took a number from the hook, and waited until your number was called. You would always be seen the same day if you showed up before closing time. When I went to university (in another town) I registered with the GP surgery recommended by the college. When I had occasion to use their services, I was _shocked_ to discover that (i) I had to make an appointment and (ii) I would have to wait a week to get one. I was recommended to see the college nurse (who, if I recall correctly, was unable to prescribe medication). I ended up going back to my parents' home in London for almost a week. I got better, but it would have been quicker and less disruptive if I could have just seen a doctor and got some medicine soon after I became sick. Can you translate T4 and T9 into something a non-Googler can understand? Maybe to what would be on that person's business card? the shipment is stopped at customs This is not always the case. As far as I can tell, they stop some random % of shipments. The customer must then pay VAT (plus an importation tax) on the value of the goods VAT is not applicable to low-value shipments. When I lived in the UK, that threshold was 18 pounds, which is just under US$30. (The tax authorities could, in theory, group separate shipments from the same vendor to the same customer in, e.g. the same month, but I've never heard of this happening.) Import duty is only applicable to some classes of items, not on everything. how they apply this to digital goods It's important to understand that VAT and import duties are not even applied consistently to physical goods which are imported by individuals for their own use (e.g. by ordering from overseas web sites). It's another leap to expect consistent treatment for things which, as you suggest, are hard to detect. (Disclaimer: IANAL and this is not advice.) - If you're selling to customers within your own country or within the EU, you should charge the same rate of VAT as you would for selling software to people in your home country. - If you're selling to customers outside the EU, you don't need to charge Dutch VAT (I am assuming your business is registered for VAT, either because you wanted it to, or because it had to by virtue of exceeding a turnover threshold.) If you sell an app for 4.99 to an EU customer, then this implicitly includes 21% VAT. So your sale price is 4.12, plus 0.87 VAT. That's what you would show on your VAT return. Does Google ask you about your VAT status? Do you pay them 30% of the gross (4.99) either way? then do the same for every applicable tax in every country They don't need to do it in every EU country where they have sales. They can just pick one EU country (ideally one with a low VAT rate, like Luxembourg): As regards business to private consumers (so-called B2C) sales, the single place of registration introduced under the new Directive will provide the non-EU traders with the option of discharging all VAT obligations through a single administration. [0] [0] http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/vat/traders/e-... This might be a good starting point: http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/vat/how_vat_wo... * non-EU suppliers ... register with a single VAT authority in a Member State of their choice ... will be offered a set of procedures ... streamlined set of obligations that can be easily completed online without the need for a fiscal representative or for any physical presence.* EDIT: Also see here: http://www.kpmg.com/Global/en/IssuesAndInsights/ArticlesPubl... and here: http://www.guichet.public.lu/entreprises/en/fiscalite/tva/de... You can register for VAT in an EU country without registering a legal entity. For example, if you were to choose the UK, you can register as an NETP (non-established taxable person): http://search2.hmrc.gov.uk/kb5/hmrc/forms/view2.page?formId=... Yes, you have to do a little research. Yes, you have to fill in some forms, and pay some taxes. However, whilst you might not like the cost of the tax itself, it's hard to argue that compliance itself isn't simple and affordable. That's correct, you can set in in Wallet settings: https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answ... Checking your tax rates Sign into the Google Wallet Merchant Center. Next, click Merchant Settings. After that, click Sales Tax. Then, click Edit next to the country or region whose tax rates you'd like to set. (Optional) Select the state/country/province and set the tax rate Finally, click Save Also: If you are a developer selling apps in one of these countries, please note that we have applied the tax rate set in your merchant center to your existing tax exclusive prices. Keep in mind that Google will continue to pass on the entire tax amount collected to the developer, and calculate the 30% transaction fee off the net price of the product. For example, if your tax inclusive price is 10GBP and your VAT is 20% (as set by the developer in the Google Merchant Center), then Google will first calculate your net price (8 GBP) and then apply a 30% transaction fee to that amount (2.4GBP fee). The developer would then receive 7.6GBP (includes tax collected). Do I have to pay VAT over their share of my revenue, with it coming out of my share of the revenue? As it turns out, no :) You should set the VAT rate correctly in the Play/Wallet settings, and Google will only charge you commission on the net price. They will remit the collected VAT to you in its entirety. Didn't some old modems use an acoustic coupler (i.e. a cradle which held the handset)? Interesting. Have you tried using a DNS tunnel? It would be similarly slow if it worked over your connection. Remember the BBC micro and other computers of that era, which used audio tapes to save programs? I recall a BBC TV programme about technology from when I was a kid. In at least one episode, they played such a tape on the air, so that we could record it (by holding the cassette recorder near the TV speaker), and then load the program ourselves. Is this a false memory or can someone else confirm seeing this? If you're trying to estimate your worth to your current employer, you may be better off estimating how much they would pay for a replacement (and how urgent the search would be) if you were to leave. The value to another company, whilst interesting to see if you're at the right place, doesn't necessarily help figure out your negotiation position if you'd prefer not to move. er.. Line? KakaoTalk? Another minor quibble: IRR is usually expressed as a percentage (e.g. 700% per year rather than 7x). Your friend probably had a problem with azimuth (head alignment), which can usually be fixed with a small screwdriver: http://www.endino.com/archive/cassettes.html It's different in the US. Buyers and sellers both have agents. They split the commission when a sale goes through. In some cases they end up being the same person (e.g. if an individual approaches the buyer's agent directly). It might make more sense when negotiating with a selling agent rather than a buying agent. It's worth thinking about which of these services you need: - Book-keeping: Keeping track of paperwork, and movements in cash/bank. Ideally these are entered into accounting software monthly (or more frequently). Some small, cash-based businesses just put paperwork (receipts, and copies of issued invoices) in a shoe box, and give that box to their accountant once per quarter or once per year. - Statutory accounts/tax filings: If you were a Limited company in the UK, these might include (i) annual accounts filed with Companies House, (ii) annual Company Tax Return filed with HMRC, (iii) quarterly VAT return filed with HMRC, (iv) PAYE (payroll tax) filings with HMRC. - Monthly management accounts (for you and your investors) - Planning and advice: at a minimum this would include planning to minimise tax (you can't leave it until compliance time) but may also include cash flow planning or broader business planning There's more detail around each of these things. I'd be happy to go into more detail about any of these as it relates to UK-based companies. (I am a qualified accountant but the above is general information and not advice.) I'm curious to know more about the course, e.g. the target audience, objectives and content. One of the reasons for my curiosity is that I'm unaware of any specific subsidies for accounting courses. Another reason is your comment "you resort to double entry" . Double-entry is fundamental to accounting, in the same way that memory is fundamental to computing. That's roughly the difference in the UK as well. My sister does accounts and tax for a number of small-ish businesses. She provides a part-time book-keeper for those businesses who don't do it themselves (either on-site or remote). That way (i) the business is paying only the rate necessary for the service they need and (ii) she has a decent starting point for remaining work (accounts preparation, tax calculations etc.). The illest. Thanks for the clarification. A few quick thoughts: - Most/all of the UK professional accounting bodies recognise AAT level 4, and will give you exemptions from some/all of the first level of their own exams, e.g. http://www.cimaglobal.com/Our-locations/UK/find-out-about-jo... - Totally agree, practical experience of accounting software is more important for a book-keeper than a deep understanding of double-entry. However, you've got to understand enough to be able to reverse/fix transactions when you/someone screws up. - I've met candidates who claimed >1 year experience doing book-keeping, but couldn't answer this simple arithmetic problem (with a calculator): "If I buy a mug from the pound shop (for 1 pound), and the VAT rate is 20%, how much of what I paid was VAT?". - I don't think AAT is a government body. (But I see the info on government subsidies for AAT courses: http://www.aat.org.uk/qualifications/funding ) Correct. I wouldn't expect someone to know about the rounding rules, as there isn't just one rule which applies to all situations: - http://customs.hmrc.gov.uk/channelsPortalWebApp/channelsPort... - http://customs.hmrc.gov.uk/channelsPortalWebApp/channelsPort... http://seekingalpha.com/news/1584203-google-buys-click-fraud... How do the peers find each other? The installation instructions suggest that I just need to run 'clearskies share ...' on one computer, and 'clearskies attach ...' on the second computer. How will they find each other (on a LAN or, especially, if they're each behind different NAT routers)? I see that there is some 'tracker' code in the repo: https://github.com/jewel/clearskies/tree/master/tracker Must I run that somewhere that both computers can access, and tell them its address? Dev discussion group here: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/clearskies-dev Press release: http://jolla.com/media/documents/MWC_Jolla_announcement_FINA... prove solvency periodically Solvency, the ability to pay what you owe people when it falls due, is easy to prove at any point in time. The state of insolvency occurs the first time you have an obligation to pay, which you cannot satisfy. The thing is, if you're a de facto bank (by virtue of holding customer demand deposits) then your future expectations of solvency could turn out to be wrong because everyone wants their money at the same time (i.e. there's a bank run). Existing discussions about this news: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7295190 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7295084 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7294762 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7295331 can run FirefoxOS applications already But without access to the camera, accelerometer etc., right? You are right. My point about solvency was a general one (applying to all people and companies) but I overlooked an important point: the Bitcoins entrusted by customers to MtGox do not become MtGox assets. The Bitcoins are always owned by the customer (not owed to the customer). They are less like bank deposits than they are the contents of safety deposit boxes at a bank branch. I just bought a copy of Velocireader. I like it so far :) Is there any way to raise the speed above 900wpm without going all the way to 1200wpm? The book I'm reading now is fine at 900wpm (and +/- buttons at the top-right of the screen to make +5%/-5% adjustments to the speed without stopping reading would be great. I'll get back to reading... How do you disguise the nature of the traffic without also changing the route taken by the packets? I would be inclined to test this with/without a VPN connection, but then I wouldn't know whether the improvement was due to avoiding throttling/whatever, or just that my VPN server has better quality routes to the VoIP endpoint. I guess if you VPN to the VoIP server itself, then it would be a fair test. Wow! Pocket/Instapaper support. I'm really looking forward to that. About 1/4 of the articles I save are too wordy, and this will help me get through them rather than leaving them for a day which never comes. In addition to the 360 million credentials, the criminals are selling some 1.25 billion email addresses, which would be of interest to spammers I used Google Apps for my personal email, and I'm pretty happy with the spam protection. (Although I don't check my spam folder for false positives, so who knows?) Anyway, can anyone who has switched from Gapps/Gmail to their own installation of SpamAssassin comment on how that worked out for them, and how much time they spend maintaining their setup? A web form purporting to do that would be a great way to harvest email addresses. You could even add the ability to verify that a given email/password combo does not appear in the list :) many UberX drivers are driving without proper insurance, a misdemeanor offense And if that is the case, then Uber's current business model requires that drivers do this. I wonder how much it would cost Uber to increase the insurance coverage such that there is no doubt that a driver is properly insured at all times, and why they have no done this so far. The money and taxes are accounted for in other entities Are those other entities all based in (and taxed in) the USA? Cats' heads are smaller than ours, so I guess their eyes are closer together than ours. Their agility doesn't seem to be hindered by poor 3D vision. The GAuthify home page looks awesome, and it's a great concept. I'm curious about your comment that Flask is 'great for small and large apps' and your advice 'at this point you might consider... Django'. From my limited experience of trying to build things with both, my impression is that Django has a steeper learning curve because of the project/app distinction, and urls.py but that, after some time, the additional structure this imposes makes it less likely that my code becomes a mess. With Flask, it was super-fast to get started, and to add functionality incrementally, but at some point I realised my code was all in one file, which didn't seem right. If, as you say, Flask is suitable for large projects like GAuthify, how do you structure your code so as to avoid the problem I faced? Under what circumstances would you use Django for a project instead of Flask? if Scotland becomes independent ... "... English, Welsh and Northern Irish students will study at Scottish universities for free..." This assumes that an independent Scotland would be a member of the EU, which is far from certain: http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/impossible... I think (useful) effort is what should be rewarded, not productivity. How can we reliably measure effort? If we are to reward by effort, how can we encourage people to go into fields where they will be even somewhat productive? If I could choose any job, it would be stand-up comedian. I may not make anyone laugh. Should my reward be the same as that of Louis CK or Chris Rock? Is Scotland really a country, in the sense that we usually understand the word? if there is enough good people doing the stuff already, therefore we don't need you even if you like the job How can we determine whether there are enough people doing the stuff already? Going back to my comedian example, should I get to be a comedian just because I started doing it at some minimum acceptable quality, before there were 'enough' comedians, whilst the next Louis CK has to do something else? I think you're missing: - we don't need to measure productivity in aggregate (and I agree GDP has problems in doing this) but for each individual, and probably only in a relative sense - competence in a field and motivation to do it are not necessarily correlated, as evidenced by the popularity of career-change guides - A democratic process for deciding whether your work is useful for society would require a lot of information on each person's work. I don't see how you could summarise that information without coming up with a metric which means something like 'productivity' Anyway, we've veered far off topic and I don't think we'll convince each other. Have a great weekend! There is no hard-and-fast rule as to what makes a country (aka "Nation State"). However, there are a few clues: - Issues its own currency - Recognised as a sovereign state by other countries - Taxes its people - Issues passports and polices its borders The UK does all of these. As far as I'm aware Scotland does at most 1 of them. A couple of other notes: - Privately-held banks don't print money on behalf central government. Those 'Bank of Scotland' notes bear a promise (obligation) made by the Bank of Scotland, and not by any government. - That England, NI, Wales don't have their own embassy in other countries is irrelevant. I'm not arguing that they are countries. it's more of its own country than now, I'd say. Do you live in Scotland? Thanks for the advice and those links. The example's use of Blueprints for the users module is really clear. Previously I was confused by the documentation on Blueprints, and I simultaneously didn't 'get' what they were for, whilst wondering why there wasn't an obvious way to break down a project into smaller pieces of functionality. I think I'll follow your advice and use Django for now, just because it will be easier for me to find and use existing packages (e.g. django-allauth was a little easier to get working than flask-social). you won't be using flask packages with their own models/migrations, you'll be using pypi packages and design your models around your needs Are you talking about the distinction between, e.g. flask-social (a flask package) and python-social-auth (a python package, which requires me to define my own models)? the upfront cost is the entire cost of the phone to the customer No, it's not. The up-front cost, plus the agreement to sign an x (x~=2) year contract is the cost to the consumer. The consumer would not have been induced to sign this contract without the advertised price of the phone so, clearly, the obligations in that contract are not ones that the consumer would be willing to undertake for free (i.e. without a subsidised phone). the customer has title to the phone immediately they pay that cost That may be the case, but let me share two examples: 1) If I get an iPhone from AT&T, at a subsidised price because I committed to a 2-year contract, that phone will be locked to AT&T until I request that it is unlocked. They will only unlock the phone if I have satisfied the conditions of the contract (i.e. paid my 24 months' bill). So, although I have title to the phone from day 1 (in the sense that I can throw it down the toilet if I want) I don't really own it in the sense of being able to do whatever I want with it (like use it on a different network) until 2 years' later. It doesn't seem that different from hire purchase. 2) If I buy an iPhone from China Unicom (the 2nd largest mobile provider in China), I pay a deposit up-front (roughly the unsubsidised price of the phone, less the advertised up-front price) and 1/24th of that deposit is credited to my bill each month for the next 2 years. The only practical differences vs. the AT&T example are (i) they don't lock the phone and (ii) they are more protected than AT&T are if I don't hold up my end of the bargain. No, because they are still free (as in beer) at the point of delivery, like the NHS: http://www.nhs.uk/NHSEngland/thenhs/about/Pages/nhscoreprinc... by the time he graduates in 2016, he’ll face $400,000 in student loans Why choose to study in New York? I imagine one could train to be a dentist for ~30% of that cost (including living expenses) in Central Europe or in India. Perhaps you'd need to do an extra exam before being licensed to practice back home, but avoiding that doesn't seem worth a > $200k premium. On the plus side, more students than ever before are attending college, which is a certainly a good thing, as van der Klaauw points out, even if it is a contributing to factor to overall debt increasing. A degree is usually worth the cost of college, even if the price tag is increasingly tough to bear. It's not clear to me that 'a degree is usually worth the cost' but even if it were the case that going to college were the optimal decision for each individual who chooses to go, this locally optimal decision doesn't mean that it's good that 'more students than ever before are attending college'. A college credential could have a positive NPV for each person thinking of getting one, but still be negative for the group overall. For each individual it's rational to participate in the credentials arms race only because if they don't, but everyone else does, they will be at a disadvantage. (I acknowledge that many people get more from a college degree than just credentials.) I'm curious - did you work through this book on your own, or as part of a class or with help from others? I started reading it, attempting most of the exercises at the end of each chapter, and some of the 'as you should verify' parts. I found the 'aha' moments during the text or when solving the exercises really enjoyable, but I got stuck often enough that I began to only pick up the book when I felt super-alert. I stopped about a third of the way through, a few pages before the introduction of eigenvectors and eigenvalues. I would like to pick it up again, but am worried about how to maintain motivation the next time I'm faced with a page where I'm stuck/confused for 30 minutes. EDIT: Thank you to the people who replied. Your empathy (~"you're not alone in getting stuck") and encouragement (~"you don't have to grok everything the first time through") have given me new motivation to try this again. It's not just you. It's probably easier to accept that I'm sleepy and should take a rest, than to acknowledge that I need to focus and think harder about the material. Your point about _advertiser_ lock-in is true in the short term. However, the limited _user_ lock-in means that a 'better' search engine could take user share, which would then make it more attractive to advertisers. If the text in your PDFs has enough structure (i.e. fixed field names or punctuation) then it should be possible to convert the PDF to text and then pass it to Zapier's parser. This. Or at least someone who appears to share the same values and decision-making criteria. Were there any first-time founders in their late 30s and 40s? Why not, _if_ you are operating at such scale that the extra performance outweighs any additional development/maintenance cost/complexity? I think this is what Taobao uses/used: https://github.com/alibaba/tengine Thanks. Is the point that it's chicken-and-egg? You need users to get ad revenue, but you need ad revenue to improve search quality and thereby attract users? Ipkall's free PSTN->SIP numbers? I remember using an ad-supported phone calling service when visiting a cousin in Sweden. It sounds similar to this (ads that both people hear every few minutes) but it didn't use call-back. Can any Swedes remember this service, or comment on whether it still exists? Nobody talked to us about imaginary or complex numbers, or bayes theorem, decision theory, or non-trivial mechanics problems until I was in college (age 16+) For the benefit of those not familiar with the UK school system: - Compulsory education goes up to the age of 16 (roughly 11 'grades') - Many people continue at school until around 18 (an additional 2 years, called the 'sixth form') - These final 2 years of school can be taken at a secondary school (~= high school in the US) or at a college (which may specialise in these 2 years only, or may go beyond). This college is not the same as a university, although there are some areas where they may compete for the same students - Most people who enter university as undergraduates do so after completing these additional 2 years, and the exams which partially determine university acceptance are taken when people are about 17 or 18 Insurance just smooths out risks over time and among different parties. It doesn't reduce the (expected) total losses from events, across the entire industry. Banks have insurance for some risks, yes. They are able to buy insurance for a reasonable price precisely because the insurer perceives that the risks are low and well understood. As I understand it, it would permitted for Dell to build their own binary from source (having previously changed any mention of Firefox to something else), and to charge for that software. The issue is that, by using the binary, which contains a Mozilla-owned trademark, they become subject to Mozilla's trademark policy. IANAL, and am curious: What binds Dell to adhere to Mozilla's trademark policy? They are not using the Firefox trademark in a way which is likely to cause confusion (assuming they are using the official binary) or to devalue the Firefox brand. (How) can a trademark-owner go about adding their own conditions to the use of a trademark, over and above those provided for by trademark law? This is truly awesome. It's just like using a Chinese dictionary with handwriting input (like Pleco or Nciku). I don't use LaTeX but now I'm looking for an excuse :) Surely someone is signing off the hosting bill (even if it's one line item among many)? This sounds like a sales opportunity for WPEngine or Flywheel. Is it permitted to make an audio recording in a situation like this? If that judge had been on HN he would have been cited for 1 count of 'appeal to authority'. Related standard: http://mobiledeeplinking.org/ If you invest money to acquire any security, it's good to understand the things that affect the value of that security (the prospects of the issuer, the contractual terms of the security, the terms of securities which have priority). If you invest time (your labour) to acquire any security, the same applies. If the value of the security (based on the information you currently have) to you is low, then you can treat is as zero and not worry about doing your due diligence. Otherwise, even if you aren't in a position to value the company, you should at least understand the financing structure (i.e. the # and key terms of all issued or authorised equity or debt securities). Someone may not be willing to share the entire cap table with you (and it's not on public filings in many jurisdictions) but if they're offering you a piece of paper, whilst refusing to give you the basic info required to value it, it's a bad sign. This is awesome, but I've found it usable only for very low bandwidth applications (like a remote terminal session). Web pages and emails are large these days :( If you're interested in IP-over-DNS, you may also be interested in IP-over-Facebook: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7256477 or iPad. In that situation, a DNS-based proxy or VPN-connected router are your only options. There's a third option if you're using an iPad: the built-in PPTP/L2TP/IPSec client or the official OpenVPN client. Your point still stands for the Apple TV. Definitely set up a Limited Company. It costs less than 20 pounds to do it online via the Companies House web site. As others have said, you don't want to take on more risk or liability as an individual. If your clients are mostly VAT-registered, your company should also register for VAT, even if you are below the turnover threshold where you are obligated to do so. Your clients will not care (as they will claim back the VAT), but your company will benefit by being able to claim back VAT on things it buys (like laptops). Even better, you could register for the VAT flat-rate scheme, which would create some additional saving in terms of VAT even if you don't have any VAT-able expenses. This is not advice. You should get some professional advice from someone who does this all day. Ping me if you want a recommendation: rahim @ encona dotcom Also see my related comment here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7275948 I don't know the original sources of this joke, but this version is pasted from http://www.chinasmack.com/2009/stories/what-if-district-9-al... - Aliens land in Beijing, Beijing people would ask the aliens if they believe in capitalism or socialism. - Aliens land in Shanghai, Shanghai people would drag the aliens to the zoo to put on display. - Aliens land in Guangdong, they would be eaten… - Aliens land in Wenzhou, Wenzhou people will ask the aliens: is business easy to do on your planet? This is only one of two devices I've heard of which add usable memory to the iPhone. The other is the i-FlashDrive: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B009A5YP0W Both the Mophie Space Pack and the PhotoFast i-FlashDrive require the use of their own apps in order to view or copy files on the external storage, i.e. the external flash is not available to other apps on the phone. Does anyone know of any other devices like these? How did these two companies get Apple to approve their apps, which appear to work around Apple's price strategy with regard to devices with differing amounts of memory? 90 miles per day? 'Hollywood' isn't a single entity. Someone would need to: - Set this monthly fee - Work out a way to share the fee among content creators, and get that agreed by those content creators - Get the data required to support the fee-sharing agreement (e.g. movie plays) - Protect the revenues through, e.g. legal action against those who use the service without paying, and providing a payment mechanism for everyone else Think about it from the point of view of an individual content creator. If I were to create the best movie ever, and wanted to maximise my revenue from the money/sweat/risk I put in to get this far, what kind of revenue sharing model would need to exist, in order to persuade me to make the movie available on a service like the one you describe? "3) hotels have insurance for when things go badly wrong" Yes, and the reason they can buy insurance (or risk self-insuring) is that they have processes designed to limit the frequency and severity of these incidents. I'm curious how much AirBnb pays for insurance. How much would you charge for an insurance policy if someone said they were going to let random strangers stay in their apartment, based on a few semi-anonymous comments on the internet? So, how about using WhatsApp or WeChat or Line? These apps are as convenient and cheap as SMS for many people, but don't suffer from the same ease of spoofing. If you have a phone and a tablet, install Google Authenticator and Authy on each, and scan the QR code with each app (a total of 4 times). As long as the clocks are in sync it will work fine, and protects access in case of: - loss of 1 device, and - one of the apps not being available (e.g. during a stuck iOS app update) It apparently uses geolocation: I can't even look at the app if I'm not in SF. I tried it when I landed at SFO on my last trip to SF. It gave me the same message there, even after I quit and restarted the app. (Google Maps was reporting my correct location, so it wasn't my GPS being funny.) I'm not sure of your point. According to Crunchbase, Instagram took $7.5m funding at seed/A and then another $50m not long before it was acquired. If you're taking about Instragram's exit valuation, I don't see the relevance. "200 million registered users, 70 million of whom are active on a monthly basis" That sounds high to me. Does anyone know how they count MAU? I just launched the app and enabled push notifications. Would I count as active this month (and the month in which I joined) even though I've never made/received a call? Which groups of people (communities or countries) use Tango more than Viber/WeChat/Line/KakaoTalk? Pinger offers free texts, but it won't work with your Google Voice number: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pinger.tex... IIRC Google Voice is due to remove API access for third-party apps. "he just chose the one that ended up being correct" Yes, but it wouldn't be so impressive if he were to choose the envelope which said "your guesses were all wrong, and normally distributed about the actual value". The article is conflating the ISP's _costs_ with the _prices_ paid by consumers: "And I think we can all accept the fact that business service costs are ultimately borne by consumers." The above statement seems designed to cause confusion. The implication is that the total price consumers pay is determined wholly by the costs incurred in delivering the service. This may be almost true in aggregate, but isn't true at an individual level. ISPs offer an all-you-can-eat internet service, but aren't happy with the customer-level margins for the most heavy users (including Netflix users). They could raise prices for heavy users (e.g. by applying caps in the same way as mobile providers) but have chosen instead to engage in different tactics to limit usage or get additional revenue from other sources. Throttling P2P traffic (I don't know which ISPs in the US do this) and asking CDN providers to pay for ports are two examples. This seems to be like they're increasing the maximum speed of the local pipes ('unlimited water up to 100 litres per minutes!') without being willing to increase the size of the pipes into (and capacity within) their own distribution network. Am I missing something, or is it just that the business model of offering unlimited high speed internet only sustainable at a higher price? This reminds me of the 'penny gap problem': that the steep drop-off in users from raising the price from zero to a penny is much larger than the (much smoother) drop from further price increases. I thought perhaps that the 'Paolo Cirio Ltd' at the bottom of the page was a fake company name, but it actually exists. Its first annual accounts are due to be filed in a couple of months, so I'll make a calendar note to download them then. http://data.companieshouse.gov.uk/doc/company/08188080 In many other lines of work, employee contracts _do_ give the employer IP rights over employees' work. If I write software as part of my work, for which my employer pays me, they get to decide how to treat the IP. Many employment contracts go further, and include IP created outside work but during the term of employment. Some jurisdictions make this more strong transfer invalid/unenforceable. Why does the current system exist as you suggest? I mean, why do teaching employment contracts allow employees to retain IP they create in the course of their employment? "Other people's resources are generally just not as useful." I wonder whether this is true. I believe that someone else's teaching resources might be harder (i.e. less useful) for a _teacher_. However, I find it hard to believe that teaching resources (like lecture notes or lesson plans) don't vary in quality and that, therefore, the teachers with the worst materials are doing their students a disservice by using the materials which are easiest for them by virtue of being familiar, although better (for the student) alternatives exist. Just use the best ones. There are no unique snowflakes. (BTW I take your point about reversing the question. It's a little tricky to find the 'right' answer for software companies because code within a company is more tightly coupled than teaching resources for different courses are in a school.) "I've had the bookstore call me and tell me that there is a new edition and they won't order the old edition" Eh? How does a single phone call from a single bookshop prevent you from assigning a particular edition of a particular book for your students? Are you in a remote location in a country without an Amazon or Abebooks equivalent? This is not meant as snark. I honestly don't get it, and would like to understand the background to the situation you describe. I heard from a colleague that this deal no longer exists. I opened a CCB account before my last trip to the US. I was charged a 3USD ATM fee at the BofA ATM. I don't know what exchange rate was applied when the 303USD was converted to CNY, but most Chinese banks load these transactions much less than those in the UK (which usually charge 2.25% to 2.75% above the Visa wholesale rate). The same loan/tuition dynamics don't apply in the UK, because: - The government controls undergraduate tuition fees for UK/EU students (currently capped at 9k per year). - Until about 25 years ago, undergraduates' tuition fees and living expenses were paid by the state. These two direct subsidies have gradually been replaced by student loans. It will take some time for people's tolerance for larger and larger student loans to match that in the US. "where would two hundred students find a copy?" They would buy them from one of the 400 students who studied the same course over the previous 2 years. In the current universe, older students are stuck with textbooks they no longer need, whilst younger students are worried about buying these same textbooks lest they miss out on some required content. I bought a used copy of 'Intermediate Microeconomics (2nd edition)' from an older student when I arrived at university, for less than half the price of the newer 3rd edition, which had been published that year. The book was much cheaper then, so I saved only a few pounds, but the current 8th edition costs over 150USD. I'm not sure how the content of a first or second course in microeconomics has changed over the last 20 years, but a used copy of the 3rd edition can now be had for less than 10USD. No. The point of the down payment is to reduce the loan-to-value ratio which, in turn, reduces the risk taken by the bank (as the property value would have to fall by more than the amount of the down payment before the loan collateral is worth less than the loan). This risk reduction is why the bank will give you a loan at y% rather than 1.5y%. This reduces your monthly payments to an amount you can afford each month from your salary. I was responding to a parent comment: "The point of the down payment is that you're able make good on the loan." I don't agree with that statement, as I believe the primary purpose of the down payment is a source of risk reduction for the lender, whose only guaranteed recourse is the collateral on the loan. In the UK, home loan products each have max LTV (loan-to-value) thresholds, and prices are inversely related to those (though not linearly of course). Lenders don't care whether the LTV being less than 100% is the result of years of saving, a gift from parents, a windfall of some kind, or just because you happened to make money when you sold your previous property. They care mainly about the LTV (which affects their downside risk) and the ratio of your regular monthly income to the monthly payments (to make sure you can comfortably afford the repayments). Do you disagree with my statement, or are you just pointing out that the down payment is only one of the factors which affects the risk of the loan, and that the risk of the loan is only factor which affects the lender's decision? 'preparing materials for them, must generally be budgeted as "teaching time". This must usually be paid by the institution's own budget (not by grants)' So, do teaching materials prepared during 'teaching time' become the IP of the employer? "Besides, there were specific shops that used kerosene in the photocopiers (I don't know how it works though)and that reduced the cost of photocopying per page by almost a third or the original price." Kerosene is/was subsidised in many places (e.g. India), I think because every needs to eat (and therefore everyone needs fuel for their stove.) You would also need to know the # of options outstanding. You can't really calculate the value of options without knowing the complete cap table, and details of different share classes (particular liquidation preferences). I don't know whether it's common for small companies to share all of this information outside the senior team or potential hires for that team. A few thoughts: - The cost of tailoring a shirt here in Beijing can be as low as 15 USD _excluding fabric_. Your labour costs will be higher than this if you want to make things locally. - You will need 1.8 to 2.0 metres of fabric per shirt, so your fabric cost will be a _minimum_ of 8 USD per shirt - You will have shirts returned because they don't fit right, and need to factor those in to your costs, as you won't be able to resell them You might want to go online and buy 5 tailored shirts from different supplies, so you can understand the customer experience. Start at ravistailor.com. I will be amazed if you can offer quality custom shirts in 48 hours for 30USD all-in. You could have custom shirts tailored in China for ~25USD if you are willing to limit the quality and selection of fabrics, but that doesn't leave you much for margin, fulfillment or overheads. Technically, no. However, there _are_ requirements before you can take the bar exam. Unlike other states, California doesn't require that you attended an ABA-approved law school. However, instead you have to do 'Four years of study, with a minimum of 864 hours of preparation and study per year, at an unaccredited distance-learning or correspondence law school registered with the Committee;'. So, you _do_ need to 'attend' law school, even if it's over the internet. (Unless you "study in a law office or judge’s chambers", which I guess is a type of apprenticeship.) A lawyer dies and goes to heaven. He complains: "I'm too young to die; I'm only 45!" The response: 'Not according to your billable hours.' In that situation, I would assume the value to be zero for the purpose of decision-making. @sjg007 email me if you want to discuss in more detail (address in profile). If it's a bona fide gift, the lender will consider it equivalent. If you claim that the deposit is a gift, they may request a letter from the person who gave you the gift to confirm there are no strings attached, i.e. that: - it's non-returnable - it's not interest-bearing - no interest in the property will be retained by the person giving the gift If they didn't do this, the gifting party could later claim that the gift was in fact a loan, and that it is secured on the property. This could cause complications for the lender, who is relying on a first charge on 100% of the property as security. VMware View uses the same protocol (Teradici PCoIP) and has a linux client. Have any VMware View linux users here tried to connect to Amazon Workspaces? Implicit in your question is that the company will be registered in the USA. Why? A couple of pros: - You want to raise big money from a VC, and it will be easier if your company is a Delaware ( http://www.grellas.com/faq_business_startup_002.html ) - You will employ people in the USA, and think it might make the paperwork for that easier One potential con to consider: - You might pay more tax if you are set up in the USA (vs. e.g. Cayman Islands) I'm not familiar with Rails, but the code looks simple enough. Is it easy for me to install and run it? I mean, can I just do the following? - (Install ruby and rails) - git clone https://github.com/algolia/hn-search - bundle - rails server - Paul Mitchell 'The Conditioner'. It's a great substitute for hair gel _and_ shaving foam. I've been using it for 20 years. - Pilot GTEC-C4 pens (great paired with Moleskine notebooks) - An external USB battery pack - A headphone splitter cable - Hearos earplugs (the blue ones) "It is at least a different product, not better or worse." The very fact that it's different makes it worse for me. I can use Excel 2010 for Windows without thinking about the tool. Small differences like startup behaviour, position of things on the ribbon, and keyboard shortcut force me to think about how to use Excel for Mac, rather than focusing on the task at hand. Some, but not all, of this is down to differences in the platform and platform-specific design conventions. Previous discussion here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7430082 This site is really nice to use. Does anyone know where it gets data on walking routes? There is a train station near where I used to live. Google Maps correctly identifies it as being 11 mins' away by foot. The TfL site thinks it's 23 mins away by bus, so never includes it in any suggested routes, instead showing my multiple-leg journeys by bus and tube. Is there a place to report errors or 'I found a faster route'? Choosing 'fast walking' and 'routes with fewest changes' sort of worked, but it still shows a walking route which doesn't use the pedestrian-only bridge: http://www.tfl.gov.uk/plan-a-journey/results?IsAsync=true&Jp... Which relevant banking law? AFAIK Coinbase is not a bank. Thanks. I just submitted a pull request. If you're thinking about buying one of these, I can highly recommend the Toto S300e ( http://www.amazon.com/dp/B009IJ2LM4 ) or, if you live in Asia, the TCF4722CS ( http://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=23047236820 ). These 'washlet' toilet seats can be retro-fitted to normal toilets. It's really easy as long as the flush-water inlet to your toilet has a standard fitting. Oh, and assuming you have a suitable power socket near the toilet. The manual recommends a GFCI (ground fault circuit interrupter) socket. "There are also cheaper compromises that only replace the toilet lid instead of the entire toilet and without requiring a hot water line." Both the models I recommended are of this type (they are just a seat, and they don't require a hot water line). I considered the model you recommended. The main reason I went for the higher-priced models is that they are higher-power, and can heat the incoming water in real-time. The more inexpensive Toto models are lower power, but compensate by having a built-in tank to store water. I guessed (but did not verify) that, on occasion, the tank could run out of hot water before I was done. Does the tank on the B100 always have enough hot water for you? The water is sprayed from a wand. The wand automatically retracts into itself when not in use. When retracting and/or expanding, it washes itself. You never touch the want, and it's not expanded when you're doing your business, only afterwards when you turn on the spray. Thanks. I should have mentioned I already looked at statcounter. The data for desktops is OK, but what I really want is the most common user-agent/resolution combos. It's easy enough for me to check the Apple ones, just by looking up the specs of recent models, but I don't really know what mid-range Android phone specs to target, as there are so many models. This line from RetailMeNot's S-1 is interesting: "When a consumer executes a purchase on a retailer’s website as a result of a performance marketing program, most performance marketing conversion tracking tools credit the most recent link or ad clicked by the consumer prior to that purchase." I thought that often it was the earliest click (subject to an expiry), and that multi-touch attribution was becoming more common: http://www.clickz.com/clickz/column/2282207/embracing-the-re... If you're a CJ affiliate, please share any insight. As you further investigate this, you may want to look at the UK's requirements for APR calculation for consumer loans. A few nice features: 1. All cash flows which are non-optional from the borrower's perspective are included. This includes one-time registration fees. 2. The rate in annualised to make loans of different lengths easily to compare. 3. Advertisements must include the APR that 66% of borrowers who respond to that specific advert will get. For example, if you expect that a specific advert would generate 100 customers, and the resulting loan offer APRs would be evenly split between 20%, 25%, 30% and 100%, then you would quote 30% APR on your advert. Excluding one-time registration fees from the APR and total cost illustration is IMO misleading if an ad is mainly targeting new borrowers. The same goes for weighting the APR by loan amount, as this weighted rated can be far from the APR for new borrowers (who, because they are more risky, will get smaller loans). I have no specific knowledge of your company, and my comments above apply equally to any consumer lending business. I like the presentation of your site, and will definitely use it when I'm at home. The reason I wanted RSS feeds is that I often take a bus to/from work, and the variable latency on my mobile connection makes it hard to skim different articles online. Syncing the newsblur app before I leave takes care of this problem. Yes, the Chinese government can interfere with or block VPNs whenever they want. However, don't discount the impact of bandwidth/peering issues on VPN performance. In most cases, I've found that VPN throughput over TCP (either PPTP or OpenVPN) is similar to HTTP throughput to the same host. You can test this yourself. Put a file on your VPN server, and try to retrieve it over HTTP. If you're worried that the latency is limiting the throughput, use wget to make several connections at the same time, and sum up the transfer speeds. Finally, you're right - there is no (technical) solution in the face of determined governmental interference. Accessing this site from China redirects me to http://e-go.com/geoblocked , which says "CONTENT NOT AVAILABLE. We're sorry, but this web site is not available in your country." Profit != Cash flow A business may be profitable (i.e. revenues greater than costs) but still have negative cash flow. Imagine I'm opening a chain of lemonade stands. I open a new stand each month, at a capital outlay of $3600. The stand will last me 3 years, so only $100 per month per stand shows up as a cost on my income statement. So, as long as each stand can make more than $100 per month per stand in operating profit (revenue, less cost of goods sold, less my staff etc.) from its first month onward, my business is profitable. My business would be profitable even if I were to open 1000 lemonade stands next month. However, it doesn't mean I have the $3.6m required. In short, IPO can be about funding growth. Profits can be a poor indicator of cash requirements if significant marketing costs or capital items (all of which cost real cash) are spread over time in the company's accounts. (The accounting treatment is useful, though, as it matches revenues to the costs which generated them, even if they were incurred much earlier.) This article only makes sense if Uber has monopoly power in the markets where it operates. If it is successful in its lobbying efforts, won't it be easier for Uber-like competitors to spring up? I realise there are network effects in a two-sided marketplace, but how strong is the lock-in on the drivers' or passengers' side? Wouldn't either use multiple services and go with the one which offers the best price at the time? I thought this would be an article about setting up PPTP and/or OpenVPN on a low end VPS. For anyone doing this for the first time, these shell scripts may be helpful: https://github.com/cwaffles/ezpptp https://github.com/cwaffles/ezopenvpn You don't need so much RAM for a VPN sever with a few users. You can get by with 128MB (or even less if you're ruthless), and get such servers for $7.50-$15.00 per year. Check out: http://www.lowendstock.com/ http://www.lowendbox.com/ http://www.lowendtalk.com/categories/offers I gave up using SOCKS, and now just use SSH to map a local port to a remote squid3 instance. This way my DNS queries are done on the VPS, and aren't subject to interference by my ISP. Out of curiosity - why not TunnelBlick on Mac? If part of your job is to create ideas within some domain, and you can't control exactly when said ideas will crystallize, should it matter whether you 'got' an idea whilst 'at work' rather than in the shower, or on the way to work? The line is difficult to draw precisely with legal language, so companies err on the side which protects them best (hoping employees will sign anyway, given they've already gone through the interview process and are likely to have similar terms at other employers). I started using TunnelBlick before I had heard of Viscosity. The UI isn't great but it was easy enough to install and configure. I will check out Viscosity, as I don't particularly like having to use the config files directly each time I want to make a small change. Do you know whether the performance (throughput, latency) differs between the two? I agree there has to be a happy medium. My point is that it's hard to draw that line precisely with legal language. So, employers will do what's easiest for them, given that most people don't push back, and the employer can afford to lose the few that decide not to take it. Although council tax is paid by tenants (as it's a tax on residents rather than owners) it impacts rents. The burden of council tax is thereby shared by both tenants and landlords. Two similar apartments on opposite sides of the same street can have significantly different market rents just because they are in different boroughs, and those boroughs have vastly different council taxes. The classic example in London used to be Wandsworth vs. Lambeth. Council tax, although based on properties, is meant to be a tax on residents, to put towards local services like police and rubbish collection. It was created after a previous tax (dubbed the 'poll tax'), which taxed each individual, regardless of the size of their abode, caused protests. Latest commit by tobybaier about 2 years ago Do you start with simple apps first, and then progress to more complex ones? Or do you just start cloning a complex app by doing one screen at a time? I presume from OP's username that his forename is Ziyad, which is an Arabic name. You could try DIDLogic ( http://www.didlogic.com/ ). I am a happy customer, as I can: - Rent an inbound number for each of the countries that are important to me - Set up multiple SIP accounts to use for outbound calls (much lower per minute rates than Skype or Rebtel) - Set up one or more of those SIP accounts to ring when I get an incoming call, even doing it in sequence if I want - Set the caller ID on outbound calls to whatever I want (e.g. my normal mobile number, or one of my rented incoming numbers) on a per-SIP-account basis I use GroundWire on iOS as my SIP client. There are cheaper options. GroundWire is great, in part because they use Push notifications, but this requires you to trust their server with your SIP credentials. In the UK, too, almost everyone has an electric kettle. The last one I had there drew 3kW (although strangely I couldn't find such a kettle for sale here in China, which also runs on 220-240V). Kettles have frequently been cited as the source of surges in power usage during the commercial breaks of popular TV shows. For example: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/5059904.stm There's a Chrome add-on which uses the Algolia API to do this. It adds a pop-out side bar showing the HN comments for the page/article you're currently reading. You must be on the page submitted, rather than on a comments page, though. An HN user is trying to tunnel IP over Facebook Chat, which is free (as in beer) to access on some mobile plans: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7256477 You'd have to have a really large part of the acquiring market, if you hope to get consumers to use your new card brand. The idea of Square doing tang seems similar to the idea of imo.im getting people to use their own IM network in preference to the popular third party ones they already support. It might be doable but there would need to be a hook for cardholders, like cash back, loyalty points, analytics etc. Interesting idea. A few obstacles we'd need to overcome: - Although SMS messages may be free/bundled for the mobile subscriber, they probably wouldn't be free for the other end (unless you set up the other end yourself, using another mobile device) - The latency for SMS seems to be high (at least in places where I've lived: UK and China). I'm not sure about in the US. If latency is an issue then maybe somehow increasing the 'MTU', i.e. sending lots of SMS at the same time, would make the throughput OK. On the other hand, maybe application-level gateways (email-to-SMS, web-to-SMS) would work better, albeit at the cost of flexibility. As others have said, this will depend on the specifics of your case (i.e. the employment and other agreements between you and the company). However, you implied a question about single/double trigger. If your contract mentions single trigger vesting, it _typically_ means that some/all of your equity vests on a sale of all or substantially all of the company. Double trigger vesting is similar, but would require a second event (usually your position being no longer available, e.g. if you were CTO and the acquirer didn't need two CTOs) to trigger vesting. Letting an entire apartment in New York for less than a month is illegal. Many listings on AirBnB are for entire apartments (as opposed to rooms within them), and they will likely result in rentals which are for less than a month. These points have been on the front page here many times. I don't think the data cited in the article would surprise anyone. More importantly, they don't add to the debate over existing laws. I'm not sure that the No one (I think) is suggesting that you start a business without the intention to make money. "estimated 31 billion pennies that are still in circulation" "The Finance Department of Canada estimates that melting down the metal from the pennies and reselling it in the industrial sector will bring in $42.5 million in revenue." So, they're going to buy $310m worth of pennies, melt them down, and sell them for $42.5m? That doesn't seem like a worthwhile exercise. Re-circulating the currency in larger denominations is the same as buying them back. In order for them to take 100 pennies out of circulation, they must compensate the owner with a dollar bill/coin (i.e. a larger denomination) or a dollar of bank credit. I understand that it might make sense to stop printing new pennies, but how does the central bank benefit by taking the _existing_ pennies out of circulation, assuming the scrap value of the metal is less than the pennies' face value? (If the scrap value were higher than the face value, presumably the private sector would take the pennies out of circulation, and no government action would be required.) The title is misleading. Differences in the _mean_ time available for leisure can be the result of (i) shorter hours worked by those who are fully employed, or (ii) more people who are underemployed (working less than they/society would like). If all middle class people were to work 50 hours per week, and 50% of poor people were to work 2 jobs (80 hours per week), whilst the remainder were unable to find work, the mean leisure hours would show the middle class working longer hours. The median leisure hours of the two groups would be more useful. Ah... I think your point is similar to paulgb's: "So if the metal in 100 pennies is worth more than the metal in a loonie they make a profit." Is that what you mean? Yes, but it's what happens next that's interesting: party B melts the 100 1c coins, and sells the metal for scrap, receiving about 10c. You _can_ make progress without moving to China, but you need to have much more time and will power than most people can muster with work and other things. I know a guy in the UK who spends about 5-6 hours per week studying Chinese (3-4 hours on Skype with a tutor, plus time studying) and he's made steady progress. However, you've got to put in dedicated time outside your lessons to try composition, practice listening etc. Having said that, below are some resources worth investigating: Audio courses: - Pimsleur Mandarin (3 sets of 30 half-hour lessons. Available on CD.) - ChinesePod.com (short audio lessons based around different topics/tasks. Generous free trial last time I checked.) - http://popupchinese.com/ (similar to ChinesePod. Worth trying both.) - Clavis Sinica’s collection of short audio samples: http://clavisinica.com/voices.html Pronunciation/Pinyin: You really need to get your pinyin and tone pronunciation down. Just search google for 'learning pinyin' and you will find lots of free resources. There are three things worth trying to master here: - Pronunciation of each of the four tones (actually five, as there is also a neutral tone) - Pronunciation of each of the 21 initials (b, p, m, f etc., most of which are the same as English, but some, like x, z, c, zh are very different) and each of the 35 ‘finals’ (like -ong, -uang, -in etc.) - (later) Some words consist of more than one syllable, and there are some rules for when tones change based on the tone of the following syllable. Dictionary: - Pleco for iphone or Android: the free version is a must-have. There are bundles for additional functionality. The two additional functions I use(d) are the full-screen handwriting input (paid on iphone) and the spaced-repetition flashcard functionality (paid). This app is the reason I bought my first iOS device. - Nciku (online dictionary; search by pinyin or by writing the character) Reading/writing characters (probably work on some basic oral Chinese before doing this): - Skritter.com (subscription-based service best used with a mouse or Wacom tablet; doesn’t work well with a laptop touchpad) - Book: http://www.amazon.com/Reading-Writing-Chinese-Simplified-Cha... Correct, unless you can see some benefit in letting them know your current salary. It's hard to think of a good reason, unless you're overpaid at your current job. Small nitpick: "generates more in revenues from sales than it costs in customer acquisition, it's still a net win" This statement ignores the marginal cost of sales. In your oil change example I have to deduct the cost of the oil from my revenue, before I compare it with customer acquisition cost. (Of course, attribution of new customers to particular sources is not always easy, either, particularly if you might have gotten that customer even if you had ceased to advertise.) If you want to learn about accounting from fundamentals up, I recommend Frank Wood's Business Accounting 1: http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d/0273712128?pc_redir=13981155... For more advanced topics, the 3rd party study guides for the major accounting qualifications are pretty good. Try searching Amazon for 'BPP CIMA'. Note: these are resources focused on accounting. If you are interested in finance, then you could do worse than starting with Brealey & Myers: http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00DDML9U2 "it was common for gas stations to let you pull up and start pumping without any payment whatsoever" That's how it works in the UK. In many stations (at least in London) one of the people at the cash register has to press a button, but they do this after seeing you and (I guess) after they've confirmed that the number plate was correctly OCR'd. "In any case, both of those still require having the Android device registered with a Google account." Not exactly. They require having _an_ Android device registered. As long as you've once registered a device, it will stay associated with your account. It doesn't have to be the same device as the one onto which you want to install the downloaded APK. Wow, I had no idea about the spyware. I learned about Evozi from: http://www.labnol.org/internet/download-apk-from-google-play... That labnol site has some great tips, and is well written, so I trust things I find there. If Netflix were to make their users' devices upload as much data as they download (even junk data which would be discarded at by their edge routers), would they solve the problem of the in/out data imbalance, and thereby be able to take advantage of free peering (with no bandwidth cap) with Comcast? I suspect this wouldn't be the case, and the outcome would still be about their bargaining position and the negotiation process. Can anyone with knowledge of these types of negotiations comment? The point of destroying is presumably that you don't pay whilst you're sleeping, or otherwise not using the server. Re: data, you can (optionally) do a wipe when you destroy a DO, but you could just delete the logs or turn off logging, which would be faster. Having said that, I'm not sure what in the logs would be harmful to you. Lenovo didn't do it from scratch. Lenovo bought IBM's PC business. I'm curious: how did you get over the chicken-and-egg problem when you launched this? How did you seed it with restaurant menus in order to attract your first users? Was there (and when?) a tipping point when you had enough eyeballs that restaurants started to add their own menus? Is part of your point here that these engineers, having made a stack of money, will be more inclined to take a risk (to found/fund/build the next big thing)? i.e. that the reason the exit is important is less that it's a signal about what's possible, and more that it creates freedom for those who might otherwise take a 'safe' job? How can URX lock in customers? It seems like their deep linking method could be replicated easily (i.e. someone could build a site which generates deep links on demand, in the same way as URX does, even using the existing designed-for-URX tags in the HTML of the source page). Is omnilink just part of their strategy? I agree with the sentiment (and you've seen how small and light my scooter is) but I can totally understand why people buy larger/stronger vehicles for safety. Unfortunately, it becomes an arms race: I'd feel perfectly safe in one of those egg cars if _everyone_ had one. As it is, though, I'd be really worried about driving one because I would be more vulnerable than in a traditional car, but much less able to take evasive action to avoid collisions (vs. my scooter). Having said that, I'm writing this on the bus, which can take me to most places in Beijing if I'm not in a hurry. Beijing also has: - inexpensive (relative to the West) taxis - great taxi-hailing apps - good private hire apps (and Uber launched a limited service here last week, although I have yet to try it.) Re: automated driving, the main roads here are pretty wide compared to those in European cities, so perhaps it wouldn't be so bad. I don't know how a computer would deal with a physical confrontation after a minor accident, though. Yes, but how can you tether your tablet/PC to the VPN connection established on your phone? When I click an omnilink on my iPhone, and I don't have the relevant app installed, I am shown a dialogue box 'Safari cannot open the page because the address is invalid'. However, it goes away in less than a second (before I have time to react and click 'OK'), and I'm taken to the relevant web page. I guess that's the intended behaviour. Is it true that the government doesn't allow them to operate? My understanding is that, if these companies were to operate within China's laws and regulations, particularly as they relate to censorship of user-generated content, they would be allowed to operate. Sina (a 'Chinese' internet company) was recently the target of regulatory action (suspension of a key licence) because they fell foul of those censorship laws. Action isn't targeted solely at non-Chinese companies. However, non-Chinese companies are less likely to want to comply (either due to the cost/complexity of doing so, or because to do so would be at odds with their core mission). As an example of a company with a different approach, look at LinkedIn, which recently launched a Chinese interface to target mainland Chinese users. The retailer featured (Diamond Candles) had an interview on Mixergy: http://mixergy.com/justin-winter-diamond-candles-interview/ I think most of the people using the geo feature are looking to flirt or hook up. However, even in Sanlitun, I would imagine most people are using it for the same purposes elsewhere: 1. Checking where a group of friends is meeting or telling them they'll be a few mins late. 2. Sending groups of friends photos they've just taken of themselves and/or food. 3. Ordering taxis, which they will later pay for using the wechat payment feature, as that way both the passenger and taxi driver get a small subsidy from Tencent. I always thought 陌陌 was only a hookup app, but was recently told that it started as a way to connect people with common interests (e.g. I could use it to find nearby python users or nearby HN users.) I'm scared to install it! "They have a stealth 'target vertical' shopping experience that's developing right now in the Bay Area" Can you provide any more information on this, or pointers to sources? I'm v curious. Or to '0987654321', or a series of '1's "To enter a Chinese character, you type its pronunciation and then select the desired character from a on-screen menu." Not everyone uses a phonetic typing method. Many people use wubi (五笔) which is based on the structure of the characters. Although this still uses a QWERTY keyboard, I suspect it doesn't help make people more familiar with the roman letters (in terms of memory, or mapping letters to English sounds). Dan Harris wrote some interesting articles about the VIE structures (aka Sina structure). If you're interested, a good place to start is here: http://www.chinalawblog.com/2013/06/buying-into-a-china-vie-... From the article: "Average home prices, meanwhile, rose 0.1% in April from March and 9.1% from a year earlier." It's worth skimming the (still incomplete) paper rather than just reading the article. The article misses a key point made in the paper: repeat purchases by 'harbingers' was found to be an informative feature, in predicting whether or not a new product would succeed. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2420600 Predictive, not just correlated. Isn't Moodle free software? Are you using something which is incompatible with the latest stable release (2.6.2)? Who would need to decide or take action, in order for you to upgrade? The title is misleading. From the Appetas blog: To focus on our new endeavors, we’ll be shutting down the Appetas service and working with our customers to transition their websites over to alternative platforms. I don't know how many customers they have, but this is really nice: We’ll be reaching out to each customer individually to ensure a smooth transition. Does anyone know why the maximum MicroSD capacity is listed as 32GB? 64GB cards work on my relatively old Huawei Android handset. It would be pretty inconvenient for me to have a phone without a camera now, even if I were happy to carry a separate camera. Even though I have an eye-fi card and can therefore wirelessly transfer photos from my camera to my phone, there are many use cases where it's too clunky or too impossible: 1. Scanning a barcode (e.g. a product bar code or a QR code to add a contact). 2. Sending time-sensitive photos over WeChat, e.g. my wife sent me some photos as she was standing in a fabric store in another continent, and I was instantly able to pick the one I wanted. 3. Video calling using Skype/Hangouts or similar 4. Adding a payment card to the Uber app tl;dr: Banks' revenue from credit cards is under threat from payment mechanisms which bypass them: - Paypal encourages bank transfers in some countries, to avoid cc interchange fees - Bitcoin - Telecoms operators' mobile payment services - Store-specific prepaid cards Furthermore, payments could become a loss leader for companies that make revenue from other sources (like ads or data). This would increase competition and further threaten banks' revenue from payments. EDIT: As dllthomas pointed out below, loss leader isn't the right term here. Payments could be cross-subsidised by other services (e.g. ads) which are enabled/enhanced by the data/relationships from payments. HN discussions on the original report: Some comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7754065 Zero comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7751352 As far as I can tell from their web site, the customer data doesn't leave the financial institution, and the ads appear only on communication from that institution (e.g. on the credit card statement). Can anyone who attended this comment on the content and, particularly, the reaction and questions from the audience? (It's already 9pm here in Beijing; the event was scheduled for 2pm-5pm.) Which frameworks are far better than Rails? I've used Flask and Django, and like Python due to the large ecosystem of general packages available via pip. However, I've heard that Rails developers can be super-productive due to the much much larger ecosystem of web-related gems. If a Rails developer were to move to another framework, which ones would you recommend and why? +1 for this approach if you need access from China. SOCKS won't help if you have poisoned DNS, so if using ssh you might want to run squid on your server, and use HTTP proxy instead. Re: using multiple ports for OpenVPN, I do this too, and it works well in conjunction with remote-random configured on the client side. In my experience using the same IP/port for OpenVPN for long periods of time can get that combo blocked after a few days. TCP seems to have better throughout than UDP for me, although this didn't used to be the case. He's talking at FUDCon (Fedora Users' and Developers' Conference) on the same topic next weekend: https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/FUDCon:Beijing_2014#Schedule Get a local 3G SIM card from China Unicom (中国联通). Just ask someone where the nearest store is. Subscribe to a VPN service (or rent a cheap VPS and set up your own). Install these apps on your phone: - Pleco (chinese dictionary) - Baidu Maps (百度地图) - WeChat (微信) Email me (address in profile) if you want specific advice on VPN etc. or if you want to grab a beer in Beijing Whitelisting sounds appealing. I was going to say that it wouldn't be effective due to the ease of faking caller ID. However, I must admit that wouldn't be a big deal unless the scammer already knew one of the numbers on your whitelist. A bigger problem, though, is that I'd like to accept some calls from strange numbers, like couriers trying to deliver something, or emergency calls from loved ones, or customer service reps calling me back about something. For whitelisting to be effective, we'd have to change other things about the way the phone network and its participants work. BTW if all your friends also turned their phones off except when they wanted to call someone, you'd seldom be able to reach them, unless you happened to call just before/after they had made a call. The economics term 'inferior good' refers to one which has negative income elasticity of demand, i.e. a good for which an individual's demand falls as their income rises. Of course, which goods are inferior will vary depending on where you are on the scale. Someone may consume more margarine as they become more affluent, but at some point they may switch to butter or an olive-based spread. At this point in the scale, margarine has a negative income elasticity of demand. Maybe they're A/B testing the page, but when I go to their home page (with or without the www), most of the page is taken up with an image announcing the acquisition: https://d13l276seps7jd.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/201... Do you know any websites that figure out the cheapest combination of tickets to get you to your destination? There's an app for that: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/tickety-split/id513845919?mt... Mobile web version: http://splitticket.moneysavingexpert.com/tool.php Guide: http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/travel/cheap-train-tickets Don't they all just work on published walk-up fares? I must confess I've never used the app. I just read about it in the MSE email newsletter. I grew up in London, and didn't often have reason to take a long distance train. I have a vague childhood memory of discovering that London and England weren't synonymous. database containing encrypted passwords Does anyone know whether they used per-user salt? I'm assuming they meant hashed rather than encrypted. If they were actually encrypted, then it's strange that they didn't say whether the key to decrypt them was also stolen. He's trying to avoid a 'thin content' penalty :) This sounds similar to the mortgage market in the UK. Longer term fixed rates exist but the rate reflects the yield curve over the fixed period (not just current spot rates) and there is usually a large redemption penalty. For example, if you sign up for a 4-year fixed rate deal, there might be a redemption penalty of 4% if you close it out in year 1, 3% in year 2 etc. Are you sure? I thought regulation-specific stuff like this was baked into the firmware via flags that checked the hardware model number. For example: my iPhone 5, which I bought in China, cannot make or receive voice-only FaceTime calls. Even if I am in the US, using a US SIM, this is the case. It's not related to the GPS or cell tower location, or to the time zone. The complaint covers at least two (areas): 1. PACER end-user pricing is above the cost of providing the service. 2. There are regulations in place which prevent or impede companies from being represented by themselves (or, I guess, their officers/employees?) in court, thus giving lawyers a monopoly. The American Bar Association is listed as a defendant in the suit. @thinkcomp I'm curious what outcome you are hoping for, and how high the chance you think achieving that is? Hmmm... that would entail you going short when they go long. However, the potential payoffs from going short are asymmetric, with theoretical unlimited downside risk. How would you deal with that, or would you try to execute through options? Will you pull existing recommendations from StockTwits and Seeking Alpha? Or will stock-pickers have to sign up on Nvest before you will track their recommendations? Maybe import all of the posts, tickers and dates, and then get the user to manually go through and tag each one as buy/sell/hold, and enter the target price. It's not perfect, but it might reduce the friction as you solve the chicken and egg problem. The first example of a monopsony I was taught at school was that of the market for teachers if all schools are run by the state. Then teachers can only be employed by the state (if they want to remain teachers). I'm only listing the ones which come to mind immediately. There are others (particularly apps with one-off up-front payments) which I don't use regularly and turned out not to be important to me. One-off (paid or freemium): Pleco (Chinese dictionary with paid flashcard functionality) Groundwire (SIP client for iOS, including Push notifications) GoodReader (PDF reader and organizer for iOS) Pushover (trigger iOS push notifications from email, IFTTT etc.) MindNode (iOS mind-mapping) BubbleUPnp (Android DLNA server) SnappyCam Pro (iOS camera) Cycloramic Pro (iOS camera) Regular payments: Pandora (streaming radio) Several different virtual servers (for web apps and VPN) Newsblur (RSS reader) DIDLogic (monthly fee to get an inbound local phone number) The Economist (print subscription includes online/app access) Usage-based fees: Rebtel (outbound phone calls) DIDLogic (outbound phone calls) Pivot Tables are even easier to construct and use than these functions. They calculate things like averages, counts and sums for lots of dimensions really quickly. If you don't like the Pivot Table layout, you can use easily construct formulae to pull the relevant values from a Pivot Table into whatever format you want. You still get the speed of calculation/refresh and, if you label your fields well, have formulae which you can copy-paste across a large area, making the sheet easy to inspect and reason about. "formula results that got turned into static data" This hints at one of the sources of problems with Excel. One good approach to using Excel is to always be in one of two modes: changing the structure (equivalent to coding) and entering values (equivalent to using software). Of course, at the early stages of designing something you will be entering lots of dummy values (e.g. ARPU) to check that your formulae work. However, many people don't distinguish between collections (rows, columns or other contiguous areas) of cells which _should_ contain values, and those which should contain formulae. I, like many, prefer to indicate input cells with a yellow or orange background, so that I know everything else is a formula. You can do even better: - If you're done designing a spreadsheet, and expect to use it for a production process, then mark the input cells as unlocked, and protect all the sheets. Then the end user won't be able to mess up the formulae. - Always write formulae in a way that they can be copied across or down whilst pointing to the right places. This can be achieved through use of one or more $ signs to fix a reference. I've seen a fair number of spreadsheets where there are a large number of similar formulae, but they have been entered/adjusted manually. This is fine only if you never make mistakes, and if no one else needs to change the formulae later or verify they are correct. My point is that "formula results that got turned into static data" can be avoided with just a few easy rules. However, most people aren't taught these rules :( Sadly, most people don't use this feature, and are content to show values using the default format, even if it results in values displayed as 12904819.23 (which might be better displayed as 12.9m or 12.90m). FlyerTalk would be a better place for this question. For example this post from 2012 looks useful. Things may have become cheaper/better since then: http://www.flyertalk.com/forum/asia/1418244-taiwan-pre-paid-... You should also check: - can your iPhone 5s operate with GSM using a SIM card? (Just google the exact model number) - is your phone locked to Verizon (call Verizon to check and, if so, to request that they unlock it) Vignette StoryServer, a CMS from back in the day, had commas in all (or almost all) the URLs it generated. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/StoryServer To measure out solids, you should be using a kitchen scale, but Fannie Farmer's legacy lives on: http://roadside-attraction.com/why-i-hate-measuring-cups-and... For those who didn't click the link, the classic example of price discrimination is movie tickets. There is one price for adults, and another for children, even though the costs to the cinema are the same either way. Yes, the ability to separate markets and thereby price discriminate will increase producer profits. Yes, this will sometimes make otherwise unviable products viable. However, this is not always the case. In the case of textbooks, I would suspect that, if producers could not discriminate, they would price at roughly the 'Western' price, and people in low income countries would be unable to afford a licensed copy of these books. Perhaps we would save a small percentage, but not much. Answer: Adverse selection. If you charge 2x your normal rate for some class of clients (e.g. startups) with no other changes in how you source or engage with clients, then you may end up with only those startup clients who were not going to pay you anyway. The guys who would have paid you will baulk at the 2x fee. Those who accept don't care that the fee is 2x, as they weren't going to pay anyway. There's no substitute to doing due diligence and limiting the risk (e.g. through contracts and short payment cycles, as others have said). No. The stock market isn't a closed system. The movements of capital and prices in the stock market impact capital allocation overall. Hence the arguments that HFTs that provide liquidity benefit the market because liquidity enables a larger pool of firms to seek listings or issue equity or debt. "As they'd most likely just raise prices to cover the new operating costs." If they could raise prices to completely offset an increase in costs, they would have done that already, and have higher profits as a result. They may raise prices, but it will not be revenue-neutral of profit-neutral for them. The two examples are not equivalent. One is about whether or not a contract is formed, which requires specific steps under English law (roughly: offer, acceptance and consideration). The other (consent to receive spam emails) has nothing to do with contract law. This is awesome. You should update the FAQ page: "Currently iOS does not offer support in browsers for services like appear.in. We are working on exploring how we can make appear.in available for iOS. To be the first to be notified when it is available, you can sign up here ( http://eepurl.com/N8Bez )." If two iPhone users, each behind a different NAT router with upnp enabled, use this to converse, will the media stream go directly between them, or via an appear.in server? If you access HN via hn.premii.com (great for mobile access) then there's a Show HN link. Zig Ziglar's 'Secrets of closing the sale': http://www.amazon.com/Secrets-Closing-Sale-Zig-Ziglar/dp/080... At Oxford the first year exams (prelims or mods) don't count towards your final degree grade, but you can be kicked out for failing them. They own the domain mi.com, so perhaps just 'Mi'? That's easy to pronounce. For anyone planning to hack on this data with Python, you might find some kindred spirits at the Beijing Python Meetup this Monday June 9th: http://www.meetup.com/Beijing-Python/ How often have you had to re-install the boot loader and/or kexts? Each time you upgrade OS X, sometimes, or never? kushnick: the text you included with the submission is not displayed because HN displays the text of a submission only if there is no URL. kushnick's text is reproduced below: In the previous thread there was a discussion to give the details of how the phone companies were able to charge customers excess profits and get tax perks that were supposed to be used to upgrade the networks. This book -- link attached --- has a description of how we calculated the numbers -- though it was written in 2004 - the 20th anniversary of the break up of AT&T. We have a new book coming out where we update most of the stats, but essentially, the phone companies were able to claim -- en mass --that they were going to replace the copper wires with fiber starting in 1991, and from 1993-to about 2005 they did nothing (with some exceptions) but they were able to get state laws changed to do funding of the upgrades. No state ever went back and examined the commitment and got refunds—so all rate increases are based on the original ‘commitments’—and changes in the law. In 2005, after they closed the networks to direct competition they started to do new upgrades-- "FiOS-Verizon" and AT&T, which simply used the old copper wires, added some remote terminals and called it U-Verse. Yet, Verizon and AT&T were able to charge basic POTS customers -- phone customers in most states for upgrades-- again. -- even if they will never get it. Our new report on Verizon New York shows that the 'affiliate companies, such as Verizon Online or Verizon Wireless, are able to use the networks and get expenses paid for by regular phone companies-- even though Verizon had announced no more upgrades http://newnetworks.com/verizonfiostitle2/ The cringley numbers are also our stats. The one thing to keep in mind is that we've been tracking this since 1991-- and so every year the numbers are going to increase. ... thus differing amounts based on the date. No, it's not. For example, compare: http://hn.premii.com/#/comments/7861545/show-hn-tubelytics-r... with: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7861545 In the hn.premii.com link, the OP's text is shown below the URL. You can see s/he also added the same text as a comment, presumably because after realizing that the text was not displayed on news.ycombinator.com. It was hosted _by_ the University of Reading _at_ the Royal Society. https://royalsociety.org/venue-hire/ You can use Excel for more than many people think. For some great examples, and with only a single chapter at the end devoted to R, see Data Smart, by MailChimp's Chief Data Scientist: http://www.amazon.com/Data-Smart-Science-Transform-Informati... I consider my 'Sales Analyst' role an intro to data science. Essentially, we're collecting all types of data from different sources and producing reports on them. I know ... I'd be able to land a data science job ... but just don't have anything on my resume to qualify me. Who uses the reports you produce? What decisions do they make as a result? How often do they make these decisions? What is the impact? If you want to build on your current role as a way to become a data scientist, in your current company or elsewhere, perhaps you can look at ways to: - Generate recommendations based on the reports you've designed - Automate some decisions that are being made manually now - Figure out a way to influence additional teams who could/should use the data you're analysing In short: figure out a way to generate additional $$$ impact, or improve/automate an existing process which requires manual effort, so that those people can focus on stuff which cannot easily be automated. Do you think there's a market of people who'd like to read fiction if they had a comfortable option to do so? Can you be more specific about what market you're targeting? Kindle, iBooks, Google Play are all convenient options for downloading and reading fiction. Are you planning to differentiate on content, cost, delivery or something else? There's a flip side to this. Being less trackable means that any passive advertising or active marketing you do see is less tailored to your situation and needs. When I walk around I see many billboards advertising products for which I have no use (e.g. female hair care products). If tracking technology could replace those with things I actually might buy (even if male hair care products) then I would be a touch happier. The results of this API call include both the url (external) and the story text: http://hn.algolia.com/api/v1/items/7861545 No, I'm not sure. However, I suspect we have some way to go before ad tech gets good enough to creep me out. IANAL but I understand that this is required by law in China. If an employment contract contains a non-compete clause, the employer must may some agreed percentage of salary (I don't know what the minimum is, but the agreed proportion could be something like 50%) during the defined period of the non-compete. The employer can decide to end the period early, by notifying the employee. At this time they can also stop paying the x% of salary. Yup, and you could try to negotiate this with your prospective employer at the time of joining. It can also be worth asking whether they've ever invoked the non-compete for employees of your title/role. If the answer is 'no', they you might let it slide and focus on other aspects of the negotiation. I don't buy this. In the UK, there is usually only a single agent (acting for the seller) rather than two, and total commissions are _much_ lower than the 6% which I understand is standard in the US. Furthermore, commissions are negotiable, and the market for estate agents (what you call realtors) is competitive. There's nothing different about buyers/sellers needs that's fundamentally different in the USA. The high level (and lack of variance) in commissions has some reason. I'm not familiar enough to know whether it's some legislative/regulatory thing, or just historical (path dependence). However, I find it hard to imagine that realtors are adding 60k value to a 1m sale transaction. Anecdote: I had a friend who studied to get a realtor's licence in Canada, just so that they could avoid commissions on their own purchases. BTW - I upvoted you, although my perspective is pretty much opposite to yours :) Thanks for the additional detail. A few random thoughts which struck me as I read through: - it's hard to believe it's 3-5 months' work to sell a home (unless you mean duration rather than effort) - why does the 'brokerage' get so much? What value do they add, or is it just like taxi medallions? - yes, we all have to pay taxes - why do the no-frills brokers no longer exist? I've read elsewhere that full-service agents refused to steer their buyers to homes on offer by discount agents (to the detriments of the buyers they purported to represent) - why do realtors need licensing anyway? Nothing you've said suggests that the 6% is the result of a competitive market. Again, the strongest evidence is the large difference in commissions vs. those in other developed markets. Customer preferences for slower moving prices are just like customer preferences for lower prices. They must be traded off against customer preferences for availability. If prices didn't move then the market wouldn't clear, and some capacity or demand (at the current price) would be wasted. s/carpenter/cobbler You did. Perhaps my last sentence should have read: If prices didn't move fast enough in response to changes in demand/supply then the market wouldn't clear, and some capacity or demand (at the current price) would be wasted. s/education/credentials I was in an airline lounge at SFO a few days ago. Alongside the regular power sockets were USB charging outlets. I tried to use one to charge my iPhone, but the current (or voltage?) was so unstable that my touchscreen went haywire and the device was unusable, just like when using super-cheap mains->USB adapters. Yes, I've used wkhtmltopdf for that, but I don't think it works if the page requires authentication, or you want to check what happens if you have particular cookies set. I'm guessing it's using raw UDP tunneling on port 53, rather than tunneling IP over recursive DNS lookups through the ISP's DNS server. This is fast but doesn't work everywhere. I may have had bad luck, but I've not managed to get near those speeds when all I've had was access to a local DNS server, through which to connect to my iodine server. Does the 3699DKR price include Denmark's 25% VAT? Prices in the USA are quoted before sales tax. In Europe, advertised consumer prices generally include VAT. Also, I think you meant 'uninterested' (not interested) rather than 'disinterested' (free of bias). I don't think it's primarily the distance. It costs less than $200 to travel from Sofia to London by bus. This is less than half the median monthly income. However, getting a job in London or another city will take time, and the cost of essential services like accommodation and public transport will quickly add up. @dang As far as I can tell, the text _does_ make it in with the submission (i.e. it is stored) but it is not _displayed_. I'm reading HN on hn.premii.com (which uses the Algolia API) and I see both the submission URL and the submission text. BTW thanks for the awesome work you're doing on HN! offsite backups != offline backups Has anyone here switched from either of these, to OpenMediaVault? It's Debian-based, but didn't get much love when last posted on HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6048534 Thanks. I just googled and found a how-to post: http://forums.openmediavault.org/viewtopic.php?f=10&t=1260 Anyone using this method? It might be worth paying a lawyer for advice specific to your situation, but sometimes people pay lawyer (or consulting) rates for what is generic information about a particular topic. In the case of stock options, you may want to do some preparation so you know what questions you need to ask: 1. Read the paperwork to get a general sense of what you have been given. Make a bullet point summary of the rights (exercise date, price) and obligations (e.g. deadlines for exercise, or what happens if you leave). 2. Read a general introduction about stock options, like some of the content in 'Venture Deals' and/or the blog post that Alex wrote: http://blog.alexmaccaw.com/an-engineers-guide-to-stock-optio... You will also want to understand the tax implications of the grant, as there may be things you need to do now, in order to minimize your tax liability. IANAL but feel free to email me at the address in my profile Duplicate: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7921023 Amazon has a trade-in store: http://www.amazon.com/Trade-In/b?node=2242532011 Comps and competition. Three lines of enquiry to get started: 1. Compare between buyers (i.e. engage with multiple buyers so you can hopefully choose between competing offers) 2. Comparables 2a. look for recent sales of companies with similar size/trajectory) 2b. look at exit valuation ratios for companies in a similar industry ($ per engineer, price/earnings ration, $ per $revenue) 3. DCF (this is the first method of valuation taught to MBAs, but may not be much useful if your future cash flows are highly uncertain) It's not his apartment or building. He cannot force the building owner to replace the main entrance's lock. Terminate which lease? Let's say I rent an apartment from landlord A. We are cool. Now tenant B rents the apartment next door from landlord C, and promptly lists it on Airbnb. I am not a party to the contract between B and C, so can't do anything to terminate that lease. My landlord A hasn't done anything to breach our contract, so I have no grounds to terminate that. So I'm SOL. US government expenditure is more than $6.3 trillion. The $3.6 trillion you quoted is just federal spending, and does not include state and local spending: http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/total So, it's more like 50-something percent, not 100%. Also, some of the money would come back as sales tax etc., so the real impact would be less than 50%. For a list of resources, see a previous answer I wrote here: http://hn.algolia.com/#!/comment/forever/prefix/0/skritter%2... You _will_ need a teacher (native speaker) from the beginning, to correct your pronunciation (mainly tones) before you develop bad habits. That's great! How did you find and choose this particular guy? How much can someone who already has their own car make doing Lyft, UberX or Sidecar? It might be a good option for empty-nesters who need extra cash but don't want to sell assets or dip into pension pots. What do they sell? Search on LinkedIn to see what recent graduates of this university are currently doing. That will give you an objective sense of the available paths after graduation. People at eBay's online marketing department must be smart enough to realize that many of these ads were worthless to the company, yet it was worth it for them to empty the monthly budget on a list of generic keywords. I read somewhere that alleged cookie-stuffers claimed that eBay's staff knew about the cookie-stuffing all along, and encouraged it so long as it increased the sales attributed to their own work in courting affiliates. If true, these are both cases where incentive design (and measurement) are as important as people's skill with their craft. You can use computers to do some of the digging: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benford's_law#Accounting_fraud_... How is that annual 50k USD monitored/enforced now? If I have multiple bank accounts, will I be prevented from withdrawing a combined 50k from overseas ATMs? "...EdTech tools and products that claim to answer every problem they 'think' us teachers have" "...both sides of the community, both teachers and EdTech entrepreneurs" Aren't students part of this community? Are EdTech companies trying to solve problems for teachers, or for students? As what point do I pick up a chocolate bar and watch its price tag change in front of my eyes because the system knows I have a weak spot for Snickers? Here you're talking about price discrimination (separation of markets) rather than dynamic/surge/prime pricing within a single market. These are fundamentally different concepts. LG Optimus Fuel ($30 unlocked at Walmart, runs KitKat but has a tiny screen) Is this Straight Talk version unlocked? http://www.walmart.com/ip/Straight-Talk-LG-L34C-Optimus-Fuel... So, the bank will report these currency exchanges (including overseas ATM withdrawals from an RMB account) to some central authority like PBOC, who will then combine it with info from other banks, and thereby know if I've breached the annual limit? I agree it is of limited use, but I don't see a better way for a customer to quickly compare loans with different terms (e.g. 1 month or 6 months), whether from the same lender or different ones. The other thing people miss is that the cost of things like a credit report, staff time (underwriting, admin, collections) and bank fees don't vary with the size of the loan. 22 comments. 20 about usury/rates/APR. 2 about fake law firms (the subject of the article). This type of title loan is _much_ less common in the UK. DanBC may be suggesting that people can't _completely_ repay the loan, but instead need to keep refinancing it forever. Effectively they would just be paying interest and fees, the total amount of which would dwarf the initial capital, which would never be repaid. I don't think legal lenders typically do this. It's not nice, and it's not likely to generate positive word of mouth. I'm not sure where to buy the lenses in China. Would these work? http://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=38928988190 Yeah, I don't know what the purpose is of the cardboard device on taobao. The logos are for online video services, so maybe it's so you can watch stuff on a small screen but make it feel like you're in a cinema :) In case it's useful for anyone else: - Ring magnet 20mm x 4mm: http://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=23637980267 - Ring magnet 18mm x 4mm: http://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=17740389918 - Ceramic magnet 20mm x 3mm: http://item.taobao.com/item.htm?id=18786950677 Obviously, I only just ordered these so I have no idea whether these items will turn out to be suitable. There is a new listing on taobao for a plastic device which seems to be compatible with google cardboard. It costs about 25USD. http://tb.cn/eLdYpYy I'd be happy enough to pay for just the cut cardboard. The other parts and assembly are easy. Cutting the cardboard with a box-cutter is a bit annoying. I've cut everything except for the round/round-ish holes, which I plan to do with small stabbing motions. Or each of these companies could do it themselves. If you're not yet dominant in a market, then it makes sense to provide support (on your hardware+ROM) for the dominant player's APIs. Once you achieve dominance (in whichever geography/niche matters to you) you want to lock in app developers. I don't know how, e.g. Xiaomi, does this. However, it would be a reasonable strategy to first provide API compatibility for all important Play features, so that apps not targeting the platform 'just work'. Once app developers see Xiaomi as the primary platform (or at least one of the 'must support' ones) then you can create your own API definition for new stuff, knowing that developers will do the work to support your platform, but that this code won't necessarily work with your less powerful competitors' products. It seems to me only a matter of time before the incentive to create this gets high enough that someone actually does it. Yes, but it might be just another big company which does it, and in an 'all or nothing' fashion. In that case you would have a choice (Google or XBigCorp), but I'm guessing you really want to be able to mix and match, and have different parts of the Play APIs served by different apps/daemons/companies/whatever. You may also be interested in this teardown: http://www.arcfn.com/2012/10/a-dozen-usb-chargers-in-lab-app... The subsequent HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4706753 Duplicate? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7951853 Can you recommend a place to get these die-cut? The online quotation I got for laser-cutting is about 10 times that price. For that size of bonus, it's nice to work out the net amount after tax, and hand the employee cash. e.g. if you want to give a 500USD spot bonus, then gross it up to 800 or whatever pre-tax, and hand them 500USD cash in an envelope. I'm curious - do you use a single company for call termination, or have multiple routes to optimise the cost? Check out the UI for 'webcall' at didlogic.com. I use this service for the exact use case you're targeting, but it's a slight pain because: 1) I have to use Safari instead of an app, so it can't interact with my phone's address book. So I have to copy-paste the two phone numbers. 2) I almost always have to log in each time I use it, because the auth session has timed out. 3) I have to zoom in/out as it's not mobile optimised. If you could offer the same quality and price as didlogic.com, but with a convenient app interface, that would be awesome. Whilst we're talking about virtual calling cards, Rebtel is the best implementation of this I've seen. There are at least three ways to use the service: 1) The way you described: call a local number, then dial your desired phone number. It uses caller ID for authentication. Not perfect, as it can be spoofed, but likely not an issue. 2) You go online and enter the phone numbers of several people you call often. For each, the system allocates you a local phone number. So, e.g. when I call a specific local (Beijing) number, my mum's phone (in London) will ring. No PINs or double-dialing. 3) Like (2) BUT using their app and a data connection (even a slow one) you just dial the number (or choose from your address book) and their app does everything for you. 2 & 3 work because you already registered your mobile number with them. When you dial one of their local access numbers, they can combine those two pieces of information to look up where the call should go. The call quality is great. It's a little more expensive than didlogic.com, but cheaper than Skype. Have a coffee just before Have a cup of coffee just before you take a nap. The caffeine will kick in at around the same time your 20-min alarm goes off. More info on these protections here: http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/shopping/section75-protect-... You may be right. I read that tip somewhere a few years ago, and it worked the times I tried it. It could have been the placebo effect or just coincidence, and I didn't try napping without it. Wow - the second post about Grooveshark to hit the front page today. The other one was deleted by the poster: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7975137 More info here: http://500.co/invest "To learn more about our fund offerings, please provide us with some information about yourself and your interests ... If you are selected, you will receive access to our investor presentation and related fund materials via SeedInvest..." In prev discussion (id=7972941) many discussed mixing new and top posts and how they should be visually differentiated, etc. But there may be a simpler solution. First, make “new” page default for registered HN users, “front” page for visitors not logged into HN Yes, but having separate 'new' and 'home' pages would still incentivise me to mainly look at the home page, and ignore all new posts. I like the idea of mixing 'new' and 'top' posts on a single page, without any specific visual cues to differentiate them (except age, # comments, # votes) since they have to if flagged down Do they abide by this rule 100%? How is it monitored or enforced? The closest equivalent to boletos in the UK are payment agents: https://www.paypoint.com/en-gb http://www.payzone.co.uk/ I don't believe the numbering is unique to specific bill, but to a specific account, e.g. I'd use the same identifier each time I paid by gas bill. Thanks! I tried it and it is indeed similar to what I had in mind. You could do it in a revenue-neutral way by distributing the additional parking fees directly to poorer people. This could make allocation more efficient whilst redistributing money from richer drivers to poorer non-drivers, whilst being neutral for poorer drivers and richer non-drivers. Scalpers do create value. After a complete scalping transaction: - the original ticket purchaser is happier with the cash received than with the ticket they had before - the final ticket purchaser is happier with the ticket than with the cash they paid - the scalper is happy with his/her profit - the promoter's/venue's revenue is unaffected So, three people are better off. Value has been created. I see your point. However, many times people buy tickets to a show because they intend to go, but then something comes up, or their financial situation changes, or demand outstrips supply to the extent that the open market price exceeds the value to them. That's the situation I was imagining when I wrote my post. My original post has as many comments as downvotes, which I take to mean it wasn't a useless post, but that people disagree that scalpers add value. The funny thing is, I would prefer a world without scalpers, and in which I had an equal chance to buy underpriced tickets. If I were rich, I would probably prefer the current situation, or one in which tickets were priced dynamically, like plane tickets are now. I'm not willing to pay more than face value for tickets so, if scalpers didn't exist, I would be better off. I'd have an x% chance (where x There are rich people who are willing to pay up to 4x face value. They are very happy to pay 2x face value and get to go to every show they want. Without scalpers, they would pay less per show, but would totally miss out on some shows. The scalper benefits those guys, at the expense of guys like me. It's not true that the scalper benefits nobody but themselves . No, because the final ticket purchaser would have been even happier with the ticket plus the extra cash he would have had if he had not needed to buy from the scalper But in my example, he wouldn't have gotten the ticket at all. The ticket would have been had by someone like me, who was barely willing to pay the face value, but was lucky enough to get one of the limited supply of tickets when they were released for sale. and/or the venue or promoter would have been happier with the extra money that is instead taken by the scalper But in my example the venue or promoter has already set the price lower than the market-clearing price. If s/he hadn't done that, then the scalper would not have popped into existence, as the market would already have cleared. the idea that a sales tax is regressive is simply an artifact of your measurement period But people have finite lifespans. When all is said and done, who do you think will have paid more sales tax (and VAT) as a proportion of their total income: A) Bill Gates B) Me Before you answer, please also imagine an alternate world in which Bill Gates isn't so generous, and in which there are no estate taxes. Yes, but now you're bringing Bill's descendants into the discussion. I agree with your extension of the term regressive to include an arbitrarily long time frame, but I don't buy the inclusion of an abitrarily long line of descendants. On your other point, I'm not complaining. I was just stating the fact that I will pay more sales tax (as a proportion of my lifetime income) than a richer person like Bill Gates. So, by the common definition of 'regressive tax', sales tax is a regressive tax. I'm not saying this is good or bad or neutral. Just that it is so, by definition. (BTW I don't like the term regressive tax, because the term 'regressive' sounds intuitively negative.) The standard rate of VAT in the UK is 20%. Tampons are subject to a reduced rate of only 5%. Being based outside of the UK wouldn't save you much VAT. Visit this page and scroll down to the 'Health' section: https://www.gov.uk/rates-of-vat-on-different-goods-and-servi... The question specifies co-founder. It doesn't specify CEO/CTO. This was originally posted on Wired's 'Innovation Insights': http://insights.wired.com/profiles/blogs/how-many-spreadshee... "Innovation Insights is a community blog ... Joining in has never been easier ... Sign up, and you are already set up as a contributor who can post blogs and more." Do investors usually impose requirements on tracking certain metrics vs what you said in your plan over time? Some Private Equity investors have a standard set of metrics they like to track across all portfolio companies. Some of them will be key figures from financial statements (P&L/BS/CF). Others will be financial ratios. Others will be specific to the types of business they invest in (e.g. ARPPU if they're investing in SaaS businesses). Still others will be non-financial (e.g. headcount grouped by function, change from the previous month in each function, overall staff turnover). Once you are close to firming up your business model, having a financial plan, and tracking progress against it every month, is really useful. For a simple hybrid app (HTML5/JS/CSS packaged with Cordova) is there a reason to use famo.us instead of ionic? Eh? I can run XBMC on my MacBook Pro, mirror to AppleTV using the feature built in to OS X, and watch video on my TV without dragging my laptop to the living room. I bought a Moto E, and am running the stock firmware (Android 4.4.3). I can't use Google Cardboard because the device doesn't have the sensors to detect movement or the magnetic 'tap'. I can't use GoShow (which seems to be the most popular app for watching 3D video) because it crashes. Today I finally had a reason to buy a Chromecast, until I saw no Moto devices are on the list of supported devices. :( > The Moto E is really a low-end device, with a relatively weak CPU Yes. Low-end CPU I can handle, as it's still turing-complete :) It hadn't occurred to me that I would soon want to use apps that require a compass and gyroscope :( If, like me, you didn't understand the difference between tengine and OpenResty, see here: https://github.com/openresty/ngx_openresty/issues/54 s/monopoly/monopsony I don't think the parent comment was saying that $1/month attracts _only_ pathological customers. Like you, I have a bunch of $1/month servers used for different things (mostly VPN, as I live in a country where many web sites are blocked), and have had mostly good experiences. I have also had bad experiences (providers going out of business without warning, servers down for a week with no email response etc.). You are right - always have backups and a backup plan. The overconfidence/underconfidence issue is similar to that expressed in the book 'How to measure anything'. The author claims to have trained people to become better estimators, by presenting them estimation challenges, and providing feedback about how often the actual value was within their stated range. IIRC people were asked to present a range for which they were 80% confident. If the answer was within the range too often (e.g. 90%) then their ranges were too wide, and if not often enough, they were overconfident. Over time, most subjects improved their calibration. I started (yesterday) working on a simple web app to train people in this way. It's not yet ready to try out, but you can bookmark it here: https://github.com/rahimnathwani/measure-anything Not _all_ providers listed on LEB are unreliable or unprofessional. My favourite VPS provider is one I found on LEB. They have fantastic routes to mainland China, which means I get ping times of ~85ms vs. at least 250ms with Digital Ocean. Is there an existing dataset showing the mean (or, better, median) price paid (net of discounts) by students for each combination of college, course and matriculation year?