"Moreover, you're forced to write artificially short routines, routines of a length that research has shown to have a higher defect ratio" [citation needed] So far I've only seen advice to write shorter routines. Oh, no, no more ads please. I will gladly pay just not to have something taking the real estate of my screen and trying to interrupt. I am with 37signals take on this: asking money for your work IS ok! http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1615-how-did-the-web-lose... And before jumping either to CSS hacks or CC remember that often there are ways to avoid hacks altogether. As Andy Budd once told at his talk at @media conference in London it is so sad that too many webdevs think that CSS hacks is the normal way to do things. They are not. Instead of thinking "what hack shoul I use to fix it?" one should first think "how can I rework it to fix it in IE without hacks?". When there are no hacks there is no problem of "where do I put my hacks in?" to solve. I think I have used only one hack: _width to solve broken box model in IE5 (which is no longer relevant. And I don't count setting display: inline on float to avoid double margin bug in IE6 as a hack.) I just wonder how many 5 years business plans written in 2007 had "the global financial crisis" item in them. So much of planning. Flying with your eyes covered by a paper with some wishful thinking on it isn't any better. What? Some random guys put nonsense like "37 signals is not committed blah blah blah" and 37signals should be polite with those bastards? And in case you missed the news, 37signals' main income is not ads on their blog, they have pretty successful web app business. Posting that for "generating page views" sounds ridiculous if you know at least a bit about the company which posted it. For startes GetSatisfaction accused 37s of not caring for their customers. Publicly. I think it takes a malicious amount of ignorance to come up with the text they did. And this is hardly an open letter, reads more like PR spin. I think they've missed "Internet Explorer 8.1 leaked": http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/03/31/breaking-internet... Though technically that would be March 31st fools… Far from it. Daring Fireball—best writing abbout all things Apple you can find on the net. When I see DF post marked with a star in my RSS reader I know that high quality read waits for me, with some work, thought and insight put into it. Or maybe I am just a DF fanboy… Speed is very important. However: how much time does server spend running your Ruby code? I think I saw somewhere it is about 5% of the request time. There is DB, network latency, all the client side cruft (twitter did not get even assets caching right yet). Article says they are leaving Ruby in place for the front end, so most likely they do understand where bottleneck is, and where it has nothing to do with a language. I just hope that other won't jump to porting their code without understanding the reasons. It should be pretty embarrassing to spend six month porting the codebase just to find out that reducing time server spends in your app code from 5% to 1% did not impact the overall speed of your site. It would be interesting to see more details about those queue processing problems they have though. Because acting this way assures that the problem will be noticed and acted upon. Private letter would achieve nothing at worst and maybe some tweaks to 37signals page on GS at best. Customers of the other companies would get the same confusing message making it easy to take GS pages as official support. As you can see I don't believe in GetSatissfaction "mistakes". All the design decisions (which eventually led to the trouble with 37s) they took look very logical. The same way why ease of use of something makes that something better (or more pleasant to work with). You can also try free http://www.virtualbox.org/ from Sun. Once again I am glad that Apple does not do what it supposedly "should" do. Current design has some advantages: namely your controls are always more or less in the same place. You don't have to reach in your pockets, grab around yourself looking where did you clip that damn shuffle — just grab the wire and you are done. Proposed design has more flaws than advantages, not to mention the cost of such interface. One guy named Steve Jobs once said, that design is not how it looks but how it works. He had a point. Funny you mention performance headaches that Ruby on Rails has. Someone actually benchmarked PHP frameworks against Ruby frameworks, and guess which were faster? Video is here: http://www.merbcamp.com/video/katz3.mp4 Slides are here: http://www.slideshare.net/wycats/merb-camp-keynote-presentat... They do not. CSS is for presentation, and presentation usually differs from site to site. That means that you either have to tweak a lot, in which case using framework does not make much sense, or you have a lot of unused code in your CSS which makes the "maintainability" point moot. In my view CSS frameworks are the crutch for CSS challenged (as WYSIWYG HTML editors are for code challenged) and should be avoided. I also have no idea how the word "Semantically" made its way to the title. So far from I have seen CSS frameworks add very little to the semantics, take more away, and are very likely to induce an acute case of clssitis to you HTML code. Not to mention "CSS reset" which I think was stupid idea from the very beginning. I am not talking about innovation. I am just saying that you dont need a framework for two column layout. Who talks about cutting edge? The simpler you design is, the more overhead you get from using a framework. I did like both books by Cederholm, so I also recommend Web Standards Solutions: The Markup and Style Handbook Interesting, Apple reports "almost" 29 billion in cash and best non-holidays quarter results in company's history. During the worst economic downturns in decades. The horror. How can you call images in that presentation porn? I might be offended by the word "bread". Is this my problem or anyone's using that word? One cannot please everyone, and there is no need to feel sorry _every_ time you fail at that. Remember infamous Danish cartoons? Do you think cartoonist had to apologize? Boy, did he offend someone… My point was, if someone is offended by that presentation, he (and I mean he ) should have his head examined. There are people that can be offended by most ridiculous things and I am not going to consider myself responsible for all their quirks. Too much fear to offend someone just dumbs us down, makes daring thing less likely (I think it has to be someone with DHH kind of personality to create RoR) and generally leads to kind of lukewarm relationships, hypocrisy and "thermal death" of society. I am all for solving real problems, not imaginary ones. I have seen quite a few women in IT, and it did not look like they had any problems with it (suffice to say one was the head of the whole IT organization I was working for, other three - heads of departments). All were judged by the competence, not their sex. It is interesting to see that the mere idea that _maybe_, just _maybe_ women in general are not inclined for this type of work (hint: dealing with abstractions, not real people and relations) is instantly rubber-stamped as sexist. I am going to stretch it here, but why isn't anyone fighting to right the underrepresentation of males among persons giving birth? And I don't buy the reality of some "feelings" that are so much on display in this case. Well, if fully dressed women make you uncomfortable, I cannot help there. I think he even had a post about how passphrase is better than a password. But I may be mistaken and I am just to lazy at the moment to search for it :( http://htmldog.com/ wasn't bad as far as I remember. Be careful with the books, do not pick "old-style" one, which pays no attention to web standards and semantics. I'd recommend "Web Standards Solutions: The Markup and Style Handbook" by Dan Cederholm ( http://astore.amazon.com/simplebits-20/detail/1590593812 ). Not exactly introductory, but worth reading. Those comments on perfectly obvious code look horrible. This should keep you away for a while: http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/06/rhinos-and-tigers.ht... You know, not too long ago Internet Explorer was regarded as dominant force on the web (98% after all), now (at least where I am) it is already on the edge of falling below 50% (last week's numbers are 51.5% of all IE versions combined). And yes Firefox pushed MS to refocus, which gave us IE7 and IE8–so what? Being the dominant force at the moment does not mean you will stay here for long. Unless you have a clear vision ahead. I fail to see any signs of that vision on MS side. It is interesting to think about dynamics of the mobile space: two years ago iPhone was not yet released, iPhone SDK is just over a year old and to work with it you have to learn the "exotic" Obj-C… "I'm not convinced games are really that important either, the case in point being Mac OS X users." Well, take a look what kind of apps take the top spots on AppStore. However the most amusing thing in this kind of discussion is a take on SDK. When Apple initially offered to develop apps using web technology it was greated with "booo". Now Palm says the same and it is greated with "Wow, cool". Go figure. I don't have twitter account and I am not going to get one. Whatever _useful_ twitter does other tools do better. And I am not interested in useless stuff it is most effective for. This is worth repeating: only small part of request lifetime is spent in application code so you should worry about performance of the programming language only if you profiled your app and saw, that this is indeed a bottleneck. Why wait, you can use parts of it today. Sure, IE may not get it, but it is called progressive enhancement for a reason. You don't have to work in public using github. That's the nice feature of DVCS — you can have it all your code for yourself and at the same time enjoy all the benefits of VCS. Using centralized system you don't have much choice - either you don't commit, or you commit and everybody sees your ugly code. With DVCS you can have your private branches and work on your code as long as you want. When you a happy with your work, just push it to the public repo (hosted on github for example). Even more, you can have a lots of tiny working commits and then "squash" them into one big and nice final commit. Linus was making fun of SVN in his talk ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XpnKHJAok8 ). One of his point was, that SVN chose the wrong way right from the start and there is no way to have "CVS done right" because CVS is hopeless by design. There is another point—international markets. I assume sooner or later Palm will want to expand to overseas. iPhone has it easy—it is all just software. How about Pre—will users be forced to memorize where the keys are, or will Palm incur cost of manufacturing different keyboards? Well, you can write fortran in Ruby, but it took DHH to show where it does shine. It is easy to underestimate the initial insight in hindsight "oh, that's obvious", but it only becomes obvious when someone does it. And does not definition of geniality has something on having that insight for the "obvious"? It's license, which covers packages on Pre: Apache Harmony, joda-time, google-rfc-2445, Fast MD5 implementation in Java, gdata-java-client , Apache Velocity project. PDF file says "device may contain" so I am not sure if everything listed is on device :) I agree with your first sentence but the point is that application acceptance to AppStore policy does not constitute entire platform. I am curious, why this part of the otherwise very nice platform is so screwed. "some great spin" is being put too mildly. Looks like they don't know what HTML5 is nor the state of its support in current browsers: pretty much all (but IE, of course) already have some support for it. Not sure how that makes minority of browsers, not to mention, that browsers on the new smartphones which are worth something are Webkit based—and that means support for HTML5. Apple specifically advertises HTML5 and CSS3 on its Safari webpage ( http://www.apple.com/safari/what-is.html ). I completely fail to see how the release of iPhone "helped to radically increase the number of phones with Flash support". If it did help something this is to realize that we can do just fine without Flash. So no, you don't need to wait ten years before HTML5 arrives, it is already on your doorstep (have you seen Google Wave?). There will be no wait, so "during that wait, Flash becomes more and more powerful" doesn't come to fruition. Adobe still cannot make Flash to run without hogging resources on anything but Windows, do they think I will buy this "more powerful" crap? I don't think that HTML5 will kill Flash though, but if it forces Flash out of the places there it does not belong (full flash sites, flash navigation, etc.) Web will be a better place and I will be a lot happier. They miss a big point when talking about fragmentation: one thing what HTML5 is trying to achieve is to standardize the things which browsers _already_ do, i.e. to document current behavior where it is consistent and to make it as consistent as possible if it is not. It is the work largely based on how web and browsers work _now_, so the result will be quite an opposite to fragmentation. I rarely can complain about this on my iPhone 3G, but if one is to believe Joe Hewitt (and why one shouldn't?), then it is indeed instant on 3GS: http://joehewitt.com/post/the-%22s%22-should-stand-for-smoot... And why exactly you cannot write free software for iPhone? html5 has xml serialization if you need that. The number of applications on AppStore shows, that developers cope just fine. Also it is very tough to compare technology and tool you are familiar with to the new ones without any bias. To be fair, trailing slashes were ignored all the time. By this I mean that treated properly with MIME text/html they would produce a bunch of ">" on your page — they have different meaning in SGML from that in XML. That's one of the reasons I stuck with HTML4.01 Strict: I don't like the idea that XHTML works in browsers simply because of the miss-implementation of a standard. Well, if you were using XHTML doctype for 7 years, then you were doing it wrong. Unless you served your pages with application/xhtml+xml MIME type, that is. Otherwise no browser did use XML parser for your pages and munched them with old good HTML/tag soup parser. BTW, HTML5 lets you include MathML even in HTML serialization. And remember, that Apple can use chips for decoding h.264 on iPhone and iPod Touch. That matters a lot. And I would recommend his another book "The Seven-Day weekend" even more. It was written later and ideas are better tested ant crystalized there. If "Maverick" leaves someone doubtful that this can be true then "The Seven-Day weekend" may convince those :) But anyway it takes some guts to run business this way. Not only it triggers standards mode, but that's the sole purpose of this declaration in HTML5 (well, strictly speaking you might want to use it for something else, but that may not be the best idea). If you serve your document with application/xhtml+xml you can omit it — this MIME type itself triggers standards mode so doctype becomes redundant. No, omitting version is intentional (and version number did not mean much in the past). HTML5 spec defines parsing algorithm what should be used for all html versions and will never require browsers to do anything different for different versions of html. If the future browser will be capable to parse HTML8 it will be able to parse HTML5 just fine. It may sound backwards but is it not. It is a broad topic and much can be said on this, but the short version is: it is always advisable to develop looking at more standards compliant browsers and then tweak it to work in IE. Usually it will take less effort. The reason for this is that IE let's you deviate more from standards, and then fixing it for other browsers will take more time. Also, other browsers albeit having own quirks are much more consistent – that means that if it works in Safari it is most likely to work in Firefox and Opera too. Of course IE does not support a lot of things other browsers do. Maybe it is time to weight you options there: are you sure you want site to look the same across all the browsers and is it worth the effort? Or can you live with simpler version for IE but gaining advantage of having to write and maintain less code? Highly recommended site ;) : http://dowebsitesneedtolookexactlythesameineverybrowser.com/ Why would he downplay that? And Gruber was never a blind Apple fanboy — when apple does BS, he calls it BS (just search for "shit sandwich" in the article and follow the link). I have a feeling that you completely missed the point there. Well if benchmark was against nighty build of chrome it would make more sense to benchmark with WebKit nightly. Drag and drop is present in HTML five and works in FF3.5, Safari4 and… Internet Explorer! It is actually based on MS implementation which was first introduced a while back in IE5. My list is jEdit (used on Linux), SmartCVS/SmartSVN (Linux/Win/OS X still get used sometimes, but much less - moved away to git/bzr), Azureus (on OS X, least used of them all thanks to Transmission and now uTorrent). What blunder are you talking about? HTML4.01 has DTD, XHTML1.0 has DTD, did it help in any way? Tag soup is already there and will stay for a long time. From all the specs so far HTML5 has the best description how to deal with it. First, not having DTD is not the same as not being able to validate: there is a validator for HTML5, validator.nu. You can also use XML serialization of HTML5 and XML tools to make sure your document is valid XML. Second, having means to validate markup does not mean that authors will care and do that: what portion of document having doctype with dtd slapped on top are actually valid? Good markup is not produced by tools, but by those who care. Where all these companies just put there for their names? Article just doesn't make sense. There is the talk by Jason from 37signals, where he specifically talks how he does not get this obsession with failing: http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1798-jasons-talk-at-big-o... No need for that. Mothers with toddlers usually have a little mobility and heightened desire to socialize — being online is about perfect way to do that. So, how many plans at the beginning of 2008 had recession in mind? My guess that no one was that "ignorant" and those who were were fired at the spot. So much consideration. Yeah, if you are in the business that does not depend on the market and other people, you can plan. Otherwise you are just guessing. BTW, HASH is default index type for MEMORY tables in MySQL. It was not found. Daily Express report was fiction: http://twitter.com/bnjacobs/status/2374782343 Bob Jacobs is NASA Deputy Assistant Administrator for Public Affairs. Think. Rocket launching from the Earth had to bring EVERYTHING up, had to fight six times greater gravity and atmosphere. Now do the calculations. No, there is no wind on the Moon cause there is no air. So? Take a rope and swing one end of it. You will see a nice wave going on. You can have waves without the wind. I hope when Zed is done with Python he will turn to Erlang. Now THEN will be the time to watch HN front page. I would not call relying on a hack to use third party (which is not at all interested to support you) software a solid business practice either. I now see the opposite effect: everyone is scared to look sexist so everyone ends up putting "she". Maybe we should call programmers "it"? It does, albeit too slow. According to our ranking site http://ranking.lt/ IE share felt below 50% for the first time. One should have in mind, that this is not stats from some geek/webdev site, but collected by online advertising company, so it is even more likely that the stats are skewed in favor of IE. DRM free Amazon music store was just a tool for the record industry to put pressure on Apple. Sadly this is true. I've removed his blog from my RSS reader quite a while ago. Seth Godin got ditched for the same reason :( Seth Godin has dropped the ball recently (imho), but talking about evolutionary angle there is one his book I highly recommend: "Survival is not enough". Somehow I get an impression that this book is undervalued. Or maybe it just me reading to much into it. I am not sure that consumers prefer netbooks. I still don't know anyone owning one. I must admin I don't believe in netbooks market—one part will be taken by smartphones, another by proper notebooks. Speaking of which: Apple's computers sales grew only by 4%, but notebook sales grew by 13%. Going into low-end, low-price and nonexistent margins market would be the sure way for Apple to die. Where do you see those numbers in Apple's press release? Or did they gave them in the press conference? If not, since when did NPD claims became Jobs RDF? Regarding best non-holiday quarter in company's entire history —it is not something to be shy about and not exactly cherry picking. Unless you did expect Apple to beat its best holiday quarter in ordinary quarter during recession? When you sign up for Vendor ID you sign under these words: Unauthorized use of assigned or unassigned USB Vendor ID Numbers and associated Product ID Numbers are strictly prohibited. http://www.usb.org/developers/vendor/VID_Only_Form_withCCAut... Would you find some random guy using you SSN (or equivalent if you are not from US) obectionable? It's not about what it is. It's about how would you feel if someone else would use it. Especially when it is clearly forbidden. I don't see how can it be more popular than iPhone/iPod Touch and successors. That bothers me too. I would not call myself AGW denier, more like agnostic with some inclination to believe, but this attitude that if you don't believe in god that makes you believe that the Earth is flat is just stupid. The whole GW issue to me looks most alike to faith from them all. speed does not kill, it's acceleration (o rather deceleration ) that does :) Was there ever a "X killer" that actually killed the X? I cannot think of one example. If something is branded that way, must be a loser already. True "X killers" are like ninjas that come unnoticed and unexpected. http://www.google.com/search?q=focus+groups+site:headrush.ty... I have ordered mine on March 11th and got them July 11th. Maybe already having millions of users does make technology a bit cooler? The title should be "I quit AT&T". Many mobile devices now use WebKit based browsers and easily kick IE's old ass. No, the point of email is not attachements or being paperless. It is the speed. I would not call making record profits in the same quarter when others report loses the lost war. Unless you are talking about market share. Apple indeed does sing the same song, only it is: "we choose profits over market share". Honestly, it took me this headline to recall that thing exist at all… The book on time travel describing model which made most sense to me for years: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Technicolor_Time_Machine This novel presents a clear use of the restricted action resolution of the Grandfather paradox. The actions of the characters can not have changed the past because the past is what their actions brought about. Javascript is not the most awful, it is the most misunderstood :) I am just confused as to what these iPhone converts are doing. That's exactly why iPhone is superior (so far): it is not about what , it is about how Btw, anyone downmoding me cares at least to say, which part you disagree with: do you think that Andoroid phones are superior, do you think it is not about how ; or both; or are you just not happy with the way things are? :) it is about user experience, not about style. Ok, imagine 12 hour transatlantic flight. What is about what you did — you flew across Atlantic. Then ther is the how part — it can be either in economy class with no legroom, crammed between to sweaty, drunk and snoring gentlemen or it can be in private jet. Is the difference between what and how any more clear now, or is is still vague? Update: I do not say that Android phones are economy class and iPhone is private jet. The point of the above is to explain what I meant by difference between what and how . Finally. Let's hope now the more meaningful race for quality high-ISO images will gain momentum. That's a funny rant considering that Opera is closed source and WebKit is opensource. In HTML5 that you can use any syntax you prefer. Whether you live in XMLland is defined solely by MIME type you use to serve your pages—if it is text/html then it is HTML serialization, if it is application/xhtml+xml only then capable browsers will switch to XHTML parsers. Of course this is the same story as with XHTML1.0 only in HTML5 case XHTML5 syntax does not pretend to be something it is not. The added benefit of HTML5 not being the child of SGML is that stupid controversy regarding "/>" which means completely different thing in SGML applications and XML is finaly resolved. Actually there are two different things—the parser and the rendering mode. The choice of the former depends solely on the MIME type—no matter that docypte you use if your page is served with text/html MIME it will be parsed by HTML parser. And keep in mind, that every slash in "/>" is treated as invalid attribute by this parser, so serving your XHTML page as text/html may be not the best idea. BTW, do "view source" of such page in Firefox 3 and you will see all slashes in red. And if you did happen to server XHTML with proper MIME there could well be the case that your page would take longer to load on Gecko HTML engine choses rendering mode (standards, almost standards, quirks) depending on DOCTYPE (for XHTML parser it is always standards mode). HTML engine must be always ready to recover from markup errors (and HTML5 does a good job describing what to do), XHTML parser can just die on the first error it encounters. The best upgrade for my Flash experience on Mac: http://rentzsch.github.com/clicktoflash/ Well, all those points were discussed and there are sound reasons why they are as they are in HTML5 Versioning — it just does not make any sense. Browsers render web content to their abilities, not by spec. Some my not support parts of HTML4 but support other parts from HTML five. No doctype — creators of HTML5 would be glad to get rid of it, alas, it is required to force browsers to use standards compliant rendering mode. Without doctype they fall back to quirks mode, which is bad. CSS — unified rendering would be nice, but that's not the subject of HTML spec. And reset stylesheets are just plain stupid. Self closing — historical reasons… :) Custom tags — what? You can invent any tags you like and modern browsers will allow you to style them. If you want custom tags, you don't need a spec. The point of the spec to define agreement on what which elements means. Custom attributes: HTML5 has that in the form of data-* attributes and elements get element.dataset accessor. Yeah, I have click to flash installed, so my first reaction was "what, flash?". It would be so nice to see it done with http://www.rgraph.net/ or something similar. touch somefile.txt Care to elaborate, which of the points are incorrect? How was using multitouch on that nice screen (half the resoliution of the iPhone and 35k colors only)? Was the WiFi integration seamless? How was browsing experience with mobile IE? Installing all those apps was an one click deal, right? Was distributing them a breeze too? Yes, you refer to many . I am too dumb to decipher that, can you name those many by numbers? What exactly is incorrect in my assumptions about the screen: is not 240x320 half the resolution of 480x320? Is not 16bit color space not as deep as 24bit? Did that HTC indeed have multitouch? How did that WiFi work seamlesly? Connected on demand to the known networks in the backround, without need for you to do anything? "Prety decent" can mean many things. But it does not mean that you could see the page looking exactly like it did on desktop. Not to mention JS and CSS support. Regarding apps: I am not talking about installing the app once it is on your phone. That's zero clicks on iPhone. I am talking about the whole experience. It mentions nokia, motorola and the other manufacturers as being unable to create such a innovative product like the iphone. It is not true. So they did make one? If they did not, how is that not true? You dismiss many of the point on the ground "existed, but maybe not as usable". That's exactly why iPhone became popular: because it made many of nice features actually usable for the John S. User, not only for John Geek. I think you have missed "quite" from the title, and this bit from the article: I hear two complaints most often when this talk comes up. The first is that eval() is dangerous. That usually means that we could take in some malicious code from a user and pass it into eval() where it would destroy our hard drive, or worse. Only, I'm not doing that. I made the variables here and user input is not involved. I think we're safe this time. _Full linux experience_ Sounds scary. That's exactly how internet is supposed to work. Or did you mean www? That is not the same. They are using http://www.apple.com/itms/ namespace, not the w3c one. It does not make much sense for XHTML1.1, but trying to validate their markup is not making any more sense either. atheist zombies Did ever something named "X killer" actually kill X? My favourite password: passphrase. Something like "some easy to remember phrase. With some punctuation and 1 or 2 numbers!" Either this, or derivative: "setrp.Wspa1||2n!". Psychology is yet to answer how brain is capable of simulating future, how does it work with time or just the "simple" question—why we sleep among other things. Kurzweil overestimates our understanding of how we work. And the guys who will have to maintain that promptly shipped code will say a lot of "wtf?" and waste 10x more time on it. Some of his books are not bad actually. At least I did like „Survival is not Enough“ and did agree with many things he says in „Permission Marketing“. His recent activity however is not interesting at all, I quit reading his blog long time ago: http://rimantas.com/en/archives/2008/04/29/bye-seth/ :) Iteresting, how new language will solve problems with have little to do with the language itself? I saw "lots of evidence" in lots of places, then I saw "there is some evidence" in some places, but I don't recall it going further than that. This is sad, because it makes the whole subject a matter of belief. Even worse, anyone having a bit dissident opinion is likely to be treated as nay-sayer, heretic and the enemy of the Earth. I don't see that as scientific way to tackle the problem. Does the judge have an Gmail account? I may want to send some sensative information there and the ask him how should I deal with that. Sometimes I want to retain my freedom not to have freedom in certain cases. Seems like not many know about sql_mode in MySQL :( http://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.1/en/server-sql-mode.html And the Earth is smoother than billiard ball: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2008/09/08/te... Proper protection in a car crash means two things: you must be safe from being crushed directly, and deceleration must be slow enough to keep you from internal organs injuries and injures to your neck. The first is taken care by firm safety cage of the car, and the controlled crumpling/deformation of the front of the car slows down the crash taking care of the second case. More time = less deceleration = less stress on your body. Sturdy cage only is not enough—you would not want to be dropped from sixth floor in metal safe, would you? The safe itself may survive the impact "without a scratch", but that would not help you much… I guess suggesting to read http://37signals.com/svn/posts/1555-learning-from-failure-is... would not count as a good answer :( uhm, if we browsers do owe something and then all ads business shifts from pay-per-view to pay-per-click model does that mean that we will be obliged to click the ads? I do not use ad-blocker (to be fair I do use clicktoflash plugin but the main reason is subpar flash performance on OS X) but I don't click on ads either. I am not sure one can use civilization and population interchangeably, for one reason: population either adopts to new conditions or dies, civilization, on the other hand may change environment and survive. That's how human species differ: they are alloplastic, while other are autoplastic. Will it work as well as Flash now works on OS X? If so, then thanks, but no thanks. > They are real needs. So, not having these features means not to satisfy some user requirements. Not necessarily. Some are needs, some just wants. Software should offer solution to user's problem, not features. Often features are wanted just because user has a particular vision of solving his problem which requires these features, but that does not mean that there is not more elegant way to solve the problem with less features. > I'm afraid UI/feature minimalists will never understand why on earth so many people will pay $650 (or whatever) for MS Office, the mother of all feature monsters. I am afraid many who paid for MS Office won't know themselves. And I bet many of those still use spaces instead of tabs in Word :( Hm. If it is content, then it should work in such a way that it can be accessed no matter what tries to get it: webcrawler, javascript incapable browser or user with a "normal" browser but JS switched off. If user agent is ajax-capable, then use ajax. Google for "hijax". If it is a webapp, then making it crawlable does not make sense anyway. Why would anyone want to discard the end result there? It matters. CEO did not make his point by yelling. The point was made by explanation that followed the yelling. So yes, you are right, yelling did shut down the brains of the author for a while, but wasn't that the idea? To get him out of "know-all" attitude? To reboot the brain and feed a new program into it? Not that I like this way of getting the point across, but in this case it did work. except that source code couldn't possibly show on piratebay. Somehow I doubt norwegians would have any of that white guilt. The Little Prince by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry The Inmates Are Running the Asylum by Alan Cooper Does "explode" mean that it will be fragmented to a zillion of unmanageable pieces? :( That's nothing. I remember putting webiste into a frameset just to avoid having scrollbar in Netscape 3 \o/. I think Tom DeMarco would argue, that you can blame the management for that. In Slack a part of the book is dedicated to change and growth and he tackles the timing of change and the responsibility for it among other things. DeMarco believes, that change (reinvention) must be driven by middle management. The funny thing is that both of my Mighty Mouses did last six month before they got clogged uncleanably. Does that take into account R&D? Repeating the bit about spending "EUR 40 billion in R&D during the last two decades" adds more weight to it? I just hate when people criticize things they know little about. Article is full of incorrect statements: There are at least 3 browsers to pass acid3 test: Chrome 3, Safari 4, Opera 10. There ir a way to have equal height divs: check out display: table-* properties. Supportend in IE8 too. There is a way to have rounded corners in CSS, supported in Safari, Firefox, Chrome. There is a way to have box shadow, and gradients in CSS. Even animation, transformation and transitions. They don't charge for minor point (that would be y part in 10.x.y) releases. More than that, upgrade from 10.0 "Cheetah" to 10.1 "Puma" was free, and upgrade from 10.5 "Leopard" to 10.6 "Snow Leopard" is only $29. To prevent that in he future: 1) Test in all browsers you are supporting 2) Learn about BTW article linked in OP suggest you can use any format for the image, and suggests .jpg. This is very bad choice—save jpegs for larger photos, this format does not work well for icons/buttons, PNG (preferred) or GIF would be much better option. How is running Windows on Apple hardware hard? > I think only Ars could pull off a 15-page review of an OS. They have 23 pages for Snow Leopard, not sure if that's the record. Forget XHTML 2: http://www.w3.org/News/2009#item119 "Lost in translation" is like a good parfume or wine: you need some time to pass to get the best of it, be it true scent or fine aftertaste. > How long does it take you to write 140 characters or less? The proper question would be "how much does the context switching costs?", and the answer would be "a lot". Some estimate it can take 30 minutes to get back into working mode. The proper way to put it would be "technological progress reduces the value of the knowledge of outdated technologies", which is then reduced to "Doh" at which point one can question the need of blog post about it. When I see what Flash does to my CPU on OS X I somehow doubt that it is more efficient. Future is bright in EU regarding this matter: http://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idUSTRE55S1XZ2... "Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men." - Kin Hubbard Talking about 37signals it is not exactly random number and random word: http://37signals.com/33 > But the truth is, the answer to that is not much. This claim may sound like truthful only if one never used git indeed. EDIT: I think I should expand this. There is what I would miss if git is taken away from me, in no particular order: Speed, speed, speed. Operations which SVN performs over network (and not in the most efficient way) git performs locally and it's blazingly fast. Ease of branching and merging. Local branches, squash commits. Rebase. Staging area. Stash. Having entire history at my fingertips and not having single point of failure which SVN central server is. The fact that entire history in git often takes less space than single checkout of SVN is a nice bonus. Not having each and every directory of my project littered with .svn Github. There is more, of course. I was kind of Subversion fan when I first saw Linus talk on git ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XpnKHJAok8 ) and I did not like it at all. Then I did try git and saw the light :) I am still using SVN, but only because I have to. Now it looks dated (mature?), slow, clunky and fragile. My impression is that Mac users tend to look down on Windows—the OS itself not its users, while liking Apple products makes you douchebag, sheeple and brainless victim of Apple marketing. Maybe that's because the most of Apple users do have experience with MS products which is not always the case on the opposite side. Some nice graphs: http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/archives/001015.html Is there any hope that someday people will stop to think that more Mpx is more quality? It's just bigger size, that's all. And if more Mpx are crammed on the sensor of the same size, that usually means more noise too. I just did try it. Gitx has nothing to fear for a while. What makes you think so? Just a thought: if said work is of substantial length then you have enough context/space to express all the subtleties by other means. In case of the message limited to 140 characters or email one-liner you need some crutches to the same. Are we trading 5 lines of email for one ":)"? Well, we do have PHP5.3 now and it has namespaces as well as PDO. http://michelf.com/projects/sim-daltonism/ Because we live in the global world and you can never be sure where will your code end up. I have had to deal with comments and DB schema which were neither in English nor in a language I speak, there was little pleasure in that. Having at least schema and indetifiers in English would have made everything much much easier. All programming languages I work with are more or less English based, so having schemas, comments, etc. in English is just a good fit and makes code easier to get should it land on the lap of some guy in another country. Meh. Apple does understand software. A bounch of peope hired to do reviews for thousands of apps flooding into App Store daily may not. Not sure what was more thrilling to read "Dracula" or this "Old journals". Interesting that this was not mentioned yet: http://haystack.com/ Norway. "Perl works the way I think just as jQuery does" Never ever say this again. If the Greenhouse effect was the only effect affecting climate, you'd have a point. In Poland the global consensus is that God exists. The problem is "overwhelming scientific evidence" — turns out it is not that overhelming. If you try to dig deeper you will get "there is some evidence" and "our models show". I don't deny GW or even AGW, but it is sad to see how in this case science is somewhere in the background and all is mostly polictics and beliefs. 1) Nobody moved away from XML syntax. You can still use it if you want. 2) In most cases XML syntax is pointelss. 3) HTML5 has nothing to do with CSS, and CSS is doing fine, far from being "massive failure". Uhm? Maybe you mean "unless browseres have predefined CSS rules for new elements"? What new syntax are you talking about? There is no new syntax in HTML5. In this case, they do. As do and and any other element you can come up with. Can you list _worthwhile things had workable implementations before HTML 5_ and the stuff they implemented before HTML5? ? ? local storage? It is even more impressive keeping in mind that the planned duration for the mission was three months (90 sols, to be precise). Also, the page looks very 1998-notepad-hand-coded html. Not the best calling card for a computer geek dude. Go get some Dreamweaver time somewhere and make a nice layout. Sorry for being a bit off-topic there, but I'd like to comment on that bit. 1998-style code would be a non-semantic mess of tables and other elements thrown in just for a visual effect. Code of yangman.ca however is very clean and semantic. I wish all those zillions of web agencies and "professionals" who are stuck in last century would be able to write code as good as this. Getting DW won't help a bit there. Adding some niceties via CSS may. What's interesting, David links only to OpenDNS policy, but does not provide a link to Google's which would make an easier to compare… Already migrated. Less than three minutes from submitting the ticket I got the response and started the process. It took some time to get disks copied, but overall everything went flawlessly. I am impressed. he put some gravel in (not sure why) The further away the center of mass of a rocket is from center of pressure the more stable the rocket is. Apollo's Launch Escape Vehicle, which was essentially a rocket with the payload below the engine, had a few hundred kilos of depleted uranium ballast placed at the top exactly for this reason—to move CM far enough for the vehicle to be stable. Not sure what you mean by "those" things. In LES case the reason was the one I stated for a simple reason: LES did not have gimbaled engines and had to rely on aerodynamics to be stable. Launch Abort System for the new Orion spacecraft will have attitude control motor and thus no need for ballast. See http://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/2008001... for more. I will quote just a bit: Another key difference from the Apollo launch escape system is with regard to control. Apollo utilized a passive system that relied on ~1,000 lbm of ballast to keep the abort vehicle passively stable during the escape rocket burn HTML has a reputation of being "easy" and it just sad to see how many luminaries just don't care enough to educate themselves at leas a bit about such easy language. "CSS class" my [censored]. Luckily a lot of commenters set things straight. Let's hope the web-ninja they hire will know that one does not need to put "javascript:" into onclick event handler, or better yet, that this pseudo-protocol should be avoided. According to statistics an average american has one breast and one testicle. The chart mcormier cited is for w3schools.com There is nothing surprising that or pretty much any webdevs-oriented site has a low share of IE. Browser stats for two websites can vary wildly depending on the site itself, and even country. For example Opera is very popular in Russia—27% ( http://www.rankingru.com/en/rankings/web-browsers-groups.htm... ) and Ukraine where it tops the browsers chart: http://www.ranking.com.ua/en/rankings/web-browsers-groups.ht... . Related: http://my.opera.com/dstorey/blog/2009/03/16/a-look-at-deskto... I have used SmartCVS and SmartSVN on Windows, Linux and OS X. Got the same nice interface on each of the systems. TortoiseSVN is Windows only, afaik. I might try SmartGit too, but I doubt I will use it as much as I did SmartSVN—I think I prefer GitX and command line. I am pretty sure that many do choose "free"/pirated/whatever becaus it is simply more convenient to get and manage content this way. Consider all the hops you need to jump buying physical DVD and torrenting the movie. Or think about this scenario: you here a song you like somewhere and you want to get it. Digital world: launch your Shazam/Sound hound, let it identify the song, press "buy". Physical world… I will let you to work out this one yourself. And you may end up buying 10 more songs you don't like just because they were on the same album. There is the reason why ITMS is #1 music seller in US. Alas, producers are stuck in their world of physical copies. They do have a problem there—in the digital world they are pretty much unneeded middlemen. Let's remember that if one got illegal copy of some piece this does not directly translates to lost sale — if there was no way to get it for free our hero could just as well decide "to the hell with it". However, illegal copies and copyrated material on youtube, etc. can sometimes work as an advertisement for an artist and mean more ticket sales for the next gig. So, unbeatable DRM would probably mean slightly more sales, but less revenue for the artists. > I can't even remember the last time I used them to do anything where it wasn't a hassle. I can. It had never been a hassle to me. If there are several payment options available I choose paypal—it knows my shipping address and saves me from filling the same borring form again. Somehow it did not help IE with neither rendering capabilities nor speed. And no, Acid3 does not test for "random features"—it test for stuff that is essential in web apps, mainly DOM manipulation. What would I do? I'd continue to make money by selling hardware, which is exactly what Apple does now. Sure, ITMS, App Store provide nice revenue too, but the bulk still comes from hardware. Nope, there in Lithuania show was delayed by 30 minutes for the same reason. Another one went without sound… You know, times has changed recently. Now we have not only web sites, but the web apps too. And there different rules apply. On windows. It makes a lot of sense to specify an OS in these cases. Only if you do not know CSS or do not know the capabilities of modern browsers. But in this case you should be not writing HTML or CSS at all. I guess I should clarify a bit: every modern browser (and in this case IE8 is also counted in) has support for display: table-* property. On the other hand, 2003 was the last year when I did layout using table. I did pixel-perfect cross browser layouts with CSS five years ago, and they had to work in IE5 back then. So yes, I do know what I am talking about and stand by my position. Yep, mostly semantic markup. Sure then you could not avoid some extra div there and here, but that did not come even near the mess. I've tried to stay away from divitis and classitis as much as possible. http://a.deveria.com/caniuse/ Wikipedia: "With the exception of insects, hummingbirds while in flight have the highest metabolism of all animals, a necessity in order to support the rapid beating of their wings. Their heart rate can reach as high as 1,260 beats per minute, a rate once measured in a Blue-throated Hummingbird.[9] They also consume more than their own weight in nectar each day, and to do so they must visit hundreds of flowers daily. Hummingbirds are continuously hours away from starving to death, and are able to store just enough energy to survive overnight." Can't wait till someone tries to get explosives on the plane weaved into clothes. Actually you may let the one you are showing the trick to to choose the order, you need just to notice where did the column with the card go. 2 if it is on the bottom, 1 if in the middle, 0 if on the top. When you got your three digits, reverse them and convert from ternary to decimal—that will be the number of cards above yours. In the case you are putting column with a card to the middle you'd get 111, that is 1 3^2+1 3^1+1*3^0=9+3+1=13. Hence your card is #14. I think this was in one of the books by M. Gardner. Corrections: bottom-2, middle-1, top-0. 1×3^2+1×3^1+1×3^0=9+3+1=13 What's the margin on netbooks? So far Apple was way more interested in making money vs. market share. Apple does have iWork (yep, far cry from MS Office, but nonetheless… and good enough for me). There is also iLife, Final Cut Studio, Logic Studio, Aperture. Mobile Me may be not as big as Live, but ITMS takes some effort to run I suppose. I find it funny that Apple recently just provided an easy way to share music: you see the other computer's music library in iTunes and can just drag and drop songs from there. MySQL has nothing on Postgres these days. Except for some engines you can choose from. All features work all the time That's the key. Even features which you may not need in particular scenario will add their overhead. Well, there were nothing like iPhone back then. Now we have 3G and 3GS. And on EDGE "web meets phone" will happen veeeery slowly. I went to LaunchBar http://www.obdev.at/products/launchbar/index.html In MySQL case: switch from MyISAM to InnoDB or Falcon (ALTER TABLE table ENGINE=Engine, that's it). What if you don't need transactions in PG? Let's not forget MySQL has engines like MEMORY, ARCHIVE, BLACKHOLE (not to mention third party engines). General population does not have this problem. They do not care about feature lists, MHzs of CPU, they do not count watts and do not carry replaceable batteries. They do not give a damn how open or how closed the ecosystem is. Either device works for them or it does not. I guess very few geeks get that, and Jeff is sure not one of them. And it would be a mistake to think that Apple is going to release something along the lines of the slate MS presented at CES. The rumor goes, that Jobs has asked, what good the the new tablet device could do besides browsing internet in the restroom. I guess they are not going to release one if it does not have an answer to this question. Interesting to see people who think that SDK was not planned from the very start. And there was no luck involved with the iPhone—remember, the thing was in the works for 2.5 years before being revealed. High focus on something you want to perfect is hardly a luck. Would I have done this in HTML and Javascript? No. A couple of lines in jQuery. Would work on iPhone too. CSS transitions and animation is a nice way to create simple (and not so simple animation). Work on iPhone too. Hardware accelerated. I'd argue that WebKit is very integral to Apple strategy. LLVM? GCD? Let's hope Jobs finally has an answer to his own question, (quoting from http://www.nytimes.com/2009/10/05/technology/05tablet.html?_... ): the tablets kept getting shelved at Apple because Mr. Jobs, whose incisive critiques are often memorable, asked, in essence, what they were good for besides surfing the Web in the bathroom. Don't underestimate Apple's experience with ITMS. And looks like they are dealing pretty well with infrastructure. And it's IPS! +more accurate colors and no color shift with the viewing angle change. Pretty much the best type of LCD. Usually you find IPS in the best monitors, and I am not aware of any notebook with IPS screen. I wonder, how many people were sad when gearbox in their car went from stick to auto, when choke control disappeared, when you could no longer tinker with carburetor, because it was gone. There will always be two groups of people, one group of those wanting to hack things, and another, much much larger group of those who want just use them. For every one John who wants to chip his car engine there will be five millions Joes who just want to get from the point A to the point B with the least hassle possible. As it happens Apples iProducts are aimed at the second group—deal with it. Just like ITMS and App Store may be the fastest and most hassle-free way to get what you want on your device. I've spent some time thinking, do I want iPad. The answer is: I do. I like to read when in bed, iPad is perfect for this. I cannot take my iMac to bed, and reading with notebook is not as convenient as it can be with iPad: that damn keyboard gets in a way, event when I barely use it. iPad is very well suited for what it is intended for: surfing the web, reading the books, some email. Let's not forget it has UI specifically tailored for the device and multitouch use. It should be great for tasks it was meant to do, and not so great for all others. It is time to stop thinking about anything with CPU inside as the computer. My guess is that the viewing angle was a deciding factor there. While on notebook you can adjust the screen so it is at useable angle this is not an option for a tablet with no support. IPS matrix gets rid of that problem. Wow, how wrong that picture is. There are lots of free applications for Mac and iPhone (and now iPad). iTunes has a nice way to share your library, and you can basically drag and drop music from other computer onto yours. "Remotely disable your apps and media" — did that happen to anyone? In other words: FUD. How about freedom to use whatever I want to and live the lifstyle that I, not Mr. Stallman likes? How much would hosting your app and doing payment processing yourself cost you a year? My overall point with that sentence was that the more tech literate someone is, the less likely they are to benefit from the ease-of-use gains, and the more tech literate someone is, the more likely they are to regularly utilize their "lost freedoms". This is utter nonsense. That's the same as claiming, that the more tech literate you are, the more ugly UI you need. Ease-of-use means being more efficient for everyone . Or are most tech literate still punching cards? iPad is not the device you will do your tech literate stuff: you will use your computer for that. Why do people think that iPad has to replace something? Sure, if all one does is browsing, some emails, and a couple of games, iPad may be the he or she they needs. For others (including "tech literate" people), it makes a great complementary device, best suited for browsing, e-books, etc. I wouldn't want to hack in Ruby on iPad, but when browsing on my couch with my iPad, with its IPS screen, portrait orientation and amazing multitouch UI I couldn't care less about all the freedom it has not. I intend to buy iPad. I don't intend to carry it much: I see it being used at home, comfortably on the couch. but will mainly help non technical people consume more media Why is "non technical" there? Do electronics engineers construct TV and Radio sets for themselves, or just grab one off the shelf and are happy with it? I do not want to write a browser when I want to consume the web I will be more than happy to use one someone already wrote — given that it is good enough for the task. What iPad comes with is more than good enough for the things it is intended for. Heh, this picture kinda gives an answer to the complaints why iPad's bezel is so wide :) endless keys and locks and walled gardens By that you mean freely available SDK? Apple still makes most of the money on hardware. They could not care less how do you get your content if you consume that content on the device they sold to you. Frankly, I cannot imagine they going back to DRM for music on iTunes, and I hope it is only the question of time when DRM will be dropped for video and other media. If ITMS (where M will stand for "Media" instead of "Music") is the most convenient way to get your media and the price is right they will do well without DRM. MySQL does not scan any rows for SELECT COUNT(*) FROM table — the number of records is stored in table metadata. (Mind you, it only works for this kind of query, as soon as you add WHERE the story changes). On the other hand, MyISAM only has table level locks, not row level. I guess it is time for you to analyze what your app does with DB and how it can affect locking… Did you read the article? The problem is that someone trying to bruteforce your MD5 hash won't add that sleep(500). Bcrypt is slow by design. And some more: http://www.456bereastreet.com/archive/200501/the_perils_of_u... http://lachy.id.au/log/2005/12/xhtml-beginners In the first QM lecture we were told that one cannot understand quantum mechanics, but can get used to it. The web was built on top of such technologies (Java, Flash, ActiveX) Must be some different web you ar talking about… I have no complains about SmartCVS/SmartSVN. They have SmartGit now, but I did not try that command line/GitX is fine for me. First: it's not "propriertary CSS" it is called "vendor extensions" and are allowed in CSS. Second, and more important: http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-text/ http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-background/ http://dev.w3.org/csswg/css3-images/#gradients- http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-2d-transforms/ http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-3d-transforms/ http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-transitions/ http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-animations/ Third: IE is pretty much the only browser showing now signs of support for some of the above. HTML5 doctype—nice :) Shouldn't that be an event when second to the last speaker dies? The one left has no one to talk to anyway :( By running on the said server, I suppose. It is a terminal server we are talking there, not some web server. how many people use Flash to play casual web games? Hundreds of millions. How many flash games are capable of handling touch interface? Actually I am interested in what touch capabilities does Flash has at all. This quote does not make much sense at all. Looks like ppk is so blinded by iPhone hate that he did not even bother to find out how these thing work. iPhone was the first mobile phone which made ordinary web usable on mobile device for me—and that's for sites without no optimization whatsoever. On the other hand most of optimization which makes web experience even more enjoyable on iPhone can be very simple (as simple as META element without any browser sniffing involved) and unobtrusive in the sense, that it does not affect other browsers. If your mobile browser cannot render simple website no UA faking will help it. And I lay the blame solely on those browsers, not the webdevs who gave up trying to make sense of them. What about calling mobile browser vendors to step up their game, instead of calling developers morons and wanting them to design to the lowest common denominator? Totally off-topic, but this reminded me Voyager-1… 32+ years on the road, still sending signals with its 23 watts radio from the distance more than 14 light-hours. 1) Instant—in broad sense: instant on, rendering speed, responsiveness to manipulation. 2) Comfortable—allows more flexibility orientation and holding-wise than notebooks. IPS screen with 178 viewing angle helps a lot there too. 3) Interface. Combined with 1) it makes to happen the thing that David Carr noticed: "the gadget disappears" ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ysq7mmGaWoU ). When you get impression that you are directly manipulating web page, photos or e-book with your bare fingers without much effort why would you think about GHz, number of USB ports, etc.? One of my favorite quotes about design is "Good design is invisible". Most people don't even know what "Trusted Computing" is, leave alone why would they should be scared by that. Frankly, I am a bit tired of "open is good, closed is bad" rubberstamping without putting much effort into thinking why is that and is it always the case. Reminds me "Four legs good, two legs bad" from the Animal Farm . I fail to see how is this "so much better" than, say, Smarty. Take the idea, but don't try to learn HTML and CSS from this post. This is bad: Basic Information Don't you ever use anything like this—HTML has a nice set of dedicated header elements. There are the cases when you need to wrap your ULs into DIVs, but most of the time Can be replaced by simple Some CSS tips: a) don't specify units for zero values. 0px is the same as 0em is the same as 0pt—you get the idea. So plain 0, not 0px. b) properties that accept four values (like margin or padding) allow some shortcuts: if the only one value is specified, it is applied to all sides. If there are two values, the first is used for the top and bottom, the second for the right and left. If there are three values, the first is for the top, the second for the right and left, the third for the bottom. This often comes handy. E.g. "margin:15px 0px 10px 0px;" can be written as "margin: 15px 0 10px;" The easy way to remember what is the order of the four values is mnemonic TRouBLe: Top, Right, Bottom, Left. c) If your color values look like #xxyyzz you can use short form #xyz. So #999 instead of #999999, #abc instead of #aabbcc. Obligatory link to http://37signals.com/svn/posts/1078-it-doesnt-have-to-be-all... We’ve repeated this story so many times that it’s starting to wear a little thin, but here it goes again: Basecamp was created wit 10 hours/week of programming time and as a 3rd or 4th project alongside paying customers for the designers over the course of about 6 months. In other words, we didn’t drop everything we had to create Basecamp, and you don’t have to either. Worth mentioning: http://mindview.net/WebLog/log-0023 and more on that: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect the report itself (PDF): http://www.apa.org/journals/features/psp7761121.pdf There is a huge gap between existing technology and useable technology. Apple may be exploiting that ? Who did use capacitive multitouch before Apple? I did not know that all skepticism relied on one picture. Actually I never saw that picture before… No, the easiest way is just to be explicit. On the other hand, trying to chase pixel perfect look in different web browsers is just a waste of time these days, so having slight differences in whitespace is OK, imho. http://dowebsitesneedtolookexactlythesameineverybrowser.com/ A quote from my favorite book: "Good morning," said the little prince. "Good morning," said the merchant. This was a merchant who sold pills that had been invented to quench thirst. You need only swallow one pill a week, and you would feel no need of anything to drink. "Why are you selling those?" asked the little prince. "Because they save a tremendous amount of time," said the merchant. "Computations have been made by experts. With these pills, you save fifty-three minutes in every week." "And what do I do with those fifty-three minutes?" "Anything you like..." "As for me," said the little prince to himself, "if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water." "The Little Prince" by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Chapter XIII a) AM/PM vs. 24 hours clock. I'd suggest switching to 24 hours mode if input hours are > 12. There should also be a toggle for this. Remembering the setting (and possibly timezones) would be great. b) Dates. These are redundant, but they can be shown if different in chosen TZ (or maybe just show something along the lines "already the next day/still yesterday" :) Interesting, I did not know that Adobe gives Flash development tools for free. Where can I download my free copy? you can get Xcode and iPhone SDK for free too and directly from Apple. I am so sad that Kathy Sierra blogs no more :( This is related, I think: http://headrush.typepad.com/creating_passionate_users/2005/0... Also: http://code.google.com/apis/visualization/documentation/gall... It’s a very impressive project, and make sense when you think about it. Keep in mind, this is a prototype so it’s a little rough around the edges, but the concept is sound. Actually no. I don't think it makes much sense and I don't agree that the concept is sound. Spokes distribute load and allow for lightweight rim, this construction just concentrates load on few points—looks like it is just asking rim to be squashed. Another case of the solution for the problem nobody has? and the iPhone is simpler for a non-tech-savvy person to understand. These remarks are starting to get me. This is like saying that one foot high hurdle is easier for non athlete to jump over than three-feet high. And it is backwards. One foot hurdle is easier for the most to jump over when three-feet high one may have more demanding requirements on your fitness level. Co-founders can create a feedback loop between themselves that a single founder cannot. Single founder can get feedback from other sources too: customers, friends, etc. On the plus side that feedback can be less biased. When you are on your own it is much easier to go down the wrong path because questions didn't get asked earlier on. It has little to do with a number of founders. Two or more can be asking questions, but those can be wrong questions. It is much easier to become demoralised. It is much easier to waste time. Why? I'd argue that more than single founder have even greater opportunity to waste time arguing if there is some disagreement; waste time trying things thad you don't think will work but your cofounder convinced you to try, etc. Sounds like he sees that as sales and marketing problem. I am not sure if things are so simple. What advantage does apple have over anybody else, with the exception that they brought out a device which set a great standard to measure competitors against. Don't you think that coming out with device like this is the advantage Apple has? Or rather capability to design such device. tether their laptops to their iphones are complaining Uhm, you don't even need an app for tethering—it is supported by iPhone OS itself. I also know they are good because my iPhone app went from unknown to top 20 ranked in many countries This does not mean that translations were good—merely that they were just good enough to make some sense. People tend to have error correction built-in, so it is possible to get what translation meant to say and then laugh at what it does literally say. I always assumed that the additional client side DNS lookup would eliminate the increased bandwidth advantage that the CDNs have CDNs offer a bit more than bandwidth advantage. First, if you have visited a site which used one of these CDNs already it most likely means that your browser won't even send a request for the resource (if CDN sets expire time into the future). Second, even if this will be the first request for a resource it helps to work around the "connections per hostname" limitation in browsers. Let's say your browser allows 4 connections you will be able to fetch four resources in parallel. Using CDN (with a different hostname) allows you to circumvent that. Then your are limited only by total number of connections browser allows and those numbers differ by order of magnitude: 2(IE7) to 6 (IE8, lates FF and Chrome versions) connections per hostname vs. 20 (Opera) to 60 (IE, Safari, Chrome) total connections. Check out http://www.browserscope.org/ — it may give some ideas why Chrome is so fast :) If the iPad replaces traditional computers Like TV replaced radio and movies, like automobiles replaced bicycles, etc. Why would iPad replace anything ? It just makes it more comfortable to me browse the web or read the book on a couch. When I am in mood for some programming I will put it aside and sit down in front of my desktop or grab my notebook. The iPad replaces traditional computers no more than spoon replaces fork. What is next? Apps related to evolution and science? Any 3rd party apps related to music? Who knows. Maybe nothing, maybe all those things. There is a name for that: FUD. How do you know, maybe Apple will release cure for cancer as an app. Will they be evil then too? Do you think Apple and Amazon will allow me to releas such apps for their devices? I doubt it. The only way left for me is to write it as a webapp. Such control is bad for free market in general. First you assume Apple won't allow such an app. Then you reason on your assumption which may have nothing to do with reality. That's exactly what I call FUD. BTW, I bought a kindle edition of the book yesterday on Amazon.com and was reading it on my iPhone with a free kindle app. I assume, that if I had Kindle too, I'd be able to read said book on both devices. Apple did not care much where music on you iPod came from — why should they care where do books on iPhone/iPad come from? The more content available, the more useful the device is. It is hardware that makes money for Apple, and if something helps to sell more of it it is good for Apple. Sadly, these points also show why Opera's market share won't be growing fast. Just think to what proportion of the audience points #1, #2, #5 appeal… It'd be easy to say "sure but you're a geek, you just don't see how easy to use and useful the iPad is for normal people". But I don't think it is. Sorry, but you don't see. Heck, I am a geek and I do want iPad, and I know exactly why do I want it. That's because I know what I will not be doing with it, and why "deficiencies" which were repeated over and over since Jan 27 do not matter. No, I won't be doing any programming on it, nor will I be carrying it out of my house often. But there are activities on which I spend a lot of time and for those iPad is just perfect. I used to be surprised how many geeks missed the point that iPad has IPS screen, but I just gave up. It is so easy to point what iPad does not have and miss that it does have. Just wait till you can spend some time with the device, and say meh then. I've got a screen full of icons, and nothing really tells me that there is another page of icons waiting (unless I look at the very small dots at the bottom of the screen). This thing only takes once to learn. From then on those small dots will tell you where in the screens sequence you are without taking much space. The Zune has the same effect, though it isn't necessary because they've added the negative space. Without effect you might be left to wonder, is my device stuck, or is there really nothing more. When it springs back you are sure, that it responsive and there is indeed nothing more to see. I thought the mantra of presentations and UI design was Know your Audience. It would dopey to design for designers rather than trying things out with the people who are going to use the thing. The problem is: your audience does not know itself. Your audience in general will only know what it wants . Knowing your audience means knowing that,knowing how it is different from what it needs , and knowing what it really needs. At the famous Ford quote goes: “If I’d asked my customers what they wanted, they’d have said a faster horse”. Jobs and Ive do know those differences so asking questions "what would they say" is not "designing for designers" it is speculating the opinion of those who know the difference. How about fighting patent system, not Apple? Why this suit particularly? Why not the one of Nokia vs. Apple? Or is that one OK? I do not like software patents at all but I think this way of "fighting" them is just silly—even if it hurts Apple how does it help to abolish this nonsense? It also marks release of iPhone 3G and extended availability of iPhone in the world. It is not review process that gets attention but horror stories associated with it. Nobody cares and nobody talks about the apps which were approved quickly, but review gone badly get too much (imho) attention. Especially from those who most likely will never have to deal with it themselves. That's funny. I am fluent in Russian and can read/understand and speak some Polish and that text is understandable as-is. So at least one way it works really well. If you don't like it, don't consume the resources of the site serving the adds Wow, if you don't like your resources being consumed—don't put that on the web. Then I guess the number of ads you see on the way to have a lunch should pay for your lunch, dinner and supper. Do you realize, that not blocking the ads but simply ignoring them just pushes "the hurt" down the chain? In this debate let's not forget the whole point of advertising—to sell some product. So someone pays money for ads, some site gets them, maybe for clicks, maybe for just views. The point is that if I see/click on the ad but don't buy the product advertized then site owner profits on acciunt of ad buyer. So what's next—the urge to feel guilty if you don't buy everythig you saw an ad for? It is about time to end this obsession with ads as the only way to monetize… iPad has IPS screen so you can pretty much hold it at any angle without losing quality of the picture. Wow, Carrey's site is truly one of the more amazing things I've seen on the internet in quite some time. Like music playing without being asked for and interfering with the one you are currently listening, like content crammed into small area with custom scrollbars so usual scrolling with a trackpad no longer works, like insane amounts of pointless graphics which take forever to load so you must wait ten seconds till you can see two paragraphs of text buried somewhere? No, thanks, I have had enough of it elsewhere already… Also they have been pushing LLVM, OpenCL; released Grand Central Dispatch libs; still are the one of the main contributors for WebKit and push HTML5 forward. Also they make XCode and their SDKs available for free and even include XCode with every single distribution of the OS. But I guess that should not stop some parroting about Apple locking down. How do those Google apps for Android sources look like? The EFF is about electronic freedom Maybe they should do something about GPL then. I find it limiting my freedom. I've never, ever seen a functional, professional services company where working from home was the norm or even a good idea. Once upon the time there was a company called MySQL AB… spent three weeks getting the CSS exactly right two days tops. First, I am not in US. Second, I don't see how limiting everyone's freedom maximizes it. Nor do I think that imposing some particular understanding of freedom does that. Consider me releasing my code under GPL in one case and MIT in another. Which leads to maximization of freedom for those who may be interested in reusing it? Yep, patents ara bad. Now tell me, what obligation does Apple have to ditch them, if competitors don't? I am sure you don't know neither how I work nor how does Panic. And under "getting the CSS exactly" right I understand slightly different things from "getting the design right" Tell that to Wil Shipley The inventor of the wooden bookshelf? BTW, why not Andrew Kaz? http://www.classicsapp.com/ I'd say only this: if the GPL gets in your way, that's because you want to distribute proprietary software, right? Wrong. Compare GPL to MIT and you will understand. It's so easy to say that freedom means that "I should be able to do what I want without regard for others". I never said anything like that. I am talking code, not SUVs and firearms there. I don't want some RMS or EFF or FSF telling others what they can and cannot do with my code just because they have some weird image of freedom. Because it does not restrict me in any way. Exactly. I have an obsession with "optimized" markup, that means avoiding unnecessary elements, ids and classes. Let's not forget that all this stuff sits in markup and gets downloaded on each request. Even if that does not add up to much, I still want to have my code "clean". There is one particular site that inspires me: http://camendesign.com/ — take a look, not a single id or class. I have a feeling that author did not even read the book properly: maybe a couple of opening pages and chapter titles. So posting someones work you did not pay for in public and using for promotion is ok, complaining about that in public is not ok? Strange world, indeed. I think approaching your work from the standpoint of "Learn from success, not failure" is a sure path to succumbing to confirmation bias and becoming a one-trick pony. And the stats mentioned show, that approaching work from standpoint "learn from failure" is a sure path to being zero-trick pony. The stats in question show, that those who failed previously have the same success rate as those who never even tried, and those who succeeded previously have success rate higher by third. Funny enough, there is a place in "Rework" which talks about how good job has side-products which can be sold. "Getting real" and "Rework" are exactly such products. And the advice is just ridiculously obvious to anyone with a brain. "Never have a meeting without a clear agenda." Uhm, you assume that someone is actually using brains in average corporation. There is a book titled "Why Do Business Speak like Idiots" ( http://fightthebull.com/ ), worth a read. As the saying goes, common sense is not so common. Do you know many employees in average corporation who like going to meetings and value them? Meetings there happen because managers think it is a good way to manage. Organizing meeting also keeps someone busy—and the common trait is to confuse busyness with productive work. There are lots of things obvious to anyone with a brain and those things never get applied because "that's not the way to do things", "that's not our culture", etc. What "Rework" does is to encourage you to challenge those widely accepted traditions. BTW, I highly recommend Ricardo Semler's "Maverick" and "The Seven-Day weekend" to anyone who even remotely like the stuff 37signals write. Semler also speaks a lot about applying common sense to business. Their stance on meetings is simple—no one is required to attend. If you organize a meeting and nobody shows up, that simply means no one is interested in your idea. Authors do explain. They even provide some guidelines how to make productive meeting. It's just the reviewer who chooses to ignore that. Uhm… How about trying to see the difference the product and implementation details? Cars are simple you know: turn a key, step on the gas and you ar going. Does anyone claim that those dozens of CPU hidden under bonnet and AT gearbox is simple? Pretend or not iTunes is #1 music store in US. So Microsoft scrabbled to jump on the mobile bandwagon much later Uhm. MS released Pocket PC in 2000, Windows mobile in 2003. Apple announced iPhone in 2007. Google aquired Anodroid, Inc. in 2005, Open Handset Alliance was announced also in 2007. So no matter how you count MS jumped mobile bandwagon earlier. Most people (not to mind hackers), have no problem switching between both OSs or using both concurrently I was working this way without any problems for a couple of years: Mac at home, Win/Linux at work. And only when I spent significant amount of time working on Mac exclusively I started really appreciate all those tiny and not so tiny differences. Sad to see so logically flawed argument getting upvoted—that means many of us don't bother to think any more and vote purely on "four legs good, two legs bad" mentality. The worst enemy of freedom in software is not Microsoft, it's Apple. Makes no sense. Neither MS nor Apple are enemies of freedom of software. Apple is using a lot of OSS, contributes a lot to several projects, pushes for open web. You're pretty free to develop and distribute software as you want on Windows. And? You are just as free on OS X. And OS X kernel is open source. Can you get Windows kernel source? On new Apple devices, they control the way the software is distributed Yes. And that's because it's a win for majority of the users of said devices, not because Apple is "the enemy of free software". BTW, how does an Apple App Store compares to Zune marketplace? I guess the latter gives you more freedom? they tax you, Huh? they make you obey their rules And who doesn't? If you don't like the rules, don't buy Apple is as simple as that. Imagine a world with appstore as the main way of distributing software for any kind of devices. This would be hell. That would be hell because? That would be hell to whom? To those who want to have a convenient way to buy apps, without worries about making backups, with easy way to get upgrades, without a fear of getting malware? Stop using Apple. No, I won't. It gives me the biggest freedom so far. Use Linux Then worry more about making linux more useable to ordinary people, who care about usability, not some fuzzy freedom ideals. or if you can't, use Microsoft. Thank you, but no thank you. You don't need Apple to tell how you use your devices, I don't need you to tell what I should or should not use. If you want to stop Apple, you need to bring something clearly better to the market, Oh, please, someone crying how evil Apple is do that. I guess that's the only way for you to understand what real users want, what Apple does, and why it does it. is and why you don't need Apple's crap anymore. I won't need "Apple's crap" when someone will finally get what usability and user experience means. - Strict REST is overrated: Browser support is universal for GET and POST, and patchy for everything else. Don't assume your resources will be consumed by browsers only. I still think it makes a good idea to have proper verbs and work around current browser limitations by passing hidden "method" field. I frequented digg before I found HN. I do sometimes go there, but run away in horror quickly. To use an example, if things “just worked” then I'd be able to copy music from my iPod back to my laptop, or from one machine that I own to another. True for the first part, as for the second: this feature is built in into iTunes, it even allows you to see the music that's not on your computer and copy it with a simple drag and drop. The thing that will be interesting about the iPad is the experience of using it — something that nobody has had except for the folks at Apple — and as is always the case when dealing with a different type of interface, you're always going to be wrong. Not sure what he has in mind talking about experience. I gather few folks had a chance to try it out after it was presented and all were raving how fast that thing is. Then a lot of folks keep saying "it's just a bigger iPhone", but don't know what the UX will be. Well, if it just a bigger iPhone (it's not) user experience is going to be as good, only better. Then people cry and predict the end of hacking, tinkering and programming. Folks, don't forget: with iPad also comes out new free SDK. But maybe shouting about freedom is just a tad easier than using it. Looks like this kind of comparison is there to stay: As of now, they’re selling around 90K iPhones per day compared to around 60K Android handsets. It’s a horse race! How about "they're selling X Macbook Air's compared to Y Win machines". Does this version sound right? Even in this case iPhone OS sells only on two devices (so far) and Android is on ~20 I assume. They did. Opera has this since Presto 2.3 (Opera 10.50 comes with 2.5) I couldn't give a damn about supporting unfinalised standards the ACID3 tests MS too sometimes speaks of Acid3 in dismissive terms as having little relevancy. Let's see and then decide by yourself, is this stuff important: DOM2 Core DOM2 Events DOM2 HTML DOM2 Range DOM2 Style (getComputedStyle, …) DOM2 Traversal (NodeIterator, TreeWalker) DOM2 Views (defaultView) ECMAScript HTML4 ( , , …) HTTP (Content-Type, 404, …) Media Queries Selectors (:lang, :nth-child(), combinators, dynamic changes, …) XHTML 1.0 CSS2 (@font-face) CSS2.1 (‘inline-block’, ‘pre-wrap’, parsing…) CSS3 Color (rgba(), hsla(), …) CSS3 UI (‘cursor’) data: URIs SVG (SVG Animation, SVG Fonts, …) (Taken from: http://www.webstandards.org/action/acid3/ ) Looks important to me. even some phone (called iPhone iirc) has hw accelerated CSS transforms and animation… CSS3 isn't a finalised standard, and the test only tests a few things. You do realise there is a lot which this doesn't test too right? That's exactly my point: Acid3 test the important bits , the parts of the spec which are useful. This test is web apps oriented (hence a strong focus on DOM manipulation and dynamic behavior) and thats where web is heading now. plus had, again, the power of AT&T behind it. Yeah, and nobody has heard about that company, how is it… Google! There is the Kindle for iPhone, I have read few books on it already. Should work on iPad too, I assume. Why would anyone want to kill something that looks suicidal anyway? There (Lithuania) you get 28 calendar days of paid vacation per year. You can split that in parts, but at least one part must be 14 calendar days minimum. There are cases when you get 35 days—if you ar Microsoft has seen what Apple and others have done, and have made something along the same line, but daring and new. Daring and new is fine, but in this case daring and new is not enought, it must be useable too. Too many copycats failed for the very simple reason: copying the superficial aspects and having no idea about the essence why the things they copy work in the first place. Microsoft is investing in the right type of future oriented technologies I'd say that one of the killer apps for iPhone is Mobile Safari. Why one cannot argue about MS effort, sorry, but anything they can put on the device won't stand a chance compared to WebKit browsers. Microsoft has a huge marketing and development budget to push anything they want That may be the problem, not a solution. Thinking that marketing can fix a bad product, or thinking that innovation is proportional to money thrown on the problem. Usually it is the other way around: restrictions sprak innovation. Microsoft has integrated its programming languages across all platforms, implying a huge number of devs will program for their platforms This is two sided also. Brought back memories of Win shareware. Weird article. Some random bits of text thrown in, seemingly without understanding even what Acid3 is. HTML5 has little to do with it, and rounded corners even less so. global $a in PHP is just another way to write $a =& $GLOBALS['a']; I.e. you just create reference to a global variable. Unsetting reference just breaks the tie between variable name and content. Apple is building a bookstore, analogous to the iTunes music store. Does not matter. Apple has ITMS bet they never did try to stop anyone loading iPods with the music no matter what source of that music was. Same will be true for iPad — it does not matter where content comes from, as long as it helps to sell more hardware. And you can bet that is not IPS matrix. I am amazed that so few mention this feature of iPad, especially that IPS matrix a hard to find even on high-end notebooks. I disagree, I think the most important step is to finish/release. How do you finish something not started? There in Vilnius (and a couple of other bigger cities) you just put a sticker with barcode in the corner of the windshield, register it with SMS and from then on you can pay by texting something like "PV 3 R" — which means parking in Vilnius for three hours in the red zone (prices differ by zones). That's it. If you wish you can get SMS with reminder that your paid time is about to expire. Flash comes with a nice, integrated IDE that allows quick production of visuals and scripting. I think it'd be hard to make an argument that HTML5 development is equally assisted for most use cases. It's not hard at all. I can write my HTML with any editor I like. I can see the source of any page I like. No need to buy Adobe tools or hunt for .fla. Making complex animations are not easy in Flash either. Unless Flash can draw thing for you, can it? As for basic tweening, you do not need HTML and JS for that. Now you can have CSS transforms, transitions and animation. Those are extremely easy to use and while they are not enough for really complex stuff they can and will replace most of the basic effect flash has been overused for. Not having Flash on iPhone and iPad is just as pragmatic. Wow. Starts to sound like Ford's freedom of color choice for his cars. By rejecting all files created in Microsoft Office and Apple iWork, you can send a strong message to your friends, colleagues and businesses that you do not support the actions of these companies. Intersting. iWork lets me export document in PDF, RTF and plain text. I guess that does not count, and I am going to burn in hell anyway, just because I used something else than OO? By rejecting these files, you can open a friendly dialog with the person, and ask them to support a free society by using a free format like OpenDocument. I guess one will have more chances to look like moron than „open a friendly dialog“. And I still think that freedom means I can choose any tool and format i like, not the ones that FSF tells me to. 1) It says nothing about default . Let me quote again: all files created in Microsoft Office and Apple iWork 2) How about others being ethical and not telling me what format to use? 1) Are you sure you understand the spirit as intended by FSF? They could have that formulated the other way, say "rejecting all files in proprietary format", but what they wrote is different. Why? 2) Where do you get that stupid idea that I want freedom for myself only? If I happen to like Pages I just use it. You are free to use whatever you want, be it Word or OpenOffice. FSF on the other hand wants me to ditch everything in favour of that ugly piece of software. Why should I? More reasonably, your freedom to smoke oppose my freedom to breathe Very wrong analogy. And here, your freedom to use proprietary formats and software oppose my freedom to not use them. No, it does not. I will use what I want, you use what you want. How me using iWork forces you not to use OpenOffice? And please, don't mix proprietary formats and software — they are not the same. As I said, I can produce pdf or rtf or plain text in Pages. All this is just a lame attempt to replace quality with politics. Please someone tells me where I am wrong 1) You assume that using proprietary formats is only short term value. Why do you think it is? 2) You assume, that everyone going with open formats would improve software. Why should it happen, exactly? I honestly tried various versions of OpenOffice at least a dozen of times and gave up. I have no hope it can get rid of that Frankensteiny feel. And I have no idea, why and how average office worker (who spends most of the time working with those documents) should know the difference between proprietary and open formats and which is which. In most cases format question will boil down to "this is garbled" and "this looks fine". Very good points. What they do is interesting, but useless—at least in the way it is presented. The main problem is—you cannot bolt on good UI, it must be designed from the very beginning. Anything else is just a lipstick on a pig. Comparing the 'openness' of the web app angle for the iPad/iPhoneOS is a bit disingenuous, because you need to have hosting ('in the cloud' or not) to deliver such an app. In this case "closed" App Store gives you even more: you don't have to think about hosting at all. Nor about CC processing, making it easy to find your app using search for all the users, etc. I'd argue that the very "closeness" of App Store is the reason there are about ~150 000 apps available. We see many crying how closed Apple is, but how many of those whiners would actually go through the process of getting the infrastructure in place? App store takes away the boring part and lets you concentrate on your app. And let's not forget all the free apps hosted there. How much would it cost to self-host a popular free app? Less than $99 a year? Including your time spent managing the infrastructure? "closed Apple" is just another rubberstamp along "overpriced Macs" which means very little. It's just a different model and it does not make it worse, even some don't like it. There are other platforms to choose, go ahead and tinker. But whining is easier, I suppose. That open vs. closed computers thing does not make much sense itself, but the other point is: you can create programs for iPad. Heck, you can even design hardware to be used in combination with it. You cannot do that on iPad itself, so what? The iPad and iPhone are more closed, more hostile to tinkerers, more hostile to adventurous users, than most other similar devices. This is a bad thing. This would be a bad thing if it were true. It is not. Before iPhone I was not even considering coding something for mobile device. When iPhone SDK came out I was not only considering, I did want to do it. Even more so with iPad. Open Source software has made dramatic improvements in the landscape for kids learning technology today. Apple is fighting those improvements, and they should be called out for that bad behavior. What a bullshit. First, Apple adds a lot to open source. Remember, what phone had useable web browser before iPhone? Right… What's the most popular engine for mobile devices? Correct, WebKit. We talk about those web apps for mobile devices today, where they became first available? Where did those nice CSS transforms, transitions and animations first appear? Would you care to go and see who are the editors http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-2d-transforms/ , http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-transitions/ , http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-animations/ Evil Apple. I guess their work on WebKit, LLVM, Grand Central Dispatch (libdispatch), OpenCL, etc. is somehow "fighting the improvements" made by OSS? Really? Apple is behaving in ways that are bad for developers, and bad for kids who might become hackers. Yes. Like including free X-Code with every single copy of OS X . You don't even have to download it: it is there on the DVD. That sure does something horrible for developers and kids who might become hackers. People, I understand that some of you may not like Apple for one reason or other, but please, stop talking nonsense. When my cameraphone can give me an 8 megapixel shot that is actually clear enough to print, let me know How often do you print 16"x20" prints, because only for this size you need 8Mpx? Anything that can't run Emacs isn't usable. Interesting, I don't run Emacs on any of my machines and they are all useable. How exactly would Emacs help someone to browse the web, watch videos and photos? Why is this that so many are obsessed with what iPad does not do, instead of how well it does what it does? How difficult it is to grasp that: a) iPad is not intended to replace anything and b) it's first and foremost consumption device. Are we so used to eat from the same pot we did the cooking that we now longer accept that plate may be better device to eat from? Believe it or not, Flash comes preinstalled on some systems. A quote from iPad review by Jason Snell: There’s just something about surfing the Web using Safari on the iPad. It feels different, somehow. Apple’s marketing pitch says “it’s like holding the Internet in your hands,” and while that’s a little bit cheesy, it’s not far off. There’s just something different about holding that Web page in your hands, rather than seeing it on a desktop or laptop PC, or on a tiny iPhone screen. Tapping on links doesn’t feel the same as clicking on them with a mouse. It’s a good feeling. Source: http://www.macworld.com/reviews/product/462192/review/apple_... Bringing flash would be only half of the solution. The usual use cases mentioned are video and games. Well, some video providers already are updating to include non-flash alternatives, but let's say this is valid point. Then we have games, and I am wondering: what's the use of Flash games, which are designed either with keyboard or mouse in mind. How many would be playable with multitouch at all? Why do companies do that? It has something to do with some weird accounting requirements/rules. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd97us27eSg It's amusing that a group that touts themselves as valuing individuality and creativity all use the same restrictive devices with very little choice. It's a common stereotype of a Mac users, but to be frank, I never saw a mac user making such claims. On the other hand, restriction is what drives creativity and innovation. It's easy when you have all the resources and freedom, but restricted environment is where creativity shines. Look no further than a history of Apple itself—just read Woz's story in "Founders at work". Mac fanboys are like the Goth kids of the adult world - they profess individual expression, but all act and dress the same. I wonder, what OS you use ;) Cool. Now we have a choice: for those who spent most time interacting with UI when browsing, reading and playing some games there is iPad, and for those who spent most of the time plugging stuff into USB ports, expanding memory, running around taking pictures with slate in hand there is HP slate. My guess is that people will never stop judging quality of cameras by Mpx count and devices by features list. Sadly, both metrics are mostly useless. In the context of the sea of complaints about Apple's iP* not supporting Flash this looks… interesting. Have been using for 1.5 years and never thought about it as some future technology… Lithuania (Vilnius) and starts eating Apple's lunch Take a better look whose lunch Android eats (hint: it starts with "S"). And Windows Phone 7? Is it out already? By the way, 2010 - 2007 is three years, not two. Horrible rant. Author also has this in comments: Without Flash, how would content owners monetize their content? Most of the advertising in this world is Flash banners. Google AdWords? Comparing Android to iPhone is like comparing copies of Windows 7 sold to the number of Macbook Pro 15". I'm sure the Parc guys that founded Adobe would beg to differ. Maybe, but I am not sure how much. I'd say Apple played a major role in Adobe becoming Adobe. It was Jobs who persuaded them to change initial plan to build the whole package: computer + printer, and focus on software which Apple needed for LaserWriter. "Steve did a prepayment on royalties to make sure we had the resources to stay in business, and Apple also bought a little less than 20 percent of the company, which quintupled the value of the original investors' money. Steve wanted to make sure that we finish this product, because it was critical for him to have the LaserWriter" "Fortunately, there was a young marketing guy at Apple named John Scull, who aware of what was going on (as were we) at Aldus up in Seattle, because PageMaker come out at the same time as the LaserWriter did. He came up with the idea of getting the three companies—Apple, Aldus and Adobe—together to put together a marketing campaign called "desktop publishing". Source: Interview with Charles Geschke, cofounder of Adobe Systems in "Founders at work". There is "defending" and there is "understanding the limitations". Apple found a way around those limitations: to offer seven background services which iPhone can offer to your Apps. That kind of gives you multitasking and still leaves resources control to Apple's code in iPhone OS. Update — services offered: Background audio VOIP Background location Push notifications Local notifications (don't require the server) Task completion (e.g. Flickr's upload can continue in the background) Fast app switching (storing/restoring app's state) I must admit I really like the way they do it: they do not rush, don't push half baked solutions. It either works or it is not there. Look at the copy and paste: it was the laughing point, it took some time and now it is the best implementation there. Even more so with iPhone OS 4: multitasking, folders, unified inbox — looks like they just focused on what's important. Anyway, naysayers will always have Flash to cry about. http://www.engadget.com/2010/04/08/jobs-if-you-see-a-stylus-... Adobe will not be happy about this, which makes me think: given how events unfolded recently in Adobe-Apple relationship and given that Photoshop is getting crappier and crappier in its OS X incarnation—has Apple some Photoshop/CS analog in the works? Yeah, as if Flash is known for its stability (especially on the Apple platform) and security… That's a counterpart for Adobe Lightroom, not Photoshop. Of course I can plug a wonderful http://pixelmator.com/ but as much as I love the work of fellow Lithuanians it ain't Photoshop yet :( Yes it does. My comment was about Flash however. Is Gruber a programmer? Why would it matter? I don't see how the user experience would be different for an app written in Haskell versus an app written in Objective-C, except that the Haskell app will run faster and crash less (in general) I assume you wrote some apps for iPhone and did some benchmarking, right? "Platforms" have nothing to do with it This is where you are really wrong. Platforms and cross-platform development makes are huge difference in user experience. Take Android: if you try to target as many devices as possible you aim at the lowest common denominator. That means that more capable devices will provides lesser experience than they are capable of. Now if your tool allows to target Andorid and iPhone it gets even worse. Gruber's example with Kindle apps is spot on, it's ugliest app for Mac I've ever used. On Mac if I need to have lots of tabs open (which I do when I visit photoline.ru and want to see all the photos of the day: I just click on thumbnails to open them in background and then go through them. Sometimes it resutls in several hundreds of tabs, weird I know) Safari handles that much better than Chrome. Chrome is my default browser, but I swtich to Safari just to browse said site. It does make you wonder about Apple's commitment to supporting HTML5 web-apps. It does not. iAd demos yesterday were HTML5 apps. And frankly, if anything even remotely looks like iHTML in the original post, it's Flash. And I think that Flash and other cross-compilers are worth the time in the long term. Using just one programming language exclusively is like having a hammer. And working withc cross-compilers ir like having only a broad brush. Yes, it will get the stuff painted, but it will never look polished. It is still not funny. First, because HTML is very wrong choice there: Apple is the juggernaut behind it (with Google's help). Second, this is really really old, I don'e even remember when I first heard the joke about Apple cars. Yes, exactly. Yesterday it was access to the filesystem, things that run in the background, etc. No, yesterday they did add the things that run in background. Flash compiler being a fundamental technique in computer science? Please… My first thought. Has anyone been tracking stuff that started as xkcd comics? I only recall a couple: self referential chart, Facebook group of million users, MBR love note, people playing chess on roller-coasters, sudo make me a sandwitch robot… Looks like http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xkcd#Inspired_activities is missing some. Ok, correction: yesterday they introduced iPhone OS 4 with background services. How Flash is fundamental in CS is still a mystery to me. Ok, compilers are fundamental to CS. Have you heard about Clang and LLVM? Do you know who is behind that project? The parent talked about Apple. So did I. By the way, what are your sources? You look so damn well informed about what's going on at Apple. And apple is doing a lot in that field: Clang, LLVM, Grand Central Dispatch, OpenCL. Amazing how many fail to see the forest behind the tree. Apple releases iPad and that's the end of computers, Apple bans Flash, and suddenly it's shutting down CS. Pardon me? I was not commenting on the article, I was commenting on the comment which outrageously claims pure bullshit that: … Apple has been shutting off fundamental techniques in computer science since day one. And it does not name "iPhone team", it says Apple. What I say is that the work Apple is doing on LLVM, Clang, GCD, OpenCL, Webkit, etc. proves otherwise. I would gladly forget what's going on inside Apple, but first, I don't know, and second, this was addressed to some commenter talking like as if he knows (which he don't). So, thanks's for advice, but be advised to read the thread before commenting. Apple telling us programmers not to write source to source compilers Nice spin. But in reality Apple is telling that you cannot use such compilers to make iPhone apps. You are still free to write and use them elsewhere. I don't know about GM, but I have clang on my OS X right now and I can tell Xcode to use it. When you say "compiler" which comes up in people's mind first? I'd bet it's "WTF?". That part was about allowing Mac clones and having too long line of the products. Exactly the things Jobs abolished. It's kind of like saying, "Don't program in a functional style", or "Use a model view controller architecture." Uhm, excuse me? I'll decide that for myself, thank you very much! I have some more examples, it is also like saying: The easiest thing to do, is to simply refuse to open any documents created with Microsoft Office and Apple iWork, and then to send a short, friendly email to whoever sent you the document, asking them to send it again in OpenDocument format Source: http://www.fsf.org/news/campaigns/opendocument/reject Where would be all these projects without Apple's involvement? Why should I care, who started what? In that case Adobe should be forever grateful to Jobs and Apple, because they helped them at the start, by suggesting business models and investing heavily while working on the project for LaserWriter and then creating the whole desktop publishing thing. Adobe's Illustrator has its root in the work on Postscript, which was initially developed for Apple's LaserWriter. Photoshop started as exclusively Mac product. Adobe's (originally Aldus') Pagemaker at the start also was developed with Postscript and Apple's Laserwriter in mind. By the same logic how is Flash a Adobe's product? Because they bought Macromedia? And I highly doubt people are going to get all the way down to clang. What do you mean? It's open source: http://clang.llvm.org/ They write bad software in general for other platforms. Just like Flash player performs wonders on OS X and Linux, and Photoshop for OS X has very consistent UI with native controls. Did you read Webkit's last release? What's about it? What would be your estimate, how many out of 185 000 apps in App Store were developed using Scheme, Closure, etc.? Also it would be interesting how many are built using Unity3d and likes. The reason Apple has been successful isn't just that they have nice hardware, its because of you. True, but let's not forget: there were no "you" when iPhone was released, but there were the reasons why it was a success. That success brought users, and users made platform interesting for developers when SDK came out. Users are here to stay, and most of the devs too. Heck, iPhone OS 4 and iPad will bring them in droves. Then we have another opportunity opening up: development of HTML5 ads for iAd. My (maybe incorrect) assumption is, that all this noise on HN is not really representative of the thinking among iPhone developers—I will even go as far as assume that the most vocal ones never did anything for iPhone and were not going to–and will have a little if any effect on general public and their opinion about iPhone/iPad and Apple. I am most creative in my head, and there is no .NET, AS or Obj-C there. Well, you did not read a lot of accounts then. Unless you believe that it was possible to develop the SDK (and APIs and App Store) to the level it was released at in six months. Of course it was planned from the very start it was just a matter of resources and priorities. SDK was not ready by the time iPhone was launched, was it a good reason to delay the product? No. You should get your facts checked. How much did Performa help? If that was part of the strategy and you claim it was working, how come, that Jobs returns, does exactly the opposite—gets rid of the clones and drastically trims product line–and Apple starts climbing up again. I get the point about Adobe, but Android? With the Mac everybody got a copy of HyperCard Here we go again. I got a free copy of Xcode, IB and Dashcode with every release of OS X I had. I can code in C, C++, Objective-C (with a choice of compilers gcc or clang), PHP, Perl, Python, Ruby (including RoR), Java right out of the box. SQLite is also there and maybe some stuff I don't even know I have. Existence of iPad (and iPhone) does not hinder innovation — it fosters it. Three years ago there was no iPhone, no iPhone OS, no App Store. Now we have a new platform with not far from 200 000 (just think about it) applications written for it. iPad gives an opportunity truly explore what's possible on multitouch device with dedicated UI. I am a web developer, but I do not complain that I cannot easily write my code in the browser itself. Nor do I want to. Just think about it: if there were no iPad you could not code for it even in Obj-C. Firefox was my default browser on Windows since v. 0.6 when it wasn't a Firefox yet but Phoenix. It was still my default when I switched to Mac, but with the release of Safari 3 Firefox was relegated to development/tools role. I'd say the only area it beats Safari is extensions. Alas, Chrome also has those now. When Web Inspector matches Firebug, my usage of FF will be for testing only :( It is not (D),(C); it is (C (D)). We are all consumers, just some happen to be developers. You can look at it this way: Apple will have less apps to review :) From what I've seen of the CS5 packaging for iPhone, there are no native UI controls. Adobe claims to have a project to port Flex to iPhone, and I can't assume that it will use native UI controls. Adobe did not even bother with their own apps, just visit http://adobegripes.tumblr.com/ A couple of telling examples: http://adobegripes.tumblr.com/post/296745150/photoshop-why-i... http://adobegripes.tumblr.com/post/236090781/the-many-slider... Looks like he confuses control with freedom. Sometimes I get a lot of freedom exactly by giving up control for someone else to worry about. Now I then I see Amazon's Kindle incident mentioned. And in context like this they conveniently forget to mention that Amazon made it possible to download the book again or get a refund. Nor do they quote Amazon spokesman: "We are changing our systems so that in the future we will not remove books from customers' devices in these circumstances." First don't use Word and iWorks, now don't use SaaS. Don't use this, don't use that. I can now longer grasp Stallman's vision of freedom, but now I am pretty sure it scares me. If RMS is willing to paint himself into the corner of his cave, all power to him. I just don't see the iPad as replacement for anything. And I was not talking about it specifically in my comment. My personal and work accounts are both using GMail. I don't have the source of it, I cannot just login and change id, but I do not care. You can get a bunch of programmable calculators in App Store, or just get Numbers and use all the formulas it offers. My car probably has a couple dozens of CPU which I have no interest to program for. My TV probably runs linux, but I am not going to hack it. Most likely I will program for iPad, but I'd hate to do it on iPad. I love to eat soup with a spoon, but I'd hate to carve spoon with a spoon. [citation needed] Replicate the same in Java, and let's do the comparison. #5 makes a lot of sense and is often overlooked. The argument often is that it is not the tools that determine the quality, of the app, but let's see: Adobe CS5 Flash2iPhone is developed without iPhone OS 4 in sight. The main target users for it are those who are not familiar with iPhone OS and frameworks and would enjoy just pushing a button and letting the tool to do the rest. The timing is such, that a flood of apps developed this way would arrive just in time iPhone OS 4 comes out. End user does not know and does not care which tools the App was developed in. No surprise this does not look pretty in Apple's eyes. I and cannot imagine Flash2iPhone style of app producing anything about mediocre. If it targets Android too — even more so. This way all you can get is unisex, unisize sportswear. Apple wants tailor suits and designer dresses. Well, here on HN I often hear that open is better and wins ;) I really liked when my nephew put a Tic-Tac sticker on the alarm clock: "Two calories per tic-tac" There is tons of competition on features and price. That's exactly the problem. Apple does not compete on features and price, they compete on user experience. 2) Marketers, 3) Users 3 is 2. The hype about iPhone and iPad was there before Apple said a word about these products. Nitpick, but video codec is not a web standard. There was a big discussion whether HTML5 should require support for some codec, and in the end it does not. Otherwise Apple's WebKit (which is the rendering engine for Chrome) is doing very well in terms of web-standards. I've just visited acid3.acidtests.org. That was funny on several levels :) but instead Apple decided to let Adobe invest time and money into the development of the product only to rush in at the last minute and say, "sorry, you can't do that." Uhm, did Adobe even ask Apple about its plans before starting to working on the product? Did they discussed "business plans" with Apple? Does Apple owe something to Adobe? So now if I own a platform and have plans for it, should I go around asking all the guys "hey do you plan to do something on my platform"? If they are going to do something, they should approach me and discuss it. Who cares how powerful iPad is as long as it is fast? And it is fast . And, for the hudnreth time: iPad comes with IPS screen. One guy writes that iPad is not for him and that means that "this device won't go so far"? Selling 300 000 of these on the first day means nothing I guess. The iPad OS is a phone OS, whatever powerful it is, it'll be always way behind any desktop OS. A car, whatever poferful it is, it'll be always way behind any train. So? And about iPhone OS 4.0 multi-tasking, it just made me laugh, it just proved me Apple failed to support real multi-tasking. You laugh, users don't care. Will they be able listen Pandora in the background? Sure they will. Will they receive skype calls, even when Skype is not in front? Sure they will. Will navigation software run in background, even you switch to other app? Yes it will. Meanwhile enjoy your well thought multitouch suppor of Windows 7 on HP slate and the battery life with real multitasking. in a way that invalidates an Adobe product a few days before that Adobe product is set to launch. You can look at it this way: Adobe's product would invalidate Apple's product it is about to launch: iPhone OS 4 (and iPhone experience in general). I think Jason Snell put it rather well: http://www.macworld.com/article/150539/2010/04/apple_world.h... I prefer WI for some tasks, Firebug for others, but with every update I feel I need FB less and less. Yes. It's so easy to forget that some 180 000 apps were accepted. Macports version runs just fine on Snow leopard http://www.apple.com/accessibility/iphone/vision.html jQuery is translating/interpreting that new language for you. jQuery is more than just JavaScript it's an interpreter/compiler for a new language. What? Care to explain what does jQuer "compile" your "new language" to? The fact that jQuery uses CSS syntax to target DOM elements does not turn it into compiler. Or are you saying that it somehow runs the selector? Sorry, but you are talking nonsense. jQuery uses CSS3 syntax (most browsers understand this syntax just fine) plus some extra. Selector in jQuery is just a parameter. If I tic-tac-toe which has function t3(position, value) and pass call it t3("top left", "x") would you claim that "top left" somehow is compiled and executed? Really, how do you execute CSS selector? jQuery uses sizzle ( http://sizzlejs.com ) as CSS selector library, it parses CSS and returns elements matched but it does not run anything. Or do you think that Apple really did ban parsing of parameters passed to JavaScript functions? On the other hand I'd love to see iPhone app written in CSS selectors. How does tactile feedback help to read for the blind? Sorry, but if you knew what you are talking about, you would not call a parser with callbacks a compiler with VM. Maybe SAX parsers are also compilers and run some VM? What does parsed CSS selector compile to? Where is that VM and what does it run? Bytecode? Sizzle is just a parser what parses given selector into parts, gets matchin DOM elements, filters them and returns what matches. There is no compilation or virtual machines involved, just some string parsing, callbacks and DOM API. Too bad that navigation model chosen does not allow to browse the presentation on iPhone/iPad. Many of those advanced features (session/local/web SQL DB storage, geolocation, CSS transforms/transitions/animations, offline web apps) are supported in Mobile Safari—in fact some appeared there first. HTML5 was started by WHATWG which stands for Web Hypertext Applications Technology Working Group. A lot of work shown there is under umbrella of "Web Applications 1.0", see http://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/FAQ#What_are_the_various_version... Again… Was US phone system open when Jobs and Woz were hacking it? If not, why is this example there. And most importantly, your attempts to delve into the mysteries of how the device functions will be punished. Grab the SDK and delve into the mysteries. Exactly. I assume telephone was in the nearly every house in US in seventies, but not everyone became Woz and Jobs. Now computers are in the every home, and phones are in everyone's pocket. Should we expect everyone to become a hacker all of the sudden? I'd argue that now we have a lot lot more hackers than 40 years ago—and just the number of them makes them "invisible". Furthermore, NeXT^H^H^H^H Apple is now an even larger threat to computing freedom. Sure. Mostly sponsoring the development of Clang and by shipping it for free with their OS. and if developer sentiment is an early indicator Be careful: what you see on HN can be a very bad indicator of the real situation. All that was kind of blown out of proportion. There was kind of poll on HN asking iPhone developers how they feel about 3.3.1 and most of those who do develop for iPhone said more or less along the lines "I don't care much". The biggest outcry was probably from those who never did nor were going to develop for iPhone. At least they found some justification for that now. It's easy to get scared by rejection stores, but: App Store has close to 200 000 apps now. What are the real chances to get your app rejected? I really enjoyed this bit from the Jhonatan Ive: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0fe800C2CU#t=1m49s (1:49-2:25) I've always suffered from at least a partial Mac envy. So you don't own a Mac? Let me explain: Apple makes some devices: a phone called iPhone; a music player called iPod. About two weeks ago they started to ship their new product iPad — kind of media consumption device. And they also make computers, which happen to be called Macs: Mac Pro, iMac, Mac mini and Macbooks. These are great for programming: you get UNIX with GUI what makes sense. Also you get a half a dozen or so programming languages out of the box, including free IDEs. TextEdit is worth mentioning then too. To put that in perspective, right now, somewhere around 60% of the browsers in the hands of users aren’t capable of rendering the canvas tag. That's unfortunate choice of words. A lot of browsers that users actually have in hands —those on iPads, iPhones, iPods Touch are indeed better off with canvas, not Flash. I know there is a promise to have Flash on mobiles anytime soon, but not on Apple's devices, and those make up for a huge part of mobile browsing. I wrote this snippet ~10 years ago when learning Perl: for(<>){chop;$s{join'',sort split'',lc}.=" $_"}for(sort%s){/. /&&print"$_\n"} Running against wordlist.txt was fun (anemic cinema, bedroom boredom, etc.) They should have a photo with hands on that thing. This would instantly explain what's wrong with it. Because then you can waste even more time on very fine things like cinematography or literature in original Language. Translations just don't cut it, no matter how good they are. English is my fourth language and I would gladly add at least one more—I am seriously considering learning Swedish. The sequence of lines has very little bearing on execution sequence. Maybe I misunderstood what you said, bet sequence is important. When two separate rules (with the same specificity) match an element, the last one wins. There is a reason why devs learn LoVe-HAte mnemonics. For those who don't know it helps to remember the order of CSS rules for links: a:link, a:visited, a:hover, a:active. A:focus is getting more use recently, so usually it is stuck betveen V and H. just six pages of applications. One of them was Facebook. And there, on the Facebook screen, was the Apple engineer, Gray Powell. Apple has cops seize all of authors computers, phones, etc. IIRC Apple cannot do that, DA can. Which netbook comes with IPS screen? What's the typical battery life? It's an effect of "-webkit-transform: rotateY(-180deg);" They have a nice flip effect for WebKit browsers: see it in action by clicking "See all new features". But why would you want to develop for a minority platform You may want to do that if majority of paying customers are on that minority platform. There's nothing ridiculous in Fitts' law. Actually I am not sure you can get this effect on cheap camera. Which cheap camera uses curtain shutter? And I would be extremely surprised to see that kind of shutter on the cameraphone. They are not going to be selling Macs in ten years. I don't think so. From their second quarter report for this year: Apple sold 2.94 million Macintosh® computers during the quarter, representing a 33 percent unit increase over the year-ago quarter http://www.opensource.apple.com/ Sure that's not the whole deal, but still. I guess by "standards pertaining to the web" Apple means HTML, Javascript (ECMAScript to be precise) and CSS. What do you mean by "standards pertaining to what software is allowed to run on your computer" ? did they really needed to do that just RIGHT BEFORE CS5 was going to ship I believe so. Otherwise they release iPhone OS 4, but customers get a flood of non-native, non-HIG aware apps coded by Flash developers and compiled for i* by the tool who knows nothing about new version of the OS. That cannot be the great user experience. I hope we can all agree that Apple has never really been an open standards company We cannot. I strongly disagree. At least in the web space there is a lot of innovation comming from or strongly supported by Apple. It's complicate. I believe each and every of their closed project depends a lot on a number of open ones—just take a look at Settings->About->Legal on iPhone or take a look at http://www.apple.com/opensource/ . On the other hand they do not contribute to all of OSS they use. But http://www.opensource.apple.com/ is still impressive. That's not about keeping users stupid, it's about not making them worry about stuff they should not worry about. The user may be the world's best neurosurgeon, does that mean that they have to learn about filesystems? most computer software is generally poorly designed You are right about this one. But the thing is that Apple does exactly that: offering well designed software. It's not about buying fish, it's about hiding unneeded complexity. How do you drive the car: press the gas and it goes, press the brakes and it stops. Turn the wheel to the right and it turns to the right. You need zero knowledge about what's going under the hood. Now take the iPad: tap an app and it launches, press the home button and it stops. Swipe to the right, swipe to the left… If I lost my phone in a bar, would you think to sell it to Gizmodo? you could develop in Flash and bypass the App Store. Well, if Apple were making a bulk of money from App Store this point would hold. But Apple does not: they are making money on hardware. Anything that helps to sell hardware is good. Flash would make iP* seem unreliable and battery hungry—bad. Hence, no Flash. and return the trend to flash again. Flash is not a codec. Flash can be used to serve H.264 Apple does not have a big selection yet. And let's not forget there are other means to get books on iPad. I have Stanza, Classics, Eucalyptus and Kindle on my iPhone… I have already bought 15 book at Kindle Store, and I don't even own a Kindle—I read them on the iPhone and my Macs. I am really looking forward to get iPad—Kindle for iPad looks much nicer than their Mac version. Hell, without Gizmodo, Apple would have never gotten the phone back! The guy who lost the phone called the bar several times to find out if anybode gave the phone back. If the guy who took the phone had done that he should—gave the device to bartender, the Apple would have the phone back easeily. Of course, there would be no story for Gizmodo in that case. Hint: you won't find the answer in the post. Just some speculation based on (wierd, IMHO) assumption: This is problematic because if there were no fear of voiding warranty, undoubtedly many customers would jailbreak their iPhone, There would be alternate markets for iPhone software, and there would be a truly competitive marketplace. Are apps in Cydia all coded in Flash, or Haskel? What does he mean by "truly competitive"? Is it all because of the warranty clause, really? You can put mp3 on your iPod from any source without voiding the warranty. Does not hurt ITMS a bit. Cool, future is already here, but unevenly distributed. We have already got one of four over there: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dalia_Grybauskait%C4%97 My psychology lecturer at the university told exactly that: many of those choosing psychology to study do that in hope to solve their problems. More than once I had a wish managers would have read this book: http://www.amazon.com/Peopleware-Productive-Projects-Teams-S... There is an enjoyable book on the subject: http://www.fightthebull.com/book.asp Apple is fundamentally a different kind of company than almost all other software or hardware companies. I was just reading this today (it's not fresh, I just got around to read it finaly): http://www.pragmaticmarketing.com/publications/magazine/6/4/... I have more trust allowing Skype access my webcam and mic. How often are these capabilities of Flash used (besides chatroulette)? isn't even really that funny. Yep, this one was better: http://james-iry.blogspot.com/2009/05/brief-incomplete-and-m... See dimensions of the photo you have on FB. Most likely 5Mpx is 10x that. I doubt that is true. What would the ratio number_of_people_capable_to_repair_TV_set/number_of_people watching_TV compare to number_of_people_programming_for_smartphones/number_of_people_using_smarphones? My guess is that the latter is much bigger. What kind of bullshit is this? The spec does not forbid you to use any codec you want. Or do you want it to ban H.264 so inferior codecs could have a chance? Way to go. CSS purist should learn that vendor prefixes are not hacks. :active http://dowebsitesneedtolookexactlythesameineverybrowser.com/ No. I never ever used it for anything I would consider private. I just add whatever rules I need for my elements. I don't get this all fuss about CSS Resets, and to have them in separate file is not… very wise, let's say. I call it needless overhead. Seriously, is it that difficult to reset padding and margins only when you need that? Do you really want to have extra HTTP request for some dumb CSS file you can do just fine without? And it has nothing to do with code reuse. Setting a margin, whoa, rocket surgery, no less. I am. Online video on mobile is something I can easily do without. It would be interesting to see how he will write about coming back to iPhone when he realizes there are things more important than Flash. Comments how Apple is chasing Google because of something Android will do is also amusing. Just wait the man himself to explain those. Yes, I am in denial that Flash is essential feature: I have flashblock extension on my Chrome and Click2flash on Safari. There is a news for you: it comes preinstalled on OS X. Do you really know, and want to know, every case where IE6/Safari3/ObscureBrowser300 adds a default padding/margin, and how that is different from Opera/Firefox/etc? If I care about the margin, I will set it myself anyway. If I don't care, I don't care what the default is and have no need to reset it. As simple as that. It also comes with sqlite. Is it really cheaper to turn AC off and then recool the building compared to keeping AC running? Apple has a tiny sliver of the total phone market and that's what he meant That was mentioned in the article: Apple has 10x less market share than Nokia and still more revenue. So existence of A-bomb or low-tech genocide somehow justifies creation of new means to kill people? You can maintain it without any quitting: just think before you post anything. Maybe that means that those arcicles/tutorials are not for you or your end users. Elsewhere in the world IE has less than 50% share. Also, maybe those articles/tutorials are not assuming that everything should look the same in every browser. Maybe some are happy to have rounded corners, drop shadows in better browsers and think it is acceptable to provide square corners and no shadows for IE. http://dowebsitesneedtolookexactlythesameineverybrowser.com/ Ok, Apple does have music selling through itunes, hardware (very low market share here!) and the mobile app sales. You should research what share of profits they have with that very low market share in both computers and smartphones markets. Unfortunately, there is no solid evidence to support it, not five years ago, not four years ago, and not today Yeah, all cool startups choose perl as their language of choice (it has CGI.pm, not to mention the whole CPAN), PragProgs are releasing a ton of Perl books each year and bored hackers implement Perl in JS, just because. Of course Perl is not going anywhere anytime soon. But it is not interesting, attractive and sexy any more — just another legacy language with huge amount of code written. As good as dead. Adobe does exist in part just because Apple invested in them early in its days. Java — maybe getting close. Others — no. Ruby and Python (including RoR and Django of course) are quite popular for new projects. C/C++ will always be there and let's not forget LLVM adding more interest. One just has to wonder will the new hire bow to A/B testing for 40 shades of green Android logo should be colored… I'm pointing out their weaknesses because it seems that most people are too focused on their strengths while ignoring their weaknesses. It's because people deal with strengths every time they use web app, while weaknesses are encountered rarely and sometime can be prepared for (getting maps cached, etc.) Local mail app can get DB corrupted too. #4 reminded me of these two laws: a) there is always a bug b) every program can be reduced at least by one instruction. Hence, you can reduce every program to a single instruction which is a bug. App Store's terms and conditions are there: http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/appstore/us/terms.html If you are not in US you can find yours there: http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/ww/ They want to lock their users into paying for games that they can play freely online if only they could use flash. How many examples of such games can you provide? I mean those who can be played on touchscreen without a mouse and a keyboard. Apple must be making ton of money with their native equivalents on iP*, right? With the Dell Streak expected to have flash support and almost as powerful CPU as many netbooks, Apple is already falling out of the market Yeah sure, people bought 2 000 000 iPads in two months but now Apple will suddenly lose all that appeal to some device not in the market yet. Perception indeed. Nobody cares about your definition of standard. Standards should work everywhere IMO By this definition we hardly have any standards. Say hello to IE6. So you are still stuffing USB keys to your floppy drive? Excuse me? IE6 was a standard of what exactly? Sure it was the best browser back in 2001, it was the most popular browser for a while, so what? The point of my comment was that standard is not something that works on the browser you have, it is something that parties agree upon. How many of those bashing Apple here know that the editor of HTML5 spec (Ian Hickson) is from Google, not Apple? How many do know, that all that nifty stuff this demo shows is already submitted to W3C? How many do know, that a lot of it is already supported by Mozilla and Opera with (oh horror!) their own vendor prefixes? Alas, judging from comments a few do understand what vendor prefixes are. I am a member of WHATWG mailing list so I can see how standards are born, and this level of misunderstanding about web standards in general and HTML5 in particular really saddens me. different hack: http://toki-woki.net/p/scroll-clock/ Or you can use cmd+shift+4 instead of cmd+shift+3. This allows you to select a region on the screen or you can press spacebar, mouse over the window you want to copy and press enter. And nobody joins it anymore? No, he just has chosen his audience — those who like to take a pictures, a bit above point-and-shoot level, but not much. His writing is targeted at people like that. For anyone with higher ambitions I'd recommend http://bythom.com/ Wasn't it mentioned in keynote? Where do I got June 21st date then… So Nexus One has 960x640 300+ ppi, IPS LED backlit display? Its 5Mpx camer is with backside illumination? How is Nexus One increased battery life compared to iPhone 4? 10 hours of video, correct? Except you have to call first to verify that whoever you are calling is on wifi. My guess is that you won't need to do that: if both sides are using Face Time capable devices and are on WiFi they will get videochat option, if not — it will be deactivated. In Europe where wifi is something you have to search for and 3G is something which is everywhere, this renders the feature absolutely useless. Nobody has Wi-Fi in their homes and offices? Must be some different Europe from where I am. Sure people do have computers with Skype installed at those places, but iPhone video chat will give much more flexibility. It would be pretty tough to show "look what my cat is doing!" using iMac or even Macbook compared to just switching to rear facing camera and pointing it at the cat. The original iPhone had a competitive advantage based on a "real" webkit-based browser, visual voicemail, a large multitouch display, on-screen keyboard with good auto-correction...etc, etc Funny, but most of those were dismissed by naysayers when iPhone was introduced. The capabilities of Mobile Safari were mostly ignored ("I've my Opera Mini/Mobile"), multitouch ("Apple did not invent multitouch!" — and conveniently not mentioning that iPhone had capacitive multitouch), and no physical keyboard was presented as a huge flaw. You don't pay for the news when you buy physical newspaper, you buy for distribution. Newspapers get money from advertisers, online or offline. The problem with online is that many are used to get commodity news for free. Anyway, ads suck (mostly). Newspapers who care first about advertisers (at the expense of readers) suck too and deserve do die, IMHO. But I expected to walk out of San Francisco’s Moscone Center yesterday longing for the next iPhone despite my current allegiance to Android. That didn’t happen. It did not happen, because it simply couldn't. After reading the article I cannot imagine what could Apple offer to satisfy him it apart from shipping iPhone 4 with Android OS. Really, if you dismiss all the good points as not so important, what's left? Rainbows and ponies? He prefers Android, that's OK but Apple just cannot satisfy him then, no matter what they do. That's OK too, that's why we have a choice. I did enjoy Job's joke about iMovie on iPhone: "If we will approve it". Whose motorcycle is this? It's a chopper, baby. Whose chopper is this? It's Zed's. Who's Zed? Zed's dead, baby. Zed's dead. Would nicely complement a station wagon full of tapes for bandwidth. I doubt there is a way to detect is someone uses this mode or not. Safari loads the full page, and then you have an option to trigger reader mode, which does not even replace the page: it's like lightbox for images: original page is dimmed and you get nicely formatted text in front of it. His fans alway point out that his ideas are for some greater good, but don't ever bother to elaborate how the ultimate future according to Stallman would look like. Another common point is that they adore the guy sticking to his believes. You know what, believes can be wrong too… His is way out simply because his needs and thinking is waaaay different from ordinary people (software users). I couldn't care less how proprietary is equipment in my car, all I want is it to run smoothly. On the other hand mechanic servicing my car couldn't care less what powers his computer as long as it does what he needs. I am sure there will be a lot hand waving about the greater good without any demonstration of such good. I don't think any radical idea was ever good. "don't listen to your customers" means doing exactly the way you describe it in the second paragraph. It does not mean "don't pay attention to what your customers are doing". Wasn't that the lesson Apple learned the hard way? IIRC one of the first thing Jobs did on his return to Apple was to trim the product line. I've just checked with WebKit nightly, GMail checker works fine on it. However I am not sure if it will work if you don't have Safari 5 installed.