Still not good enough to compile most of their "open source" projects. Windows had it first and then it was added to Linux (at least that's what I'm told). The reason this isn't a mistake is that most desktop apps (unlike mobile apps) are open source and community maintained. Command line apps work pretty well on android, I use them every day. They're in the process of rewriting the DOM handler to support dynamic changes from JavaScript. JavaScript itself runs well. Maybe it would be better to just specify the length of the source file in bytes, so we don't have these weird arguments about line length. Have you ever tried hacking on any of Google's "open source" projects? Android is ~100GB just to download for example, but I think chromium is smaller. Critical systems should be open source by law. Any android ROM is still primarily built for consumption at the end of the day. The good news is that FB has behaved so poorly that almost no one I know uses it or trusts it any more, so we know that in the long run at least this kind of behavior doesn't work. There have been others, at least one last year. I don't know why they say this is the first. After Toyota I don't think I would trust a closed source self driving car. Having ability is not the same as having incentive. And in this case having ability doesn't just mean "showing that it works" like most people seem to think. You can supposedly do Google docs style colaboritive editing with it (and the plugin supports Emacs and atom too). It's a storage api not a spreadsheet api. Dropbox itself can't do that, but it can get you the data and you can use an xls library or program to edit them. As if building android didn't need more bizarre dependencies setup. And how exactly do you build your projects? Msbuild? That's a 2 (4?) GB download. For a long time I only downloaded open source apks. They're easier to find and there's a good chance they're safe. It depends. Older style controls yes, but it wouldn't be hard to use encrypted digital control signals and make that impossible. Android would be a much more interesting is if the source for everything was included and could be compiled on the phone. Satilite ISPs actually do this. The one I had when I lived with my parents gave us 18 GB a month with unlimited downloads between midnight and 5:00 am. Since I ran Linux I'd just throw my heavy downloads in crontab and go to bed and have my big shiny package the next morning. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. Dealing with the play store can be a bit of a pain. The UI really isn't that great and the downloads are sometimes very slow. So it's honestly just a whole lot easier to side load sometimes. On Linux you're allowed to mmap gpio as well if I'm not mistaken. Actually, that looks like it's not run by github at all (github allows it's users to host static pages). Someone else made that and is hosting via github.io and then a 3rd person found this page and linked it using the JavaScript page. Honestly, Gopher is clean and pleasant. I'd imagine one of the problems with that is most researchers must sell the rights to their research to journal publishers. .com and .net are pretty similar if I understand correctly. They do with shell scripts (although there's a way to turn it off). I had a Mac before the iPhone came out but after Lion I switched to Linux. RSA is pretty short (just modular exponentiation). The problem is all the stuff that goes around it: key generation, padding etc. git, tar, make, and gcc (or clang/llvm) Probably still work. That's hilarious. I did this years ago and haven't looked back. You can compile the gimp. Sounds like a furry orgie. The best part about android is that all the important apps are tied together and have to be updated at once. It seems like it really wouldn't be hard to write an MMS worm that stuck around for a while. Qualcomm SOC abandon all hope! Captcha'd downloads are the worst: no restarting, no automation, no direct linking. Preemptive killing like that is murder. It's nice to be able to run go and vim on my phone when I want to. How on earth is that better then a raspberry pi? The math will be a prerequisite so the university will handle making sure he has taken a high enough math. Honestly the hard part about college courses is motivation to study and do assignments not comprehension, so if he is motivated enough he'll do well. So this is why what-if hasn't been updated. My phone has at least two encrypted messaging apps on it that I've been meaning to learn how to use. Everyone I know uses Kik though and has 0 desire to switch. So we really don't know that they where actually using them if that's all they really found. To everyone complaining about the price: It's pretty difficult to build a robot that does much of anything for under ~$40. And this isn't just a robot, it has All these pieces that communicate with each other. You could do this in theory with gpg by signing keys with a master key after generating them but there's no way to do it automatically with ssh (that I'm aware of) I think it only had spheres to terminate each pipe. Just a reminder about why people still use xp:, earlier versions of windows supported a real time mode (sort of like the preempt rt Linux patches). This is needed in order to run some equipment but later versions of windows (post xp) have dropped support for it. Linux software also != website but doesn't suffer from these problems. Current mobile software really sucks in pretty much every way and there's nothing more to be said. While that might be true in theory, in practice app stores aren't much safer then Linux package managers are. You can tell they're non trivial if you do any kind of HF radio stuff. When you plug one in the higher end of the spectrum fills with one kind of wideband digital looking noise for about a second, and then another noise there after. It only says CSE in the readme, which makes sense. The older calculators (including the CSE) use the 8-bit z80 while the CE uses the 24 bit ez80. Furthermore, the OS and app signing keys on the CE have not yet been found. You can't really know what it does because the firmware is closed. Firmware on devices like this is an example of why open source is so important. Golang is pretty great. The power consumption was the number 1 reason I couldn't use the PI in most of my projects so this is super exciting (the number 2 being cost). Of course you don't want web pages opening TCP and UDP sockets. The web isn't for writing apps it's for publicly editable documents with hyperlinks. I'm giving synching a try after fighting with Google drive both on my phone and on my laptop. The complete lack of a Linux client meant I could never heavily use it anyway. iCloud sounds like it has all the Google drive problems and then some. I wanted one of their phones so incredibly badly but you can't buy them here in the US. Now there's the Ubuntu touch phone which you (supposedly) /can/ buy in the us and (from what I've heard) also runs X11 apps. That sounds really cute. But dangerous... It really doesn't matter whether your computer is that fast. For heavy (scientific) number crunching you probably want to use a cloud provider or at least a dedicated machine. For pretty much anything else a two year old phone has plenty of power and it's just a matter of whether the proprietary OS that comes with it lets you run the software you want to run. I honestly don't know what you mean by saying mobile phones are abysmal at multitasking (multi threading? Multiple processes? Drawing Multiple UIs?). Mine doesn't seem to have a problem with multi threading or multiple processes and the only reason I don't use it more is because the UI is horrible and I can't replace it. Also if your source files are long enough to slow your editor down you should probably start factoring stuff out (long files are hard to read), but I've never heard of or seen that actually happening IRL. I suppose there's compiling but I've built kernels and other large things on my phone and it wasn't noticeably worse than my laptop. I bought one and definitely recommend it. I played around writing a brainfuck machine in verilog to learn it and it's very different. Visitor count fluctuations differ on sites with differing content. HN for example has far fewer visitors during the weekend. I stopped using steam because it seems to expect a broadband internet connection. It will often (sometimes without prompting) overwrite and re-download gigabytes of data The university I go to makes a point of telling us almost every day that we have no rights because we signed them away when we accepted the application. Cellular carriers at this point are really just low traffic ISPs anyway. He's dead. Computing theory and information theory apply to much more than just Von Neumann architecture computers. I don't think I've ever thought of "addictive" as a positive attribute to a game. Reddit and HN are addictive, I want entertainment that I can leave when I want and that has depth. Or maybe a ti84+ port? :D Which is how most people.wear watches (especially expensive ones). Just a note to anyone new to rsync and friends: Rsync is a really fast version of cp that also works over networks. Rsync does not go both ways /and/ handle file deletion (you have to choose one or the other), so it can't replace dropbox and syncthing for example. Can't zoom. The reason one would want to do this is to reduce wear on the watch, since the dominant hand is going and doing things the dominant wrist is more likely to be smacked. This goes double for expensive watches. I absolutely love fvwm. Motif beats the pants off gtk any day of the week. He acknowledges and supports that. He's not saying "don't use facebook" but "facebook is fun but temporary, like a party. Don't leave stuff there." Android is an OS for text messaging and web browsing. If that's all you want to do then it's great! Otherwise it's absolutely aweful. This is an underrated post. To bad Google play doesn't offer older version downloads. I've never used x11 on the pi but it seems like a lot of the memory is allocated as disk cache in the default distributions. Plus if you use a crappy/huge DM/WM it will feel sluggish even on a fast computer. All of those are important though. I've watched affluent kids drop out of school due to a lack of hard work. The best thing for reliability is to use multiple companies. AWS has proved that multiple times. Maybe if universities offered incentives to undergraduates who cleaned up some of the articles? It would help them get recognition too. Matrices can be thought of as the coefficients to linear systems of equations. Things that linear systems of equations can do to their input variables are rotations, translations, scaling etc. Perspective distortion is another linear transform so it can be represented by a matrix. That's a good first step, now switch it to UTC. It's what most employers do. I wouldn't be so upset if the divice firmware was completely open source and easily user modifiable (android does not meet this, 100gb source download is not easy to modify). I had to become a failure in the eyes of my parents before I ever started to succeed. Obviously it only works on yes or no questions. Or just disable JavaScript? Seriously: why would you brows for with JavaScript enabled? Don't put HD background images on your website! Desktops have bandwidth caps too and most people are only interested in the page text not frilly multimedia. You're already on tor. JavaScript should be disabled by default in the tor browser bundle anyway. >Beats me why anyone is writing in C full stop. Deterministic execution, type checking at compile time, portability are all just three reasons. C does that too unless you sit in a tight loop polling something all the time. Or you could just not slap a fucking GUI on everything since most Linux users probably don't care. How on earth does this threaten Intel compared to running a normal Linux distro on any other arm machine? I already have a raspberry pi2 B set up identically to my laptop and synced with syncthing and everything just works. If I wanted to leave Intel today I could and nothing would change at all (no thanks to android) No wpa2 support though. I use it for events. Except that the android apps almost all suck. I'd far rather have the Debian repository on my phone than Google play on my laptop. Typical Google product. SMS isn't particularly secure. It's a little disturbing that some people use it for authentication. That was obviously sarcasm. It's always been easy to screw with. Some people don't use both. The university I go to requires giving root access to third party closed source apps to use most of their IT infrastructure. I don't do this of course so I end up having to use things as a "guest" and occasionally my email clients can't sync. That's a good idea for my laptop. When it works the JavaScript is limited. I've never gotten it to work. That depends, the user still has to click the mouse to make it do stuff. We already have open source CASs (a handful in fact). So no one is "building a CAS from scratch". Have you ever tried to compile it? With the current residential bandwidth caps in the US it's not even practical to download the (100GB) source. Perhaps a community maintained search engine? Nope, SMS is incredibly bad. Maybe if someone made an IM app that could interoperate with normal email clients that might be the case. > including the radios We no for a fact that they don't because that's illigal in the US. > including the radios We no for a fact that they don't because that's illigal in the US. The number of gun owners has been rising for a while now. Critical firmware must be open source and public by law. Especially as it continues to take over more control of things like cars. It should mention git pull --rebase. Otherwise it's not very useful since you'll end up clobbering stuff that collaborators have done. Most HAMs know about the dangers of microwave exposure. If it really is an issue I'd expect vision problems first since your eyes are most sensitive. I use mbsync and alpine but obviously since alpine is just an interface to the local maildir I can hop between different mail clients without anything breaking. Icons kind of suck when you can just use text which is smaller and more descriptive. This is definitely an improvement over using webfonts for custom icons though. When I search for the Virginia DMV I have to scroll past a lot of very scammy looking AdWords links. I accidentally clicked DMV.org once or twice. Seeing this makes the web suddenly feel so dark and disorganized. It makes me feel sad :( Underrated post. How hard is compiling an Ubuntu phone kernel compared to android? A lot of things seem that way with the internet but it usually turns out that by making it automatable you can replace slow human processes with instant automatic ones.. I really hate it when people act this way, now I feel the obligation to try and read their mind and figure out if what I'm doing is upsetting them or not. SMS isn't safe. Perhaps if we had some formal description of all the store fronts we could write a program to calculate the "effective rating" for the item being sold and that could help prevent attacks like these. They advertise their CDN for user/organization pages. I've always been a little bothered that they have you use got for that. Don't forget WebDAV. The Debian package repos have some quality apps, they're just not "optimised for touch screens". Connect a transistor to a gpio pin to drive a relay and power the modem through that. SBCs are so cheap at this point just grab one of those and put hostapd and iptables on it. It sounds like the app itself is closed though. Skype probably used openssl (open source crypto) on Linux but that didn't make it secure. Then require that the papers be written in fucking markdown and have pandoc handle the 1" borders and 12pt times New Roman font. I always use elinks when I'm trying to get work done as anything worth reading (documentation etc) works just fine in it but you don't have all the distracting "web stuff". Once upon a time handhelds had hardware buttons (some even had qwerty keyboards in addition to larger hardware buttons) but these have unfortunately been replaced with inaccurate touch screens. You have obviously never used troff then. Git kind of implies that you're going to execute something from the remote end anyway so it's not something like hartbleed.... Oops, my bad. I didn't realize this was a server side issue, that is pretty bad. But ECU and medical device code doesn't need to be published.... It would be easy to build a device that did something similar to this and captured pin codes on ATM machines. I don't understand what these restrictions want to solve when it's so incredibly easy to just fuck around with the WiFi cards in most normal PCs. I never even buy off the shelf routers anymore since it's so easy to just grab an old desktop no one wants for free (or nearly free) and run hostapd on it. Someone (their insurance? Them?) Won't let you rent until you're 25. It's a shame more of it isn't going to financial aid. Maybe the universities would do better investing in student run research. I only have 50 stack overflow points /total/ (although I only very rarely post) so I would absolutely agree that it's way too high. This isn't talked about enough. More people in both secular and religious contexts need to notice how bad this can get sometimes. My parents house (that I used to live at) was a mile from it's mailbox at the end of a long private dirt road. I would walk to get the mail every afternoon (I was homeschooled) to help clear my head and to get some daily exercise. The developer machines are still (by necessity) connected to the Internet. Opera works great on android (although I guess it's still largely WebKit based) That was definitely one of the more readable articles on the front page. IMO if more web developers where blind like this guy then maybe the web would be more readable. No, honestly this is more readable for sited people too (speaking as one). I am 100% for a "bland" web. I thought the PDP-11 had 128k. Apparently these are a huge net (monetary) gain for most schools. This is why web apps are bad. (among other reasons) The UI can change for any reason without you knowing and with no way to stop it. Hahaha. I don't think I've ever used a single web app where the UI got better over time. Perhaps hn is the only exception. I tried to reply to you but I'm on my phone and accidentally hit something else, to get back out I tried to hit the back button but that hit yet another link. Aren't touch screens fun! It could be doing OTA firmware updates for example. Aspell will spell check, I know alpine will let you run this after the email is written, I don't know if mutt or pine will. I actually was taught a lot about personal finance in highschool and was absolutely horrified at the way higher education was financed to the point of avoiding it for years. Community colleges are WAY underrated. Although most of the worth of a degree is the networking you do earning it. It's kind of like "limit" and "dx/dy" in calculus compared to the crazy long prose people in ancient times had to write. There are lots of tiny little issues like this in android that have been fixed for a long time in things like GNU. The worst part about android is that it's just so incredibly huge there's no way for anyone to come in and tweak little things. How do you go about doing this? Last time I started I was told to pull down 100 GB of code. That's ~ the monthly limit of my connection so that wasn't happening I have an hp50g and it kind of sucks in infix mode compared to RPN mode IMO. Everything is hidden behind layers and layers of menus sort of like the TI calculators (which is the point I guess?) Homeschooling is underrated honestly. No, what we need is the ability to modify the system software on our phones easily to stop this kind of thing. On a normal Unix system you would just run the app as a separate user (or worst case, sandbox it) but on android non of the interfaces (or really much of anything at all) can be controlled by the user. Vim/LaTeX is way faster though. And there's no way to make that in any clean way with the web. What's wrong with a sane makefile oriented thing with a small tool chain and letting the user pick the editor/IDE? Why does every large company build out this ridiculous IDE for their product? The worst part about Google maps while driving is that it won't read directions until your right up on the turn. That's a perfectly reasonable goal for a high school or someone performing self study. The whole point of a university is to impart knowledge of subtle things. Thatsthejoke.jpg I hope it's not as "lightweight" as android and chromeos. Inferno runs strait off Linux (you start the emu program). Plan9 also has 9vx or so. Plus with plan9, all you need to start a workstation is 9pcf (the multiboot PC kernel) and a plan9.ini. You can literally just hand those two things to qemu and mount the rootfs from a file server with almost no setup. This is why I generally choose small open source Linux based tools over smartphone apps and the like. I just don't trust app and web developers because they have repeatedly worked against my interests. Plan9 never really was built for clusters. Rather it was it built to unify the configuration and administration of all of your computers. One of the plan9 users put a lot of work into a terminal boot disk that supports rootfs over flakey connections. Also, last I checked I believe 9front supports mounting root over AAN which supports roaming between networks and flakey connections. It's disappointing to see the distrust in Linux even after the developers bend over backwards to keep people from using Wi-Fi devices wrong. Qemu is a thousand times better if your OS has KVM support. Especially for running terminals since the only files you'll need are plan9.ini (a short text file) and 9pcf (the terminal kernel). You don't even have to set up a disk image, it just mounts root from your file server and you have everything ready to go! Go ahead! I don't keep anything on Facebook that I don't have locally. Synching is great for backing things like photos up. Although that sounds like a one way thing that you could do with rsync. Just like he said, that involves touching the screen and opening a menu. There's no predictable way to immediately silence your phone. I have a car that does. My last phone would play audio on it for about 30 seconds and then immediately disconnect. On a previous version of the firmware it would reliably panic and reboot after ~20 minutes of playing music. It worked fine with other speakers but there was something"magical" going on between it and the car. I run my own web server with a residential ISP and they don't seem to mind. But in places like an office or with really crappy ISPs you just don't have a public IP. I've searched for services that just let you forward out a few ports over SSH but these don't seem to exist. Right now, to get to my laptop I have a raspberry pi "jump box" that sits on the book shelf and my laptop connects to it over SSH and forwards out port 80 and 22 so I can get to it from pretty much any network. The SNES was actually supposed to play NES games as well, but that ended up getting dropped. Typing out text isn't hard (and honestly, if you're working with software it's preferable). GUIs give you two things to learn: the fancy editor, and the language. Yeah but that's very closed and it gives apple/Google a lot of power. I think the current chip/pin API is open enough you could probably do it with just your it phone. But the free (as in libre) software movement has done something socially that I don't think could have been accomplished with BSD. That kind of registration sometimes works in the beginning but quickly becomes a mountain of irrelevant requirements and paperwork. At least with jail you have garnanteed food and shelter. Being a sex offender means you're probably never going to be participating in society in any meaningful way anyway and at least prison sentences tend to have an end. My reason is that I'm quite tired of paperwork and suspicion from payment processors when doing totally mundane things (like buying a PDA manufacturered by a small European company). The more of these laws that exist the more shit I have to do as a law abiding citizen. I use bitcoin because I like just not caring. This looks like a great article but on a phone the margins are as wide as the text! And they used that wrapping mode that stretches lines out instead of truncating them which looks great if you don't want to read the text but is super annoying when you are. So it's really a Western web and not an open web. You've proven exactly what everyone on here is saying: there's so much focus on marketing and audiences that many users get completely shafted. That's sad to see given that the web is often heralded as something that gives under privileged people access, and the ability to share, to powerful and useful information. I'll buy one when I can have a room full of xterm windows. That just draws a desktop onto a big texture. Plus it only runs on Windows. That would be super cool but you would have a battery life of like 60 minutes. It's well known that Financial companies are generally among the worst places for programmers to work. Learning COBOL just sets you up for a lot of that. Your phone's antenna probably runs along the side of the screen, same with your laptop's. You want polarisation to match for best signal strength so it's best to have your phone as close to the same angle as your laptop screen as you can get it. Word (and pandoc and textedit and whatever else) exports HTML. Most GUI shells will mount (or do something like mount) a WebDAV or FTP server. This stuff is only complicated if you make it complicated. 32 bit windows XP was an RTOS. This is one of the reasons so many people where reluctant to leave it. Honestly not surprising that the problem came from the gnome project. Spotify actually does use peer to peer distribution although it's not open source. I'm 21 and I don't get it, I don't think it's an age thing but a personality thing. "Infinite deminsional gender space" You could argue that's smart as long as you don't use Facebook to log in to anything else. He can say whatever he wants and now one can be sure it's him. This is my feeling exactly! Bitcoin ux (especially for online only stuff that doesn't actually need an address) is actually way nicer than typing in my credit card. This last time I tried to buy something with my credit card I accidentally mistyped the code on the back and they disabled it until I called the card issuer and gave them my SSN! I don't want mouse input in the shell, half the reason I use it is to avoid the mouse. You could have it with current VTEs though, GPM works just fine and I use it with vim. 2D barcodes solve a slightly different problem and end up wasting a lot of space on two things: 1 you don't need a header for every frame but these barcodes do. 2 (for QR this is the worst one) there is a lot of space wasted to help detect and correct perspective distortion. The copy left license certainly has helped add driver code over the past few years. The rules for using DFS 5ghz channels are so harsh that the networks built with them are almost uselessly unreliable. You're /far/ better off just not using channels requiring DFS. Especially if it means you can actually own the equipment you paid for. "I'm an iPhone Sent from my iPhone" This whole thread I thought this is what people meant by "lawn" because I live in a rural place where this is very normal. I thought everyone was really whiny because it really doesn't take /that/ much work to maintain a yard like this. I honestly don't understand why it's so uncommon. Fuel is a very dense way to store energy. I've been using tor, then onion.to for non tor devices. I would argue that the reason vegans are much healthier isn't their specific diet but that they're paying so much attention to their diet. I would understand the excitement for this if there where some fairly decentralized payment protocol so any single third party would not have the final say in wether or not you could buy/sell something and/or those rights where protected by law, but neither of those are true. One could write a com loader for Linux pretty easily. My grandparents have chickens and they don't need "artificial light" to be tricked in to laying eggs. I didn't know there was a vaccine for that! If we vaccinated all the chickens would it kill off salmonella the way human diseases have been eradicated? I really prefer just keeping a standard heading with an index link in it. Most people open pages in new tabs now anyway so you get the same effect for less. That's a pretty crappy excuse, I've had laptops that last for 7 years just fine running Linux. Not in the past couple years though, there is really nothing significantly different in the hardware of a Samsung Galaxy s3 and a Nexus 6. Also, one of those laptops was manufactured in the late 90s. Gnome 3 came default on one of the Debian disks I installed a year ago. That was when I stopped using Debian. That's true but I don't think it's cheap enough at these pay levels for that to matter a whole lot. I know it's not exactly "science" but ACM is part of the general culture. The other day I was looking for an article my dad had written for the Linux journal and could only find bits and pieces of it (some as gists on github) before I was able to find it on linuxjournal.com I found a page from ACM.org trying to sell it for something like $15. He was completely unaware this had even happened. When I was younger I would only download these via bittorent because our connection was extremely unreliable and bittorent was always restartable. This sort of thing probably wouldn't be such a big deal if people didn't pay so much for something that's designed to be disposable and unrepairable. Some of the low power circuits in older amateur radio books use 9-volts. I tried it the other month, it works fine with Arduino. That's Android I guess. The alternative, iOS, can't run vim. Mobile OSs suck. My guess is it's because 5ghz WiFi is regulatory hell. I honestly can't think of a good way (off the top of my head) to make this easily usable for international users without making it a) easy for them to interfere with primary 5ghz users Or b) making multiple boards with an extra ROM chip ($$) telling people not to export them to other countries. At least with 2.4ghz you can just stick to lower numbered channels. Because people who don't like that gave up on chrome. @symbiote I'm also unwilling to switch to https. If your ISP is attacking you then you should be tunneling things. I personally like the image compression and caching that they do and think it's somewhat important for my site and others like it. We could have both if we wanted. Real math (not being a human calculator) is very creative. The site's interface is just incredibly pleasant compared to Google.com. I really hope the author sticks with it. Unfortunately I'm not sure it's usable right now, searching "group theory Wikipedia" never brings up a Wikipedia page (although maybe I should just be directly searching Wikipedia if that's what I wanted). Windows 10 licencing from dream spark seems to work in qemu-kvm. Idk how normal Windows 10 works with that, I only use it to run the occasional required software for class. Keep in mind that some ISPs actively attack bittorent and it won't work with them if it accepts unencrypted connections. That might be why it's not working for you (if you've never used bittorent successfully there before) The global filesystem is only a problem if you run lots of closed source/untrustworthy apps. Many of us don't and use the global filesystem very heavily and very much hope it does not go away. Honestly I think not having a global filesystem makes things harder for the "average user." Most college students aren't going to only keep their word documents in word for example, they need to email them and upload them to tools like blackboard. In other words: a global filesystem. Don't run stuff as root then. It's always been well behaved and predictable though. And if you have a mobile browser that forces text to wrap when you zoom in (I don't know how you brows the web without this) then it really was fine. In their defence: that's the whole point of AdWords, so it's not like this isn't already being done. It really is a creepy idea though not to mention antithetical to Western ideals. Furthermore the suggestion in the article that the "potential recruits" be arrested is incredibly disturbing. Honestly I'd be pretty happy with some kind of open source impact printer. All I use them for is putting words on a page. X11 supports multiple cursors supposedly. Windows also does but I've only ever seen that with glovePIE. I tried inbox for a while, it tries to be too intelligent and I ended up missing important stuff because of it. Open cubic player might have OSX support (OSX has OSS right?) Is it a mess? Yes, but it's not really bloated. The "kernel" there is written by Microsoft and is kind of wonky. Stuff like FTDI cables don't even work the way you would expect. That seems more like a complaint about just unicom. It looks like China has a problem similar to the US when it comes to ISP monopolies, except that theirs are state owned and there was no period of free market competition where people could realize how good it can be. I know when I was in highschool the science textbook we had said "heat pollution" is one of the worst things for the environment and is very hard to track down. At least their software probably works now. This is how mothra on plan9 works. It's really an underrated browser, it has no tabs because it doesn't need them. My current laptop is dying, stuff like this (lenovo in particular often comes to mind) is why I keep fixing it. Shopping for a new computer is just so incredibly unpleasant. Electron "apps" really suck honestly. They're very slow and large and eat memory. >expect BSODS I wrote a (unreleased I believe) filesystem with this a couple years ago and my machine would reliably BSOD every time Windows tried to do the mandatory automatic updates. My friends say you can disable that but I haven't used Windows often enough since then for it to be a problem. I've been wanting to write a program that checks atime on stuff like music and then looks for bitcoin addresses to send micropayments to (so you get something like a generalised peer to peer Spotify). I've started a couple times but kept throwing it out, all my FSs that support it are still mounted with atime. I guess I've never knowingly used it for anything else though. I knew there was no way the equipment they wanted us to buy/rent was any good. I'm glad I went and some cheap modem + a Linksys router. I couldn't remember why I turned it off and now I do. X11 bell almost never works for me. If the radio is on you can watch for the MAC address. I believe the fork() manpage (or at least the clone() manpage) actually mentions this. A far better solution would be to just not draw UI elements on top of each other. I would like to point out that CLIs don't have this problem. I'm pretty sure one of the DEC PDP series machines used to be common for "embedded" applications in the mid/late 20th century. That's really not an accurate comparison: 1) they actually did pay to rent it. 2) the content owners don't lose more money weather it's "stollen" or just not watched at all. (In fact, it's better in some ways since these people will tell their friends about it now who may also watch it) OSM is free too, it's strange that they don't just let you upload maps yourself. I really like what Scott Adams says: it's something like "People aren't idiots, they just experience bouts of idiocy (some more often than others)." Man, you can probably crash some planes with those. That's DNS. BGP is what helps the packets find the path across networks owned by different organizations to get to that address. I prefer learning what I find interesting, since I'll learn the most that way. I suppose that gets informed by the advice of others to some extent though. It's really not too bad with root. Although the permissions and selinux stuff will trip you up a lot. On Linux, fork is a wrapper around clone, so it's still not particularly accurate. I've done quite a lot of homework on a Pi3 I got for free from someone who didn't want it. They're actually a functional desktop. It's significantly more convenient to be able to access them from ssh anywhere in the world. Where else would a self.reddit link go? Also, the comments link always goes to the same place. If you're ok with using your Google account for authentication then why disable password authentication? I've only been on one public network that had port 22 blocked and ssh clients are pre-installed or available for pretty much everything now. A security model that locks the user out of their own device sounds fundamentally broken. I had one of the "things sharp produced" that was actually released in the west. If it had a cellular modem in it and they still made it I would have never bought a smartphone. I personally try to avoid interactive pages. Most of them seem to be built by people who hire psychologists with the goal of preventing you from doing other things. As someone who used to spend a lot of time working from a coffee house when the library was much closer: Libraries have no food. The need to be quiet sometimes makes me uncomfortable (I really go to theses places for the background noise anyway) This is some extremely disappointing news. Hopefully Qualcomm's awfulness won't seep into freescale. Try touch typing on phone before you start to believe that. I think I speak for a lot of people here when I say that good Linux support is extremely important. I'm not convinced the surface book has that. XPS 13 seems to refer to a pretty large number of completely different computers manufactured by dell (some of which of some pretty serious issues). The gentoo wiki has a guide cross posted from thinkwiki on used thinkpad shopping which might be useful: https://wiki.installgentoo.com/index.php/File:KTGee_Used_Thi... I like terminal editors because they're easier to use in a distributed computing environment, furthermore, you're almost certainly going to able to run vim no matter what the hardware looks like and you /really/ can't say the same thing about some of these others (especially if they need some weird HID like the touch bar). Applications that have terminal UIs tend to be significantly more well behaved than those that don't, this isn't always the case it's just a trend I've noticed. I don't "happily" buy phones now and I doubt most people do. Most phones are this bizarre compromise between the political wills of some corporation (or designer) and the needs of the user. Oh don't get me wrong, they're always full of exciting gimmicks that are fun for a month or so. I guess some people get distracted by all that enough to get very excited but if you ask them what they actually use/care about (and they answer honestly) it's all "boring" things like battery life, email, IM etc. I thought the idea with Maxwell's daemon was that detecting the particles heated it up which made the particle detector less accurate. I think a better way to handle this is to show people how to use the command line. That does have a cohesive look and feel and is generally very well behaved compared to nearly anything else. Unfortunately that seems to scare people away so everyone hacks GUIs together to keep them from running and that's how we got to where we are now. Eye lenses and testicals are the the things that are effected most quickly if I remember correctly. I don't know, language seems fairly intuitive but it's not in style. The only people who really struggle with it are illiterate. (ex: very young children) In those situations you really do need a special UI that will be frustrating for normal people. You're actually manipulating graphical data though, in that situation a GUI makes a lot of sense. Using a GUI for editing E-mail or joining a WI-FI network is silly, just like it is for most things people do with computers. The same can be said for GUIs though, look at how different mobile GUIs and desktop GUIs are. It's actually a real problem that people think their GUI is intuitive, they never end up documenting it. CLI app authors know this and are forced to face reality and at least write usage text. It's gnu/linux with wayland/KDE for the GUI. It looks like it's running wayland, so you can probably just run X11 (with fvwm or whatever). You can disable custom fonts in most browsers. I've had them disabled for years in firefox. My only complaint is that occasionally some sites use custom fonts as icons (why!?) for buttons. (microsoft in particular loves this) I think most of the people who care about this sort of thing don't play games much anymore or are just used to it. Most games do something similar now. The time the sun rises and sets drifts around (and drifts differently depending on how far north you go). It's really a separate thing that you should have an almanac (or an approximate expression) for. >We should hold manufacturers accountable for not aggressively pushing security updates on their users. There's really no way to /force/ companies to support products they release like that. The company may not even exist a few years down the road. You could force them to release the firmware source so the users/community can patch it themselves but I don't see a way to do what you're saying. Almost one in ten set to quit /If/ snooping legislation is passed. Is it really on Facebook and not anywhere else? That's a particularly unpleasant site. If someone where to build a machine like that I think the 8080 (or at least the z80, which is still manufacturered) would probably be the best choice. The Intel 8080 is very clean and well thought out compared to the 6502. (try writting an emulator or assembler for both) It's also shockingly easy to write an 8080 emulator, on which you can run CP/M complete with a C compiler. I love how discoverable GUIs are. Actually, in the US anyone is allowed to build small aircraft and fly them completely unlicensed. (provided it's not at night or over a populated area) It's a little disappointing, usually software that's part of the GNU project is really good about this. This website looks more "designed" rather than someone typing something up in vim (or Emacs) just to give people a landing page/description/links. It would be great if someone built some non-qualcomm phones. This just goes to show the incredible power people who are willing to loan money have in a society that depends on and expects people to borrow it. Supposedly you can get fbdev on a lot of Nexus phones working with just the kernels from Google, I don't know about all the radio and audio stuff though. The decisions leading up to this by the Venezuelan government where known to cause things like this. They where made either out of ignorance or political pandering. Enumeration is solved by device tree. The problem really is drivers for important parts of SOCs that make running Linux on them practical. Now if it would only wrap pages when they zoom in the web might be readable without opera on an Android. Configuration is evil and confusing. The users just need to be able to open calculator from their friend's Facebook profiles. I would say that the problem here is the difficulty in installing windows due to liscencing and the pile of drivers you need. Device tree is actually a reasonably flexible and precise way to describe all of that, the problem is that many vendors just don't use it. I think his point is that there would be collisions with every other country so it could only concivably work with one countries zip codes. It's pretty unfortunate that there is absolutely no federated, popular, and secure payment system in the US due to consumers and merchants simply sticking with older systems simply because "it's what we've always done." This actually sounds like a measure of reading comprehension and reasoning skills. An ed for siri would be more intieresting. I feel like siri is eventually just going to be the iphone's version of bash. The format of this page actually makes it very difficult to do anything but skim because the social media buttons on the lft cover up the ~ the first word of every line. Anecdotally, I'm younger and have gone through long periods working from home and I needed a home office. It's not a technology thing, my phone is plenty powerfull enough to do anything I need and so has every laptop I've owned since I was 10. You have a dedicated workspace because when you start blending home and work things start unravling with both; Work is a time when you're very active mentally and sometimes It's difficult to keep that way. This is much harder when it blends with your needed relaxation time. Oh don't get me wrong, the android UI is absolutely horrible and the small screen makes it worse. I was just pointing out that technology wasn't the reason people have dedicated workspaces. Run a webserver on localhost that only accepts local connections (most golang utilities with GUIs do this) or use a sain UI framework. Electron is objectively horrible. The only upsides are 1 "it's easy" and 2 "it's pretty" neither of which make for efficient or minimal programs. To be quite honest, "pretty" GUIs are usually the worst anyway. Why bother with emulation? The only app I use with any amount of regularity that doesn't run well on arm is spotify. EDIT: I forgot you where talking about windows, still, if you stick to open source *nix stuff then you really don't have this problem. If you look at maps of the modern internnet, DC has an extremely large collection of international cable terminals. a lot of traffic goes throught it. My father read these books to me and my brother when we where younger and I enjoyed them so much! They're also cited as part of the insperation for the game "sail" (which can be installed as part of the BSD games package.) You don't really need an "examples" section for vim, 90% of the time you just type "vim file" which the usage info probably covers well enough. You only need an "examples" section for something like zip. iOS seems to actively avoid integration with anything. Me and a number of my freinds in clubs at my university use it whenever we need to send secrets to eachother, but everything else is done in clear text. Most people don't need to run VMs probably. Of the people that do most probably run GNU/linux which is usally fairly lightweight. So the only memory heavy app is their web browser. GPU accelerated GUIs are one of the more dumb fads out there. Motif and FVWM run so much faster without a GPU than Mir/gnome or modern aqua or windows 10 could ever hope to even with a nice GPU. I can't recomend Syncthing enough, most "cloud apps" can be replaced pretty effictively by vim, Syncthing, and some obscure unix tool. I will also agree that it isn't perfect but I haven't seen anything better yet. They certainly benefit from it, but they're also completely usable without it. I wonder if people will actually get documentation for these, unlike many of their other devices. I'd hate to see server kerenels end up as much a wreck as phone kernels. I'd like to see a good definition of "useful arts" then. Would a film based off of "She Kills Monstors" or another similar play fall under your definition of "useful arts"? What about video games? As much as I dislike the iPad there are some people that it is truly better. We tried giving my 90 year old great grandmother a windows 98 machine a looong time ago so she could send email with us but she really couldn't figure it out. We got her an iPad the other year and while she has ended up with it stuck in airplane mode (and a number of other similar problems) a number of times, she now functions with it. (we think this is important because she lives by herself now and still refuses to move down with us.) The iPad is very overpowerd for what most people want to do. The hardware is amazing, it's the software that's the problem. You still can't build the kernel yourself. To be honest, I would only feel safe using tor over ssh or with curl -H "". Firerox almost feels anti privacy because it's so difficult to disable the headers and javascript. Sure, but you probably don't have them locally. This is why people don't read news articles. It's not that their lazy, it's that the sites hosting them almost feel hostile. POVray does this too, but it's not part of UUnet, just a self hosted nttp group. You shouldn't need the whole tree for kernel patches. Australia seems to (in a similar way to California) have a difficult time distributing scarce resources because they're afraid of letting market forces do it. California would have more than enough water if its bizarre distribution scheme didn't make it so cheap for people to grow crops like alphalpha. Tmux is great for this. When the connection goes down just kill ssh, reconnect, and run tmux a. If google wants Android to survive as a platform, they should be directly giving money to projects like this, they are what make it bearable. Older XP supposedly has a real time mode that got dropped in vista. If that's what they're using then a VM won't work. I had to re-install osx on my sister's machine and the osx download and install thing in the firmware can't install osx from the cloud any more and it's only been 5 years or so! Static makes them really sticky. It's not that there's code, it's that word and HTML are document formats while PostScript/PDF is a vector graphics format. Generally, if you remove the formatting tags from HTML or word (leaving just the text) the characters are extremely likely to be in the same order as the rendered document (sans things like running head and page numbers). Furthermore, HTML and word both explicitly delimit things like paragraphs while PostScript just changes the drawing position. There's still that 0.01% error that something you ultimately own and are therefore responsible for caused (unless they're used like taxi services.) Stick to and and you can probably have that now. There's still email and personal web pages. Japan has a serious problem that would prevent that: who would pay? They already don't have enough to pay for current subsidies. Rsync works well for me but I don't use much of the android specific apps. I think now that they fucked around with the storage permissions it might not actually be possible without root. Phone OSes aren't rocket science, at this point I just want a phone that has buildroot support, even if that means it lacks a GUI. If you're going to spend that much on a router why not just build a Linux box and use iptables? That's just an entry in a table maintained by the kernel. "Active connection" doesn't nescisarily mean data is sent over it. Also, the other poster is right, this is exactly how the other push notifications work. Rsync can do two way sync, the only two exceptions are: 1) deletions don't sync 2) colisons are resolved by overwriting the side that is synced last I think when you stop experiencing it that's a good indication that you should start learning other things. I like that idea that you should try to become an expert in something every 5-10 years. (not that you should stop the old things) The machine doesn't have to be powerful at all, most of the consumer routers have ~1GB of ram and a few megabytes of flash. The machines I use don't cost much more than $100, I've never tried using something like the raspberry pi but that's only because I can never find a USB hub good enough to run WiFi with and my only pi3 is already dedicated as my desktop. At my university this is the only officially supported way to access your email on Android, that was pretty horrifying when I was a freshman (so much so that I went without email on my phone for the entire first semester.) If you hunt around enough though you can find the parameters needed to use IMAP. I wrote a WebDAV client the other year and dates where one of the hardest parts to implement because they expected them in calendar format! It seemed so odd to me that they would do that. I know it's nitpicky but www != the internet. Every STEM student at my university learns enough to do this as a freshman, I don't think most are ever actually asked to though. Why use firefox at all? why not something based on libcurl that absolutely does not talk back to the server after reciving the document unless the user clicks on a link or submits a form? Chromeos is so strange. It's not at all light weight but manages to be one of the most useless OSes out there. At least with android you get a certain form factor but I really don't see the point in chromeos at all. The user should be responsible for updating the firmware. A lot of compliance tests are like this. Most companies run different software during tests than they would in the field and are just expected to have the product behave similarly in good faith. It's one of the best arguments for open source firmware IMO. As much as I hate to say it, opengl still has issues in comparison to DirectX. Just getting an opengl context is comparatively quite difficult and that still doesn't give you input or audio. I could have sworn firefox already did this, or maybe that ws just elinks... I still think having people connect to something handed out by dhcp would be really great, that's what dhcp is for in the first place. If that's too complicated you could always try connecting to the gateway. Far better would be to not render HTML emails at all. They're an abomination and have always been causing security problems of different kinds. Emails had a form of markup before HTML emails came, it was the inspiration for markdown. Last time I checked, some early blueray DVDs will work on Linux but newer ones will brick your blueray reader. It's probably only attached to the modem, which is on an external board. All of my friends on windows say X is just as easy to set up as on cygwin They where when AOL was big too. It would be a lot better if instead they just ranked pages with slow load times and JavaScript lower, oh wait, that makes it harder for ads... That's probably more of an echo from the boards. There was a Chinese blog site I wanted to get sheet music from, but the blog host used IP to figure out I wasn't in China and just sent a page saying a translation wasn't available and redirected to the front page. I tried accept-language headers and everything but they insisted that I couldn't read the sheet music. I use elinks if I need a webbrowser and don't want to get distracted since all the silly distracting websites are so uncomfortable in it. I know they used to use ssh tunneling a while ago, idk if they still do. You're not allowed to mix and match antennas on mass produced Part15 devices, regardless of the ERP. That never seems to stop anyone though. Will it run it in real time is the important thing. People who make money by being popular probably like it. Ew, what for? They've been moving away from that though, try changing your user agent or disabling JavaScript. My laptop has 8 gigabytes of ram. I can fit all of my personal files in that at obce, I don't see why that's not enough for everything. I feel like hooking a CHIP up to an LCD and a small modem would do that. I just don't want to spend the time/money on it. Google is turning the web into things it never should have become. It's very sad. This! The fact that a Firefox fork is often used as the "secure for browser" is really pretty disturbing. You have no clue what Firefox is doing 90% of the time and you probably never will. That looks pretty neat but it also sounds like it's tied to their web service. I would expect a bit more control for something that costs $500. Why would you want to trust the phone company? This is a solved problem, use IP and SSL. Of course you can't implement the really dumb "half factor" SMS authentication this way (because it's shown for what it is.) When I had a slow connection I loved tools like youtube-dl because they didn't expect to be used interactively. Network tools like browsers that just assume they can monopolize your time are probably the most frustating things in these situations. hackernews even works without javascript, the whole page just reloads everytime you upvote something. I don't know if it reflects "general intelligence" but rather the ability to just sit down and think/work through something abstract (which is more about patience than inteligence.) It's increadibly easy (although the computer will spend hours crunching) to make a boot disk for pretty much anything using buildroot. That honestly sounds like a better plan for underpowered hardware than expecting a major distro to support it. But then you're going to be fighting with the crappy kernels from qualcomm. You're much better off avoiding them whenever possible. I usually put a vcard on them rather than a link (especially on business cards) then you don't have type things into your phone. There really isn't that much on google play store worth installing (except games I guess? even that's not so great and most cost money) that doesn't have some open source counterpart. The only exceptions are things like kik (and those don't run well, if at all, without google play services.) I didn't like tophat because it brought computers into the classroom where they don't belong. But anything that attacks person is honestly probably a good thing, they seem to be actively hostile to students. That would probably be illegal for unlicenced use. WiFi firmware the way it's written now is considered hardware (at least in the US) just like the parent of your comment said. Apple was not the first company to make a smart phone. I've found it easier to communicate with people about what I'm doing in a terminal because most things are just command strings that you enter and very few applications actually have interactive GUIs that need to be explained (or learned.) I've had an extremely good experience with syncthing. There's no kext and volunteers run relay servers to get around NAT (everything is encrypted so you don't need to worry.) I don't see what momentum has to do with it. LinkedIn has plenty of that and I still don't trust them with anything. Remember: if you're hopping for any kind of open environment then you should probably be running in the opposite direction of Qualcomm. Keep in mind, modern WiFi uses OFDM where the signal is transmitted via a number of simultaneous carriers offset by very small frequencies. So while the center of the 20Mhz band might be shifted just a little the small carries might be shifted far enough onto each other that the signal is unintelligible. > They had to use directional antennae mounted mounted at eye level down each aisle of the factory. Did they ever mention the permanent, cumulative damage concentrated 2.4ghz RF does to the human eye? I'm really not sure how having a job helps you find women; being trapped in a box segregated far away from them for most of the day just seems counter productive in that respect. You have the weekends but so does everyone else. I really think something has changed about how people socialize and it's simply become harder to meet like minded people; It's harder to network professionally, it's harder to find fabricators, workers, mates etc. Fundamentally, that's the problem that needs to be solved. EDIT: I've misinterpreted this. I would argue it's rather dangerous to use evolution as support for theories about human behavior. This kind of argument is what brought us eugenics. I think even better would be to make education completely voluntary. This would help highlight the benefits so that the people who don't value it could make better choices. Maybe it would be better if submissions included a short summary? so for links to external news articles that summary could be the actual tittle. I've run both the mobile and desktop version on my phone and it just drains the battery way too fast. I ended up just using an rsync cron job to sync my phone over ssh while everything else uses syncthing (and yes, I know this means I can't delete anything but I very rarely do anyway.) I was under the impression those where disabled long ago. Tor is always good if you need a quick easy way to publish something without a public IP address You just run a web server in a hidden service, it takes less than five minutes to set up. People without for can still see it with onion.to. >telemetry. Scary. Every application you install does this. I'm really quite sure the applications on my machine don't. Then again I only run things I have some way to compile myself. Well written software doesn't seem to go stale, or at least not quickly and poorly written books do. The key to IoT security is open, user updatable firmware and reasonable per byte transit costs. Electron apps are most certainly not functionally indistinguishable from native apps. They are always much larger and always seem to consume orders of magnitude more resources (memory, CPU.) If despotify still worked I would absolutely use that instead of the slow, buggy webview based official client. People want native apps because they don't want the cooling/memory/power consumption from the web, as well as their delay tolerance and consistent UI. Electron can only provide the second (and sometimes the third.) That's not saying a whole lot. Will LAN games still work? That was probably the biggest reason I never bought SC2. After some googling I actually can't even find a place to buy replacements so I can price them (maybe I'm thinking about this wrong?) For a car, $4k sounds low enough that if it doesn't work out it's not /that/ big a deal. These used EVs sound great for someone that just wants to try the idea out without becoming totally invested. I was under the impression that Chinese characters were created as part of religious rituals and originally had only very vague meanings. The Gameboy advance homebrew tutorials where my first introduction to C (before then I was using turbo Pascal.) Homebrew is great and devkitpro is really easy to mess with. Java applets were pretty great in retrospect. Everything was more or less contained to one page element, the run time is open source (and often you can run the applet without the page) the language was (comparatively) nice. If only the security was handled better... Is that really such a headache? Usually all of that is already there but the manufacturer is doing signature checking. I understand what you're saying but it's not like the user couldn't physically change the device and create similar dangers. This is why uploading custom firmware on most devices voids the warranty, but I don't think you can make it impossible for someone to "break" their device if they really want to. Sure that sounds reasonable (although IANAL and don't know if it's enough legally), as long as you don't need special secret keys. When people say it's no big deal that Android is hard fot the user to compile, control, and modify, remember this. Google has repeatedly prommised, and failed to build a lightweight open OS. Every time they have produced one it was full of bizzare political constraints and closed source spyware. I would be shocked if this time was any different. Linux was the only remotely useful, sane, and lightweight part of ChromeOS. And possibly the end of one of the only open /and/ synthesized CPU. This is why some people don't like languages with big runtimes/standard libraries like C++. I really like my car's dashboard: there isn't a single touch screen. Everything is a physical button. They wouldn't have to maintain the software if they released it so it could be updated by either the kernel developers or the OEM. I totally disagree actually. With relative position pointing (except for the onscreen keyboard) desktop UIs actually are significantly more usable (not to mention, often more responsive) on my android than the phone centric android GUIs. The only problem with this is that SDL X11 eats the battery. My personal laptop (1 GHz celleron) doesn't even have graphics drivers compiled and just uses the efi framebuffer. It's really great! It runs cool and performs well, software graphics are underrated. Just don't run ridiculous stuff like GNOME that's full of crazy animations every time you do something simple Amazon pages are sluggish even on a my core i7 machine with hardware acceleration that I use for gaming. I really don't think that's a good benchmark. Wasn't there recently discovered some hundreds of potentially innocent people in either death row or prison due to flawed DNA tests? I don't quite understand what everyone has against email. Just get a good client and server with imap IDLE support and you should be good to go. "in the spirit of IRC" is a bit of a stretch. This is all a massive blob of web technologies which contrasts IRC's minimalism and it's lightweight clients written in C. It doesn't appear to require any specific service though so at least it has that. There is the calendar command, I think that will tell you about stuff coming up in the day/week if I remember correctly. I think the TI chip used in the beaglebone has support for multiple /ports/ via an RGMII switch or so. It's been a while since I messed with that though. This is exactly how most people in rural areas connect to the internet /now/. The alternatives are dialup and satilite which are both worse. With good programming you can get many 8bit microcontrollers into the micro and nano amp range. You're thinking of far IR (typical black body radiation at room temperature for most materials) near IR is what has to be filtered out in web cams and what a lot of these LIDAR devices use, it behaves almost exactly like visible light. I really dislike the use of JavaScript as an intro language. It's easy to mess with so everyone thinks they understand it but it's not simple. This site used to be one of my favorite examples of content over presentation. What happened? Only if it can be proven. That's why vehicle firmware should be open source, so the public can know exactly what kind of risks they take. It's a lot harder to hide weirdness in mechanical things. Because of that I don't think hardware needs to be open source. What can you do to keep it from happening though? It's not like you can just grab their brain and make them apply themselves. I love EFI! No more bootloaders!!!! Just rename your bzimage bzimage.efi, put it on a FAT fs, and select it with the firmware! Then just select it again? It's maybe 4 key presses unless you have a lot of .efi files laying around... Linux has 9p2000 support, I've never heard of people actually using it to export devices over the network though. Fuse also has support for ioctls and other weirdness so it's not impossible for something like sshfs to forward /dev over the network. Oh wow you're right! I don't know where I got the idea that fuse handled ioctls from. I think it's because android is supposed to be open, so it's supposed to do this the least. Ah yes, broadcom, the poster child of openness. Doesn't intel provide firmware that can be downloaded from kernel.org? If this is included in that you can A) wait for it to be available there and recompile your kernel or B) wait for your distro maintainer to update your kernel. If you load firmware from userspace you can probably just put it in the directory the firmware helper searches. You're way better off not writing a GUI than using electron for it. There was an MIT reasearcher a while ago (it may have been posted here) using THz wave radar to do this. I think it's the same band (ish) the body scanners use. Right now the arm SBCs actually make functional desktops. There's very little you can't do on a raspberry pi other than run closed software. Android does /not/ trust users. The enormous pile of crap I have to go through just to disable selinux and get write access to the sdcard and ext4 partitions is ridiculous. How could you know this though? There's no source code to audit or anything. Vim and gcc run fine, I can compiler kernels and busybox and work on my personal software projects and homework on mine. They don't run gnome or html5 browsers as well as your laptop might but nothing runs those well anyway. It's really better this way since you know what's coming before you click the link. I don't like it, here's why. The current version is very compact, each line of text is a different article. All the complex CSS makes scrolling on android Firefox hang. Really it just feels wrong for hackernews, the site that works in elinks and only uses 7 or so optional lines of JavaScript. None of your windows have to be big enough for alignment to be a problem. Even on my small netbook I can fit three 80 column windows of text next to each other easily. This right here! Closed SOC BSPs that are tied to android are the real problem! If google had stuck with the standard Linux APIs or added appropriate new one when they needed them and where more strict about open software we wouldn't be in this mess. The only two reasons people put up with android on phones are 1) it's the only choice if you want something small with a cell modem 2) it's the only choice if you want to run Snapchat Android is incredibly aweful. It's actually impossible to write apps for it that won't crash. If you're writing firmware it's even worse! Have you ever tried to build it? It's a nightmare! The source for a basic system is over 60GB and has a crazy number of dependencies. For embedded systems/IOT you're thousands of times better off just using buildroot or an RTOS. That's like comparing shooting yourself in the foot to shooting yourself in the head. There's no reason for either! You still don't always have control over the kernel, although most of the time you can if you want. Isn't the entier fs exposed as Z: or so in wine? I know there's some way to get to the user's home directory which is probably good enough to cause essentially the same amount of pain. It used to not matter so much, often it was possible to replace them with SOP PLC like devices without much work so it made sense to think of them like hardware. You should leave the default user's password blank on embedded Linux images! Why does everyone set them up with default passwords!? I'm surprised the raspbian maintainers have not realized this yet. sshd won't let you login with an empty password by default. You could set it up using the serial console then. I'm sure they where allowed to use gpg. They tend to go into art more don't they? Isn't the typical art students GPA fairly high? That would give them even more scholarship money. Get rid of your browser and your smartphone. Avoid GUIs and closed software and anything that involves psychologists or "UX designers." Force yourself to understand what your doing. These kinds of forms are the WORST! I'm forced to fill out FAFSA every year and they try to seperate the increadibly long form onto multiple pages. The result is that I don't know what information I'm going to be asked after moving to the next page so I get to play telephone tag with my parents. Even when I have all the information myself it's still pretty painfull. I stopped using turbotax because they build their site this way. Moving down the form provides plenty of "a sense of progress" for me. It's so ironic that their argument for preventing user's control of their phones is security. Why do you want that in a browser? what's wrong with the native graphical shells? Someone has to install them, not always you. Someone has to install these web shells too, often not you. I'm pretty glad Mozilla avoided both of those. They where probably some of the most unpleasant fads of the past decade. It's nice to have a company that isn't pushing them as an alternative to those that are. 99% of the time when it's not a game a curses GUI or a readline UI is just fine. Really, I'm tired of all this UI "inovation." just give me a TTY already, it works fine on my laptop and it would work fine on my phone if everything weren't all tied up in closed blobs. This only works if other people can use KDE if they want all the flashy stuff. I really kind of regret majoring in computer science because of this. This is actually a very bad thing. Qualcomm is decidedly against open source and open firmware, this will bring the closed disposable worthless logic board with the unmodifiable OS from your phone and into your laptop. Microsoft likes it of course because it means more control for them. TL;DR: Intel is not being abandoned because it's too closed, it's being abandoned because it's too open! Just about none of this is likely (except maybe the low power stuff) given qualcomm's track record. Even smartphone OEMs hardly have any control over their kernel thanks to Qualcomm. Aren't char[] strings and CStrings the same? Most people's parents won't even let them choose the college much less invest the money. Holding money is generally not a good idea except to cover emergencies (and for that there's always debt) Even if it's value wasn't decreasing you're still taking a loss due to opertunity cost. I was under the impression that the fractal dimension must be greater than the topological dimension for the space to be a fractal. And that the fractal dimension is usually equivalent to the mincowski dimension (the limit of the area measured by finite boxes as the size of the boxes grows arbitrarily small) and hausdorf dimension (the limit of the perimeter as measured by an aproximting polygon with equal length sides as the number of sides grows arbitrarily large) along with others. I don't see how that would fix kernel overhead. I guess of you have something heavy in the background that might slow it down though. If there where a requirement by the hospital that they have access to the source for everything this would just be a matter of hiring a consultant. Maybe, it's also true that 100% of Linux users legally have access to the Linux source code. Don't forget, avrgcc can generate hex files for atmel chips without dragging a whole IDE around. I go quite a bit out of my way to avoid any interactions with banks. I keep most of my savings in cash and never take out loans. The result: a blank credit report (which HR at most companies seems to like when I'm getting hired) and few late penalties, and never being told I can't have access to my money because of "XYZ." Not to mention, avoiding all the crappy online banking web GUIs.