Well, I can transfer images from my A7ii to my phone in a few seconds. It's been done. No, you can't do full sensor readout at 960fps. You can only do 960fps by shooting at 2MP and keeping only 8 bits of data per pixel (or even less). Full sensor readout rates on phones are closer to 20-30 fps IIRC. And even that comes with caveats (no exposure adjustment, shutter speed must be faster than a certain amount, etc..). And that's at the low resolutions phones have. And then when you start hitting the limits of readout speed you start increasing rolling shutter issues and so on. Each country would have a given amount of vouchers say one per ten person to start and presumably only one individual could redeem them for the rebate otherwise its 50$ per month. Very disputable. They haven't made the .org tld, it wasn't a private resource (read: private as in used to generate profit), they just captured it and turned it into private property. It's still possible, but you will have statistical inaccuracies. If your analysis shows that say almost all events in this area can be abstracted up to this value without losing a significant amount of accuracy that makes the inner box smaller. Factor in our limited speed of travel and the one way nature of causality relative to us on the cosmic scale, you get a theoretically feasible simulation. I believe that due to our environment being based on "our type of math" and thus our thinking processes essentially running on that mathematical substrate in a way any mathematics you could imagine would just be an extension of our math and thus either there is no other math or we just can't imagine it. As for axioms and assumptions, it can work but it would probably be possible to formulate them in terms of existing math. And yet without thinking by themselves ordinary people won't be able to understand that philosophy, making it almost worthless given the underlying assumption that neglects the inherent value of philosophy. This can be well demonstrated by... Software engineers informally having viewpoints or ideas that were already refuted :) This does raise the question, what is the motivation for these vegans? Is it eliminating animal suffering, reducing global warming as farming is a major polluter, or are they actually just disgusted by animal products in general? As the article hints at, this claim only really makes sense if a sizeable section of the US is completely opposed to animal by-products independent of any ethical, moral or scientific component, just by innate disgust of eating anything that came from an animal. And I do believe the last category to be very fringe and small, and this would also mean being opposed to a large number of medical treatments. Personally, I don't think their claim holds any weight, unintentional cross contamination with beef isn't something the average vegan would find justifiably outrageous in a restaurant that also serves beef, and as far as allergies go anyone that has allergies should be asking around for cross contamination in a restaurant that specializes in what they are allergic from. Not exactly. While you could claim that due to technological advances a person working a low skilled job at full time in 2019 is better off than someone doing an equivalent job in 1980, you fail to take into account that in 2019 that person would be by major guidelines in a much worse position, ie, no hope of owning a house, taking public transit, can't support a family in a city, less likely to be in a supportive union, and so on. In the things that matter, the person in 2019 is worse off. And at the same time, a worker in 2019 has wildly increased productivity compared to one in 1980. So in a sense, purely by the standard of what they produce, they make more but has less baseline property and amenities. This is an issue. It's no coincidence that rich people have proportionally gotten much much richer in these 40 years, and it has 100% come at a cost to the majority. They possess essentially no power in labour negotiations, and most of them live under the yoke of debt. Capitalism is literally allowing greed to run wild and almost completely unchecked. It's the driving force behind greed being such a force in 2019. Working poor != working homeless I come from Morocco. There, until recent times, most left the family house to go buy their first home, after their first real job. "Renter" was an insult because you had to be really poor to have to rent. Now that speculation and foreign investment is flooding the housing markets and land prices have literally went up 3000x in some cities, it's changing. It's not a first world dream, it's a problem that's rising everywhere around the world. For religious people, there is really no sense to be made out of it. I say this as a Muslim. I did address alpha-gal by saying that those who have allergies should be mindful of cross contamination in restaurants that serve the stuff they are allergic to. Nope. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_property I can't speak for the rest of Québec, but Montréal's public transit is pretty good. You can definitely make it without a car there. There are good FOSS reddit clients for android. Build one then install it. The very idea of "corporate mindfulness" goes against the logic that led to mindfulness, and ultimately it only helps in misdirection as to what the issue really is. Or to massively decentralize so that you need to bring down the entire network. Good thing that computing power also scales exponentially with time then. So prosperous that raising the price of public transit by a few dollars has led to widespread protests. Isn't that basically just doing signal processing on the Fourier transform, because you know the Fourier series in advance? Yes, you don't need doing any fourier transform, but it seems to me to be equivalent to doing signal processing after a fourier transform with the knowledge that it's a pure tone. You forget Samsung. In Morocco at least they do ask for your passport if you want free or discounted cell service, but you can always go to a corner store and just get a Sim card from there. And yet they still are ahead of Intel. Because of the way floating point numbers work, you'd get an accurate amount for both cases, as it's really the number of significant figures, not decimals. Well, at least in Morocco when I lived there I got my SIM card from the corner store and used it for a good year and a half. They would have absolutely no grounds to sue. At all. There are already lying DNS servers, they haven't seen any legal threat for this exact reason. Tons of organizations also redirect DNS for their network. Form what I remember that AI could only do one pose. Not nearly as much in 2019's modern societies. And probably close to an order of magnitude worse. The attacker would be shifting screen sizes, in the given justification of bots. Time to add random delay and noise then. They just have to give it a massive fine. Then they can block it for failure to pay. Al-Shabab, but yes. This doesn't matter anyways, consoles haven't been sold at a loss for almost a decade. Because at least with make install you can have some trust in the delivery method, ie encrypted git or whatever. If you use just plain http.... I'm fine with the second too as long as the host is trustworthy and it's always https. Most of the time it isn't. Ericsson, Nokia You're thinking of a union. There should be a software developers' union. It's a valid remark on how companies do tend to treat their workers as little more than livestock. While it is denunciatory, the subject deserves denunciation. See the thing is you didn't do the work, they did. If you can't get anyone to make the tech yourself then that's just how it is. If they decide to make the tech and it is worth 250 million then pay up, or live without it, or try to make an equivalent in house. You don't own your team, you will do whatever is in your best interest and so will they. I disagree both with the premise that denuncing realities of the industry that go unnoticed in a relevant context prevents intellectual curiosity (I believe that as long as it isn't a bandwagon, it actually triggers interesting discussion), and I disagree with the slippery slope argument you present, as it seems quite unfounded. It's one of the reasons I use OpenStreetMaps, despite it's shortcomings. Uh, no. Lenovo and Samsung manage to make better HMDs than the Rift S for 250$. The only disadvantage they have is slightly smaller tracking area, but that's not cost, the cameras are like 2$ each. The only reason the Index costs 1000$ is because its absolutely cutting edge and its controllers and tracking systems are expensive. If it had inside out tracking and normal controllers it would be around the price of the Index. Well, system that has brain wave data and full information on your visual feed and body position and movement can do quite a bit of correlation It depends on just how huge the model is. Some models take multiple seconds to run/backpropagate and might take hundreds of gigabytes of memory, in which case it could be useful. CFD estimations actually put it to be a bit more aerodynamic than the F-150, actually. As we're starting to see, it was mostly Intel not keeping up, actually. Moore's law is mostly holding up till today, and probably for a couple more years before we really have to switch paradigms. The C-Series is using carbon wings, and an absolute fuckton of carbon fiber everywhere. I've seen tech that goes into their carbon fiber parts and geometries, it's incredibly impressive, and I'm confident Bombardier more or less got it down. Not to forget a joint venture with Canada. I'm actually relatively confident that you could get it down to 8-9 seconds to the basic X environment with an NVMe SSD and maybe even less if you were to cache some application states. Great UX is worse than fusion - at least once we get fusion done it'll be worked out, but UX will always be on the brink of regression. Wouldn't even dumping literally all ram contents take only a few seconds on an NVMe drive? It's probably something else. What you're doing is probably much more expensive in the long run than buying a GPU or using a dedicated rendering service. Ryzen threadripper supports ECC memory actually. And most server grade features you could think about. OVH is older than AWS and profitable as it is. Nope. It's just that GPUs carried the mantle. If you have a massively parallel number crunching application you should bite the bullet and port it to GPU, and you'll see a truly massive FLOP/$ increase. And unlike processors GPU performance is still rising 35-45% per generation, although that will slow if NVidia gets too far ahead. Also, if your goal is to get optimal cost/FLOP and you are computing pretty much constantly then you shouldn't be using the cloud, to be honest. If you are IO limited or if you have burst use then maybe, but for cost/FLOP the kings are still consumer GPUs and Threadrippers, by very far and large. Inch precision localization isn't out of the grasp of human drivers. Kimi Raikkonen at Monaco coming millimetetd from the walls repeatedly comes to mind. It also isn't out of the abilities of a bog standard optical SLAM+IMU. AMD is a fabless semiconductors company. They are more akin to low-level software than to the majority of hardware companies. When steam came out, there wasn't scalable cloud infrastructure, they didn't have literally billions of dollars, are there weren't any real expectations. Epic games pretty much has no excuse. Intellij only succeeds due to open source community editions. Not true. There are quite a few jobs that I would do for free, but I so happen to need food and shelter. So far, these are taxes, not tariffs. If they want to charge it to only foreign cars, then they would be tariffs. If they are tariffs, then that will fuck their trade deals, and their domestic car industry. Which they are not in position to suffer. It's just not scaled up enough yet. Many modern firewalls do Deep Packet Inspection, so obfuscation might be needed too. You can run gnome desktop no matter which login system you use. You just have go launch it accordingly. That's a hack. Deep packet inspection will almost invariably be able to recognize ssh/scp from the packet sizes, the patterns, the ports and so on. You really do need some kind of obfuscation. Starbucks won't catch it, but I know for a fact my former high school does, for example. Nope, you can buy LTE capable dumb phones. My local Walmart has them. I would do it. I get cell service over WiFi. It has absolutely no downsides for me. Yes, and the consequence is that there is a shortage of pilots and prices are rising back up. In the age of industrial warfare, economic output matters a huge deal to winning. China was overtaken by the West massively before it got subjugated. If that wasn't the case they wouldn't have let it happen. No it didn't. The first opium wars, at the start of the century of humiliation, began in 1839. Industrialization began in the 1780s. It was literally heavily armed, iron armored steamships versus middle-ages style sailboats. The Chinese were completely fucked at every single level economically compared to Great Britain, and that's why they lost. They literally didn't stand a chance due to their poor technological level, and that was pretty much their fault. Using GDP to measure economical supremacy when the two economies are as wildly incomparable as industrialized Great Britain and the agrarian Qing Dynasty is misleading at every single level. Yeah, China could grow hundreds of times more rice than Great Britain ever could. But Qing China wasn't able to make machine guns, it wasn't able to make steamships, it wasn't able to make any industrial equipment. And that's how Great Britain with 50 million people militarily crushed Qing China. It's because China failed to keep up with technology and lost it's massive lead during the renaissance. That meant that it got lost in the dust in the industrial wars of the time. It's really, honestly, a massive mistake that the Qing Dynasty made by not following western developments and not trying to industrialize despite its massive resources. It's economy was just a lot worse. Like, GDP per capita per year around 300$ (2019 dollars) bad. And that's what led to the century of humiliation, that plus their failure to adapt and industrialize when they had the chance, believing that they could buy the capabilities to face off with a modern army. I never said that Britain was justified in any way in the Opium Wars, far from it. But that's irrelevant to my point anyways. Britain had ulterior problems than the trade imbalance with China. Throwing out 2.6 million pounds of opium (weight) and refusing to talk about it as you denied an embassy, because you saw yourself as a higher form of civilization than those pesky barbarians in the east of the world did absolutely nothing to help, which is why incidentally Russia France and the US were supportive despite not having the same problem as Britain. Refusing to consider a peace treaty, torturing POWs, killing messengers and so on is also a good part of why the opium wars actually went through, there were quite a few times parliament almost shut it down, and I'm pretty sure were it not for the insult that Qing China kept imposing due to their frankly stupid feudal bureacracy and It is true that opium had a large part in it and the British did like the tax revenue it gave. But, as it happens, the fact that China wasn't particularly interested in British manufactured goods isn't relevant to that question, because the fact that China wasn't interested in industrializing its vast worker base has nothing to do with the benefits of industrialization. Your analysis of steamships is incorrect, by the way. 6 British steamships sunk hundreds of Chinese ships, and were able to manoeuvre in ways that Chinese didn't know were possible at all. They also single handedly destroyed hundreds of artillery pieces and by virtue of being able to access shallower waters and going against wind and current so easily they were able to attack Naval fortifications from a side they weren't designed to protect from, destroying them, and were able to carry firepower comparable to entire Chinese fleets. Read about the individual Naval battles in the first Opium war, it's actually incredible just how efficient steamships were since the very beginning of the Opium Wars. They were literally a hard counter to the entire Chinese arsenal, except for land-based artillery of course. My claim of GDP being a good proxy for military capability was prefaced by specifying it applied to industrialized warfare only. And it works pretty damn well, actually, if you take into account morale and readiness. Not realizing it at the time is a mistake that Hitler made invading the USSR, costing him his life, and a mistake Hirohito made despite the warnings of Yamamoto, which lead to Japan losing WW2. Its pretty damn accurate assuming two stable nation states and factoring in the monetary equivalent of throwing bodies at the enemy. Yes, the Naval blockade of the US couldn't use steamships because they didn't have enough of them to block the entire shoreline of the US while keeping them supplied. The geography of the Chinese blockades were incredibly different. Chinese logistics were centered around the main rivers, since, you know, no real infrastructure. The British only had to blockade rivers in order to cripple the Chinese economy. China being a huge exporter of low-value added goods and materials, it was simply impossible for Britain to balance the trade equation. The fact that that simple proposition had to lead to a war is a good insight on why we got rid of the gold standard. Also, even before the industrial revolution, I can think of about 10 counter examples to production capability being the main driving force behind military victory, actually. Logistics and keeping your armies fed was possibly the biggest factor behind pre-industrial empires. Saying that the industrial revolution brought no benefit to warfare until the later half of the 18th century is positively ridiculous. Using industrial weaponry European powers were able to impose disgusting imperialist régimes in a flash, because it was a huge advantage. To most of their enemies, it simply was economically and technologically (two sides of the same coin) impossible to fight back. But you can figure this one out yourself :) I'm sorry but this is ridiculous. China was 20% of overseas tax revenue for the British Empire, and the US wasn't selling any notable amount of opium Pointing out that there were more casus belli than what you think doesn't mean I believe any of them justified the wars. But, Qing China objectively saw the British Empire as lower than them, and objectively refused diplomatic channels that might have avoided this mess due to their perceived racial and cultural superiority. As in many things, it wasn't completely one sided. And yes, the flayed and tortured British Officiers for no reason but to see them suffer. You are completely clueless as to naval military technology of the time. Steamships did in fact have sails. They only used their steam engines in war situations. The steamships used in the Opium Wars were literally iron ships. The were superior in every single way to Chinese ships, which literally could not counter them at all. It was total naval domination due to technology, nothing else. Yes, the fact that the Chinese central government had terrible intel due to the nature of their terrible feudal bureaucracy played a role. However, the British were able to beat down fleets and armies far far far bigger than their own, repeatedly, in enemy territory. Plainly, they won because they had iron ships with the steam engine. That is the product of industrialization. Your perceived notion of the industrial revolution is wrong, that what you say is the start of the industrial revolution is actually after the end of the industrial revolution. Also, tea, porcelain and fine china are either raw resources, in the case of tea, or artisan work. They aren't industrial goods at all, and are the hallmark of a poor economy. China in the last 50 years is absolutely not that. While a lot of their goods are of lower quality, they are industrially produced goods, not artisan goods. That's because the CCP, even since Mao, for all their faults, recognized the mistakes of the Qing and began to mass industrialize. Telegram without GCM is incredibly fast. Compared to my computer with the app/website open, it's at most one second slower, and often times faster at delivering messages, even on battery saver. It also uses less than a percent of my battery per day if I don't open the app, and was 2% of my battery usage in the last two days despite being on the app for close to an hour. Telegram is GPL, I think it would be worth it to see how they use it, because it honestly is absolutely incredible. Yes but the implementation of the notification handling is impressive on the client side. The server side software as far as this is concerned should be easily deducible and isn't the interesting part. It's been a while ago but I think it was either a Kyocera, or one of those Samsung dumb phones. Otherwise there's also the 3310 refresh, although that's 3G. Cool, but an alternative will probably be made in the following months or wreks from the ashes of Corellium if you're correct, except that it won't be public this time, and they might not ever know about it. Security wise, that's the worst move they could do. The only argument for copyright abuse bring theft that is even remotely reasonable is that it possibly causes lost revenue/sales. If it doesn't, and in this case it can't, then there is absolutely no argument for it being theft that holds any more water than a sieve. So you pull a Telegram and create a good alternative to APN/Firebase. SGX is crypto that is already exploited and broken, it offers no real use in this context. Oh, and I forgot, you do need to essentially blindly trust Intel. Access can be defined as a subset of patient outcome for some definitions of patient, that I would argue are the ones that should be used. There's an additional advantage to the Kobo. The whole operating system is just on an SD card, unencrypted. You can copy it, image it, edit, modify it and so on very, very easily and it's impossible to brick it as long as you made a copy of the SD card. Wine and Proton are the last solution, and work exceedingly well, but companies such as EA are banning people that use those solutions for well no good reason. Well actually, they are allowed in the automotive world, re: Tesla. They won't necessarily lower the standard for some applications if the alternative is just regular people at the wheel. You know, all those same things are true of a lightweight XFCE or Mate Linux desktop. They've been true for over a decade now. Incidentally, I put Xubuntu on my grandma's computer for a few years. None, yet. But I don't see why it would be completely impossible. Also, Apple is what, 20% of market share? Less? Why compromise for 80% of users because 20% use a locked down ecosystem (read: jail) voluntarily? That complexity is useful and justified. Yes, but it's barely better when reconstructing the social graph is so easy. Also, Matrix offers a possible alternative. You can easily cheat in a multiplayer game no matter what. There is currently no counter to driver/ring 0 cheats. If you wanted to cheat there are much easier ways than a complete Linux install. Also there is an EAC version made for Wine. Obviously it can't counter cheats executing at Ring 0 or something similar, but it's the same for every OS. You're right, almost none of them do. There are many problems with the headline. First of all, a lot of Denuvo games no one cares about, either due to low popularity or because they aren't very different to the older, cracked version. These are a dozen of games that add times in the multiple hundreds of hours, warrantlessly. Second, cracking groups often voluntarily hold off on cracking games so that they are already updated by then. Often for multiple weeks to a month, where you see the crack to be on yesterday's update. In reality, I'd estimate cracking times to be around one or two weeks, with some high profile, usable at launch games to be cracked in hours. It's stateless the same way Chrome OS is: you put a systemd-timer on sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade, and you only use the web browser and libreoffice. ChromeOS also has a package manager and a full local filesystem, you just don't see it. Don't touch it on and XFCE debian derivative and it's the exact same. Yes, because the benchmark was using spinlocks incorrectly. There are many places where the Linux scheduler is more responsive, even in gaming, exactly because of what makes spinlocks inefficient. The Ryzen scheduler debacle comes to mind. Yes, they worked pretty well for OpenSSL. The issue was found eventually. In a proprietary system, it may have been there forever. Yep, it benefits everyone except exploitative employers that hire illegal immigrants to treat them poorly There are many many many games developped outside the US. Some of the biggest game companies aren't even American at all. F-22 weren't exported, it was probably just at Okinawa Good thing Stadia uses AMD GPUs then :) I have both an Nvidia and an AMD card. AMDGPU is the gold standard. Unity is also quite far from being known for the best performance. This is extremely pedantic and misses the point entirely, and I'm sure you know it. In Quebec at least everything is free before 18, after 65, and for those whose financial situation is dire, including vision, drugs etc... It really depends on your definition of programmable, I can see how it could be argued both ways. For anyone else, Cydia is a dpkg based package manager for jailbroken iOS That's why most countries have state exams :) Even at the height of the crypto boom my computer with a very fast graphics card at the time made like ten bucks a day. Well, I'm able to semi reliably play chess without a board and I don't even play a lot, go is a bit over twice the information so it's not that much. Also, 400 bits of information is about two sentences. Nope, not making enough to be worth the power drain and the noise anymore. What is the legal standard for say YouTube about not carrying illicit content? Just follow that. Make a list of banned hashes or something of the sort. It's different when its done as retaliation for a lawsuit. The courts look less than favourably upon that, in general. Here is a paper on it : https://arxiv.org/pdf/1002.2284.pdf And the second worse thing is to expose it to completely novel viruses. How about we expose it to as many common viruses as we want, but try to prevent novel viruses from popping up? 0.1 vs 2 is slightly over one order of magnitude. Hubei is estimated as being max at the 5th generation, and genomes so far have indicated less than 0.02% genetic variance. I don't see evolution playing a succincts) significant role in this timescale. The USSR was also exceedingly technically competent, except in some key areas and in administration. China could have averted this entire epidemic if they simply let the doctors warn the population of what was happening. Understanding the exponential fiction is key here. You can do 50x times as much effort with great technical ability and execution a month and a half later, it will barely be as effective as telling people to be careful a month and a half earlier. If the executives were paid as much as the workers, they would have very very different interests and concerns compared to nowadays. Even SGX based methods could be bypassed. You could do DMA on the video-game memory, you could plug the monitor HDMI cable into a raspberry pi 5 or 6 camera input and do framebuffer based aimbot, you could stealthily modify the GPU drivers to give you data before some processing stages (you could probably do that without leaving anything in CPU RAM for too long), and so on. You can just edit that code out from outside the hypervisor and no one will be any wiser. And a program from outside the hypervisor can just magically edit the instructions of the game to avoid such checks. You know that most cheats aren't free to begin with? They can actually get quite expensive. No reason you couldn't buy the device. Cheat production is a very big and very profitable industry. A state hero that the state arrested and silence just weeks earlier? That would be transparent. If it wasn't for companies like Facebook using and thus requesting that information to begin with, it would be a hell of a lot more difficult for American and Chinese agencies to get your data. If there is WiFi, the radios will be much much less active or even switch away from LTE/5G. Scaled for inflation? This is mostly Intel's fault. The day Ryzen came out, I almost quadrupled the computing power of my similarly priced Intel CPU. If I were to do so again I could get an eight times more powerful CPU for that money. There is no reason to believe that SARS-CoV-2 attacks the immune system. The study that suggested ADE for this virus showed a very mild effect in vitro. However, antibodies still prevented infection. More crucially yet, a high number of viruses exhibit ADE in vitro, yet only two exhibit ADE in vivo. Moreover, even in vitro, infection of immune cells by the virus did not lead to viral replication. It's therefore unlikely that it shows ADE in humans, especially since its far less severe than viruses that do. You might notice that for critical cases, lymphocytes counts are down. The issue is that lymphocyte counts are low, yet those patients show very high cytokine levels, and lymphocytes also exhibit exhaustion. Studies in a clinical setting have shown that indeed cytokine levels are a good predictor of lower lymphocyte counts. Thus this seems better explained by the cytokine storm. Another thing that's good to know is that this coronavirus seems to have a very good exoribonuclease, which is an error checking enzyme. Mutation rates are also quite low, empirically. It is thus probable that this virus will not evolve too much. Finally, the study that suggests that there are two lineages is deeply flawed. When you take into account the founder effect of international dissemination right before border controls are implemented, and the low mutation rate, you will find that the observation that led to the conclusions that there are two strains is not significantly more likely than the null hypothesis that this is simply a coincidence. Therefore it is not possible to make conclusions about the existence of strains, and certainly not possible to suggest they would behave differently in any way. Hopefully this will lead to the realization that most labour is in fact useless, and a normalization of that fact would be an incredible step forward, which will enable us to increase our quality of life by working less while sparing the environment. It probably won't happen. I would certainly be up for it, at least. A surprising amount of medicines have this incredibly foul taste. I was forced to take oseltamivir during the H1N1 epidemic, and I had to share a pill once (two of my siblings needed a half dose). It tasted so incredibly bitter and just mouth-wrenching Chloroquine is relatively easy to make. I think if prophylactic usage is recommended thousands of tons of the stuff will be produced in very short order. Actually, no. The therapeutic index of chloroquine in the treatment of covid-19 is relatively high. Some people take chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine at about half the acute dosage used for covid-19 (autoimmune disorders) for literal years. Given the half life as you mentioned, once or twice a week with enough lead time would be a sufficient dosage against covid-19 too. It's just that if you want to reach the concentration of chloroquine that you would have to take it over a long time otherwise, you need very high doses. And since you're already infected and have a ton of the virus, you also need higher concentrations than for prophylaxis. No, PCR test for a given RNA or DNA block. It will detect the virus, it will detect dead viruses, it will detect neutralized viruses, and it will detect virus bits. I think given the focus on ethanol and their request for partners they want this to be a mass market product I'm pretty sure one of the goals of freevalve was to make biofuels much more effective (and reach 50% efficiency) I doubt it. If people are able to photograph dark birds at night, I see no reason why a missile with much bigger optics and more efficient (wider band and monochrome) sensors wouldn't be able to find a plane. And those sort of family values come at other, massive societal costs. That honestly doesn't need 2.5GB. On my Linux machine I can run a web browser, KDE, Telegram and Pacman on barely over 800MB. So much more than an equivalent x86 box. That would also kill the person in multiple different ways at once. 384 threads at which SMT level again? What's the clock speed, and what's the IPC compared to say a 64 core 128 thread Threadripper? You'll find it won't compare favourably for 99.9% of workloads. Yes, yes I can. Pacman does background downloads, Spotify does music streaming, Telegram does voice chat. Firefox does the rest. Mind you, that's the amount of memory when I'm doing it all at once. You won't be listening to music, using the browser, downloading updates and streaming at the same time. Game streaming and live streaming are done in hardware by the GPU through accelerated encode. System memory is only really used for sending it to the network. I think the entire Turkey vs Syria situation is a misunderstanding of the tactical situation. Shooting down the drones would have been fairly easy, but Syria wasn't able to sortie its fighters because Turkey had F-16s on their side of the border that would fire off an AMRAAM as soon as a Syrian jet took off. The obvious counter would be anti air, but the issue is that Russia was unwilling to engage Turkish jets on Turkish territory on behalf of Syria (for obvious reasons). The real reason that Syria's tanks were destroyed is because Syria was unable to counter Turkish F-16s, not because of drones. Absolutely. China outside of Hubei has a CFR under 1%, actually. And they sure as hell didn't test everyone or even 10% of those infected in Hubei. If you have hackintosh level access, you would be able to inject kexts anyways. If anyone's wondering, atmospheric pressure is 101 300Pa, so 300 Pa is extremely low. No, they absolutely have not anywhere closed to the peak in Hubei. People with grave respiratory difficulties were given Kelatra and sent home. Outside of Hubei and after the peak, sure. This will likely get downvoted, but it seems to be the most accurate explanation. American culture is not able to understand the common good anymore. And it cannot understand the brutality of politics, nor the need to participate in it. This is the age of children of cages, forgotten in a week for the official opposition to complain about civility on Twitter. Meanwhile other Western countries burn tires and flip over cars for a thousand times less. In non Western countries, people stand up to bullets in order to complain about the government. But this country made mean people on Twitter the main issue in the election cycle, above Healthcare, War and Concentration camps. The American public has grown soft, largely by design. It's certainly a first person shooter, and I'd say an apt one. I would believe that if changing the user agent or toggling some flags didn't fix it. LG actually builds a surprisingly higher number of phones than one would expect. And citizens had to fight tooth and nail, against institutions and against violence to achieve that. Trust me, US elites would have been happy to keep it that way. This is simply false. Facebook creates phantom profiles to track users that don't even have a Facebook account. Companies ultimately respond to monetary incentives. So directly or indirectly, they are giving your data to Facebook because it gets them paid. This is Apple. Unless there is a major downside, they will keep the same prices or increase it. That's Geekbench. The differences in Geekbench for ARM devices and Geekbench for x86 are laughable. Why not compare them in a real life workload like a render on Blender or a kernel compile? Because the way the code is compiled or hand optimized even, which kind of extensions are used for ARM vs x86 (SSE, AVX and so on). Many of the worloads used in Geekbench are straight up directly accelerated, which is fine if the only thing that's requiring CPU power on your machine is Javascript, but not so otherwise. Other synthetic benchmarks of memory bandwidth and so on use all acceleration features of the plafortm on ARM but don't support AVX2 or AVX512, although some other workloads in the benchmark do. And of course you would have to choose exactly which instruction is used in which scenario in which processor(Intel vs Zen 1 vs Zen 2) in order to have the same kind of optimization as for ARM processors. Then comes the issue that vector operations are "hand-tuned", which is not realistic and depending on the skill of the programmer and their affinity with a given uArch can yield vastly different results. Which is why they should either use the fastest library for each processor, or leave all the optimization to the compiler. The only way to do a proper comparison between two uArch is with an open source benchmark compiled specifically for the processor. All of these tasks are "accelerated" by skimping on quality or using silicon dedicated to a specific program. It doesn't matter in real life unless literally the only thing you do is use a browser and nothing else, and even then only JS, not wasm. In which case, I don't know why you would even have a CPU with more than two cores, and an i3 would be more than enough anyways. JS acceleration really only matters if you want to maximize battery life and the only thing you're doing with your computer is contained in a traditional webview. That is to say, it matters little for laptops, as they already have 7-8 hour battery life, and literally not at all for desktops. So, for example, my computer can encode 4 4K videos in real time simultaneously. Why don't I use this feature? Because the encode quality is subpar. So unless you give me a benchmark of the iPad Pro on ffmpeg or any other open source, non-hardware accelerated video encode software, comparison is completely moot. And the benchmarks that have been done on ffmpeg on x265 or x264 show that the iPad Pro is multiple times slower than an Intel laptop. Now obviously x265 is optimized for x86, but not on the order of multiple times slower. Unless it is the case, and that means that your benchmarks don't apply either. Herein lies the issue, for many many workloads hardware acceleration while faster offers results that are not comparable to the CPU in terms of quality. So the only way to compare is by disabling hardware acceleration, and x86 processors tend to win. Metal is a trash API that no one uses in the real world. It offers literally nothing better than Vulkan. And the fact that the chip is "customized for the API" is vacuous. All GPUs are optimized for OpenGL, DirectX or Vulkan. Same for a lot of the "Core" APIs. They will not succeed outside of the mobile market. The T2 chip is simply a glorified security processor. There is absolutely nothing the T2 chip does that a traditional security processor in say a Zen chip can't do. x86 CPUs can already do AES at speeds so high you would need something like 4 RAID-0 NVMe SSDs to have a performance bottleneck, and even then the limitation isn't the CPU but RAM speed. There is no real world scenario where you would need to "accelerate" disk encryption or other kinds of cryptography beyond what an x86 CPU can do. Cryptography isn't some kind of magic you can't implement without some specialized chip, literally everything the T2 chip does can be done using a trusty old x86 processor and TPM. The only use of the T2 chip is for Apple to have more control over your hardware, and literally nothing else. I mean, that might depend on the type of encryption used by your computer but there is a ton of documentation about full disk encryption in the Linux world and for over a decade there is almost no performance hit. My experience with a 2008 MBP running Debian was that disk encryption on or off had a very small performance hit. >The dedicated AES hardware extensions in ARM and x86 cores are probably the same logic anyway, so it shouldn't matter too much who decrypts the data. Maybe it's a tiny bit faster with the T2 though, because then the CPU doesn't necessarily have to pipe all the data through it's buses for decryption then. But that is more or less a feature of having a dedicated separate chip for it, and is thus not tied to the question of whether that chip uses ARM or x86 or any other ISA. I don't really see how that would help, CPU i/o has to handle the exact same amount of incoming data encryption or not. Maybe a bit less RAM impact though. It's a fork of GIMP with a different name, basically. Indeed. It attempts to be a more sensitive name, which I appreciate, but it ends up being a pure negative for the vast majority of the planet save for ~500 million people, as it will lead to appellation and branding fragmentation that will make using and learning the software more difficult, all in order to appease anglophone sensitivities. Anglocentrism in tech as it applies to user facing elements is a very big problem in my opinion. The name is fine. I'd love to make such a benchmark, but I won't because I don't have enough money to justify buying a Mac. If you send me one I'll port the rendering engine over and do the benchmark, though. There is a difference between advertising on Facebook, and sending the data from your users to Facebook in order to advertise for cheaper. But yes, any business that sends your data to Facebook for advertising purposes is bad and should not be used. True, but my thought was that since AES decryption is mostly limited by RAM bandwidth anyways, the transfer from the SSD to the CPU, then from the CPU to the T2 chip, then from the T2 chip to the CPU won't be much faster than transferring from the SSD into the RAM, then decryption, then it being read back into the RAM. Not necessarily. A lot of Bailouts are interest free loans or just outright gifts. I wouldn't oppose them nearly as much if it was the government buying shares at a reasonable price with voting powers, but it's seldom the case. GIMP was installed on every single computer in my entire k12 education in francophone Canada. I disagree, this is a valid point. Making everything about the perceptions of Americans is very bad for open source software. It is a fact that this is a fork of a very well established open source project that will at best fragment branding and documentation because the name is offensive to some puritan Americans. I absolutely guarantee that if this name was a mildly offensive reference to something in pop culture in say Nigeria, no one would care. I agree that the wording of the first statement is provocative. I don't think it's an insult, and I don't think that it's wrong. And honestly I don't believe that a provocative comment is necessarily a bad thing, provocation certainly has it's place in discussion. And while "Americans should learn the rest of the world doesn't go around them" is provocative, in the americentric context of hackernews and essentially nowhere else, I fail to see how it a good faith interpretation of the post results in the conclusion that it was posted solely to provoke anger. It rather seems to me that it is provocative in order to force the reader to consider their personal biases. While you would certainly be in your rights at Ycombinator to remove provocative speech, provocation made directly against the status quo or against the dominant zeitgeist or group in a forum is most certainly useful. Provocative comments such as these help remove pretense and veneer around arguments for and against dominant positions, and when they are made from the less dominant position they help remove the gravitas of more widely held or convenient ideas. I'm not saying that this necessarily applies fully to the comment we are talking about, but stating the comment provocatively absolutely has it's uses. I also disagree that the intent of the comment was to provoke a nationalistic flame war, that depends wholly on the answers and the subsequent responses, and from what I've seen the answers to this comment are much more intellectually interesting that in the ~1 other thread, and I think if it was allowed to progress further would have been more interesting still. This is because it's the only top level comment that addresses the implicit subtext of the purpose of the project. There is massive anglo- and frankly americano-centrism in the tech community. Anyone who makes any decisions in tech communities acts or is expected to act inside of the context of English, American culture, and so on. This leads to, in my experience, a lot of programmers and other people in tech who's working culture is American culture and whose working language is the English language to inform the landscape of tech. This is almost never addressed, except for cursory comments that are almost always inconsequential. The very fact that tech culture is so overwhelmingly americano-centric and that almost nothing is ever done, or that it is almost never addressed when relevant, is why I think that provocativeness when addressing the situation can certainly be warranted. In fact, this is the main function of provocativeness in discourse, because it forces the dominant narrative to be questioned. I believe this to be in the good faith of allowing the discussion to go forwards. It is true that the spirit of the website is to be curious, and if the community did act in that spirit unavailingly all of the time equitably, provocation would not be useful. But this is not the case, neither will it ever be the case when the subject isn't objective tech, but instead deeply rooted almost unconscious assumptions about the world that frankly this community is not generally known for addressing well, direct provocation is, to me warranted. If you take the example of this project for example, the entirety of the project is an exercise in Americentrism. Literally all of it uses the "default" American cultural point of view in order to make prescriptive recommendation about what is culturally better or worse for an international community. And yet, this is not even mentioned in FAQ, nor in any other top level comment. You won't find anyone questioning this, and indeed you will certainly find throughout the website countless examples of people celebrating the Americentric nature of discourse in technology. It is not secret that Americans, in general, are more egregious in their Americentrism than other cultural groups are about their own relative ethnocentrism. This is sentence is, I believe in good faith, true. The only reason I can think of why one would find this less egregious than the leading sentence in the top level comment is because the interpreter would feel targeted by the former, or because one would be provoked. If someone is indeed provoked by that sentence, then I believe it is not a bad outcome - it forces the interpreter to be exposed to this very unpopular yet valid objection. In fact, strong and provocative language in these subjects may be much more effective in driving out interesting discussion than milquetoast, matter-of-fact discussion, which is much better suited to other subjects. Being provocative, even arguing for a position more extreme than your own, is important and when exploring an underexplored yet important subject can honestly be better than disaffected disconnected discourse for all parties. If one cannot answer in good faith to a provocative or attacking statement, then something is lost. Passion in discussion especially in such a profound subject that is difficult to understand because of cultural factors is not a bad thing. The dialectic between thesis and antithesis is very enriching when talking about non-material subjects. It shouldn't be eschewed simply because the opposition may attack the person indirectly, that is unavoidable in such discussions. Putting up more of a veneer is generally unhelpful. I didn't say this is an American thing is. I said that American culture is the "default" culture of tech, and that's a problem. There are very many names of projects, open source or otherwise that are problematic in one specific culture, and that's almost never seen as an issue (rightfully) I don't believe that claiming a group on average exhibits more of a characteristic is a generalization. And I don't think nationalism is when someone talks about average characteristics of the population of a nation. EDIT: I forgot to add, I don't really think that a community with 50% of it's citizens being in one country is highly international. Sure, but how long does a laptop actually stay on idle and not a sleep state or low power state (doing something)? And a significant part of R&D is in practice patent-engineering and slightly better solution to trivially solved issues. I can make you an insanely intricate door if you want with a cheap CNC machine. But I don't see a ton of demand for it. Also, the vast majority of the cost of a half million dollar home is the land. Damn, that's quite striking. No, of course not. The employee complains about not being quarantined for 14 days after exposure. That makes sense. The only way to fix that was to have made a better decision. Quarantining him 18 days later is entirely pointless and adresses nothing. Except when the only reason you're being told not to come in is to prevent you from organizing a strike. I don't know that it's necessarily a patronizing view. I know a lot of people that do sincerely believe that they are temporarily embarrassed millionaires, despite all facts pointing to the idea that they are not. Except if that free speech is an attempt to organize. I would like to add, if the quarantine order on March 30th is about the contact of March 11th, and it seems it is, and if he's the only one being quarantined, then I don't think there's any discussion about whether or not this should be in the right or in the wrong If the company is so essential that strikes by its employees are too dangerous, then it should be nationalized both in the interest of the nation and to prevent conflict of interest. Having a private company and having it's employees banned from striking is really contradictory ideologically and dysfunctional. If a company is private, then the employees should be able to have their private right to strike. Why is he the only one being quarantined then? And from what I'm seeing, the exposure was the 11th, so 14 days would already be up. The employee admits that he was exposed to someone on March 11th. That's already 17 days ago, so the quarantine would be up. So what's your solution then, companies can just tell employees to stay home for no valid when they try to plan a strike or organize, and then fire them if they still try to do so? Anecdotaly, my touch screen devices's screens are less durable than my mechanical keyboard, but I agree with your overall points, touch screens can be made incredibly durable. Fighter jets are starting to use touchscreens, too. I actually don't think it should be legal for a platform to buy software and then remove it from a competing platform. It's incredibly anti-competitive. If they made their own software and didn't put it on Android, sure. But this isn't it. The issue is that this prevents him from organizing strikes effectively. That is very problematic. KDE connect made plugging my phone into my computer basically obsolete, at least for me. I don't know that he can work from home, as a fulfillment center employee. It seems to me that Amazon was just trying to find a way to keep him away from other workers in order to collapse strike efforts. And I don't know that it's reasonable for a company to bar you from the office if you're trying to get the company unionized. gksudo and UAC don't let the process lie about what it is. Some of my teachers use jitsi, which works on the same principle. The teacher sends a link, you click it, and that's it. Works very well, and no limit. I think the best way to understand this reality is that when it comes down to it, a lot more things are political than one would think. For example, "I don't like cats" is apolitical because it doesn't take into consideration anyone but you. But as soon as you say, "we like cats too much", that's political. An example I would give is someone that's debating which feature an open-source project should work on. That's inherently political. The only difference between that and whether or not we should fund smartphones for homeless people, for example, is a matter of scale. An issue I see right off the bat, how do you deal with the reality that politics can and does exist without and within, not just between political parties? I think the best definition of politics is anything that relates to the making of decisions that concern a group of people. If whatever you are doing or talking about concerns how we should make decisions, then it is political. And I don't think that's an issue. To try to limit politics to what happens in an electoral party state is pretty sad and reductive, and contributes to political apathy. I think there's an issue with saying that extremism is necessarily an issue. For most theoretical thinkers, extremism is a necessary result of theory. And there is nothing wrong with that, if extremism in an ideology is an issue it's generally that the ideology itself is problematic. I honestly don't see the issue with this argument. How is it that this doesn't contribute to the discussion? I don't think it does. It also doesn't make any argument in bad faith or that is egregiously wrong, so I see absolutely no reason for it to be downvoted, unless the only objection is of the order of "I don't agree" or "I don't want to agree". Which is by itself a bad faith reason to downvote a post. Sensor noise does not translate nearly as well as one might think in compressed videos. And there are likely repeating data blocks big enough to analyze. You're forgetting about the technical intricacies of compressed video. Compressed video is a mix of high and low entropy content, with a predictable time pattern to this. For example, one can easily use traffic analysis to find B-Frames, and run analysis on that. Bam, you get very low entropy due to the stationary nature of video conference. Untrue. Many performance trade-offs have to be made and the entropy has to vary drastically with time. See for example B-Frames vs I-frames in compressed video. Couple that with the very low entropy video conference data and bam. It's a numbers game. There is a certain probability that each virion can spur and infection, so the less you get the better. If virions had a 100% infection chance then sure, but it's much lower than that. waifu2x is optimized for anime. Because of its anime upscaling success, it gained a lot of awareness and is now used in more non-photorealistic images in general, with a very decent popularity. You greatly overestimate both the image quality of crappy videoconferencing streamed video, the amount of pixel-wise sensor noise after noise reduction (pretty low actually), while underestimating the ingenuity of crypt-analysts and the power of having a lot of data. Like seriously, the only way the shitty 1mm or less sensors on webcams are able to deliver HD video is through an abject amount of noise reudction, sharpening and filtering. All of which greatly reduce entropy. Hint: You don't need to know the plaintext exactly. you just need to be able to build a reasonably precise probability distribution. In the case of ads, arguably negative social value. I don't know that this would be the case. Pulp production is not a nameless commodity, it needs to be up to a certain spec for surgical masks, for example. Canada is the supplier for a great many US companies. Sure, the US could try to produce that speficic spec, but it would not be easy and would take precious weeks that the US cannot spare. If it could, production would just increase for respirators, but this has to be done instead because it takes too much time. And in that time, Canada will likely be able to set up production for the masks, actually. If I remember correctly 3M Canada does make filter media, so the expertise is there. It isn't rocket science either, it just takes time. In a full scale economic war between the US and Canda, at least all Canadians will still have water and electricity. We can debate that, but Telegram doesn't claim E2EE where it isn't the case. Yes. It is impossible to generate a billion dollars of value. The only way to be a billionaire is, in some way or another, to divert resources from other people, be it workers or consumers. You're right, they didn't necessarily belong to someone else, because "belong" is a useless term. I'm talking about who produces value and who didn't, and my rationale is that getting a lot of value you didn't produce is immoral, which is ultimately a subjective statement but one I can defend. But because they didn't create a billion dollars in value, then someone else had to produce it. Meaning that someone provided value but got less than what they provided so that a billionaire got more than the value they provided. This is a consequence of the premise that they didn't create a billion dollars in value. I'm saying that it's a diversion, because they contributed less, yet got much more. So in my view, since people who contribute more deserve more, up to a limit on both ends, and that billionaires get much much more than they contribute, being a billionaire means taking what someone else deserves. Which if you agree I think can be fairly called diversion. Good thing we have search engines. If I want to find a good or service, I'll go look up reviews or the like. Ads only serve to sell me things that I don't need, in the vast majority of cases. I think it's fair to say that making people want more stuff is socially negative. It wasn't non-obvious. It was covert. People had to root phones and observe CPU frequencies to uncover it. I see absolutely no indication that the intent was for the batteries to get replaced. If you want to try new foods, that's cool, I do too. Read local food reviews. But if ads convince you to try 47 different restaurants and that otherwise you would have been perfectly happy to eat at home, then the ads did a disservice to society. I have bought 3$ cushions including fragile velours ones that lasted over 3 years of heavy use without a problem. Well, for all it's ills this virus didn't arise due to and likely would never have arisen if the zoonotic reservoir was farmed instead of captured. I disagree. I and I lot of people I know go out of our ways for local food reviews, and word of mouth is also incredibly powerful. And you must remember that for every local food ad there are 300 ads for McDonalds or Walmart, and they are just as effective, altough likely for another demographic. Only for now, because it isn't approved. If it is approved and doesn't have too many effects it should be much much more effective early on. Firefox Mobile also has a lot of improvements coming up. The previews are actually quite amazing These kinds of parts can actually be mass produced. You could probably make 3500 face shields in less than a week with 10 printers. The mass produced Prusa i3 printers actually use quite a few 3D printed parts, and they made over a hundred thousand. Such a novel and powerful idea, I think it might end up very revolutionary and disruptive. I recall don't think you could Carl it off the mark. Sure, but setting up or changing an assembly line takes weeks, during which the 3D printer would have printed a few thousand masks. Both technologies have their uses, and this is a demonstration of the usefulness of 3D printing. Smuggle the phone back using an electric dirt bike crossing the Canada-US border in the middle of the night, that way the TSA won't bother you. If you care so much about uncensorable resilient service you probably already use either jailbroken iOS or Android. And if you don't, then do. iOS has a 13% market share anyways. Hope you got it! ComputerCraft works well too, and there are a lot of interesting extensions. I mean, it is. In a sense, almost everything is political. Politics != Party affiliation. Which policies are instituted decide with a large effect who and how much are killed by the virus. Deciding the implementations of those policies, is in fact politics. Fighting a war abroad and inside your own borders is very, very, very different. An air force isn't that useful against a political faction at home. The only reason it worked in Syria is because of Foreign support. And because a large faction of the population decided that actually they were fine with Assad. If you were vastly outnumbered and tried to wage war against your population they can just strike. And just like that all your advanced weapons won't be able to be maintained. If you want to force people to work on your factories, bombs won't be very useful, but guns will be. Sure, but in this case this is the intended workflow, and works so well that if another, alternate workflow is affected it's not much of a problem. I for one use neither Facebook Instagram not LinkedIn. The reason why I worry so much about privacy details is because it can be implemented in a way that respects privacy. If it doesn't, then that is highly suspicious and doubly unfortunate given the circumstances. But if it is implemented right then I will use it. And thankfully, it seems to be implemented right, so if that holds I will use it and try to convince other people to do so as well. Obviously. I think having your location tracked for a few days, if you are infected , is not a serious concern. In fact, there is absolutely no way I can see that can get around that. Because the keys, from my understanding, change every day. So if someone is infected, you can only track them for the relevant days because those are the keys they would give you. You could simply set it up to delete your own keys after 14 days, for example. That's already the reality of contact tracing, though. So are algorithms and software, except the rules might be even older I think the expression might be "for all intents and purposes". goddamnit, well played :) 2.5x?? There is absolutely no way a car uses 250w on average in city driving, even with regen. If that was the case, some Teslas would have an autonomy of 400 hours(!) in city driving. More like 25-100x more energy. And that's quite generous still. In a city, bikes are indeed multiple orders of magnitude more efficient than cars for personal transportation. They are at 1000+ watts peak, but unless your average speed is of 45mph in a city all the time, you're not pushing 1kw on average. More like 100-200 watts on average. Electric cars do not use 2.5 times the power of a car. Unless there is another electric vehicle that can go 100% the speed of a car, and is air-conditioned, that I don't know of. Sure, but the peak power of a human on a bicycle is not 100w, I personally can do 1100w for around 30 seconds on a road bike and accelerate up to 60kph. I have downhill in the city achieved speeds in excess of 70kph when I was younger and stupider, on a run of the mill unpowered bicycle. So I don't really get the safety argument, just don't be an idiot, it's not as if on a 30kg bicycle you're putting anyone in danger except yourself, really, or pedestrians in very rare occasions. Most jurisdictions prevent you from using an ebike with more than a kilowatt or less peak power without some sort of license, so unless you're talking about the tiny minority of DIYers, it's not an issue. Another thing that you have to keep in mind is that electric motors on bicycles are almost always limited in their top speed by their kv rating, that is to say, by their gearing. Once you get up to high speeds, power tends to drop off quite significantly as the battery and controller can't keep up with the motor and the ever-higher voltages required. So unless your ebike is specifically geared for that task or that you use a mid-drive with a ridiculous 72 speed transmission and gigantic pedal sprocket, you're not hitting 55mph on an ebike with a 250w motor, or with a 1000w motor for that matter. If it was actually useful to go that fast we would already do so. So in the end, the average power of someone riding an ebike around town is of 100w-250w, whereas cars use in the order of 10000w+ in town. This means bikes are on the order of 25-100 times more efficient than cars. If you want to build any sort of enclosed structure that can pass crash safety, it will likely have 4-5 times the frontal area of an ebike, and weigh the better part or upwards of a ton. And in the end, you will have an average power consumption, not peak, in a city in the multikillowatt range. Essentially, you would make an electric Smart Car, which already exists :) So do CPAP machines, though. It is fallacious to think that because something is legal, it is OK. However, CPUs have much much better branching performance, and are much easier to fully utilize. To be fair, how often do people pair their headphones? I think I paired my headphones only twice in the past month, and that took about 45 seconds. The 10980XE uses an incredible amount of power though. All of them if someone else does the initial set up, from first hand experience. For updates, you hit the update button. When something goes wrong, same as others. An 85 1.4 vs an equivalent smartphone lens is literally in the 100s of times more light. It's quite crazy, I don't think it'll ever be doable. Anyways, smartphone cameras are and will be for a long time stuck because of their diffraction limited sensors due to low lens diameters. To be fair, Sony cameras have high resolution OLED panels, in the viewfinder. There is the alternative for ultra-long lenses of an a6000 + a soviet mirror lens. Just goes to show the flexibility of an ILC. Honestly, I'm having tons of fun with really old viewfinder or DSLR lenses. If I had a bit more motivation I'd figure out the electronic lens protocol of my Sony camera, and program a microcontroller to drive an extension tubes and make autofocus lenses out of them. So yeah, if you're willing to do without AF, and especially if you're doing video, it's difficult to beat a fairly sharp 50 1.4 for 50$ Even crazier, the Zeiss R-Biotar 100mm f0.73, which can be found on ebay for under a thousand dollars. Yes, but ultimately no matter how much computational photography and odd filter arrays you throw it, the diffraction limit will kill you with a 2mm wide smartphone camera. Yep. But the big part is that even with a smaller than full-frame sensor, you still end up with a higher effective aperture and better noise at a given luminosity than say a Nikon P1000, for less cost. You give up zoom and IS (unless you go for an a6500, still cheaper than a P1000), though. Thermal throttling and energy saving when using all the cores on a laptop i9 means that the 4000 series 8 cores are on a league of their own. The existence of for-profit healthcare is reasonably why hospitals have to shut departments in the middle of a pandemic to handle balance sheets. If for-profit healthcare didn't exist, I really don't see how the total amount of money going into a hospital would decrease right now. I agree. but the existence of for-profit healthcare is largely why the US is the only country without public healthcare. Publicly funded healthcare does not work the way you think it does. There is a budget allocated to healthcare every year, if one year the hospitals don't have enough money to cover expenses but that there is still money left in the coffers (for example, due to less electives), then they will end up getting the money they need to operate. Were it not for for-profit healthcare, the US would almost certainly operate this way. It's very certainly faster by a healthy margin, with slightly worse build quality and a worse screen. I wonder how feasible it would be to remove the internal instruction set translation, thus making it not an x86 CPU, and doing translation in software. Sure, but in all of those countries health care insurers are incredibly tightly controlled and the state is still by far the biggest insurer. Which is why the state can and will fund hospitals directly after this crisis. Sure, but what I'm telling you is that in the event of a major event that means that the amount of procedures goes down drastically which means the healthcare budget is not depleted, but that hospitals need to money to deal with a pandemic, the state steps in and will fund the hospitals. It does have a lot to do with it, as it directly nullifies the issue the OP was talking about. When I mean incredibly tightly controlled, I mean effectively price controls, and very stringent ones at that, and all of them have the state as the main insurer anyways, while AFAIK the US does not insure anyone directly. Syria still exists as a nation, and if a significant amount of people in the US decided to stop being in the US for a good reason (say, the US becomes a murderous dictatorship), then they should have the right, same as any other citizen of any other country. Eventually, all the clever innovations will either have smaller and smaller impacts, or will be impossible to implement due to material restrictions. Exponential, infinite growth can not be sustainable. Or, eventually, capitalism has to end. Islamic empires did not have a truly free market. Islam imposes quite a few financial and economical restrictions (I'd say, rightfully in many instances) Yes. Without viable debt being possible, barriers to entry to all markets skyrocket. When barriers to entry increase, competition breaks down. Thus, viable debt must be possible. For viable debt must be possible, there must be an opportunity for the lender to realize real interests. In order for the lender to be able to expect real interest on average, there must be growth. Thus, growth must always exist for the current system to continue. You should read Marx. In general, he explicitly separates accumulated capital (wealth) and value. Sure, but even beforethen growth will slow down very very significantly, and might go to zero for some for significant periods. Just building a Dyson sphere would probably take a few millenia. On average, if there is no growth in the economy, then the average debtor can not expect a positive return on investment (obviously). As a collateral, on average, a bank can not expect that the debtor will be able to pay interest on the loan. So selling loans honestly becomes impossible. This is not a theoretical concept, this is the reason why in pre-industrial times lending with interest was all but forbidden. Let's expand on the example of your factory. Say that you have a factory, that needs to be replaced in ten years. Why would you take out a loan over ten years with substantial interest, when you can simply save up over ten years to buy another factory? Since there is zero inflation, this is incredibly better for you. And so, there is no reason for you to take a loan; and you won't take out a loan. For an economic transaction to happen, it needs to be in the interest of both party, and in a no-growth economy taking out a loan is either in the interest of the lender or the debtor, but never both, on average, for a given lending policy. This is not the case when there is growth, which is why we have banks, whereas we didn't really have any kind of lending infrastructure in times were growth was of or near zero. The only people that might want a loan are people that don't have enough capital to get started, but in a zero-growth economy you cannot expect that they will be able to repay you, so you won't lend to them, and if you do lend to them expecting that they will not pay you back that will be at astronomical interest rates and will essentially be usury. Not really, no. The Coranic prescriptions have been relatively unchanged since a thousand years. Given the combination of textual and oral traditions, and the low divergence of historic Qurans over a wide area, we can conclude that the Quran did not significantly change. The Coranic prescriptions about usury and other economic activities are incredibly clearly written. The only conclusion is that there is no reason to believe that it was in any way different to today, and a lot of reasons to believe the restrictions on free trade are even higher than in the modern Islamic world. No, I'm projecting it would take millenia even if we start multiple hundreds of years in the future. We absolutely could not even start building a Dyson sphere today, the material constraints are far beyond anything we are capable of. The reason why I'm saying it would take in the thousands of years, is because of this tautology: If we want to build a Dyson sphere, it means that we are still limited to the energy we can get from Earth. Given the issues that come with extracting a large percentage of the energy received by the Earth, even if we used fusion (due to thermodynamic constraints), the limit of energy used can be placed around 5-10% of the energy Earth receives from the Sun (And that would require extensive geo-engineering). With that sort of energy output, the energy alone required in order to move the material needed for a Dyson sphere from Earth orbit to Sun orbit would take literally millenia, and that's with a combined effort from all of Mankind, which politically completely impossible for the next centuries unless China or some other superpower was able to magically establish true utopic statless communism and win away the rest of the world to establish a world cooperation of sunshine and rainbows magically. A Dyson sphere would weight around the mass of the Earth. The Hohmann transfer from Earth to Mercury (fly-bys cannot work due the sheer mass knocking out other planets from their orbits, this is actually the magnitude of energy we're talking about). If we could magically make the material necessary appear from Earth gradually, d/v from earth surface to LEO then from LEO to Mercury's orbit or thereabouts via a Hohmann transfer is of around 15 000 m/s. If you take the good old kinetic energy formula, 1/2mv^2, you find that this would require a staggering amount of energy that would take millenia to amass. Towing materials from asteroid belts would require almost as much energy, and you would need some sort of megastructure for processing. What I'm telling you is that there are hard limits that mean that our growth must slow down. There is a hard limit to how much energy we can harness from the earth, and a hard limit for how fast we can avoid this. Progress will have to slow down, a society based on endless exponential growth at short-term significant rates is untenable. Ebikes can already outrange most bus routes. I'm building a battery pack right now that should give a range of 150-180kms realistically, for about 300$CAD. That said, it's going to be pretty heavy at 10kg, but that's less than the amount of textbooks I was carrying just a few years ago :) About 5-6 liters, should fit nicely on the rear rack. An underestimated benefit of Linux vs MacOS especially if they go for ARM is that Wine is getting really, really good. One more than one occasion I downloaded an exe by accident and used it flawlessly. No, gaming is laggy because Apple doesn't want to allow you to use OpenGL or Vulkan, despite the fact that the drivers already exist. Play a DirectX game on Linux via DXVK or Proton,and you stand a good chance of getting better performance than Windows (!) As long as you don't mind taking an hour or two to root it and unlock the bootloader, an LG V30 is 150$ new, is very well supported by the ROM community, supports GCam (since the camera hardware is superior to pixels, the quality is simply amazing) with results that my friends with iPhone 11 pros accept are superior, has a processor fast enough for everything except heavy gaming, supports "AirDrop" via KDE connect (I literally have my phones filesystem mounted on my computer at all time, and I can share->send to computer, as well as the reverse). It doesn't have the fastest processor, but at least I can use it however I want, and doesn't have a 1500mAh battery that will render it useless in two years. I run Arch Linux for work even though we're a Debian shop, and it has a great many efficiency advantages. I think in hours they are more than worth the three hours of productivity loss it would take me to repair my machine in case something bad happens. Indeed, AUR and the extreme adaptability of Arch probably saves me 2-3 hours a week. Since we're talking about compiling from scratch, I spend about a third of the time compiling since I've got Arch on my machine (albeit a fairly powerful Ryzen). The vast breadth of the AUR saves me a lot of time having to figure out how to compile version z of software x. My R9 290X stock would run up to 96C. Bayes' Theorem should be getting taught with quite some emphasis in high school, imo. Even if homomorphic encryption was practical, you would need hardware to decrypt that would have to be either on the cloud oron premise. They are likely good enough yes, presence of strong antibodies pretty much means there's no way the virus can outpace the immune response, and it often is neutralized so strongly you wouldn't even notice inoculation. Cheap LG LGABB41865. They are low discharge, but since I have 2kWh of capacity I'm not going to be going north of 1C so it is well within spec. It is generally recognized that negotiating with Fascists is a bad idea, as many in the Weimar Republic would indicate. Nationalist Spain also enjoyed extreme support by both capitalist Western Europe and the Soviet Union. If your theory of equal popularity being necessary for a protracted civil war, asymmetric foreign support indicates that the non-Nationalist side would have higher social support. That China will promptly ignore. Corbyn is absolutely not a tankie, he's a social Democrat. If you've learn a bit of history, tell me, once capitalism starts degenerating and the left gets kneecap by the center, what exactly is it that happened? What happened when the SPD alienated the KPD and it's own left wing in order to triangulate itself into having slightly more votes? What you're seeing is party infighting that likely cost Corbyn the 2018 election, and if you think that suppressing the left is going to be a viable tactic as you just need to compromise ever more with the right, I'd suggest opening your favourite history manual to Germany in 1929 :). Because that really, really doesn't end well. Parliamentary elections are more complicated than that, had Labour won three or four most seats they would have likely been in power as a coalition with other parties of the left. This might have quite literally cost Labour the election. You should read about it. The Tories may not be proto-fascist, but the willingness of the entire political system to compromise towards the right is what meant that fascist uprisings were successful in the 1930s and not when they tried earlier (it was shut down by the KPD and SPD prior to it) Sure, but without the bottom 50% the top 20% would not be able to make nearly as much money as they do. Progressive taxation is aware of the exploitive nature of capitalism. Just because people are being exploited doesn't mean they don't contribute, much to the contrary. In practice, none of them would actually have implemented it, except the only one with a history of going against party and lobby. Barack Obama ran far to the left of Barack Obama, but ended up compromising with Republicans for some absurd reason as he held both the house and senate, to the degree where he passed Mitt Romney's proposal while dragging his feet. None of them except for Bernie Sanders was willing to recognize the system as fundamentally broken. Biden and Clinton and indubitably their Democrat sosies would openly profess to the elite that nothing would change. Did Trump have to compromise with the left wing of the Republican Party? Did Biden have to compromise with the left wing of the Democratic Party? No, because of the implicit threat of being primaried, or for the party to be shifted. Which Obama did not even threaten, but all others presidents did (towards the right). He also openly compomised in the name of "bipartisanship" multiple times despite it being uneeded. Because the presidency is vastly more powerful than what you think. Obama could have pulled an FDR, or a Trump, and shifted the party very hard, but didn't. It's quite simple: you go to your opponent, you tell him that if he doesn't follow the whip you will use your vast reach to get him primaried, threaten to modify the rules of the DNC, hell, drum up support for a general strike. Threaten to slash the military budget, threaten to cancel a defence program, or to stop shale oil subsidies, play politics . But for some reason, from FDR onwards, no one plays politics except to concede towards the right. Literally no one in power. The platform of the Democratic Party has become "Let's be Republican-lite in order to win those elusive moderate independent" that for some reason seem to shift more and more towards the right for every single election cycle for the last 40 years, almost as if they were illusory or weren't as ideologically unmovable as asserted. And it's total bullshit that the Democratic Party wouldn't consider a public option. The Republican Party was considering a public option. Compared to Trump, roughly half of the Republican party is to his left by varying magnitudes. Obamacare, for example, was originally a Republican proposal. But yes, the entire Republican party line eventually toes the party line. Same for the Democratic party, as long as the party line strengthens the class interests of the elite. Well, for a 50$ camera, I'd be comfortable attempting to debayer it. Basically, scratching off the Bayer filter using some sort of tool that wont scratch the silicon. That's because a ton of European countries already have unemployment so generous that it's essentially the same or better than what the US is doing without having to do any changes. It doesn't matter, mining difficulty is automatically determined by how much mining is being done. The simplest way to accomplish your goals would be through unions integrating and syndicating ultimately culminating into a general strike and overthrowing existing power structures. In practice however, the national guard will start shooting beforethen (see: Haymarket square massacre, Battle of Blair Mountain), so you better stock up on weapons just in case. This is why you should simply strike. 10% of the US population striking would exert immense power and make the ruling class crumble. The difference is purpose, and intent. The people not at work right now have been judged non-important, and have no purpose. If the 10% was distributed differently, in the intent of maximum damage instead of minimum damage, and if they had a clear goal of overthrow, the ruling class would be fucked and the stock market would be at 0. Of course, having a "strike" where everyone is willing to go back to work and only non-essential people are striking will not do much of anything as far as power relations. That much is obvious to anyone. Condos are too expensive in general to fulfill the needs of most cities. In general construction of new condos is focused on the luxury kind of condos Google was undoubtedly looking at, which are absolutely not what cities need right now. We need affordable housing. Of course, destroying luxury condos and not replacing them with anything will not help. But the housing market is more complicated that straightforward supply and demand, with a lot of second and third order effects, and in the end building incredible amounts of luxury condos has done nothing for rent prices and housing availability in Toronto, or in Montreal where I live. Not necessarily, no. First, condominiums are not apartments, because they are supposed to be sold, and in general cannot be rented. This means that they are built for and priced for people that can afford a 450000$ mortgage plus large condominium fees every month. Which are not the people that need housing right now. There are also duplexes and triplexes, and apartments, as well as housing co-ops and subsidized or state-built housing. These are much better, imo, than condos. Because the housing market has mechanisms (such as leveraged landlords) that mean that the price of land tends to inflate up until a situation of equilibrium such that the price of rent is always relatively high in any city where land is somewhat constrained, because zoning is a thing, because most people cannot get mortgages and are as such not able to participate in the condo market, because the price of land is wildly variable for reasons of zoning, because real estate investors do not always operate rationally (for example, empty rental homes held purely as stores of value), because the type of housing affects the type of transportation used which affects which kinds of land is suitable for use as housing, because not all housing is created equal in function or in value, and so on. Simply supply and demand is not a sufficient mechanism to explain the housing markets in cities such as Toronto. I live in Montreal. Incredible amounts of condos have been getting built left and right, and they are inaccessible to people that need housing. The end result is that the price of housing for those that need it the most has increased dramatically. Now the city, after spending years focusing on getting more condos built, realized it's not going to fix the issues and will start building at least a few thousand units of state housing. Sure, and in most cities incredible amounts of condos have been built and prices of rent for low-income individuals have increased massively. It does not work in the real world. Supply is not supply. For one, these condos being built can essentially not be rented, and that means that they are not supply for low and middle income individuals. Well, in Toronto they are quite expensive, so it really doesn't help. And that is mostly by design. If Google wants to build cheap condos, then so be it, I don't think anyone will oppose them. They would have to be really cheap though, because in NA condos can generally not be rented out. That's called an apartment, and is not what Google was building. Wait what, you're saying that poor people bring crime right? And what's your solution, to make them even poorer or homeless? Or are you just using class as a proxy for something else? Or, just maybe, the situation is a bit more complex than that, and demand as well as supply are stratified as well as other ancillary effects affecting prices beyond that? Or are we just going to pretend that the world works just like an economics 101 textbook and close our eyes to the real problems instead? A non-occupancy tax is orthogonal to this particular issue, a lot of high rise condos cannot be rented, reasonably. And so they are only accessible to people that can afford to buy them, occupied or not. So, demand and supply has increased dramatically in almost every single city in the world, and in almost no cities has supply outpaced demand? The world is not an economics 101 textbook. In Canada for example, the only province with functional and affordable housing is the one that enacted serious rent control and public housing, and they didn't have to build a lot. Seems to me that supply and demand isn't the whole thing if your goal is to have affordable housing. If your idea is that the current system is so broken that there is nothing we can do to avoid 40% of the population in major production hubs to have to spend ridiculous fractions of their income on housing, with other that simply can't, then maybe indeed a refactor isn't enough, and we should start thinking about a complete rewrite. This isn't even a question of competition. Prices are increasing purely because the market can bear more expensive housing. The net effect is that real wages after rent are decreasing year after year since the 80s. At this rate, the day will come where the real wages of the average citizen of the US after rent will be lower than in the disaster that was the Soviet Union. The problem is actually even more complex that simply capital inflow into big cities. Because capital is already centralized around big cities, and has been for a while, which leads to the question, where is that capital coming from? And the answer is that it doesn't actually have to do with capital moving, as that mostly cancels out, but instead with growing inequality. Also, if your end statement is that it's ok that most people aren't able to own their home anymore, aren't able to own their cars, aren't able to own their furniture, aren't able to own their phones and so on, which is the direction in which things are happening, you shouldn't be surprised when heads start to roll in the next economic crisis. Literally. This is not a small issue, it is a massive issue. The incentive, historically, for the average person to continue participating in capitalism is the promise that eventually they will be able to have their own property, and maybe pass on some capital to their children. If you take away this incentive, the system will likely not survive for much longer. There is a reason why the first people that the population turned against in the Chinese revolution were the landlords. I don't want to see this happen again. So yes, if fixing this issue will break a few other places, I don't care, we can see what we will do later. This is one of the most important economic issues full stop. The law of gravity is actually not super simple. Relativistic gravity is an incredibly difficult and complex concept to understand, and the Newtonian law of gravity is simply wrong, enough that it has big impacts on the real world. Whereas the law of supply and demand is not only preceded by a lot of assumptions that never are true in practice, and even with all those assumptions still has serious exceptions that apply to more and more and more goods as you move from theory to practice. The laws of supply and demand are simply not useful for analyzing this market. Any attempt to use them will have to be accompanied by more classical incentive analysis and experiments that mean that ignoring it will give you better results than relying on it in this situation. Attempting to apply it gives you ridiculous conclusions, like that demand for housing is increasing everywhere in the world at the same time faster than supply, even when in practice supply is often greater than demand, leading to empty buildings, while prices still rise. Detroit has some of the greatest increases in rent in the US[0]. Despite its population decreasing [1]. As for rural communities, they are not comparable in the slightest to cities. [0] : https://detroit.curbed.com/2020/3/4/21164568/detroit-rent-ra... [1] : https://worldpopulationreview.com/us-cities/detroit-populati... Exorbitant HOA/Condo Association fees and regulations that make renting out a condo unfeasible, or outright banned. I honestly don't believe this is the case. There is no empirical reason to believe it is the case, and there is research that suggests that it isn't the case [0] [0] : http://econ.geo.uu.nl/peeg/peeg1914.pdf I would like to see that happen then. It might work. However, even in Vancouver the occupancy tax is not being enforced nearly rigorously enough for such an effect, and the occupancy tax is still too little. >Your own cite says: “New housing construction has barely kept pace with the growth in housing demand over the past decade.” This is an empty statement the article writer wrote to attempt to justify it. Housing demand in Detroit cannot have increased, because the population of Detroit was and is decreasing. If you can explain to me how a decreasing population can mean an increase in demand, I'd be all ears. No, the rules for Einsteinian gravity are not simple. Absolutely not. The underlying rules are not simple either. Simply calculating the instantaneous change in trajectory of an idealized two body system under Einsteinian gravity is an ordeal, and idealized bodies are a lot less useful under Einsteinian gravity than under Newtonian gravity. I agree, it is indeed a chaotic system, and is even worse than that because there is no simple rule any agent is following. If it is the case that not renting a building will result in higher revenue because rents will be higher in the future, then that building will not be rented out and neither will similar buildings, which will continue increasing rent at increasing speeds; and at the end rent will increase towards infinity. The simpler explanation is that no, not renting a unit does not lead to higher revenue, as leases are at most YoY, the YoY increase in rent would have to be over 50% for this to make sense, which isn't the case, and in fact actors in the market simply do not act as one can accept in any way, which is why you can't use supply and demand, or any basic economics for that matter. For rent, for instance, you could have supply completely equal or even significantly higher than demand, as in there are significantly more buildings than tenants and more empty buildings that tenants looking for landlords, and still see prices increase. Indeed, if the landlords are coordinated or if they know that their tenants will not act rationally in the economic sense, you can simply have a system where all landlords continuously increase rent every year. And there is nothing that any tenant can do, so they have to pay increasing amounts of rent every year. In such a system, because commodities are not perfectly fungible, because actors are very far from fully rational, because knowledge from every actor is imperfect and because there are hidden costs both monetary and non-monetary, you can have a system where supply is higher than demand, and yet prices rise. No matter how you dice it, no matter which definition of supply and demand you use, the laws of supply and demand aren't being followed. Rental markets tend to follow this pattern, in even more complex ways with other effects that lead to supply and demand breaking down even more. This is why trying to use macro-economic laws such as supply and demand without carefully going through each assumption behind them is a very dangerous mistake. Even in places where population is decreasing, rent finds a way to increase. Bezos doesn't have 100B$ sitting on a bank account, but he has a low-interest high throughput equity line against his hare portfolio that means that if he wants to cut a 5 billion dollar cheque in the next 30 minutes, he can. Which is pretty damn close to having 100B$ sitting around. If he did pay a high tax rate every time he realized his gains in any way or tapped his equity through a financial instrument, I think things would be much better. But right now Bezos can pay a realized tax rate of under 20% if he wants. Not really, US States are much less powerful and represent a smaller fraction of the whole than Canadian provinces. A US state wouldn't have the power in practice to implement universal healthcare. That is true, but it is not the whole answer, as rent increases even in cities where population is stagnant or decreasing. But yes, Toronto needs more affordable high density rental housing, as well as much better transit. Canadian Provinces are more powerful than US States, because not only do they have jurisdiction on whatever isn't explicitly delegated to the Federal government, but there are many topics that the Federal government cannot ever touch. In practice, Canadian Provinces are much more powerful and have much more power than US States, because much of the funding that US states are reliant on comes from the Federal government, mainly because the US Federal government is allowed to do things that the states already do and thus to require the funding for it, which means that many state programs are in fact funded by the Federal government. This means that the Federal government, if it disagrees with a decision of a State, can cripple it by withdrawing funding. This is not the case for Canadian Provinces. Finally, in the US, there are (many) areas of dual authority, where both the Federal government and the State government has authority over an issue. This is very rare in Canada, where the Federal government only exerts dual authority in cases where either the Province fails to uphold a mandate (because Federal decisions, instead of being directly enforced, are often mandated then implemented by the Provinces, while this is much rarer in the US), or when it was originally an explicitly Federal prerogative that the Feds decided to share. Another huge difference is that US States have no authority on interstate matters such as commerce and travel, whereas Canadian provinces are allowed to tax goods from another province, or even to close borders between two provinces (although this is rarely used, it is a power exercised in times when it matters). So essentially, de jure States and Provinces are more or less equal in autonomy, but in practice Provinces have much more sovereignty. The economies of scale that make public healthcare work require you to either control the market or a significant portion of it in order to strong arm the suppliers, A few US states such as California might be able to, but the Federal government would very likely interfere. They could indeed bankroll it, but I don't know that they would have the bargaining power to make it cost-effective. Sure, but in practice the actual tax rate for the upper echelon of the world right now is much, much lower than that for common people or for the upper echelon back in WW2. Sweden is negotiating from a position of unshakable and absolute sovereignty, where if a drug company or medical supplier insists on an unreasonable price they can realistically pretend to either nationalize the company, switch to a state-owned competitor, in the case of suppliers and so on, or even decide not to observe the patent. Sweden is also insulated from lobbying in a way New York isn't, and is not reliant on direct and conditional funding from a higher government. New York has neither of these options. No, because Iceland is a sovereign government, and if they can't find an agreement with drug companies or suppliers, they always have the option of nationalizing them or ignoring patents. They also aren't reliant on funding from the U.S. Federal Government, which is a big deal in this case. Sure, but the state of NY still has to respect patent law. That is only factually incorrect if you look at the 1% in terms of households and in terms of income. In reality, a multi-millionaire might not qualify as the top 1% in household income due to their reliance on capital growth instead of straight income. One might see a million dollar increase in net worth, while paying no taxes on it, and then using that million dollar as collateral to help finance more and more growth. The only tax you might end up paying might be capital gains tax of 20%, or even 15%, eventually, while if it was household income you would pay 45% in taxes. The shift of income from dividends to capital gains for the wealthiest is not reflected in your statistics, and so I don't think they can be used to answer my earlier comment. The data in your source indeed does not seem to consider capital gains tax, as they seem to reflect the top tax bracket on average for different states and locales, whereas if capital gains were considered in relation to the state in which they are realized, it would certainly be much lower. Both the detroit city and detroit metropolitan areas have decreasing populations and drastically increasing rent prices. The share of unoccupied housing exploded from 2010 to 2018, to 23%, according to the census. This is a sure-fire indicator that supply is far, far superior to demand. And yet, the price of rent increased. This means that supply and demand simply does not explain the rising price of rent. I don't see anyway that demand might be higher than supply, while unoccupancy rates are above 10%. Also, if you want a source that doesn't make empty, baseless economic statements without backing them by facts, there is this one: https://www.metrotimes.com/news-hits/archives/2019/03/06/is-... I simply used the one above because it was clearer about the primary source used. But of course, websites run by real-estate investors will make baseless claims about supply and demand, without backing them up with any data, that is simply a fact of the matter as such a mentality seems to be widespread. The rate of occupied housing in Detroit has drastically decreased, while average rent has increased. If the supply and demand hypothesis of the real estate market held, one would believe that given the fungibility and non-stratified nature of housing in a given city, cratering occupancy rates would correspond to a decrease in average rent priced. If you believe that housing is indeed stratified and that the surplus of affordable housing has so little an effect on the average price of rent in the entire city, whose average income I should remind you is of under 30 000$ while the average price of rent is of more than 12 000$ a year, then I see no way that building luxury apartments could still mean a sizeable decrease in the price of affordable housing in say, Toronto. And yet in Detroit, the price of rent has increased while occupancy rates, incomes and population have decreased. This leads me to believe that the rising prices of rent on average in all cities in the first world is not actually a supply and demand issue. When the price for a mortgage is far above what the average person can afford, land prices start having little bearing on rent, and the reverse happens: rent prices start having a bearing on land prices. Taking Cleveland for example, despite there being a massive surplus of housing units as you say, the average price of rent is 1123$, while the average household income is of only 26179$. This means that the average household pays 51% (!!) of their income into housing in recent years, while there is a surplus of housing. I don't understand how this can be stated as supply and demand. It seems to me that rent simply increases so as to saturate the budget of the lower class, regardless of supply. I would also observe that in most cities the average price of housing as a share of average income is steadily rising. This leads me to believe that what is actually happening is that prices of rent are increasing synchronously, You mean 0.7 cents per kW, not kWh, right? Because hydroelectric energy costs 0.7 cents per kWh everything included, including profit. Well you must be getting screwed over in the US. Québec hydro is 6 cents per kWh, at your house, and is profitable. State owned nuclear energy in Europe has comparable costs. If only the transmitter and receiver for space solar is a very significant fraction of the cost per kWh shipped at your house with profits of nuclear or hydro it can't be viable. Well no, it's only gouging if you're running at a loss. If you're not running a loss and pricing lower than your competitors that's just fine. Which in this case is exorbitant and is something that we should oppose. Pricing as much as the market will bear is not good for consumers, and in some cases is a red-mark of market failure (not in this one, as of yet). There was never a real issue getting 4 or 5 commodity-grade GPUs. At worst, you had to pay a 20-30% premium. The theory is that as time goes on, the prices moves from what the market will bear to become closer to the cost of production. When this does not happen, it is a failure of the market. There is no significant relationship between any measurable attribute of someone and their wealth, except for the wealth of their parents. So no. There are a few relationships between IQ and conscientiousness and wealth, but they break down towards the extremes are not strong enough in magnitude to account for even single-quartile mobility. There is a much simpler alternative. The general strike. To name it, "The Conquest of Bread". Very good read, kept me from snoozing off in my CS classes :p They can only do so because of the bottom 80% from which they extract their profit. The vast majority of America cannot get 1.5 million dollars in funding to start a Taco Bell franchise. In fact, very few people would be able to get a 1.5 million dollar loan to start a Taco Bell franchise. VC is not the norm. It is very much the exception. And the cost of benefits compared to what they actually buy you have also drastically increased. Control for the inflation in the cost of those benefits as well as inflation in the cost of rent, education and so on and you will see that the situation is not good. Their MO used to be "The People's Car". The People do not buy new cars without massive credit anymore, and in general do not buy new cars at all. Indeed. Pegging inflation to the cost of labour-intensive goods is a thinly veiled lie. Which will be very useful when the utility workers of the stock exchange strike and the lights turn off. For someone that doesn't want to watch, the essence of it is that space is world-space is divided in a tree-like structure, which makes traversing the scene as costly as traversing the tree, thus log(n) operations. I don't know, it's more complicated that this. He was a terrorist. Would you give a second chance to a terrorist? It is a bit more complicated than how he wrote it. Indeed, he was involved in a terrorist attack against a synagogue, as the getaway driver. His Twitter account. One of the defining characteristics of fascism is collaboration of state and capital in order to strengthen the state, enlisting the population and ordering them to sacrifice even their life in order to protect the strength of the nation (its economy, or its military; both are but a face of the same coin). The state putting the safety of their workers before its own strength, misguided as one may think it is, is one of the furthest things from fascism. That is not actually the definition of fascism. Fascism isn't "when the government does stuff". One of the defining features of fascism is state-capital cooperation (and indeed corruption). Nelson Mandela had questionable means, but no one has a leg to stand on to critique his goal. As for people in gangs, there is a difference between a criminal and a Nazi terrorist. Let's not defeat by analogy here. He was not a guerilla fighter that assassinated people in order to stop an oppressive regime. He was not a run of the mill criminal. He was part of an operation to kill Jews, because they were Jews, in an attempt to bring upon genocide and misery. This is not a philosophical question; it is a question of experience. In different places of the world, your hear a very good argument that he's the only kind of criminal that deserves the death sentence, possibly the most heinous type of person imaginable. Leaning into corners is a good safety feature of motorcycles compared to tricycles. It makes motorcycles much more stable. I would rather get into an accident on a motorcycle than in this death trap. Not really, no. Motorcycles are inherently stable due to a combination of gyroscopic stability, wheel geometry and rake geometry. They are so stable in fact, that at high speeds one needs to use a technique called counter-steering in order to induce a gyroscopic and geometric reaction that sends the motorcycle into the required position. This technique is also used by some bicycle riders, to a smaller extent and also partly subconsciously. Motorcycles are very stable. In comparison, the steering and suspension dynamics of four wheeled vehicles have to be very finely tuned in order to avoid feedback effects, instabilities, and this tuning has to be balanced with phenomenons such as oversteer and understeer. Overconstraining is also the cost for many issues, as is the consumer demand for bad form factors that lead to loss of control, rolls, and sometimes even death-wobbles. Tricycles, such as this one, at least aren't overconstrained, but they are a lot less stable as they have neither the inherent reactive stability of bicycles nor the balanced resistance to torque while maintaining stability. This is further compounded by demand for non-optimal geometries, such as the one in the article, that lead to even less stability. This obviously doesn't apply to vehicles such as the Yamaha Nikken. It doesn't fall over, unless you get into a turn that exceeds your capabilities. Capabilities that you cannot sense easily at all. Which is incidentally exactly the same situation as falls on a motorcycle. But... it doesn't make sense. Sure, maybe a faster vehicle can indeed be more dangerous, but I see no reason why a vehicle that can turn better would be more dangerous. A vehicle that can take the same corner at higher speeds can also take more difficult corners at lower speeds and is a lot more forgiving. The cockpit of a racecar can only really protect you if you crash into the tires/dirt/sand, and are wearing a helmet. 80$ a month for 16GB RAM, 4 cores, is a very bad price. If you could buy the machine outright for less than the cost of 6 months, you should not buy it. Also, 6TB/month is a bit over a day of download at 400Mbps. It's barely even worth mentioning. You're forgetting that you're increasing your equity. The positive income at the end is just candy. I mean, if it's a fight you want to pick its eminently winnable. In big enough numbers. Building in a given city cannot continue forever. Space is finite. In any case, it's not a coincidence that rent is worth 25-45% of median income almost everywhere. Landlording doesn't work out? Sell your assets, get a real job. You'll still end up much better than your tenants. Landlords are always profiting. Their total equity increases at ridiculous rates with minimal risk. I don't understand why we use a different definition of profit for landlords and for other operation. Profit is the derivative of wealth, the derivative of their wealth is positive, thus they are profiting, even if they don't intake enough money to pay for rent. Part of how penny auctions work is by preventing banks from having any return on their investments, using either force or rent striking the bank. Hopefully. Another unrelated thought is that History is really waking up. It's crazy seeing things finally happening, hundred year old books becoming relevant again, and true unpredictability come back. As one said a bit over a hundred years ago, there are decades where nothing happens, and weeks where decades happen. I think you overestimate the ratio of riot cops to renters. By a few orders of magnitude. Also, everything else failing, there is really nothing stopping someone from throwing a molotov at a rental property. There would be essentially no way to find who did it, following the principles of stochastic direct action. This happened in history a few times. For better or for worse, the stability of civilization is a lot shakier than it seems. First of all, that is impossible. Our infrastructure is not able to fulfill the needs of a city with such density. You would need massive investment on infrastructure, that would be incredibly costly and would take decades, possibly more given the history of public city infrastructure in the United States. It would also require re-organization of many industries to adapt with much lower car usage. In any case, it would not be enough. See, for example, Hong Kong. Despite incredibly high density, rent still ended up stabilizing at 35-55% of income. There are inherent, unfixable vulnerabilities to a weather app, such as divulging location information and possibly travel patterns. Colour does have three dimensions, though. You cannot describe human colour perception without three dimensions - frequency and magnitude is sufficient for pure waves, but saturation is needed to match colour perception of the impurity of a given tone. So colour as perceived by humans is indeed three-dimensional. Not really, no. The human perception of colour is fundamentally three-dimensional. In order to describe a perceived colour, no matter the system you choose, you need three dimensions. For example, you could use frequency and amplitude of a light wave, but that would only be sufficient for pure tones, leading to the need of a third dimension - saturation - for "impurity". Or you could use a B-L B-R pair for tone and a third component for Luma - three-dimensional. Or you can give the amplitude of Red, Green and Blue; three dimensions. You could add a fourth dimension, RGB+Luma, but the fourth dimension is useless in describing a given perceived colour, as the activation of the intensity receptor is a function of the activation of the three colour receptors, it is only there for high-gain situations. Sound is not one-dimensional, as simply considering the pressure of a point is insufficient as a description of sound perception of humans. Indeed, we perceive variations in pressure, not pressure itself (consider the balancing of the pressure of the inner ear). In order to understand sound, you fundamentally need two dimensions, either pressure and time, or frequency and amplitude. This is only for an instantaneous perception of sound, in order to record "a sound", you need three dimensions. Although you could indeed plot a time-series of pressures, this does not describe what actually is happening - for a time-series of pressures to be interpreted as a recorded sound you necessarily need a sample rate, otherwise the physical interpretations are infinite. This is why a spectrogram is three-dimensional - frequency, amplitude, and time. Hence, the sounds we operate on and process are three-dimensional, as any representation of a sound is tridimensional, either a time series of pressure, time and sample rate, or a continuous spectrum of time, frequency and amplitude. Yes, however at any given time there is a tridimensional tone that represents any given tone at a given moment. While you cannot produce all colours humans can perceive using a mix of monochromatic light (indeed, some perceivable colours are entirely impossible to be perceived without afterimages), the colourspace of human colour perception is entirely three-dimensional. This is, fundamentally, because we have three types of receptors. Pigment maps into our perception of colour are possible in theory, but it is impossible to make an ideal pigment in practice nor an ideal substrate, which is why you see the issues you do when trying to produce them in practice. There is no biological basis for a fourth dimension of colour perception in humans. It is true that in practice we are unable to replicate the colours we can perceive. But it is possible to create a colourspace that completely contains the gamut of perceivable colours using only three dimensions. Colour can't be described as 1D, as you can have multiple amplitudes of different frequencies at once. You could have an infinite amount of points of differing amplitudes, but this conception breaks down because of the reality of limited bandwidth, and so the best representation is a frequency-space. If you want, here is something you can do. Get a square, inside of that square plot the x axis for frequency, and the y axis for time. For every frequency x, at every time y, choose a luminosity level going from 0 from null amplitude to 1 corresponding to the entire amount of energy in the observable universe. That square will be able to represent perfectly colour over time, what you claim is "infinite dimensional", in a three-dimensional space. The issue with your understanding is that in reality, dimensions are not discrete. Dimensions are continuous. As soon as you index a dimension of an n-dimensional space you do not have n-dimensions, but a set of (n-1) -dimensional spaces. You cannot represent an n-dimensional point in 2D; that means representing an n-dimensional point bijectively onto a finite a̶m̶o̶u̶n̶t̶ ̶o̶f̶ ̶2̶D̶ ̶s̶p̶a̶c̶e̶ number of 2D points. You can represent one n-dimensional point using an entire 2-dimensonal space, but that's not what I am talking about. There is no bijection possible from one spatial dimension into two spatial dimensions because all R->R^2 and so on bijections are impossible to construct continuously . A frequency distribution is not the set of 1D functions. A frequency distribution represents one 2D function. Indeed, the amplitude of each possible frequency is in reality the Fourier transform of a 2D, or one argument function. The function f(x) = 2x^2, is a 2D, one argument function, as it describes the relationship between two dimensions. A 1D wave is actually a 2D function. You cannot abstract away time in this situation. There is no such thing as a 1D function; all functions require at least two dimensions. A 1 argument function necessitates a 2D space. For example, s = vt + a/2(t^2) is a relationship between two dimensions, time and displacement. Your ears do have a sample rate. They are bandwidth limited, which is the same thing as having a sample rate. While in classical physics, time is not considered a dimension, if you what you want to do is encode a signal, or construct a mathematical model, time is very much a dimension. A digital signal with a sample rate of 1000hz is an exact representation of an analog signal with a bandwidth of 500hz. The low-pass filter is just part of how you would build a DAC. If you want to use the physics definition of dimensions in a discussion about colourspaces that has nothing to do with physics jargon, that's ok. If you want to represent amplitude over time, you need two dimensions. There is no graphical representation of sound that can be done in less than two dimensions for this reason. If you want to graphically represent the human perception of sound, you need three dimensions, that correspond to frequency, amplitude and time. I've been to a few protests first hand too. The behaviour of cops in small protests with a few thousand people is not, I think, representative of a wide-scale revolt. When I've been to small/medium protests the cops were a lot more willing to use force. But in truly massive protests, (>500 000), the cops are a lot less willing to use force. Because they know they will likely lose. Seriously, seeing cops rushing to dismantle barricades before they get caught by the march was surprising. Also, you don't need armor-piercing rounds to defeat a riot cop, any rifle round will do. As for gas masks, yes, but there are only so many rounds that can be fired, and eventually people learn how to defeat them or throw them back. And honestly I don't think the surveillance state is anywhere close to what's needed to catch someone that did unprompted arson. There's a reason why pretty much the majority of homicides don't even end up in an arrest, much less a conviction. In any case, the point of this escalation isn't to justify the auction, it's to scare off anyone else from bidding. Sorry, I didn't word it correctly. I'll reformulate it like this: you can represent any colour spectrum, which is in fact a 1 variable function, by a relationship of two continuous dimensions, such as frequency and amplitude. The example I gave was essentially the Fourier transform of the function; the result of the Fourier transform is encoded as a spectrogram, and the color spectrum over time is the result of the square. If you want to represent any given colour spectrum as a set of real numbers, of course that isn't possible, because a colour spectrum can only be described as either a 2D space or a function. However, that's not my assertion, my assertion is that you only need 3 dimensions in order to describe the human perception of color, and that you do not need an infinite number of dimensions in order to represent a colour spectrum. I was writing before that you don't need an infinite amount of dimensions to represent a color spectrum. Just that you need to move past a point into a 2-dimensional space instead, which our brains actually do because that's how we perceive sound, as a distribution of frequencies instead of as discrete real values. I'm not saying that it's impossible to finance it, just that it will take decades, over which the price of rent will still stabilize to stay more or less the same as a share of income. Geopolitics has really degenerated. It is now dominated by users that post unending barrages of unrealistic, low-quality "fall of China" articles. Incidentally, I was banned for saying that China would end up with less deaths due to the coronavirus than the US, as a result of their stricter interventions, which turned out to be true. The moderators of that subreddits decided that it was such an egregiously incorrect point-of-view that it had to be deleted, and the poster banned. So no, r/geopolitics isn't really good anymore. It was interesting a few months to years back, though. But now it's mostly biased, moralistic and americentric takes with artificially limited debate, with such scathing and interesting discussion as "Western culture is the best culture, and that's why the US will be an eternal empire", or "China will be sublimated by the US just like the US beat Japan". This is a stark contrast to the more realpolitik, realist discourse of yesteryear. Non-China related threads are better, though. There are a few dozen smaller Discord servers whose community nature allows you to engage with more interesting political viewpoints and discuss. There are still incidents, but in general if its possible for a communist to debate an anarchocapitalist in good faith, most political discussion should be possible. 200$ for a 1000W pure sine wave inverter? That's a ripoff. Motor controllers are essentially three-phase variable frequency intelligent inverters, and you can get a 2340W ESC for less than 60$. This is a good point. Tape drives can have latencies in the seconds, if you're doing anything but sequential operations. Which is pointless when you realize that their copy-protection systems are broken in minutes every time. They should honestly give up. Kelly controller is a pretty reputable brand. For example, here is a reseller [0] that sells a 72V 120A (8640W peak, 4320W continuous) three phase pure sine wave motor controller for 126$, with warranties, logistics (plus shipping). I'm fairly certain that you could get a similar, or even lower price for only two phases and a fixed frequency at the same wattage. If you really want to use them as inverters though, they are programmable so you could set a fixed frequency, though I don't recommend it. I've heard of people running some other models at 120V, but I really don't recommend it :) In any case, I think this shows that a 4320W inverter can be built and sold profitably for a lot less than 200$, if a 4320W+ three phase multi-frequency programmable inverter can be. I should that 4320W is with passive cooling. With active cooling (from sticking a fan in the box to water cooling) you can get away with >12kW continuously. [0]: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32892079337.html?spm=a2g0o.p... Yes, it's probably worth it to get a simple scheme for corporate users only. But Photoshop's protection isn't simple, but it is so widely cracked that in third world countries with limited internet access there are wandering sellers with DVDs of cracked Photoshop for 2-3$ (!) Even without Russia as a threat, China is incomparable to the USSR. Its productive potential dwarfs that of the US manifold. No, and no. There is no reason to believe that the USSR would have been able to develop beyond their level of development, that many capitalist nations aren't able to surpass, given the geopolitical and political situation. It seems to me that the fall of the USSR was due to political issues, and an unsustainable political system, more than anything. China also doesn't require any naval transport from oil shortage. Indeed, it very conveniently has a major oil exporter to it's north. So unless you would wage war on the Russian and Chinese mainland, you have no hope of completely starving China of oil. You might reduce the amount of oil they have, but they have enough reserves to last until a tripling of Sino-Russian pipelines. This is because when comparing manufacturing outputs, you should look at it in PPP terms, not in absolute dollar terms, due to devaluing and other factors. When you want to calculate how many tanks, missiles, bombs and airplanes, PPP output is what matters. Or if you want to take a page out of the Soviet playbook, Gross Material Product. The US manufacturing sector is 11.6% of GDP, so 2.33 trillion dollars PPP. In China, it accounts for 40% of the GDP, so more or less 10 trillion dollars of manufacturing output PPP (!). This is a manifold advantage. The reason why this is to be done is because if you wanted to build say, a tank in the US vs China or Russia, you would need many more dollars for the exact same tank. So measuring manufacturing output must be done PPP. China doesn't need that technology very badly, if they can just stay making CPUs they'll be able to figure a GPU architecture eventually. Don't forget that Chinese Kirin CPUs have and will outcompete Qualcomm and Samsung. Absolutely not. Marx's conception was that due to the internal contradictions and failures of capitalism, it would eventually and progressively lead into a communist revolution through at some point a revolution. The proletariat revolution in itself, according to Marx, would be slowly triggered by the advancement of material conditions, that is the evolution of the relations between classes, up until a point where the relations between the proletariat class and the bourgeois class would lead to revolution. The predictions made about the upcoming contradictions of capitalism by Marx have been quite accurate, altough not perfect; he didn't expect them to be. This specific scenario that Marx was predicting never happened. Late stage capitalism has not been achieved until recently. For example, Marx expected the revolution to happen as all classes would be absorbed into either the owner class or the proletariat class, which has only happened in the past few decades. He also expected it to happen when the capitalist, automating most production, would start to run out of consumers as they would not be employed anymore: we see this contradiction being paliated through creation of demand and creation of useless jobs, which are not sustainable solutions. He also predicted that beforethen, the middle class would be absorbed into either the bourgeoisie or the proletariat, with people formerly of middle class becoming reliant on rent and debt in order to provide for their essential assets. This transformation is in the process of happening. I am also skeptical of any grand theories of history. However, be fair in your criticism of Marxism. Dialectical materialism posits that eventually, communism would overtake capitalism the same way that feudalism overtook slavery and capitalism overtook feudalism. It also posits, and I think that this is a very good observation, that political economies are based on class relations and that these systems progress, regress or succeed one another by class relations moreso than individual action. Marx's theory could be read to predict that communism will overtake capitalism in five decades or in a hundred. It's core assertion is that the next dialectical shift will be about the proletarian class and it's relationship with the owner class, and that when capitalism is supplanted it will be through the abolition of the relationship between worker and owner through the vehicle of private property. This seems like a fairly rigid theory that holds all possible observations. At an intelligence agency? Possibly quite a bit. The issue is a credit card that can pay US Dollars. These are heavily restricted in a lot of developing countries, for good reasons. Indeed. While math is useful in economics and other such sciences, it is often but a front as the issues run much deeper than the math in most cases. The point of taxes is absolutely not to encourage efficiencies. The point of taxes is to fund the state in order to provide for defense and palliate the ills of capitalism. Who do you think should pay more taxes: someone with a house in Brooklyn or a multi millionaire tech worker with a remote SaaS company? Do you tax all patents equally? If so, the issue is obvious. If not, how do you determine how much? This will not help determine the true price of IP, as such a system will be endlessly exploited by bad faith actors. The issue with that is that you then have the exact same issue with assessing the value of the improvements made in order to determine non-improved value from improved value. No issue is fixed, it's just moved around. Leasehold land is mostly a thing in communist countries that claim to temporarily implement capitalism. Physics before computers and differential equations Well no. Becoming a farmer takes years, and our society needs to keep more or less the same number of farmers. Actually, no. Land in the PRC is under state ownership, but except for exceptions that would tall under eminent domain here, it is mostly priced by auction, outside of agriculture. In any case, public land ownership is not in conflict with rent auctions. Canada tried selling planes to the US, we got hit by 200% tariffs. Did Google pull out of the US when the NSA and friends hacked into their employees and ultimately forced them to give full access? This is not true. You're buying into the propaganda, sadly. Both powers care little about democracy. They care about their interests. No need to get nationalistic or even involved in the situation. Except that China is 7 times japan. The US doesn't care about China being open. They care about maintaining domination. The US has no issue replacing democratic governments with dictatorships as long as they keep their influence and power. If China was a democracy, we would see the exact same rhetoric. This will not really hurt the capabilities of China in the long term. I wouldn't be so sure. I know a lot of people that do have quite some skills but just weren't really motivated. In any case, the DOJ considering Antifa as well as a potential consideration of Anonymous as a terrorist organization is pretty ridiculous and toothless, as they are both anarchist affiliations/ideas and not organizations in any way I know of, really. So I think they're gonna have a pretty hard time proving that anyone is part of "The Antifa Organization" just like it's impossible to prove that someone is part of "The Anonymous Organization". There is no hierarchy, no organized structure. The only way it could ever be applied would be to consider people with a given set of ideas and aesthetics terrorists. Which would mean that there is a lot of overlap, as Anonymous is essentially based upon the idea of violent antifascism as far it's aesthetics and there is a ton of overlap between the dominant ideologies of Anonymous and Antifa (against state power, direct action, decentralized action, anti-censorship, violence against those you believe are a threat including organic censorship, etc...) In any case, it's very bad for everyone. Absolutely not. Al Qaeda is not anarchist, they have a strict hierarchy, a chain of command, membership lists, payrolls, leaders and so on. Al Qaeda is also not an ideology but a formal organization, unlike antifascism. There is absolutely no comparison you can make between Al Qaeda and Antifa or Anonymous. Qt is not being paid in exposure by KDE. Qt was in large part built by KDE, and if the KDE folks decide they want to fork it and get an organized response they might quite literally kill the Qt foundation by outcompeting them at every turn. There is no need for me believe when I already know. If you knew Arabic, you would know that "Qaeda" as a word has strong insinuations of structure and hierarchy. It is in the name, And the US through it's massive influence and bullying would undoubtedly force it upon other countries, as they have done countless times including in the context of copyright. If someone pirates my code that's not stealing, that's copyright infringement. I would love to live in a society that would recognize the post-scarcity nature of many goods nowadays and de-commodifies them, including computer programs, basic food, and in certain cases housing. Sure, but as it's going to only way for this to happen, and it certainly is possible, is if people start acting against large actors that have a vested interested against this in ways that make de-commodification necessary for the existence of the industry. It is theft in the same way that someone squatting unused land in the north of Canada and being granted ownership is theft. The fact that we live in a system where this might cause loss of income for someone is neither necessary nor the moral responsibility of the Internet Archive, SciHub or Library Genesis. Well, no. That is not what scarcity means. If we had an economy where you could replicate cars, food, houses, spaceships and so on for free, that would be post-scarcity, even though it takes some work for it to be engineered at the beginning. Bits on a computer that can be reproduced forever are not scarce. I was in Morocco when we signed copyright restrictions, and I can assure you 95% of the pressure is from United States, and it is in the interests mainly of the US and it's allies. As far as it reflecting European interests, the Berne convention is against European interests as it pertains to US copyrighted work as it offers them less protection than US works and forces a higher standard for US copyright than domestic copyright in many cases. I assure you that Al Qaeda and it's affiliated organizations was much, much more than that. I know people that bumped into quite a lot of salafist organizations that would later affiliate with Al Qaeda, they were well organized and had funding as well as structure and hierarchy. In any case, a few dozen angry disenfranchised seminary students with a leader as well as en executive council and multiple branches is more of an organization than Antifa is. I know that Al Qaeda has declined a lot, but I know for a fact that it was much more than what you claim it is at least at the time. Yes, there was a report by the authorities claiming that there were no signs of asphyxiation and that it was linked to a heart condition or drugs (unspecified drugs, to make the racism obvious). Sure, but the threat right now is a fork of Qt that would encompass commercial features and be developed by the KDE community, the free software community as well as companies such as Bosch, Autodesk and so on. That is a big threat to the bottom line of Trolltech. While Blackberry, Nokia and so on contributed a lot of money, KDE contributed a lot of the product and to the technical system. That poses a unique threat of replacement. The days of hacked routers and IoT devices harken back to that, though. False positives may cost more than the items being protected in diverse costs. Ideas have a marginal cost of zero. Therefore, it doesn't make sense to monetize them on a per-unit basis. In that sense, copies of ideas are not scarce. A car is not just an object, a car is also an idea. It's a design, the engineering of its parts, the implementation of its constructions, the code needed to make it work, and so on. And yet if we could replicate it for free, achieving a marginal labour cost of zero, then it would not be scarce anymore. I agree wholeheartedly, the tradition of copyright maximization has its origins in capitalism and value extraction, as such it follows the siege of global capitalism as that is where the interests in the commodification and extraction of value from intellectual property originates from. So it naturally began in Europe, then in the US, and maybe shortly in China? We will see. That is not entirely true. A very large portion of police funding comes directly or indirectly from the federal government, and a lot of that comes under control of the executive too. It is not necessary to be unemployed for an extended amount of time in order to change jobs. Except that the rate of profit has fallen and is falling, with small fluctuations year over year. It is possible for monopoly and industry power to crush worker power, while the rate of profit increases. In fact, this is exactly what he predicted. The mechanism for this to happen is simply accumulation of capital. Another reality is that the profits of many industries such as the financial industries are not predicted to fall according to Marx, only that of commodity-producing industries. An absolutely huge part of modern profits is not profits according to the definition used at the time, and not realizable or even intangible. If you look at the rate of profit in commodity-producing industries, you will find that it is exceedingly thin in a great many cases, and that often profit is only realized via financial instruments (for example, the sale of new cars). Sure, but I find it difficult to justify that this should be tried in a US court under control of the US government, for a crime between two non-American actors outside the United States. The fact that it was about selling US equipment seems to be completely orthogonal to the crime (which is fraud), as it is not illegal for a non-US citizen outside the US to sell American goods bought to another non-US actor. The fact that Huawei would have to lie to the US government also seems orthogonal as Huawei did not lie to the US government, and if it did then Huawei would be liable. This simply seems to me like the US trying to impose it's power over foreign transactions. The fact that the fraud was done relating to US dollars does not give the US government sovereignty over a foreign citizen. The fraud was not conducted against an American entity, it was committed against a foreign entity with a liaison towards a US affiliate. In any reasonable world this would mean that the US affiliate would be liable for damages, then hold the mother company liable for it, which would then under local law hold the fraudster accountable for the damages. My LG G5 in safe mode does exactly that, it sets the user background to a black screen with "Safe Mode" in the corner. In that case, HSBC should be held liable for damages and should sue the party in order to recover them. If they cannot recover damages in that jurisdiction then they should either stop operating there or stop operating in the US. It's pretty much indefensible to me that someone that has nothing to do with the US operating outside the US would be tried in the US for a crime they allegedly commited elsewhere. Well no, that is not my solution. That is the only ethical way the US could enforce sanctions. The solution would be to put the Iran deal back up, but I digress. Yes, there is absolutely no way of enforcing sanctions without prosecuting innocent parties. The only way that the US can get foreign banks not to deal with Iran is by punishing them, even if they were the victims of fraud, the bank would then have to decide if they want to continue operating in the US and try to recoup their losses by going after the fraudster, not operate in the jurisdiction of the fraudster if that is impossible, or not deal with Iran at all (in which case a competitor will). Otherwise, they can also stop dealing with the US. Well no, I'd have no issue with the US going after the bank then the bank going after the person who did the fraud in the jurisdiction where the fraud happened. The issue is that the US has no right to prosecute fraud that happened between non-US entities outside US borders using their own laws. I know that the US is one of the outliers of the world in that it considers that the entirety of the globe is within their criminal jurisdiction. That is an insane idea in 2020. Let's look at this mathematically. If the average person changes jobs every four to five years, and spends two-three weeks unemployed doing so, as they already have a plan for their next job, you would expect a job-related unemployement rate of around 1% due to job changes. Then go after Huawei, which is an entity operating in the US? But that is not what happened; Huawei is not being sued, an individual that never dealt with a US entity is being sued for an alleged crime between non-US entities outside the US. The insane idea is that US criminal law applies worldwide, not only on US soil. Banks do no criminally charge people, but they can go after the civil damages to recuperate their incurred costs due to the fraud and have huge power to motivate prosecutors to press charges. In some foreign countries, bank can actually go after people criminally. If the foreign country in which the bank operates will not punish the fraudster then they can pull out of that country. This isn't about Huawei though. If they sue a company for that that's something that I would wholeheartedly support, and eventually Huawei can entirely stop operating in the US if they disagree. This is about an individual being charged and extradited to the US that is not a US citizen for a crime that happened between non-US actors outside of the US. No, I think that the local government where the fraud happened should pursue criminal charges if appropriate, not the US government. You can be suef in civil and criminal court at the same time. Good, then you can leave the individual non-US citizen that is outside of the US and did not commit a crime in the United States outside of US Court. HSBC is neither Russian nor German, even though they do business with the Russian and German economy and government. Meng is Chinese, the analogy works perfectly. HSBC is an entity from a third-party country. In that case you stop doing business in that jurisdiction. You're equivocating the word "in". She allegedly committed something that is a crime in Canadian and US law, but she did not commit it in US jurisdiction, nor against a US entity. As such, there is no reason for her to be extradited to the US . I don't care that it was against the US, if it was outside of US jurisdiction then the US has no business prosecuting anyone. Just because what she did is against US interests doesn't mean that the US has the right to judge her according to their own laws. That is entirely ridiculous. As a Canadian citizen, I would feel that it would be 100% justified for her to be extradited to the jurisdiction in which she committed the alleged crime. But we aren't talking about this. This is completely different. Volkswagen directly lied to the US government. And even then, Germany refused extradition for very good reasons, they had to wait for him to go to the US . This was someone allegedly defrauding an entity that is not American, let alone the US Government, outside of US jurisdiction, being deported to a jurisdiction in which they committed no crime. It is entirely ridiculous to equivocate the two cases. Then prosecute her under the country where she allegedly committed fraud. It is quite simple how it should work and indeed how it works for literally all countries except the US. I have no issue with the CFO of the company being held criminally accountable for fraud if it is the case. However, this is not the purview of the US. It was fraud against a non-US entity outside of US jurisdiction by a non-US citizen. It should thus not be tried under US law. If the US is unhappy that they cannot apply their law abroad they are free to pull out of global trade. If it is obvious that the Cayman Islands turn a blind eye to fraud and do not prosecute fraudsters, the banks are free to stop doing business in the Cayman Islands in order to avoid having to pay for damages out of their own pockets. Otherwise, the federal government can also impose restrictions on the Cayman Island's access to the US banking system. This is a very simple truth - the US Financial system is built to enforce economic violence against various innocent entities. I have absolutely no sympathy towards maintaining it and maintaining its power over the world without the US having to be accountable to the consequences of too strict restrictions, as happens under the system as it is currently, that gives the US Government fantastic and unjustified privilege and power. Sure. That is less than half of the normal unemployement rate. Most of the time I spend not working is spent sleeping. This is probably even more true for an Amazon warehouse employee. Much, much less probable than catching it while awake, and a very large share of people either sleep alone or live alone. To be fair, CPUs are Turing machines. That makes them much more comparable to anything that mainly does information processing than to anything else. The vast majority of stolen phones see their parts sold. Of those that don't, I know of a few people in major phone theft hubs that will change your IMEI (to name them, Derb Ghlef in Morocco, though I am sure it is also done in Shezhen and other such similar places). How they do it exactly I am not sure, I imagine that involves flashing the baseband through JTAG connectors. In any case, that is quite a cheap process. You will notice this happen - If your phone is stolen in Europe, it will almost invariably end up later in North Africa, then disappear entirely shortly after. Similar stories for stolen phones in NA, I'm sure. As for iOS anti-theft, that also can be defeated in various ways. In any case, anti-theft is not a proper justification for IMEIs being unique. Any anti-theft in a device that has been integrally stolen will be bypassed. These phones get fenced to people in third world countries with very very good reverse-engineering and electronics skills, and it only takes one to find out how to bypass any given issue. And worse comes to worst, they will sell the parts and still make a few hundred dollars out of your phone. Trust me, the #1 reason why phones don't get stolen is because they are physically difficult to steal. If a well-connected thief steals your phone (and there are a lot of well-connected thieves), they will not have much of an issue getting them sold. Then the phone will either be parted out or flashed out of any anti-theft, depending on market demand. You can really fake the IMEI in most phones. It's just more difficult, or not obvious on the English internet, to do so. Indeed. There is no valid technical reason for IMEIs to be unique, except for already very tenuous anti-theft perpetuation which is really a very minor factor. Sure. But in my experience, all it takes is for you to know a guy that knows a guy and it's done. The type of people in the socio-economic situation that makes it so that they would steal phones often leads them to have that kind of contact. In any case, maybe that is not so much the case in the US. But this certainly is the case in Europe; a very, very large percentage of stolen phones are sent to facilities that will part them out or unlock them. It also is true that someone selling a locked phone on Kijiji is likely to end up selling it to someone who has the skill or who knows someone that can unlock it. If you are a crackhead, the economics of stealing a cellphone are already very poor. It is much more profitable to steal peoples' bicycles or even copper tubes than it is to steal a cellphone, because stealing a cellphone is a pain in the ass since it's almost always in your pocket. The selection process for phones is already there: unless you are a very good thief, you're not stealing cellphones. That's because realistically your two ways of stealing a cellphone is either skillful pick-pocketing/misdirection, or muggings. Now if you're a crackhead, mugging people is not a very good idea for obvious reasons, and the subtler ways of stealing a cellphone already select for experienced thieves . The number one reason why bikes are stolen so much is not because they are easy to steal, it is because there is essentially no risk of getting caught. No one will give a shit if you're stealing a bike, and so even professional bike thieves will simply pop your lock with a Ramset gun without a care in the world and be on their merry way hours before you even notice. Whereas stealing a cellphone, unless very skillful, requires direct confrontation, which is not an issue. >But again, that's post-hoc statistics. You're looking at the world that already has the trivial disincentive against amateur thieving. So of course you'll see most stolen phones being stolen by professionals—the amateur thieves are already not bothering, so if a phone is being stolen at this point, it's being stolen by a professional thief! I seriously disagree for the reasons I outlined above. The kind of people that would steal phones are the kind of people that know how to offload it. Again, maybe this is different in the US, but anyone with shady friends here could figure out how to fence a stolen phone. It's really not nearly as exclusive as you might think. I personally know two people I could offload a stolen phone (that I entered into contact via my elementary school of all places), and I am very, very, very far from being the kind of person that needs to steal phones in order to subsist. The hardest crime I ever did was to give my friend a USB key with mp3s of Akon in 2011. And even if it wasn't the case, do you really think a crackhead would not try to steal a phone anyways? Of course they would, and they could probably figure out a way to fence it for 20$ or so. They just don't want to because stealing something that is either in your pocket or in your hands 24/7 is way too much risk for way too little reward. In truth though, it is not very difficult to get a hold of an IMSI that does not refer to you, via an anonymous SIM cards you can get a hold of a few different ways. And it is not very difficult to find the maintenance service menu of your phone and disable everything except 4G and 5G either. However, it is much simpler to just leave your SIM card at home and use other means of access :) For example on my LG V30, I can go to the dialer and enter : *#*#4636#*#* I can then go into "Phone info" and set the radio to "LTE only" or "LTE/WCDMA", and if there is no 2G/3G/etc... I will not be have any service. [1] This also works for most android phones, with small exceptions. [1] : https://ibb.co/JvZVHXF The benefit is mostly realized in places where you can expect to see the cost savings trickle down and have very high amounts of data for 25$/month. Which, to be honest, is not North America right now, but that certainly will become a reality in some places. Presumably someone that really cares about privacy would use an Android :) EAP-SIM and Carrier WiFi is also not very difficult to disable. In any case, an IMSI leak is not as bad as an IMEI leak. Because the IMSI is changed much more easily than the IMEI, and if in LTE only mode is only temporary. For me, not difficult to disable means that it takes less than 15 minutes to do so. difficult to disable would take hours and require specific knowledge. KDE does most of what you're talking about. Qt is a stable, established SDK, KDE Connect offers seamless integration, Plasma has a very good UX, and so on. Only thing missing is market share and a flagship distro. And yet a good functioning desktop experience for Linux is possible. I haven't looked back once I switched to KDE on my work computer. If you include network effects as part of the quality of a product you torpedo any argument that would posit that the free market is optimal for all parties in products where the network effect is similar, because that means that you will always end up with a monopoly in all but name and that you will refuse to call it a monopoly, which leads to bad outcomes for the vast majority of actors. Arguably it became one. Hopefully that will be a short period. Orwell was opposed to the USSR when he realized their imperialism, not when he realized that socialism was a bad idea. In any case, there are living examples of socialism right now. They are small in scale, but seem to be better than capitalism. Millennial socialism is also much closer to the socialism of George Orwell in any case, because it is much more libertarian than that of the 1900s. That would not fix the issues of the tendency for the rate of profit to fall, exploitation, and so on. But it would be an improvement. How do you distribute personal wealth after that 100 million? If you distribute it to the workers that create it and make it 20 million instead of 100 I think you'd be on to something. In that case can I interest you to market socialism? It is almost exactly that, except that you immediately start sharing your wealth as soon as you have a employees, in different amounts. I don't think this is not mainly an issue of capitalism. The thing is that it is essentially impossible to solve democracy without also solving capitalism. Capitalism's issues are not just the rich getting richer and the poor getting poorer. The main issue of capitalism is distribution of power . The only ways of fixing medical insurance, college loans, gun violence is to directly oppose the power structures created by capitalism. Capitalism is not to be understood as a purely economic system, it is also a political system, as it decides how power and decisions are used and taken. Politics is not just "what the government does" or "what parties do", the shareholders of your company deciding you should be fired is also politics. In this optic, it is more easily understood why capitalism will and does frustrate any attempt of creating true democracy. Capitalism is directly opposed to true democracy, as capitalism relies on private ownership and thus private decision, which is opposed to democratic decision. This is why when trying to establish public healthcare or regulating medical insurance, you will be opposed by the system that is capitalism, either by crashing of the stock market, adverse action by drug companies, massive lobbying, peddling of lies via mass media, and so on. Same for college loans - in order to fix the root cause issue behind college loans you will need to reduce the cost of tuition massively through either socialization of education or direct opposition to the ability of the private owner to do as they fit with their investment in order to maximize their interests (capitalism). Gun violence is really caused by underlying sociological issues which are caused by ideology (in the sociological sense of the word), and distribution of resources. Both of those are the way they are either largely or completely because of capitalism. Police brutality is in no small part because the role of police is diametrically opposed to the interests of most. Indeed, police almost only enforces laws that maintain wealth concentration towards the rich and have very low efficacy when dealing with theft from the common man (wage theft is by far the majority of all theft in the US, and it's not even close, yet try to call the cops on your boss short-changing you), even cases of murder show incredibly high class bias. This leads to police and justice interactions being overwhelmingly negative towards people they are biased against, such as racial minorities and poor people in general. As for global warming, this is an obvious issue of capitalism. And, most of all, Democracy has always been biased for the owner class and against the worker class. Read the original US constitution, for an obvious proof. China does not have market socialism, sadly. Market socialism directly prevents wealth accumulation. Indeed, the idea of market socialism is that we keep the free market and low government control over industrial matters, and instead make all companies owned by their employees. This would slow down accumulation of wealth substantially, as I don't know of any company you could work at that would make you accumulate more than 100 million dollars as a lowly worker, without any investment. The closest thing we have to market socialism right now would be worker co-ops, which do not allow massive wealth accumulation, as all wealth created would be shared equally among employees of a given firm. (Investment would also largely be impossible, because you would not be able to own stocks in such a system. Instead, interest would have to be accumulated via financing, which is much fairer to distribution of power and prevents accumulation of wealth.) I mean, that's the abolition of capitalism, though. You are literally describing market socialism. The only thing left is to automatically make workers the main shareholders, and making shareholders nothing more than financiers that must be repaid their interest. Why didn't they keep it? Oh yes, of course. Wages would not be flat, they would be determined by a vote of the employees. In real-world examples, people there for longer, that have more education, that do a more demanding job or have more responsibility have different salaries, up to a certain limit of inequality, of course. Even Karl Marx didn't want total equality, he thought (rightly) that it was absurd. Crucially though, the thing is that while wages are not the same, ownership is equal. Most of the wealth would be in shares of the company, not in wages, because wages are needed for consumption and because investment would be much more difficult. Modern experiments would be Rojava, the Zapatistas, and so on. Venezuela never got even close to socialism due to frankly stupid economic policy, their share of private enterprise was even higher than France, and Cuba while much better than comparable South American states is not modern, nor an experiment. I personally really don't think that some US schools anecdotally not using GIMP because of it's name is worth ruining decades of tutorials and documentation for the entire rest of the world. FWIW, GIMP has been installed on every single educational computer I've interacted with from pre-elementary school to college, in both French (Québec, France, Morocco), Arabic (Morocco) and English (Québec) schooling systems. Indeed, Wikipedia is an absolutely amazing context-aware translation tool. Signed declarations of amendment, then amended papers being added as new one with proof of amendment and link with the original. Kind of like how a keyserver deals with revoked keys. Indeed. I really don't understand how proprietary SaaS is "Open". It's just as locked down as IBM Watson and even moreso than Google's WaveNet-aaS. Pixel aligned sharp edges do not actually exist and are not meaningful in images, because a perfectly sharp lens does not exist (and cannot exist) and as a result you can never form a sharp edge in an image. You also have de-focus that prevents you from doing so, and a lens that has a wider depth of field has an immediately noticeable limit in sharpness. Even if you were somehow able to create a perfect lens, you would not be able to create a perfectly sharp edge with real world objects. That's true, but we're really getting there fast. My very sharp Minolta F1.4 full-frame lens is diffraction limited already at f/8 to f/11 at a definition of 6000 x 4000. It's also much, much sharper than the vast majority of pictures people take. While yes, 6000x4000 is a lot , monitors are already coming out with higher resolutions, so it's relevant right now. The fraction of images taken at an actual resolution so high that it has to be down scaled on a 6K or 8K monitor in practice is exceedingly thin. Even with a Sony A7RIV, an insane camera, and mind boggingly sharp lenses, most of your pictures after the Bayer filter and taking into account sampling (which is very real in photography due to Moire), most of your pictures either due to depth of field, optical abberations or motion blur, will not be at the level where you can create a truly sharp line of frequency higher than that between two pixels. So while it is often true, this is increasingly not the case. A UI element will almost never be perfectly square, exactly aligned on a pixel. And even if it was, LCD pixels aren't even squares . They are three rectangles with different colors and gaps between them. This fact means that if you want to have proper representation of even a pixel-perfect square, because of the gap between pixels and because of sub-pixels, a perfect representation would not be such. Actually no, that's not the case, rasterization is on-off at the hardware level. You need anti-aliasing for the behaviour you are describing, which very rarely works the way you describe - the best we have right now as far as quality uses multisampling. That wasn't really common sense in that definition of the term, rather it was thinking of advantages versus disadvantages. I don't think that considering the reality of people outside of your own group is "prejudice", yet it is common sense. People absolutely can afford to ignore Apple in the mobile space, except if your app is 100% reliant on the US market. iOS is only about 20-25% of the global market.