The org handling my scholarship & job placement were defunded just before I graduated in 1996. This job market here was already one that won't hire w/o a personal into. The only way a coder w/o experience + buddies in HR was getting hired was thru blackmail or ransom. I knew how to do basic hardware & some networking so got a biz license & biz cards and chatted up everyone I could find for 3 years. I went door to door to every business in town. None of them hired me but there would be other people around who thought it was novel that I was marketing like it was 1955. Those people intro'd me to people they knew & that got me established. The 2008 crash sinkholed my clients (car dealers). I started over with med providers but by 2010 the ACA sinkholed my new clients. I finally started writing some code 5 years ago to build blocklists for custom firewalls. > "My biggest problem with it is that the "advanced" operators are extremely buggy. Quotes and minus sometimes seem to be treated more as suggestions than requirements. Other times they return no results when omitting them returns results that should match. Sometimes a term with a minus is instead treated like there's no minus, i.e. ranking results with that word higher. This seems to have gotten worse over time." This is the exact explanation of why I moved away from Google. My searching trends toward very specific terms. >2 years ago, Google started ignoring my boolean operands. It became increasingly difficult to craft a boolean search that Google would actually respect. I finally bailed 6 months ago. By that time, using a minus sign often returned nothing but the results I was trying to avoid. I'm pretty sure Light Vertigo has never been trendy. Tons of folks have used Dark Mode browser extensions for years to stave off the nausea from bright white layouts (and overly-lit rooms!). For us, the widespread adaptation of Dark Mode has been a God-send. Turning down brightness and contrast only works so far. The 'more deaths' conclusion comes from cherry picking the only data that might support red light cameras. The reality is that red light cameras do great deal of harm with increased accidents overall which means a greater number of injuries and property damage. https://phys.org/news/2018-07-red-light-cameras-dont-traffic... Folks who like red light cameras and the profit they bring are perfectly fine the wrecked lives that come with them. That's where but not how. "This trap consists of a particular data pattern. Only with the help of special code is it possible to read this pattern." This is the key part of the story & it's totally unexplained. The blogger "Tony" just dropped it in there with no vetting at all, as if the method was self evident. Such is news in the new millennia. The claim could just be bullcrap. Atari would have known that courts are tech-illiterate and the defendant might not have shown up for the hearings. The single threaded performance of the i3 is about 3% higher than the i9. Factoring in all the cores tho, the i9 performance is about 3x the i3 - but at about 9x the cost. ref: https://www.cpubenchmark.net/compare/Intel-i9-9980XE-vs-Inte... On balance, the i3 looks like a solid chip if a bit pricey for an i3. Preface: I keyword searched for 'county' & 'counties' on this page & didn't see my point raised. The article compares library cards state by state. However, I've never heard of a state issued library card, only county, city or other local municipality. My point is I'm not clear where the researchers found 50 sets of state library card requirements. There's ~3000 counties and at least 4000 cities in the US. Somewhere in those numbers ought to be how many different sets of library card requirements, there are in the US. >The thing is when it gets cheap enough, other players start enter the game too. Companies. Criminal gangs. >Or even private individuals. This last is the worthwhile part. The problem isn't surveillance, it's disproportional surveillance. That is, people in power can only control the public while they retain a monopoly on power. Since bulk surveillance is coming, the best outcome is equal surveillance and equal access. Postscript: Privacy laws tend to lock you and I away from data, not powerful people who ruin lives. On reflection, most adults didn't care much about underage sex until they were able to leveraged it into public outrage - and therefore power for themselves. The proof of this lies with pre-1980s generations of child sex abuse victims, who knew (or quickly learned) to not go to adults in authority - especially police. At best, they could be expect to be ignored, marginalized and/or gaslighted. At worst could be more abuse, even if 'only' verbal, physical, etc. Reality is that most adults in authority didn't give a crap about child abuse until they could use abuse allegations as a weapon. Once they (police, legislators, administrators, etc) gained that power, all kinds of things suddenly became abuse, including consensual sexual activity. "Think of the children" tends to be code for "figure out how to leverage the children". I agree that parents aren't the primary beneficiaries of the power that comes from modern child abuse allegations (nor are non-connected adults). They are a critical source of that power, however. For context, I'd like to note that prior to outrage being the pregurgitated social response for child abuse, parents didn't really have any go-to reactions prepared for them. It wasn't uncommon for parents feelings of shame and confusion to push them toward quarantining their child (exasperating that child's sense of isolation and fault). It certainly wasn't standard was for parents to seek justice for the perpetrator. My 20th century American experience is that authority wasn't there to advocate for children who've been mistreated. Most egregiously, police - who society specifically entrusted with the responsibility of stopping child abuse - weren't known as people that abused children could reach out to for protection. If they had been, child abuse scandals wouldn't have progressed far beyond the original victim. But once child abuse could be leveraged into gobs of power, suddenly child abuse advocates were loudly everywhere. Your assertion is that the assumed social cost was overblown and that an entire nation failed to realize that - all the way up until the 1980s. I think what is more likely is that millions of individuals who were were in terrible and desperate situations used the combined wisdom of their extended (& often wise) family and took an accurate read on their actual society. "If you believe you don't need other people, go make your own light bulb." These are good points. Moreover, they're unusually well made. From the Article: " 'mere exposure effect' means that the more we’re exposed to something, the more we tend to like it." From my perspective: This is evidence something is broken with humanity. I do understand that we need a period of familiarization to better understand and appreciate a new piece of music. I get that we can relive that initial appreciation - after a period of forgetfulness. From my perspective, that period of forgetfulness should last months or years, not hours or days. I am strongly, sometimes physically repulsed by Clearchannel music programming, because of repetition. Most genres seem to be equally abused but Oldies/Classic stations are the worst. As I am well into my 50s, I've heard most "Classic" songs thousands of times - mostly involuntarily. They became unpleasant after a score or so. By the 100th relisten they transition to the sort of torture that the CIA uses against enemy combatants. I'm in FL; Classic/Oldies playlists are pervasive here. You can't complete a day of chores without traversing countless retail and public spaces poisoned with it. It's like living with a family member who's abusive when they drink and they drink every day. I like every genre a lot short of hip-hop and opera (but I'm warming up to them) This fall I'm working thru a list of 100 more progressive bands I haven't heard. New favorite finds are Crust (whoo yeah), Milos Makovsky and maybe The Steve Bonino Project which I can't figure out if I like or not. I just listened to Gil Scott-Theron's B-Movie for the first time and it was amazing. So - all of this is just me making this point. I don't disagree with the article. However, I think it points to a deep psychological malfunction in people (or whatever is the opposite of robust mental health). I'm not even saying that those who are content with their bad mental health, shouldn't be or that it shouldn't ever bleed over to me. I do wish I didn't have to experience it every day and that people I love weren't afflicted with it. There thousands and thousands of talented (sometimes well known) bands from the "Classic Rock" eras that you haven't heard. Listening to them might tell if it's the genre or that era or if Clearchannel just ruins everything thru overplay. I'd agree that I tend to see much more talent, skill and creativity in modern bands. Assuming you're not being sarcastic, this is easily disproved thru listening to skilled, non-hit musicians. Popularity isn't tied to "good" so much as it is "catchy". Hooks are easy to package and sell, skill - not so much. I think it's unlikely for people to first hear (or first attach to) their favorite songs in a strong environment like a club/rave/bar. We're most likely to hear something new in a setting we control. > There are two domains that are hosting the phishing content, live since March 2019. The associated IP network block and Autonomous System Number (ASN) are known to have hosted malware At which point the article fails to include the one actionable piece information - the IP blocks and ASNs. It's so like the tech press to write a comprehensive article that omits the only info that could actually help. Do ISPs want to monitor and collect data? If so, plain text DNS queries/responses are rich in metadata but an ISP has to sniff their own pipe to glean it. DNS over HTTPS (& DNS over TLS) reduces the obviousness of that traffic. When encrypted DNS is used, an ISP (or any MitM) would have to resort to more invasive analysis (ie: Sandvine) - to gather similar (if somewhat less precise) metadata. My issue is with browser based DoH is when it defaults to ON. That was Mozilla's original plan for Firefox. That's a problem for those of us who use DNS to reduce the risk from malware, advertising and other invasive technologies. DoH effectively circumvents those protections. After a crapstorm, Mozilla walked that back and made DoH a user choice. Even better, Firefox queries the use-application-dns.net zone - which (added to a local DNS server) tells Firefox to turn off DoH. This is super helpful for those who use DNS to safeguard networks. Now, better than DoH and a more elegant solution overall is DNS over TLS (RFC7858), which is simply encrypted DNS. It's the natural next step. Frankly, we all should have been using it for years. It's just beginning to gain support, tho. As it stands now only a handful of public DNS resolvers support it (Quad9, Cloudflare, Google, someone in Germany). None of the root servers do. Nor do ISPs'. My approach is to run a local DNS resolver (Unbound) which forwards it's queries over TLS. Local users' queries are plain text but the forwarded (public network) queries are encrypted. I've got nothing to show, therefore no reason to be surveilled. re: Year round DST in the US From the article: >Permanent DST was tried in the United States in the past century but was quickly repealed when the public found that waking up in the dark is hard, and energy savings were negligible. From Wikipdedia: >President Franklin Roosevelt instituted year-round DST, called "War Time", on February 9, 1942. It lasted until the last Sunday in September 1945. After 1945 many states and cities east of the Mississippi River adopted summer DST. It sounds like year-round DST sunsetted with the end of the war & not because the public overly cared about energy costs or were struggling to wake up in the dark. In fact, several states missed Daylight Savings Time so much, that they quickly restored it for at least ½ the year. I find this as meaningful as any sportball contest. Q1 & Q2 2001. After that began US's relentless creation of the modern, comprehensive surveillance state. It is the largest possible government and will effectively repress our great-grandchildren and theirs. As an American, I advocate some isolationism to protect other countries. The reason is that other nations are proving grounds for the future mistreatment of US citizens. Protecting other countries now protects future Americans. To meet lovely people doing horrific things, live in one of the (not poor) DC Metro Area neighborhoods. I sincerely believe news orgs are hugely (not wholly) responsible for their own demise. I'll explain using print news as an example. For newspapers, the internet changed the competition field, from one or two competitors to dozens (maybe hundreds). When that happened, US news consumers noticed some things. A multitude of (or maybe most) editors & journalists are profoundly, unconscionably lazy. I'll offer some Examples. 1) Lots of ink but not a lot of news gathering: Most (hundreds?) US news orgs all lead w/ the same ½doz headlines - and those are likely Reuters/AP/UPI reprints. How many national stories are in play any given day? Six? I think there are dozens and dozens - and they're all ignored in favor for whatever editors think is sexy. (I suppose editors tend to have similar tastes.) Local stories are likely to be original. Well, except when they're parroting press releases. Or worse - they're parroting PR without any analysis or historical context. In this case the readers are given no tools to tell if the PR is crap or not. This turns the journalist into the official spokesbot of the police, government or local corporation. It's publishing but it isn't journalism. 2) Fluff: Sports journalism. Celeb journalism. etc. Is it journalism? Lets go in that direction some more. Stamp collecting journalism. Paint swirl journalism. Concrete curing journalism. There are people who like those things. Is that enough? Consider this. Journalists are afforded extra 1st Amendment protections, to encourage them to unearth and reveal misdeeds by the powerful. The intent seems to be to help citizens learn where their rights and liberties might be being eroded. Reporting that depends on those protections would seem to be a strong candidate for what constitutes journalism. I suggest that reporting on paint swirls and sport stats is probably a pretty safe thing. 3) Lastly, uneducated journalists: One example. During the Obama administration I'd participate in journalism chats. I had a regular question. Did the reporters know that Pres Obama prosecuted more whistleblowers for espionage than all previous presidents combined? Now this could be a good or bad stat, depending on one's perspective. Regardless, it was an undeniably powerful, historical statistic. Depressingly, that stat wasn't well known by journalists. In fact most journalists seemed resistant to believing it or they felt the stat misrepresented some larger situation. This lapse was a terrible thing. Whistleblowers have always been a incalculably valuable to journalists, who were oblivious to what seemed to be a crackdown by that administration. (Fortunately, that's changing a bit & whistleblowers are suddenly revered again. Or at least that's the lip service.) Conclusion: To me, if news orgs want to survive, they each need to bring something to the table. Some do. Some are exceptional. Some are consistently exceptional. Some screw it up occasionally but that's reasonable in the larger context. But if news orgs are largely reprinting others' content, then they are largely not serving a critical public function. Worse, they're abdicating the duty inferred by their extra constitutional protections. I believe those news orgs should die. That'd be excellent pay in most of rural America (the ~99%). The flaws and issues I brought up weren't caused by post-1995 realities. They were what news consumers had been given for a long time, in exchange for their subscription dollars & eyeball time. The demise of news kingdoms happened when it became impossible for us to ignore what we were getting for our money. Going forward, the economics issues are as stark and complex as you say. A new challenge is they're being used to justify feeding us the same diet of crap (not exclusively - wonderful exceptions abound) that our parents were served. In the midst of all this is a comprehensive lack of self-awareness by news orgs who exist to state reality in helpful terms. Step One should be clearly stating the core reasons that quiet Americans lost their trust in the press. It's been 20 years and news orgs are still unable (again, lots of exceptions like CJR) to discuss these crippling flaws. How can any economic solutions help if news orgs offer little more than fluff, recycled content and 1st-impression reporting? Your rebuttal places responsibility for what news orgs print - on everyone but the news orgs. So your argument seems to be this. News orgs have to defer their 1st-Amendment-inferred duties in favor of printing pap because otherwise they'll go broke. In the mean time they're going broke. Americans have more sources of pap than ever before yet that is the arena where news orgs want to compete. Like news orgs, you appear to have zero concern with this plan. As an aside, did you know that House voted to reauth Sect 215 surveillance? WaPo barely mentions it in their own article. https://www.washingtonpost.com/us-policy/2019/11/19/house-pa... I doubt you knew because 1000 news orgs are thoughtlessly, compulsively covering [SUPER SEXY STORY] today, to the exclusion of all else. I don't know how much other critical information I'm missing bc (like every day) the vast bulk of news orgs can't be bothered to fulfill their constitutionally-protected purpose for existing. Do you have a specific argument as to why news orgs are not earning their collective death? Other than some belief that they should continue to profit at pap, I mean. I was willing to seek medical care for the ongoing pain of TMJ and I didn't because what I can afford is one Dr visit & one RX for generic opioids (the only treatment that touches that pain). But there was no point. The only Dr I could afford became terrified of prescribing opioids (thanks DEA. yes it was the DEA). No matter that I had, for years and years, taken opioids responsibly. However it's no longer a problem. That only Dr - that countless thousands of us could afford to visit - just closed up shop. Am I willing? Sure. Able, no. Not in any way. Eye exams catch problems in the healthcare wealthy. They catch nothing in the dozens of millions of Americans who aren't (and haven't been). This bothered me as well. Modding to a non-illegal condition should be as equally unencumbered as a restoration of hardware to it's original intended function. I get a blank page w/ an empty header. When I allowed google-analytics in UBO, I get a blank page w/ a more populated header and 2 sign-in options. I tried it in IE11 (where broken things go) and I get the You Need Javascipt message on an otherwise blank page. Guessing this page just can't live in a decrapified world. My take: This project's success would have depended on the ease and affordability of maintaining it. > Society just need to decide how it wants to play this because its an either or proposition. In the US the odds of dying in a terror attack have remained historically low since the mid 1970s. Specifically, it's between 1:12M and 1:40M - about the same as picking the correct inch between DC and NYC. Conversely, the odds of a US citizen (who is not suspected of a crime) being inappropriately surveilled is near 100%. How to play it? Prioritize real threats over the nearly imaginary ones. Best ball pit This kind of lines up w/ my Unified Privacy Theory, which is: Our largest data problem isn't privacy but disproportionate access to data. This is made worse - btw - by privacy laws that limit access to data by you and me but not by powerful interests, w/ a history of ruining lives. What we need is something to eliminate "Recommended For You" mentions. After that, a Promoted Tweet muter would find wide appreciation (using uBO for that now). Learning to solve IRL problems - that absolutely need solving - is why we send them to college. I couldn't be more proud. DigitalOcean hater here. I won't counter any of the praise I'm reading; if anything this will probably validate it. I'm on the other end of the DO equation. My small mail server is relentlessly targeted for spam from DigitalOcean IPs - and has been for years. In fact there are 4 networks I block (by ASN) - DO, OVH, AWS (new!) and Psychz Networks. (note: No mail from outside N.Am/EU allowed) Forget to stop my mail server when dropping the firewall for 20 seconds? Get a ½ dozen spams from DigitalOcean IPs. I actually like that there are hosts for dodgy services. I also get that conscientious hosts get bad customers and it takes time to overcome their bad behavior. However from the time I 1st heard of DO until now, it's an unbroken timeline of DO being a toxic source. (note: The difficulty of reporting spammy IPs in bulk - using firewall not mail server logs - is another post) So like a lot of orgs, DigitalOcean treats people on the inside really well. But for those of us on the receiving end of unwanted attention from DO networks, it's a rough ride. GOOGLE IGNORES SEARCH OPERANDS So I went to DDG, 2 years back. Now DDG ignores search operands too. > You've also got a GPS beacon in your pocket I don't. My phones are rooted. GPS access is limited to a few apps and only on demand. So is app-access to IMEI and other identifying markers. Not by design but I also get a new SIM each month ($18 unlmtd talk/text+10GB). These measures are all technologically & economically cheap, btw. But they're locked away from consumers because the compulsion to control end users is a sickness that corporations can't regulate on their own. Alt link https://www.1843magazine.com/features/trapped-in-iran Example #4,990,275 of an effective treatment denied to Americans, because we bizarrely allow a police agency (DEA) to set national medical policy. Awesome how they recreated the south NJ smell in middle America > Or double standards Appending to "Very Confused Double Standards" https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20190503/17322942136/conte... (proudly earning my downvotes) I had unknown/blocked phone numbers blocked so a deputy had to unblock her number to notify me my brother had died. I would've been alright with a voicemail, tho. Spaghettimodels is my goto. https://www.spaghettimodels.com/ Or at least the page for my market is. https://www.spaghettimodels.com/cities/orlando.htm US Telcos have been jointed at the hip w/ the USIC for generations. AT&T's history of proactively helping the US spy on US Citizens+Everyone hints at the company's deep desire to be a spy entity in it's own right. Even though the knowledge of that is/was public, it wasn't widely know until the Edward Snowden revelations - largely due to the relative disinterest of US news orgs (even when faced with clear evidence of US's ethical lapses -- eg: Mark Klein whistleblows AT&T's NSA taps on the internet backbone). Most of the US Press still behaves as if USIC's primary goal was safeguarding the public instead of furthering the interests of US Gov & political financiers. I don't think an operation like that is necessary. Most journalists seem to be eager to prove themselves as patriots by under-reporting Gov malfeasance, especially in IC matters where understanding a complex issue gets trumped by deadlines. Thank-you editors for our chronically uninformed electorate. They've all got massive bureaucracies above them that tightly control what they can do. Also, everyone wants to eventually end their shift and go home. That means just doing what you're told & screw the damage done. > gross intelligence breaches at the highest levels aren't anything novel True. Same portrayals too. If breacher is an R they're incompetent, it's a D they're a traitor. Headline might want to note IT'S MAC ONLY Copitalism Op's comment is about harm done by people who directly interact with new parents: > they never found a way to quantify what practical harm they cause to parents who get judgy nurses and a birthing room full of "Breast is Best" posters, who eventually spend nights weeping over their inability to feed their child, constantly feeling like they're a failed parent because they used formula Your response inferred the OP desired scientists to lie - but that's a notion you introduced to the conversation: > You seem very resentful, do what works for you but don't expect scientists to lie to make you feel better. Starting at 6yo, I woke up to an empty house & got myself fed and off to school. It was a rural area & I walked a dirt road to the bus stop. This was the early 1970s & we kids felt an expectation to manage their own affairs. Regarding school start times, I've long said that we do it backwards. Elementary school should start first & high school last. I approve this observation. More accurate headline: "US Senators trying to leverage abused children into anti-encryption bill" "The CDC shunned WHO test guidelines used by other countries and set out to create a more complicated test of its own that could identify a range of similar viruses. But when it was sent to labs across the country in the first week of February, it didn’t work as expected." https://www.propublica.org/article/cdc-coronavirus-covid-19-... The CDC could have adoopted the WHO guidelines for testing at the start. It's reasonable to assume that if they had, the US would now have a much greater testing capacity. >What, specifically, do you think more testing will do? The CDC & other testing authorities have been systematically denying requests by doctors and other health professionals, to test people who are at meaningful risk of Covid-19 infection. Indications are this is due to a lack of testing capacity. There are numerous news reports of CDC refusing testing. It seems odd that anyone is missing them. Here are some examples of what I'm referring to https://act.nationalnursesunited.org/page/-/files/graphics/N... https://www.businessinsider.com/new-york-man-denied-coronavi... https://news.yahoo.com/us-patient-coronavirus-unknown-origin... Here's a case where doctors kept pushing back against CDC refusals. Eventually the woman tested positive. https://www.ajc.com/news/breaking-news/breaking-floyd-county... If these aren't enough examples of CDC's ongoing testing problems, there are plenty of others - all there for the searching. >Do you believe that more testing will limit the spread of disease? While the US is looking forward to an explosion in cases, South Korea is looking forward to containment. One factor is that SK tests at 700 times the rate of the US. re: https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-testing-covid-19... > Please, explain in detail why, while also considering the risks associatd with large-scale testing. No. In this article, Vicky Graham and David McLaughlin describe Section 230 as: "legal shield enjoyed by companies such as Google and Facebook". This is disingenuous, at best. Section 230 does 2 simple things. It says platforms aren't liable for what users post there. In other words, users themselves are liable for what they do. Second, it gives platforms the ability to take down harmful content w/o risk of legal threat. These two things protect every small blog w/ comments and every fledgling social platform. It's the law most responsible for allowing the internet to flourish, by helping small content creators operate w/o the threat of unearned liability. What Section 230 does not do is act as shield for criminal activity. The feds are not hampered in any way from perusing legal action against site operators who commit a crime. Damage to Section 230 will exclusively harm not-huge tech companies because that damage will allow courts & Govs to punish small/med operators - not for what they do but for what their users do. Like most reporters covering Section 230 stories, Vicky Graham and David McLaughlin appear to be clueless that eroding Section 230 won't harm Google or Facebook in the slightest. Only the largest tech firms have the massive resources to ride out what follows if Section 230 is pruned away or is killed altogether. The other issue here is that the purpose of the EARN IT act is to render encryption meaningfully insecure (via backdoors), so that Gov/LEO can break it on a whim. Lastly, notice how the reporters here just parrot what was told to them. They don't try at all to vet or analyze what they're publishing. It's stenography. Yeah - it expires tomorrow Coincidentally, 24.9% is about what actual unemployment (total 16-64 munus working 16-64) is when unemployment is reported at 3.9%. Turn off notifications by default so that people who need/want them (the minority) can get them from the relevant sites (the exceptions). After that turn off stickies, floaters, modals, etc by default & those who wish to have their browsing experience assaulted into a 1 inch box can opt in. Voted most insightful comment. By default, the user gets notified that the site wants to send notifications. Gates is right. Without a clear, unified message from news orgs, I don't see how anyone will overcome influence from Chambers of Commerce & similar special interests. I'm so proud of everyone here. It seems that all of the recent ventilator projects require intubation. Have there been any non-invasive ventilator projects? Millimeter waves (30-100GHz range) attenuate like crazy & are seriously degraded by pretty much everything (eg: rain, dust). For folks who must fret over mm wave tech, it's worth considering that cell towers have been using 11-83GHz bands for short distance backhaul & linkage for decades. So have tons of other industries. Last, I'm about positive that only some approved frequency groups in the 5G standard will be in use, in any given region. Lower bands should see the widest deployment. pfSense + pfBlocker ~ OpenVPN because I'm pretty old - along with DNS over TLS & ICR what else. Sidebar: I also have a copy of my desktop Firefox hosted as a RemoteApp on a Win10Ent VM, for the odd time I need remote access to a credentialed account while I'm away. Reflecting on the horror, how much worse is this condition for the families who aren't healthcare-wealthy enough to afford diagnosis? Those victims likely get written off as a worthless drain on society. My comment on the Earn-it act is it's the natural outcome of unqualified US voters choosing unqualified politicians, thanks to largely inept news coverage. Or if you want something more topic specific, Feinstein co-sponsors it so we can fully assume it elevates the whims of The State over the welfare of us. I have 5 sons. I exposed all of them to computer, appliance & car repair. That involved setting them in front of the project, tool in hand & letting them go as far as they could. Only one really bit into it & he largely eclipsed my ability by the time he was 18. The others found their own skill sets, mostly with stuff I suck at. Edit: Interestingly, one is training as an electrician which is tangentially related to my skills. However, he came to that totally on his own. His learning is best aided thru support, not influence. I have a point to make that I feel intersects the conversations here. It concerns something I didn't figure out until I was older, that children are brought into existence w/o their consent. Now I don't believe this is* (edit: fixed) an evil or unethical act; it's simply an unavoidable facet of reality. However, it creates a debt to children so massive, that it can't be fully repaid in a lifetime. In short, the debt between children & parents only ever runs one way. Because of this, I have a permanent & total obligation to my kids' well being, while they in-turn owe me nothing for a lifetime of labor on their belhaf (which as a single parent - changing diapers & earning income - has been substantial). It doesn't mean my grown kids should or shouldn't contribute to my welfare. It means that my responsibility is to continually tip the scales toward the outcomes they desire. In our case we operate as one household & there are different obligations in play there. But the Original Debt indicates that any shortfalls (in labor, etc) be filled by me, unless & until more practical solutions are worked out. My reward is that this really efficient mindset solves lots of problems in advance. >How often do you hear stuff like this from random strangers? Regularly - when the critic feels the object of their derision is out of earshot. Parents presume what feedback they get and they're usually right. Children prepay for that vacation thru a process called neglect. [flagged] That's a solid philosophy. That's elegant. > Empirically, people with kids almost never achieve outlier levels of success > Don't most successful people have kids (just like anybody else)? I imagine both those things are true. > Also, many people just don't take care of their kids. There are many mono-parental families out there. I became a single parent when my wife developed mental illness (which was like getting 5 more kids). In my case self-employment allowed me to be present a lot more often than most single parents can. Nevertheless, the overriding truth is that nearly every sq inch of modern western society is stacked against single parents. > It seems like a lot of people get married and have kids just because it's the thing people do. Which I guess you can't really fault them for, but it is the root of a lot of society's problems as you say. My case would support your supposition because I was distressingly incompetent in my early 20s. I wasn't a prize at 28 (my first born) either but at least I was at a point where I could form better expectations for myself. Past that, I find most young people today to be measurably more balanced & competent human beings than my generation was. I have strong confidence in their abilities to guide little people. To be clear tho, even in my generation I was a terrible outlier. They tend to launch both simultaneously (eg: Henry Ford). Reality might skew a little in tech because of some high profile successes that occurred while founders were absurdly young. I considered this because my faith also believes it. Regardless, I believe the principle stands on it's own. Meanwhile, I'm pondering the apparent conflict. To that end, these are some of the points I'm considering. 1) Children aren't generally able to fully embrace faith on it's own merits until they are young adults. Until then, their faith is mostly proxied thru their parents. 2) Children have no practical ability to repay debts. 3) Faiths that teach pure service as a calling tend to extend it to parenthood. 4) The principle I'm advocating is a principle to family and to society. More 4) In my experience, when a personal or societal principle appear to conflict w/ a religious principle, it's often due to an incomplete understanding of the principles in play. I found it is spiritually & ethically safe to allow those principles to co-exist in disharmony until greater knowledge reframes the conflict in a more solvable way. More 4 tl;dr ver) There is great risk in pushing immature conclusions - much less risk in holding inconsistent ones. > I wonder, why does my kid didn't consent to be born mean I owe him/her? - From the principle standpoint, the alternatives saddle kids with unearned obligations, that are entirely the result of some adult's choices. This is unethical, while a better perspective is within reach. - From a practical perspective, there are 2 alternatives (to the principle I espouse): 1) No one owes anyone anything. Good luck newborn. Or... 2) Kids are obligated to repay the debt of their own upbringing ("I raised you so you owe me"). I would hope the obnoxiousness of this thinking would be self-evident. Unfortunately, I've encountered it a lot. I've believed it myself to some degree. However, I've not seen any evidence that this thinking benefits anyone in a meaningful way. Instead, I've seen it behind countless adults' efforts to belittle and devalue children - as part of misguided attempts to bully kids into some desired behavior. It's terrible. We need to let it go. > Is the implication that being alive is a bad thing? Not at all. Some events are neither fair nor unfair but come with tons of responsibility. Ultimately the question is who is the best fit to bear that responsibility and to what degree. Considering all possible scenarios, I think the wisest answer is this: The resources of upbringing should be provided by the parents, in total, unconditionally and in perpetuity. Obviously, all parents need help with this. > Such attitude makes it significantly less likely to have kids in the first place: why would a potential parent want to get in debt? That might depend on how much value they place on their own life and upbringing. >If we want to decrease population of humans, then spreading "parents owe to their kids" attitude is one of the ways to accomplish that. Some things are what they are. This is the reality that's left when the harmful & unproductive assumptions are stripped away. I believe you are right that some less courageous folks will be discouraged when faced with this. That's okay too. Folks who opt out of parenthood shouldn't be thought less of. > "it creates a debt to children so massive, that it can't be fully repaid in a lifetime." > This is just an idea you made up. I'd agree that it's a bit on the melodramatic side and it'd be fair to call it arbitrary. However, I offer that the sentiment behind it is honest. It works against the common assumption that kids owe their parents for their upbringing (If you feel I made that up then I can't help you here). I propose that common assumption leads to no beneficial outcome and that it's main purpose is to demean & degrade kids (children & adult) - to bully them into some sort of compliant behavior. That's the core behind the principle. If there's fault in my overall reasoning, this is where I'd recommend you look. It occurs to me that part of your objection may stem from an notion that I'm proposing a rule or some sort of absolute guideline. If so, my response is that rules too often suck at promoting positive behaviors and that absolute guidelines suck even more. Over 50 here. I was just discussing this with my sister, my lack of nostalgia for old favorites. What I feel is more like the opposite, it's repulsion to overplayed music. As in - I sometimes leave a store when I can't handle Clear Channel music playing overhead. The 5 bazillionth hearing of "Tears in Heaven" or of any artist beginning with 'Sir' triggers a fight or flight response. I'm not overstating my case when I claim that (for me), listening to overplayed music is indistinguishable from abuse. Even the artists that I adored in my teens/20 are becoming unlistenable. David Bowie was the most recent to go. Pink Floyd is close behind. If music is medicine, it's all Fentanyl by the time Clear Channel gets done with it. It makes me continually grateful for all the access we have to new artists. - - - - - PS: The Beatles catalog is just a preschool songbook now. Fight me. > Don't understand how people are happy to listen to the same old stuff - it must get so dull. This is my perspective. For me it's like watching people enjoy chewing glass. I am genuinely baffled that the experience isn't horribly painful for them. Sensation's Fix comes to mind. I am genuinely baffled because - from my perspective - any song becomes painful to hear after enough listens. This includes artists I loved beyond measure - the same artists that I can no longer stand because I've since heard them so. many. damn. times. (once they got added to every playlist in creation). I believe it's reasonable to be repulsed by overplayed music. I'm somewhat puzzled why this would be controversial. > Don't understand how people are happy to listen to the same old stuff - it must get so dull. It feels like being force-fed doughnuts. > I sure would love to take a couple months off to catch up on the last 10 years worth of music. Gnoosic is a band recommender - a quick & dirty way to get a few new bands to check out (Google & DDG point right to it). > "I think part of it is there is no scene for music any more?" > There are plenty of music scenes, but I do think they are not as big and influential on overall youth culture anymore. I think what changed is that gate-keeper, hyper-promoted acts don't hook as much of the youth as they once did. We have this one local music festival that's made up of hundreds of acts playing in dozens of small venues. The audience is huge but it's dispersed over 10 city blocks so you don't really get that crushing mob feel. > I do on rare occasion reflect back, but never to The Who, who was my constant soundtrack I opine that any song can be weaponized thru overplaying. This may be an unpopular opinion. IDK. K has a promising therapeutic future. That doesn't change that you and Henry are absolutely correct, tho. > I don't think my dad has willingly listened to a new song in the last 30 years. I'm a dad to 5 & this is what I always expected from my generation. I never understood it either, not now or then. I've found most of a hundred new artists in just the last year. There's unimaginably more music available, than when I was young. It's practically a golden age. Sweet! > What they'd consider "normal" is what we'd consider as "struggling with deep trauma". I think you're right - everyone would be traumatized by modern standards. I suspect that some of the harmful behaviors (we associate with PTSD) weren't socially abhorrent, in past eras. eg: Societies generally condone some amount of mistreating other people. That particular outlet could have been fully acceptable, when done to marginal and lesser classes. > I'm the author. It absolutely is about anger management. I get that. I think his point was the article spoke of your realization that you needed to - and could - let go of your anger. And although you discussed the process, I suspect what he didn't see were methods & techniques. For example: How does one actually let go of anger? or Let's say you have learned how to let go of anger. But when you release your hold on it, it just hangs there, not leaving. What do you do? Stuff like that. Appreciate your engagement, btw. It means a lot. > angry young boys are not tolerated. I became a depressed young boy instead Sigmund Freud mentioned that depression is anger turned inward. That seems viable to me, even tho it came from Freud. > repressing anger, which we may have needed to do to survive growing up and is now a bad habit we hang on to I still think it's a necessity. Many folks in authority have no tolerance for any anger but their own. > Humans generally tend to feel like "nuke it from orbit" is the only useful response to really bad things and if they can't do something akin to that, they feel they aren't making any difference at all. This is a massively useful observation. > something else criminal would take its place Like what? Burglary? Insider trading? I'm not backhanding you here; I genuinely can't come up with any reasonably criminal activity that would blossom into that vacuum. The prominent crimes here from addicts looking for a fix are panhandling, vagrancy and trespassing. There weren't any surges in human trafficking, burglary & robbery recorded after prohibition was lifted. There was a steep decline in contraband goods, however. I was 21. My mom was in a permanent state of postoperative delirium and I was nursing her into her last days. It was just the two of us & I wasn't up to the task. I doubt I knew it was Mother's day. A few weeks earlier: My older siblings and I sent a bright, aware, career budget analyst into cancer surgery. The hospital returned a woman who no longer recognized us or even where she was. We were sent home and some home health aides helped us get her settled & setup care routines. After some time my sister went back to her life (she & mom didn't get on). Then my brother drove back to his home two states away and it was just me and mom & feeding her & helping to the bathroom & cleaning up when she didn't make it. Some days or weeks later, I had a phone call w/ mom's sister and that aunt drove down & took over whatever it was I handed to her. As a guy who struggles to keep the dishes washed, I imagine it wasn't great. The last few months of mom's life proceeded in a more orderly manner. Mom turned 64. I turned 22 & three weeks later she died. In case anyone is tempted to lionize the kid in the above picture, let me complete the picture. If I could have slipped away and let someone take point, I would have. In this thing, my siblings & I were my dad's kids (tho he was gone & dead, many years). As I was living with mom already, I was the one left holding the colostomy bag. So I wasn't really responsible but I was lucky. Taking care of an ailing parent for 6 months can be a privilege (as opposed to, say, 6 years). I'm grateful to have escaped the guilt that I suspect my siblings have. I also learned I might not be terrible at other big life challenges, like being a parent (I was anyway but not forever). However, for anyone beating themselves up this Mother's Day, let it go. We are what we are until we aren't & the weightiest factor that changes that are the circumstances beyond our control. 'Will' is critical but I've found it's a poor tool for making deep, lasting, healthy changes - unless supportive environments are also present. I suspect the highest mom-wisdom is knowing that Hallmark is full of crap. Ergo mom(False, True, True) > Is it a cultural thing Americans are so detached? I suspect so. Every inch of our culture pushes 18yo's away from siblings and parents. Some families overcome that and some don't. Through most of human history, families were physically close enough that parents, grandparents, aunts/uncles became interchangeable & elderly parents didn't have to die alone in nursing homes. Firefox gives me much more control than Chrome and that makes it much more secure. > Firefox's new DNS over HTTPS was bypassing all my firewall DNS rules. A misstep by Firefox, though it was done with genuine intent to safeguard users (as opposed to just being spun that way). Though they've walked it back it still needs to be opt-in or be trivially easy for average users to opt-out. > DNS-over-HTTPS was the big one for me. Mozilla betrayed us here. Betrayal indicates some intent to harm users; the intent of DoH is clearly to safeguard users. However, the rollout was absolutely hamfisted & shortsided. It's notable that the DoH deployment is about the only example here of Firefox harming users. Compare that with Google rewriting Chrome's code to hobble uBlock Origin & leave users more vulnerable to nefarious ad tech. The former was Mozilla putting user safety first (in a poorly handled way) while the latter was clearly Google doing the opposite. > No "no dating colleauges" rule will prevent colleagues from developing crushes and dating each other. Or prevent employees from being harassed who just want to work w/o getting hit on for the bazillionth time. > Everything becomes surveillance at some point. I offer that the challenge isn't surveillance but disproportional surveillance. That is, the harms that follow modern data collection occur because that data is locked away from you and me. Presently, power from data is reserved for those already in power. This allows them to leverage our data against all of us, w/o meaningful consequences. If we want responsible data use, I believe the surest way to achieve that is thru equal access by default. In that scenario, those in power are far more motivated to desire safeguards for everyone - instead of the perverse incentives that we all enjoy today. This is the result of every "Remove Bad Internet Stuff" law. > The workplace is still a workplace, not a dating machine, so people need to adjust their behaviors to the environment. Most people can manage to do this. Presently, women can expect mistreatment in their workspace. This has an unbroken reality for generations. While women are living with that reality, this very minute, it's not clear that workplace friendships are in any meaningful danger. Downvotes? Groovy. Prove me wrong. Any "Remove Bad Internet Stuff" law will do. edit: sigh . HN lessons are painful lessons. But I can trade them in for self-esteem That's how it's done in FL for non-opioid schedule II. None of our Dr's can call or transmit Schedule II Rx, they have to be hand carried paper scripts. Opioids are limited to a 3 day supply tho (with some tight exceptions, for those patients that can afford a PM Dr). > This was very predictable. Tools invented for military operations abroad eventually, predictably find their way back domestically. I've been saying for ages that these overseas actions are proving grounds for testing malicious tech - for it's eventual deployment against US citizens. Our great-grandchildren will rightfully despise us for not rolling back their surveillance state when we had the chance. I was hoping to find a clue to why I can sleep indefinitely, at least 70 hours straight. It feels like what I imagined hibernating to be. I still have my OEM bowel tho; I guess my super sleep isn't actual hibernation. The history of publishing orgs is one of compulsive lawsuits. > Despite Google taking measures to provide full text of only works in public domain, and providing only a searchable summary online for books still under copyright protection, publishers maintain that Google has no right to copy full text of books with copyrights and save them, in large amounts, into its own database. re: Author's Guild v. Google https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authors_Guild,_Inc._v._Google,... . ASN has one /24 (IPv4) https://bgp.he.net/AS14593#_prefixes I like how most of the 6 figure employee salaries are clustered around the lower ratios - evidencing that top employee pay isn't at all dependent on top CEO salaries. > "I have a checking account and a home mortgage with Wells Fargo" Casting literally every inch of his financial judgment into doubt. Or maybe we've just been pranked >Is Dark Mode Such A Good Idea? Yes. >Many people quote light mode as being a contributory factor to eye strain. Based on the reading I’ve done, this doesn’t appear to be true. I'll test that now. - Blindy migraine mode: Hurts. - Dark mode: Doesn't hurt. - Different result ever? No. The above is from the undisputed, worldwide expert on what I feel. Further testing by Redditors cements that this is a Verizon issue. Hopefully the Reddit OP will adjust his headline, because this is potentially useful info. I'm glad that NYC's dystopic Domain Awareness system gets some coverage here. However it's curious that Microsoft isn't mentioned at all in the article - even though every inch of this abomination is entirely Microsoft's creation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_Awareness_System >"The state can take better care of your child than you can" The products of autocratic governments are depressingly predictable. Ostensibly, atrocities like this are done for the people - and yet, they are completely devoid of humanity. > Mozilla in November accused ISPs of lying to Congress in order to spread confusion about encrypted DNS. Mozilla's letter to Congress criticized Comcast > NCTA cable lobby that Comcast belongs to wrote a letter to Congress objecting to Google's plans for encrypted DNS. Comcast gave members of Congress a lobbying presentation that claimed the encrypted-DNS plan would "centraliz[e] a majority of worldwide DNS data with Google". Comcast's lobbying presentation also complained about Mozilla's plan for Firefox. Compromise, 2020 style: Comcast retains access to it's users DNS data and Mozilla doesn't dogpiled by NCTA-purchased legislators. On my Firefox 79, if I pop open a new tab, 1) the cursor is refocused from the search box to the URL bar and 2) the URL bar is a search box (even if search-in-url-box is successfully disabled in not-new tabs). Even better, the option to set new tab to a webpage is gone. The only choices are the Firefox default page or a blank webpage. Normally this wouldn't be a problem. I'd just try one of the dozen of known tweaks to about:config or userChrome.css and defeat this behavior. Except none of them impact this. Again, this is only for a new tab. Between the article and the orig report, I found the data presented in a confusing way. > "African American males made up the majority of protesters in the four observed cities vs. females" Then follows pie charts showing Caucasians outnumbered African-Americans 6:1. It looks like what they meant was 'among African-American protesters, the majority were male'. In the end I opted for an extension - it redirects a new tab to a web page of my choosing. The action is a bit distracting but it happens fast enough that it's not a bother. I'll note it was the 2nd extension I tried. It may be some onerous Firefox security measure needs to be bypassed & the first extension hadn't managed it yet. In my home are 6 males over 18, me and my 5 sons. Three of us work FT & it's just enough to keep our head above water. One son just graduated HS & will enter his final year of trade school this fall. His twin is entering his senior year of HS. During most of the post-2008 recovery (that news orgs endlessly crowed about, especially after 2012) we ate rice, being unable to afford beans or anything else. Some days we ran our of rice. From my perspective, most of the recovery was limited largely to shareholders & wealthy metro areas. I don't fault or credit any PotUS for terrible years or less terrible years. I do, however, hold some lingering resentment for news orgs that stayed resolutely out of touch with all but select sq mi of the US. It's hard to not feel they earned whatever oblivion they may find themselves staring into. Many years ago I spied on employees (of my client). Specifically, there were always few sales guys who'd spend hours a day lost in games, dating sites, etc. Who hasn't gotten lost on the internet? However, these guys were at it every day. From my perspective, they were caught in a trap that wasn't good for them or the company. I wanted was to help them find their way back to doing what they were good at. I setup a squid proxy, got good at regex & category blocking. After hitting my proxy, the sales guys would get a little frustrated but they invariably redirected themselves and that'd be the end of it. No need to involve management. Non-stupid employers know that what employees need are duties they can care about & opportunities to make something better. What employees don't need, to excel at their jobs, is to be surveilled, micromanaged or tightly restricted. (Granted, a few might hit a dark patch & need some guidance. A rare few might be beyond guiding and have to be let go.) tl;dr: Don't be a crapty employer & you won't have an imaginary need to spy on your employees. That'd be it. My Thinkpads let me permanently disable it. Completely made my day. I can just gush with love for stuff like this. One guy installed Ultrasurf. First time I'd seen it. I didn't come up w/ a way to defeat it at the edge so I added a reg entry that redirected the output of the exe to NULL. It's a fairly obscure hack; I had been using it to offline malware. I truly thought we were about to exceed the speed of light before I realized C != c. blackarch-linux-live-2020.06.01-x86_64.iso 14.37GB I'm totally outed. Those other IPs in my subnet do like their porn. Well, someone's porn. Given FBI's history of turning imagined non-crimes into press-releasable criminal cases (eg: agency hand-crafted terror plots, CFAA violations), one could easily wind up with two bad guys to deal with. Same here. I torrented a doz distros but only one logged. Nothing I'm seeding shows up. My dynamic IP can go a year w/o changing. I have to re-spoof my MAC when I want a new one. Not minimizing your point but I like the obvious reminder of what's possible. Also, the what-bad-guys-might-do klaxon is a powerful tool, is too often used to restrict everyone's abilities. Whistleblowers who out US Gov wrongdoing, get a different sort of reward from US Gov. Shareholder-style thinking seems at odds with the purpose of government, as it's sole (appropriate) reason for existing is to serve the public. It depends on whose wrongdoing is getting outed. US Gov is fine when the whistle is getting blown on someone else. When US Gov's misdeeds get brought to light, it has no greater purpose than deploying revenge against the whisteblower. The last administration filed more espionage charges against whistleblowers than all previous administrations combined. https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2013/06/edward-snowden-i... I'm been seeing more speeding the last few months (which I am fine with). More recently thought, I've seen more overly-aggressive driving than I'm used to. People are speeding up when someone tries to pass, that sort of thing. I was caught up in a road-rage thing yesterday. As a recovering hothead, I get being on the bad end. When he was tailgating I accelerated where he'd have plenty of room to get by. I kept my cool & didn't react when he break-check'd me. I really was trying to defuse the situation but he couldn't stop escalating it. It's unusual to have it go past the 1st revenge thing, as long as I don't react. Got a call on this a few hours ago. Found the above article & the rollback set us right for now. >Office 365/Click-to-Run-based installations. If you buy your software instead of subscribing to it... I've never been clear on what CtR describes. The first CtR Office was Home & Student 2010, which was a purchase. > there is nothing obvious about what went wrong. It just...closes. Yeah, that's disconcerting from a support standpoint. Fortunately, I was able to remotely load their event logs and get the status code. DDG pointed right to the above article. Rebooting didn't work for us. Rollback did tho. The domain associated with first round of tweets wasn't anonymized. Could be a setup https://twitter.com/jfbsbnix/status/1283487977591767041 Or maybe a dodge https://twitter.com/verretor/status/1283506654521094146 Joe Biden's turn https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1283512317846659073 and Obama https://twitter.com/BarackObama/status/1283515490653147139 I love the internet so much right now. Posts stopped for the other btc address (bc1qxy2kgdygjrsqtzq2n0yrf2493p83kkfjhx0wlh) Here's a tweet from KimKardashian, for a different BTC address (bc1qwr30ddc04zqp878c0evdrqfx564mmf0dy2w39l) https://twitter.com/KimKardashian/status/1283523054874877953 IKR? We expected so much more from anything Kardashian WINterference ! I'd long believed that cognitive issues like autism are on a 2 dimension spectrum and that all of us lie on it. Perhaps something similar applies to the personality disorders. However those disorders tend to overlap; I can't imagine the geometry that might to represent it. Reading thru the posts here, I realize that what we ought to be searching for isn't what makes us smarter but what makes us more able. As a Floridian, I look forward to live viewing death from above, sometime soon. Hurricane season is one of the few things I like about this state - that and the 15 minutes of not-summer. I have to disagree. That giant frame on the bottom looks to be unremovable. We lose that whole half the screen to "HEY LOOK AT THIS". With that is a sticky top that keeps dropping down to cover what little viewing room we have. Maybe I'm missing something but this looks like one of the worst layouts I've ever seen. >I've never seen an example of one Here's most of one, served to Microsoft in 2014 & released in 2017 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/CMSFiles/NationalSecurity--J... > it does look like CF waited until the original SGI patent on the technique ran out. As ever, innovation was brick-walled until IP got out of the way. This is the 3rd DNS related outage I've seen in a week. Frountier Communications lost their DNS. Trying to recall what the 3rd one was. My Unbound resolver round-robins DNS-over-TLS requests, between Cloudflare & Quad9. Cloudflare's outage never impacted us that I could tell. Nevertheless, I am reminded that I ought to add a couple of DoT providers (who aren't Google). Not sure who else came online since I setup. This is terrible to read. It's really frustrating that this sort of corruption isn't interesting enough for news orgs to cover in a meaningful & consistent way. Consider any tangible thing that's wrong with America - shareholders whims are likely to be a part of that equation. This is a state of affairs we need to consider rolling back, not expanding. I'll grant that a speedy misreading of what I wrote could lead someone to a conclusion that was simplistic or even comic. It's been my experience tho that folks on HN tend to carefully consider context and intent - and are less likely to arrive at misguided conclusions. That is a fine thing and I am grateful for it. >the Bible Jesus directly talks about people being in Hell. Jesus talked about people being in Gehenna (burning trash dump outside Jerusalem), Hades (Limbo or Paradise, Sheol in Hebrew) and I think Tartarus (deep pit). Tartarus may be OT only, I can't recall ATM. All those terms, each with it's own intent and meaning, were later rolled into Hell (which received a new meaning, one different from any of the original terms). This was eventually codified during one of the Ecumenical councils (1st council of Nicea?) Adding that FamilySearch hasn't joined the other genealogy sites in their DNA Addictions. & MyHeritage has clearly lost their way. They've all but abandoned their research role (their once-excellent post 1940 records are nearly unsearchable now) to one obsessed with DNA & image gimmickry. > ISPs will decide that buying blocks of IPv4 addresses costs more than providing new customers with IPv6 plus some kind of carrier-grade NAT for legacy IPv4 addresses. This implies an ISP can do math. Frontier acquired lots of IPv4 addresses w/ it's $10B purchase of Verizon assets(in 2015 & $7B in 2010 & 2B of AT&T). Frontier has no plans to ever deploy IPv6. >I don't really think the name matters; Jesus wasn't speaking English. Diction mattered a great deal to Christ. Gehanna (Hebrew: Valley of Hinnom; גיא בן הינום) was a location in Christ's time, that was likely associated with burning, destruction and loss - things that one might be expected to feel in the absence of the Creator. Hades was where all dead went and remained until the day of judgment. Christ's reference to it as Paradise implies it isn't a place of suffering. Catholicism's Limbo implies it is a place of waiting. The modern notion of Hell as a location dedicated to the eternal suffering of man, is quite different from either of those places. >That seems clear enough to me that there's some place (not necessarily a physical place) Did God create this place? factette then. "Dethaw" - to unfreeze something prior to cooking. It's something my ex imprinted on my kids. The court was quick to give me custody, once I brought that up. > it is obviously a stupid word, and that makes it stupider. One might argue that 'stupid' was originally intended to describe a person of low intelligence and because words aren't sentient, it's a misuse of the word. It seems like a stupid argument to make, though. I feel the evolution of language reflects important details about the culture wielding it. I think a strong example is the word 'cult'. It once referred to a small sect or faith - and that's all. Leaders of established sects so often demonized small, competing faiths that cult became redefined to refer to evil and dangerous groups of worshipers. Notably, no other word ever emerged to take it's place. I really wanted a tool to evidence how changes in language reflected changes in society's beliefs. I figured an authoritarian source of English definitions would be that tool but there isn't any such thing.* In the end I had to adopt the more difficult approach of finding examples that my audience could relate with. * (For a time I believed that the Oxford English Dictionary was that source, due to the 60-odd years between the 1st and 2nd editions. I didn't realize tho that supplements were added on an ongoing basis.) For a long time, the high-risk crap-spewing networks tended to be the same bad actors (eg: OVH, Digital Ocean, Psychz). This year though, most of my dodgy SMTP traffic is coming 3 new problem children - Gmail(spam), Amazon(spam, other) and Microsoft Azure(other). "Other" here is anything besides spam, like dictionary attacks, transactionless connections or service probes. Copyright has abandoned any pretext of serving a public interest - it's reason for existing. Want to build a superior search engine? OBEY YOUR FREAKING BOOLEAN OPERATORS (search syntax, whatever) - something Google, DDG, Bing, et al, no longer have any interest in doing. Where does one find that in DDG and Google? > the answer to that shouldn't be to return results that don't even contain the words searched for. This is everything that's wrong with search in a single sentence. > most people don't agree with you. You can certainly target a relatively niche group of power-searchers, but most Google users probably think that the search engine guessing their intent is part of what makes it "good". Translate: Feedback from catering to the least common denominator boosts techie self-esteem. PSA: Similar reasoning is responsible for political ads. Why would you assume only 16 other people have ever had to search for something precise? I think that number is a lot closer to everyone. >he Googled Google to do a Google search. The HN circle is complete "Google’s Top Search Result? Surprise, It’s Google" https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23975001 https://themarkup.org/google-the-giant/2020/07/28/google-sea... I've seen the playback from the camera above and I'm okay with that one. The other one targeting my face? Not so much (tho I'm less bothered, since wearing a mask). >Technological progress has always been a net good (life now is better than it has ever been) Benefits can be imaginary and those don't weigh heavily against the harm being done. Bulk surveillance of people who aren't suspected of a crime, is one example. Sometimes benefits only outweigh harm because the harm is limited - due to push-back (or the threat thereof) from the public. I appreciate it when Earth's Surveillance Capital is brought up as an abject lesson. >If you understood how bad the prescription drug problem was in the United States 'Was' is the key word. The vast bulk of pill mills were shuttered a decade ago. The current prescription drug problem is the steadily increasing difficulty for people in pain to get prescription pain relief. There are multiple issues to choose from here. All 3 of your points lack supporting data. For 1 & 2 specifically; Doctors receive an itemized DEA report each month for each patient who's prescribed controlled substances. The reports contain all controlled meds prescribed to that patient, from every Dr. I saw my first DEA report 20-odd years ago, so they're nothing new. Each report is a tap on the shoulder to remind Dr.s that every controlled prescription they write is being closely monitored. Patients are monitored exactly as closely as Dr.s, they just aren't informed every month. So - the volume of prescriptions inferred by #1 & #2, would immediately attract DEA attention. Both Dr and patient would be in cuffs before drug-seeking patterns had time to develop. What is entirely more likely than 1&2, is that the endless demonization of prescribing opioids - and the continual LEO threats against Dr's who prescribe meds in a way that the DEA doesn't like - is increasingly frightening Dr.s away from treating pain in an effective way. Your #3 contains a number of assertions that would be difficult-to-impossible to prove (or disprove), when strung together like that. I am impressed by the sheer length of that article. It's a reminder that however good I might be at communication, I will never have the full package of skills it takes to write well, day after day. After 40 years I sometimes nail entire paragraphs. I hope to write for slashdot by the time I'm 200. All communication is tough for me. I have to manually assemble the sort of language skills that most folks take for granted. To achieve even basic communication, I have to collect and process huge amounts of social/human data. For speaking, this means composing & practicing entire conversations until I've mastered enough variations that I can sound reasonably natural. With text, I need rewrite my sentences numerous times, before I achieve basic readability between them. However, when I can pull off mundane communication, getting out something that's excellent or interesting is normally ~0 steps further. The article confirms a couple of principles that survived largely intact from my youth. I'm most efficient when I'm 1) in service to someone and 2) prioritizing their needs. This applies to pretty much any interaction with people - but especially to personal relationships like family and parenting. >The news is not information and never has been. Assuming that's true then perhaps we need more journalism & less news. Journalism here being performance of those duties implied by the 1st Amendment's Freedom Of The Press clause. A search that delivers results containing my search term and nothing else is pure genius. It's a wonder major search engines never thought of it. >A private largest yard owner goes to a group of children that have been playing there for years Google isn't an individual but a corporation, an entity that requires Gov permission to exist. So lets change the landowner person to a developer (home builder). The neighborhood is built but the developer still owns the neighborhood's public space. The kids live in the neighborhood. I think that better frames the residents' expectations. Not a perfect analogy yet but we're closing in on it. 0200 to 1000, since picking up insomnia last year. 0200 is if the bye-bye cocktail works. If not it's more like 0500. I adapted to it by shifting my IT work to remote + after hours. Huzzah. I know sportball fans are from all ideologies but even those who are passionate about rights will likely be fine with this - bc sportball. It's hard to conclude anything else - 14yo me was right about people all long. IKR? >Can android, iOS, or an open phone os prevent 2g communication? Some android installs can turn off 2g here: Settings -> Mobile Networks -> Network Mode However - 2G & 3g networks appear to be going away. https://1ot.mobi/resources/blog/a-complete-overview-of-2g-3g... AT&T killed 2g in 2017 https://www.pcmag.com/news/att-kills-2g-cutting-off-original... T-Mobile is in the process of turning off 2g https://www.alarmgrid.com/blog/t-mobile-and-rogers-2g-networ... > I would really encourage journalists to dig more into this company and their products. I guess journalists' disinterest in invasive surveillance is because reporting on it is harder, than reprinting the same 7 headlines as every other news org. It's been a bit better since Edward Snowden dragged news orgs away from authoritarian-friendly journalism and into the surveillance age. However, journalists still seem to do about the bare minimum, while their reporting gives LEO/Gov endless benefit of the doubt. > these stingray devices can MitM your phone by forcing it to send essentially unencrypted messages. Earlier Harris equip did that by forcing 2g mode but 2g is being turned off: https://1ot.mobi/resources/blog/a-complete-overview-of-2g-3g... I'm less familiar with the capabilities of current IMEI catchers tho. > Fund schools. Hire tech capable teachers that care. Funding only works if it's toward this specific end. In a general sense, our problem isn't surveillance but disproportional surveillance. It's generally appropriate for LEO to have access to the same data that all of us do. The problem is when 'privacy' or security laws restrict you and I from data but not the people who regularly exercise their exclusive powers to ruin lives. "Why does anyone need to know" is a restrictive premise. In my experience, what follows it are less rights, less ability, greater compliance & increased malleability (eg: susceptibility to "election meddling"). You've misrepresented my premise by quoting it without the context. Funding incapable teachers can't advance your goal. As long as the plan is "Fund schools." and nothing at all follows the period "." then students will have properly funded incapable teachers. Source: Father to 5, who've attended 25 years of well funded and less funded schools. That's well over 100 teachers I've met with & learned about. Zero teachers understood technology on a level that would enable them to teach the nuances of technology safety. Many (if not most) would have been handicapped by the misunderstandings they held about tech. Also appropriate for the jackwads who compulsively & pointlessly slam on their high-beams, whenever their headlight field captures a pedestrian (who's on the sidewalk, way away from the road). The Astrolux MF01 was all but made for this. https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32976932742.html >as a pedestrian I'd rather have a full beam to the face than think a car might not have seen me, even if I'm safely on the pavement. This sounds suspiciously like "There Are No Bad Safety Measures" How are you at risk from a driver not seeing you, if you aren't anywhere near the road? If a driver has to travel that far off the roadway to reach you, that driver's issue isn't low visibility. PSA: A situation is what it is, not what it could be. Another term for "What It Could Be" is "What It Isn't". These are very good points. Alphaville (circa 2000) forever rules as sim-anarchy's crowning achievement. Without moderation it quickly became saturated with the worst crimes people can come up with. The Alphaville Herald was dedicated to it; the blog continued on for years, after the sim was shut down. This Salon article references the mag https://web.archive.org/web/20040217030353/http://www.salon.... Alphaville is one of my favorite pieces of internet history but it wasn't ever really documented. It's hard to find anything about it now. Nice. Thanks! Those points weigh in favor of someone who thoughtlessly high-beam'd a pedestrian, for the first time - which is reasonable. Also reasonable is considering their actions and realizing they gained no meaningful amount of safety by blinding a pedestrian. If they've blinded countless pedestrians over an extended period, then they aren't considering anything. Inconsiderate people are jackwads. A question from the millions of folks who don't have $50-250/hr (x hr/mo) - could this possibly lead to a genuine chance at therapy? [a] Five therapists offering 2/hrs per week to the community isn't nothing - it is a drop in an ocean of need, however. [b] No. Trying to launch an insurance debate won't help answer this question in a helpful way. Thanks for asking tho. That's probably a sound analysis. Trying to tweet the link gets "We can't complete this request because this link has been identified by Twitter or our partners as being potentially harmful." I'm reasonably ashamed I got as far as tweeting it. I'm going to rethink my life. > I would improve it for new users by having a little animation after load that "wiggles" the handle a bit to get the user's attention. Please don't. It's just one more reason to apply Kill Sticky. Amen. I would kill for this. I keep my own outside lights off, so there's a bit less blindy light pollution on my end of the street. It's the same reason I never report the nearby street lights when they go out. The best outdoor light is less. Kill Sticky kills tons of animations, many unexpectedly. Ultimately, modern animations are just as distracting as animated Gifs were. They're somewhere between an ideal reading experience and wholly unwanted autoplay videos. If autoplay videos are a swarm of angry hornets, animations are summertime gnats. We live with them but they're hardly something we asked for. I've used high lumen, hand-held lights to kill streetlights. I haven't found a spectrum of laser that works, yet. Nice. I've got a red but it's probably too low power. My green and blue are 1W & 3W but they're too low a wavelength. High powered reds are relatively cheap. I'll look into it. You'd think so but how many of those forever looping animations actually need to run for more than a second - any? Tone deaf web design earns my skepticism, pretty much non-stop. I guess it's statically possible he'd be the exception. "Anything that smells like safety automagically justifies the damage it does. Only monsters want less appearance of safety." Employees "are further cautioned never to print or hand out their slides". This inspires a brand new thought; I should find ways to surreptitiously record Google sales meetings. For folks who act a lot differently while inebriated, the accepted belief (way back when) was that alcohol changed their personality. I figured out that the alcohol released the suppression on those personality traits. In my case, it made me quiet (for once). History: Drinker from 8-24. Quit because I started feeling sick from it. That's my history w/ intoxicants in general. Sidebar: I don't care if someone's buzzed. It's just a state, like being tired or caffeinated. However, it seems common for drinkers to have a moment of embarrassment around non-drinkers but I kind of wish they didn't. >censorship but preventing people from spreading lies. Even in the US where people hold free speech as some amazingly virtuous thing there are still curbs on speech There are relatively few constitutional curbs on speech. For example, shouting "Fire" in a crowded theater is legal by default but there are a few exceptions. ref: https://www.popehat.com/2012/09/19/three-generations-of-a-ha... >I'm saying is these limitations can be enforced in WhatsApp. 1) Are you speaking of constitutional curbs on speech (because there aren't many)? Or are you talking about curbing speech that is believed to yield negative outcomes? 2) How, precisely, could these be enforced? I ask because automated moderation at scale is impossible to do responsibly and consistently. This will not change anytime soon. 3) Gates seems to be demonizing encryption. Few options can logically follow that position. Either Gates advocates replacing beneficial (to everyone) encryption with vulnerable (to everyone) encryption or he advocates banning encryption outright. It's difficult to see how either of these outcomes would benefit anyone (other than authoritarian governments and similarly repressive interests). Even if Gates got his way on #3 (make everyone more vulnerable), #2 remains technically impossible. Orou makes sound points. Gates seems to hint that the way to reduce lie-sharing is by eliminating safe encryption (replacing safe encryption with unsafe encryption). This is an inherently dangerous stance (to everyone except repressive authoritarians). I came here to feel sorry for Gates because he is so relentlessly (& unfairly) trashed by antivaxers & similarly grounded individuals. But then he starts demonizing encryption, which requires logic that's nearly as unsound as antivaxism. Harmful positions are even more dangerous, when they're espoused by people who doing otherwise good work (and being attacked for that good work). >Anyone who rigorously follows an ethical framework will eventually be lead to some conclusion(s) they dislike I've fallen into this trap. It led me to realize that, like ideologies, all frameworks are flawed. Assuming otherwise leads to positions that are starved for empathy and compassion - and that are ultimately counterproductive. >Where did he say government should read everyone's private messages? He is demonizing encryption. There are few options that logically follow that stance. > Gates didn't suggest that the messages be sent unencrypted through government-controlled message routers either. Gates attacked encryption. Nothing beneficial (to the public) follows that. >Where did he [attack encryption]? Right here. "And when you have [posts] encrypted, there is no way to know what it is. I personally believe government should not allow those types of lies or fraud or child pornography [to be hidden with encryption like WhatsApp or Facebook Messenger]." Unless you're alleging the stuff in the brackets isn't attributable to Gates and doesn't reflect his position on encryption. >Are you familiar with how much child pornography has ballooned from social media? What does that have to do with encryption? Also, sidebar: Illegal pornography is captured and then hidden in an invisible electronic state, using powerful machines called computers. It's then transported and distributed across vast distances using a network of these powerful machines called "The Internet". Together they're responsible for a bazillion-fold increase of illegal porn. It's imperative that legislation be passed that sabotages the basic functions of computers and renders them ineffective at performing their primary task. > Well they are currently able to scan media and maintain a fingerprint database of illegal content. If it’s encrypted this is not possible right? That’s a serious trade off. No more a trade off than the existence of the internet or computers - which are wholly implicated in encouraging a far worse behavior than the transport of illegal porn. They facilitate it's creation. In this, we have an even more serious trade off. Usernames and passwords are just one "privacy" related item that are transported over networks. Without encryption they are trivially easy to retrieve from any number of points along the network. I've retrieved plaintext usernames/passwords out of network traffic, both intentionally and accidentally as part of larger captures. Encryption ends the ability of countless bad actors to do that. E2E refers to end to end. I imagine he means encryption in transport as opposed to encryption at rest. HTTPS is transport encryption. It's what keeps your bank account info from being intercepted in a usable state. Reduction w/o elimination means weakening encryption. The advantage is that it can be easily broken by those who want to see what's inside. His proposal would allow me (or countless bad actors) to decrypt data captures containing secure traffic, like your bank login. Strong encryption is the minimal method for preventing that. >I mean it was created before internet/computers but sure. My point was that the creation rate of illegal porn exploded because of computers. Your above statement seems dismissive of that. >we can and do scan media to combat that creation, without nuking the internet. Without the ability to scan, the battle seems seriously kneecapped. It isn't and hasn't been. Large tech companies intercept and report billions of images to LEO regularly, which are largely captured before and after transport. Meanwhile, actual police work is what leads police to people who harm children - the importance of which is being increasingly eclipsed by the obsession with safe encryption. Here's the greater point no one is talking about. Reread Gates statements. Illegal porn was practically an aside tossed in at the last minute. His point was lies. Encryption was the enemy because it enabled lies. The difference between Gates and LEO/Politicians? Gates lacks their dishonesty. LEO & pols have a terribly long history of leveraging extreme behavior as justification for increasing LEO/Gov power+budgets, along with a corresponding loss of our civil liberties (which translates to increased Gov/LEO power). re:9/11 All of us remember how tech + new gov powers + gobs of cash were necessary to stop the terrorists (practically in our borders and ready any second to unleash more devastating attacks). Less remembered is how anti-terror Tech/Power/Cash is being used against low-level offenders (eg: Fusion Centers) And sickeningly predictable, anti-terror tech is today being deployed against people who criticize cops (eg: protests) Which is exactly what the history of LEO (Gov,etc) suggested was going to happen (eg: War On Drugs). That same history is now poking at us to realize that we can expect the same from War On Illegal Porn. At least that's something we could learn, if learning from history is something we wanted to do. > Such an off beat example Is that sarcasm? Logging into sites w/ usernames/passwords is literally a thing people do many times a day. That's the opposite of off-beat. >We can still have robust TLS without having e2e encryption that prevents the media servers for scanning for illegal material. End to end encryption is primarily about transport encryption. Scanning for content on media servers strongly suggests you're talking about encryption at rest - a very different application than transport encryption. Source: Day job. Isn't most wealth hoarded in non-currency investments? How might this effect those? I grew up where a nike missile base was built on federal prison land. When I was 10, the base was shut down and the prison took over the buildings, for administrative use. Different agencies occasionally showed up for various kinds of training. Nights and weekend it was all empty except for the occasional patrol truck. That left lots of time for nosing around & sometimes finding cool stuff. Dodging Deputy Dawg was a bonus round (Except for that one time with dogs. Where did they freaking get dogs?). Another bonus was the occasional home visit by an FBI agent (only ever one). I think they spooked me more than police detectives ever did, even tho the agents were probably just tapping my shoulder. Note: Here, "It was a different time" meant I didn't get life-changing punishments/black-marks for my age-impaired ambitions. >when did "saving" become "hoarding"? The systemic vaulting of fungibles (in the amount of scores of multiples beyond reasonable needs) may result in the same outcomes as hoarding does. > Our goal should not be incentivizing people to spend money as quickly as they make it. I think wise societal goals would be those that clearly and consistently lead to increased funds for people in non-upper classes. >the person made a decision and took action, over and over. This is the precursor to successes. It's also the precursor to failures. In my experience, considering success factors in a vacuum leads to skewed conclusions. There's an assumption that "meaningful rewards can be reliably expected to follow worthwhile efforts". That isn't universally true at all. You could append "in cases where efforts aren't negated by uncontrollable forces" to make it truthier. To be helpful to more than a minority, advice-givers ought to be able to answer: "X has been done as prescribed, above and beyond even. Y isn't happening. Now what?" Ah. Trying to leverage a tangent into a tool to invalidate the overall point on a technicality. A bold move. Awesome things happen when copyright isn't in the way. That line is the size of a Venn Diagram intersection. Only that I've seen similar on other sites (carrying Google ads, like very site). It stopped a couple of weeks ago. I thought it might be a cryptohijacker but I dug thru elements, code & did some packet captures. I couldn't spot what the issue was - I couldn't even confirm it was ads. > It wouldn't be surprising if Google de-monetized all sites that allow random users to submit comments. It would indeed be surprising. Also unfortunate and counterproductive. As with many sites that put competent effort into thoughtful moderation, some of Techdirt's best content shows up in article comments. I can't speak to reports but I can testify about server logs. OVH IPs have been a top source of spam and attacks against my (US) ( If a firewall goes offline for 60 seconds, I will get hammered from OVH/DO networks. Not exclusively but they're the standout kings. Just think Psychz networks, but scaled up. I know OVH's size plays into that. But size here is less about the number of net blocks and more about their bureaucratic disinterest in abuse (common to larger hosts, inc hosts I like). There are comparable sized hosts in the US (AWS, Azure) but when it comes to crapty traffic, OVH makes them look small and insignificant[1]. Unlike moderation at scale, known attacks are often qualifiable, detectable patterns. Can we please care enough to notice & maybe eventually, one day interrupt them? [1]disclaimer: Spam from Google/Azure & malicious SMTP traffic from AWS totally dominated the first ½ of this year. IDK why. It's since died off - which differentiates them from OVH/DO. Takeaways: 1) If the NSA interacts with you, you are a victim. It's possible there are no meaningful exceptions to that. 2) The NSA interacts with Americans (not suspected of a crime) as if we were a hostile foreign actor. 3) It is both sound and safe to presume that the IC community has lost it's way. This is true during every administration. It may be somewhat less true, for a time, after a bit of IC wrongdoing is outed. 4) IC chiefs lie to the public to the point where it's unclear if they ever tell a meaningful truth. 5) The National Security portion of NSA's title implies that the interests served by the agency are US Gov's but not the public's. 6) The NSA does not even pretend to defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies [to the Constitution], foreign and domestic; or to bear true faith and allegiance to the same [Constitution]. Florida introduced absentee ballots just after the 2000 election. Since then it's been extensively used by deployed military along with anyone else who wants it. Dozens of general and primary elections later, we can see it didn't put those elections at risk. As a side note, effectively crippling mail-in voting would prohibit many FL elderly (mostly R) from voting. Regarding absentee ballots, all 50 states combined yielded 143 fraud convictions over 20 years. Those numbers are so low that there's not any way to massage them into an actual risk to elections. Source Heritage Foundation https://www.heritage.org/voterfraud FL's extensive and lengthy trial of absentee voting was a success from every angle. The thing one does after completing a wildly successful trial is to roll out the actual program in the manner and degree that it's needed. It is in Florida. Fill out the ballot and mail it in. These are the first pics of the underside I've ever seen. I'd like to see more of the infrastructure. Dude. This isn't complicated. We call them mail-in ballots and absentee ballots, interchangeably. Absentee is an older term and may be falling out of use. Could someone who is more R-Wing than I am, please explain why you have an unshakable preference for fossil fuels? We are zeroing in on free energy from renewables, so it isn't economics - not any longer. With that past us, why do folks on the right even care where we get our energy from? If the argument is jobs - well, that's a weak argument because the only job fields that either party cares about are those that can be leveraged for politics. If the jobs argument includes thwarting disruptive technologies to prop up legacy industries - well, that doesn't sound very Keynesian to me. Even so, I'll accept the jobs argument. I would love to see Appalachian coal regions become a mecca for renewable manufacturing. I'd love to see N.Dakota oil workers own massive energy generating coops (or whatever someone who actually groks energy comes up with). I'd be happy to see my tax dollars fund the heck out that. So whatever your jobs[1] complaint is, assume I accept it and agree to subsidize worthwhile substitutes. Once jobs and economics is off the table, why are you still attached to fossil fuels? [1] Shareholding isn't a job. I can accept that if we include the trend that combinations of renewable tech are clearly closing those gaps. It seems reasonable that policy discussions about future energy should be increasingly dominated by renewables. That the worth of fossil fuels will steadily diminish toward a niche value ought to be a universally accepted understanding. Ten to fifteen years ago, I felt we were, at best, 100 years from minimal fossil fuel use. Today, I think it's 40 years. Note: I'm specifically picking on fossil fuels because I'm still holding out hope for safer, smaller-scale nuclear tech. I can't tell how realistic that is tho. Regarding your observations: They seem to indicate (or at least allow) that there's low-hanging fruit, that we ought to be grabbing now. >It is impossible to actually run a grid off a renewable (esp. Solar) energy power-plant in any stable manner. I agreed with that before Tesla's Big Battery experiment - and that leveraged established tech. I can't wait to see how sodium or one of the other, in-dev materials eventually supplant lithium, on a massive scale. > Renewables don't provide constant power without city-scale energy storage, which doesn't exist (yet) at any reasonable price point. I think that depends on the shape of the infrastructure. Super-dense cities seem like the least accommodating to near-future renewable/storage tech. Suburbs and rural areas seem like a much better fit to deploy the tech as it matures - which is happening fast. >crazy people find the camera. Something attracts them to it They're marginalized most of the time. The camera promises a brief break from that. >Is it "normal" now to go to a place where conspiracy theories suggest the government is keeping alien remains and try to storm its gates? We used to pack a lunch & watch the prison riots in my hometown. It's like that except you can be close to the mayhem. > if you tally up the % of Washington state that 'did a protest' it's a very, very small number That seems to describe every non-local protest - or gathering, for that matter. I'd totally watch PT Barnum's live videos from 1920. It's 1:41 am. I'm back at my 20yo sleep schedule. This is the stupidest mid-life crisis ever. For years and years I got up with my kids at 5am. I was sleep deprived all the time but it was way easier than new-infant world so I felt fortunate-ish. Eventually I ran out of kids. Things went along for a time, mostly normal hours. Then 2am became my new sleeptime. Which was annoying because my bedtime was much earlier. I'm not stressed. I lay there thinking of nothing for hours. Eventually the ability to sleep shows up. I've often tried to walk it back or forward or jump over it & I might score a couple of days of difference than back I go. 2 am. Eh, whatever. It's better than Covid. At the end of the universe, will the remaining stars will be the ones that were traveling the fastest? >Do you mean at the time end, or at the distance end? Time. After entropy has had it's way, might there be some age-deferred stars zooming around? I'd expect geocentrism from local media but not a federal domain. There are numerous bay areas in the US. Maybe drop an SF in that headline NOAA? #4 Transcripts Yeah, I know it's a podcast but not everyone has heaps of alone time. The alternatives are imposing on everyone nearby or earbudding off the listener. Text is polite. Next innovation: Nail non-hand-washers w/ a dye packet on exit. Edge might be better received if it didn't Full-Screen itself over top of everything, after install. I find it easier to kill the process than deal with whatever it's trying to blackmail me into doing. We're suburban/rural. All housing except for an ALF and a mega supermarket 1k ft away. Also bedroom is interior w/o windows, noise resistant. Supermarket's schedule changed with the pandemic. Hum from there should have changed with it. Really interesting line of thought tho. Dark money finishes it's journey in the form of ad buys. That seems to be the point where news orgs lose interest in covering it. Revenge culture permeates every pixel of society. Generally, the bigger or more entrenched the entity (corp, agency), the more hardened is the revenge process. Even questioning whether revenge should be shaping our decisions is likely to be met with a measure of it. This story hints that huge entities aren't just predatory scumbags with consumers but also with each other. I believe this shows how corp execs are surrounded by unethical, profit-driven behavior. That helps shape & reinforce their eat/be eaten world-view, that they then impose on masses of individuals who neither live in their world nor live by their principles. My above view is formed by a couple of things. One is years of providing IT support for a car dealership conglomerate. Every vendor relationship existed to extract cash from the auto-group; that goal shaped and drove the relationship. The services provided were tokens to facilitate that goal. Based on the car dealership world, the lifting-all-boats, capitalist ideals, where profit drives us to better each other is a facade. The reality is that everyone is meat. That non-predators walk into this grinder to buy their transportation feels like cruel, dark humor. The other thing that shapes my view is time I spent integrating new energy tech into mansions. The projects could take months and that led to sometimes candid conversations with the owners. One guy made his billion by baiting VC capital into his company then shuttering his biz after funneling the capital into his family's pockets. The VC firm also went under, with all jobs lost at both businesses. He was especially proud of how he framed one guy on federal charges who thought to bring attention to this. That seemed to be enough to keep regulators at a distance. I don't think capitalism is evil. However, experience is teaching me that insufficiently regulated capitalism is driven by actions that are indistinguishable from evil. Those actions typically leave enormous damage in their wake. I think it was the 3rd one I've ever given. >Manning has done nothing to hold anyone accountable. She stole classified data, haphazardly, and did nothing to ensure its release wouldn't get people killed. Then, she dumped it all to WikiLeaks. She didn't do it to protect anyone or as a whistleblower. I'm unclear why the challenges with the Manning release begin with the 22yo w/o enough experience to make better judgments and not the scores of military and political careerists who created, enabled and hid the atrocities. At the beginning there's more people walking and hanging out, than I'm used to seeing (in a sparsely developed area). If it were post WWII US, I wouldn't expect to see anyone outside all day. >What's with people calling cities and towns in foreign countries villages? I dunno. Why do we call them neighborhoods when hardly anyone knows their neighbors? I hate the world in which my own Gov is the nation state I need to fear. What's super awesome is nearly every US voter (including the ones reading this) will vote for the jackwads that enable and fund bulk surveillance abuses like this. In and outside the US, non US citizens serve as a proving ground, for tech that US Gov will eventually deploy against it's own citizens. US Gov does this because it can, because news orgs are more interested in sportball, because both parties have successfully set citizens at each other throats for decades and because the public keeps gorging on whatever fear-filled plate of nonsense is put in front of us. Ten years from now, an entirely new regime of surveillance abuses will be added to those already deployed against us. More than any other reason, this will happen because we endlessly reelect the people who are ultimately responsible. We could do better. We tend to marry the person who is willing to marry us. Big Content can buy anything with campaign contributions, even police forces (to go with ever-racheting copyright laws). > there's socialized food for those in need, in the form of food banks and SNAP. No there isn't. That is, the places that tend to have usable, subsidized healthcare for the poor are the same places that tend to have subsidized food for the poor. Likewise for those that don't. Source: Years with freq periods of little/no food (and 5 kids). You might have just described an election. >A lot of it simply comes down to how much you want government to police behavior. Individual behavior: As little as is demonstrably necessary. Corporate behavior: Every bit that shapes capitalism into being benign & overtly beneficial - including police intervention for those on the receiving end of law-changing campaign donations. I and my customers all have symmetric FTTH. When I'm copying a file from me to me (working remotely), I use a VPN. These are usually .vhdx files, ranging from 6GB to 300GB. I copy them to here for troubleshooting, then I send them back. When I want to make something large available to someone else, I post it on my local webserver. It points to an NAS on my LAN; anyone in the house can just drop whatever on it and hand out a link. > Get your checkups so you have a chance to catch the freak issues early. Or pay rent. Either one is good. That is an excellent synopsis of the ACA. sidebar: In 1991 we birthed a child at home and the absolute total was around $3500. It was all out of pocket. At the time, insurance would not cover midwives, nevertheless a home birth. > The ACA also ads out of pocket maximums. They might still be high enough to cause problems for some people, but it’s a lot better than it used to be. That's pretty dismissive of reality. A more lifelike portrayal is that ACA co-pays/deductibles resulted in wholly unusable insurance for millions of economically vulnerable Americans. We birthed at home (& later at birthing centers) so my wife could be appropriately in control. She's a chemical sensitive. Staying out of a hospital was the only way to keep some rando hospital staffer caked in perfume (or Tide) from walking in & triggering an 8 hour migraine. There's a lot of factors that go into the decision making. I don't want to speculate on their birth team - our midwives only accepted the lowest risk mothers. For our first birth, a hospital would have been a terrible, terrible option. By the time of our 4th birth (10y later, twins), hospital birthing environments had vastly improved. Our OB/GYNs practice was 100% women w/ midwives on staff. The only thing we missed was having a doula. Whenever news org echo dire Gov warnings [1] without vetting the evidence (or highlighting the lack thereof) & [2] without the context of how often these turn out to be true/false they're part of the FUD Generation Machine >I don't think you realize how quickly and universally the people of Pasco county will praise the sheriff for protecting good people from methheads, criminals, and white trash. Pasco's demographic is heavily retiree and red voting - especially on the west side, where Nocco is based. I can affirm that is how our voting blocs think. Of note, we're also one of the whitest counties in America. source: 30 year Pasco resident There's a question of who knew this was going on. I'm a 30y Pasco resident and (historically) a Nocco apologist. I'm also consistently critical of police mistreatment of citizens and have often exampled Nocco as an example of a better-sherrif-than-most. You can imagine my feelings as I'm sorting thru this TBT article. I have 2 things to bring up. First is that Nocco replaced Bob White, who unexpectedly retired mid-term. White was a awful sheriff, obsessed with budgets. He fired older experienced officers (& was sued), replacing them with fresh academy graduates. The result was terrible deputy judgment for complex situations & officers shaking with rage during totally routine traffic stops. I suspect White was forced out of office. At least I hope that's how it happened. Under Nocco's tenure all of that got better. In the first 6 months he twice returned sizable funds to the county. There were a handful of actions he took that I held up as an example of what a good sheriff might look like (in contrast to Grady Judd, in nearby Polk county). I strongly believe the path to better police lies thru better police chiefs. Nocco's tenure likely helped me form that opinion. He made bad choices as well but my overall assessment was positive. -- Have to run out. I'll be back to append my 2nd point. > I'll be back to append my 2nd point. My 2nd point is that Nocco must have worked at hiding this predictive policing program from us. I've never heard a word about it. The PCSO is a mid sized police dept & it's common for locals to know any number of deputies and staff there. I worked in law for 2 years right by the PSCO West Op Ctr and I never caught wind of the program. There is one county commissioner I trust and I'm more than a little curious if that person knew. To my point: Nocco did not proactively disclose this to the community. Beyond that, it's likely he fought to conceal it's existence. Purposefully hiding this ethically questionable program (for years) is beyond unacceptable; it's a betrayal. And the program itself is a soft model of what's wrong with American policing. Segmenting the population into friends and enemies is a profoundly dark and dangerous mindset to adopt. In no way is this okay for us. Which ultimately leaves me with a quandary. If Nocco every runs up against a R challenger, there's a strong chance that his opponent will be groomed & wholly owned by shady local political/business interests. I've seen a previous sheriff act as a defacto arm of local businesses. I even once had a client who had influence in that sheriff's dept. I'm not aware of any corrupt behavior but the obviousness of the influence was unsettling. More recently, there has been an overt attempt to replace an ethical elected official with a groomed, inexperienced lackey. It was an unsuccessful attempt, thankfully, but it shows that that both the machinery and desire are in place. I could wind up with a choice to vote for Nocco or the local chamber's sock puppet. At the moment, I'm not clear what I'd do. I have 5 18-29 year olds and cannot envision a scenario where anyone in my region could wholly support themselves, using nothing but their k-12 education (eg: no family connections). Worse is that the above is largely true for most students wrapping up trade schools and 2-4yr degrees. I hope that people working on 8+ year degrees have the insider connections to help them find gainful work - but IDK how realistic that is. This isn't some recent covid thing; this goes back to at least the 2008 crash. I have 5 18-29 year olds living with me. Here's what we've learned. Few companies will talk to you without a job history. Of those, ~0 will hire you, if you lack average-to-above-average interview talent. For the vast bulk of entry level jobs, hiring is done via web portal. Once you've applied, you've applied. Try again a year later and they'll tell you that you've already applied[1]. In most of the US, you can't reliably get to work without a vehicle. You can't afford a vehicle (+ $300/mo insurance) without saving up months worth of income. If you have any physical limitation of any kind, just keep multipling the above difficulties, until you reach your actual reality. If you have a family member with limitations (eg: mental illness), you probably ought to multiply as well. [1] This held solid from well before 2010 until a few years ago. I've heard some portals now allow reapplying, eventually. I haven't confirmed that tho. Averaged sized US home is 1760 sq ft. In my market it's smaller. Sub 1000 is common for detached. ref: https://www.homes.com/blog/2018/10/states-with-the-largest-a... Your assessment was thoughtful, reasonable - and hammered with downvotes. I'm sensing a pattern where it's the well-expressed concerns with authoritarianism that are getting dogpiled. I think this article bolsters his point that Reason is trending toward authoritarian efforts. A quick look-up of the article's author shows her media appearances tend to be on authoritarian media outlets. She also has some history of trying to raise hostility against reform movements (eg: MeNeither's support of sex predators). Your article seems to indicate that new homes are so large that they're inflating the (new home only) average. However, that's easier to do during a long period of reduced new housing starts.[1] What we have is a smaller number of super-homes, being built for a limited clientele. That doesn't translate into a larger home available to most Americans. I believe what best reflects our actual choices is our actual choices - which is average home size. [1] https://tradingeconomics.com/united-states/housing-starts >Trending towards authoritarianism? It seems like the article is reasonably accurate You seem to have taken an observation of authoritarianism as a de-facto challenge to the accuracy of the reporting. That's an interesting thing to do. I agree with all of that and even though one team is currently (way) more overt, this is an old arms-race dynamic. It subsists by one side always fueling the other. Journalism's duty (implied by the press' constitutional protections) is to hold the powerful accountable. > if this article is to be believed: it is the alleged “underdog” that is attempting to suppress journalistic freedom (through intimidation) to control the news narrative. Consider the source. She has some history of standing against reform movements. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nancy_Rommelmann##MeNeither I have a theory that when news orgs nurture soft authoritarians (Bush/Patriot Act, Obama/espionage charges for whistleblowers) their weakened journalistic instincts leave a vacuum that's easy for harder line authoritarians to fill. That's what I believed happened in the US. I wonder if a similar process happened in Belarus. Authoritarian propaganda alleges that journalists are fabricating news. I'm not alleging fraud but neglect and passive collusion. That is, journalists are allowing certain US Gov misdeeds to go largely unreported while amplifying US Gov voices w/o ever vetting if official claims are true. > Curious why the onus is on journalists and not complacent political parties or branches/members of government. It's because the primary power to oust corrupt officials rests with the public. Likewise for the power to push broad policy change. US Gov agencies have been accumulating inappropriate power and commit atrocities (esp post 2001), largely w/o any pushback or coverage from news orgs. It hasn't been zero coverage. For example, Edward Snowden dragged reluctant news outlets into doing their jobs for a little while. But the vast, vast bulk of Gov misdeeds that are right out in the open, rarely get even a nod - while a small selection of stories get huge parallel coverage, from coast to coast. Are you alleging that Belarus isn't experiencing a meaningful change in policy direction? >A lot of misdeeds are documented but nobody is really outraged by them ... the reporting is there. I'd like to rephrase your assertion, to bring it more in line with reality: A minuscule percentage of known US Gov misdeeds get reported, generally as a one-off novelty. The story then becomes so forgotten that it doesn't even get referenced for context in any future reporting. Meanwhile top Gov officials get miles of free press time to make headline-grabbing claims, that have no meaningful truth. Because zero independent experts are EVER consulted, the official never gets challenged. Dozens of actual experts reach out to set the record straight - which has no effect at all on present or future reporting. Free of any press oversight at all, the official is free to continue to make patently false claims, pretty much for the duration of his tenure. He'll then revolving-door to the private sector & get invited onto news segments as a guest expert, to vouch for whatever Gov claim needs an instant witness. This reminds me of local retirees who are resentful that their taxes are paying for public schools. They seem to have forgotten that someone paid for them to attend school. Regarding parental time off, it's conceivable that their own parents never had that support. Maternal/parental leave is taking decades to roll out - perhaps as long as it took for public schooling to become universally available. >education costs have skyrocketed since they went to school Going back 70 years, you could say that about most large scale services. >It's simply depressing how parent/kid-hostile society has become... I think the Pet Parent thing is part of that, albeit w/ a positive vibe. I just found it odd that people suddenly started giving birth to animals and that no one found that noteworthy. That's a brilliant point. >This reminds me of mandatory leave for male parents after childbirth. A pretty dang important thing. For my 5 sons, I did the vast bulk of changing diapers, feeding, cleaning & the rest of it. >Women will stop producing because of childbirth, so let’s screw everybody over Women don't stop producing. Day to day, they're more likely to out-produce the men in their lives. Anyone who's in their shadow and somehow feeling screwed-over is in deep need of a perspective adjustment. Medicare is one of our largest, non-discretionary outlays. As am I. Women are forever pulling ½ our load. [edit: moved my root post here, because you are dead on] (re)Publishing statements from police/Gov/bigcorp - verbatim & w/o vetting for accuracy or context - is a scourge in local news rooms. Bigger news orgs are absolutely guilty of this but I can pick up any local paper, anywhere/any day, and find an example. It's pretty discouraging. Charlie Reese was our county commissioner (lifetimes ago) and afterward he wrote a local column for years (eventually syndicated by King). That man went after everyone with equal ferocity; no favorites. He often tore apart pols I supported & when he did, I paid attention. I've never instinctively trusted another journalist, like I did him. I believe the $6.4T doesn't include the >$1T spent domestically on security theater (TSA), NatSec tech used for low level crimes (eg: Fusion Centers) and bulk surveillance of Americans not suspected of a crime. Of note is that Sept 11 was an extreme, one-off outlier. From 1975 to today, the US has been at historically low-levels of domestic terrorism. Five years prior (in 1970), the US reported 400 domestic terror attacks/year [1]. In 1971, the Pentagon Papers leak exposed massive & systemic FBI wrongdoing. Afterward, the agency was reformed and re-tasked into a law enforcement mission (until 2012). By 1975, domestic terrorism had sharply fallen & has remained at that low level since. [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2013/09/11/nine-... [orig data source: Rand Corp] Keith Alexander was great. He was my goto example of how every PotUS puts scumbags (exclusively) in charge of IC and LEO agencies. Every president betrays us here. Every damn one. Not if you have an ISP, that won't ever support IPv6. There are a lot of us (in the US) in that boat. It's hard to play with unavailable tech. edit: removed stuff about Push via SIP, that might be too incorrect to be helpful. Also removed some pondering about trying msg.exe over IPv6. I was probably fishing for trouble there. I've never been much of a gamer. Dune II was one of the few games I ever really bit into. I played it more than anything else. Honestly, it was like "Okay. I completed the Gaming Experience. Enjoyed that. What else does life have?" > if the site wishes to moderate comments for some reason, they could be held liable for comments that stay up but are problematic (libelous etc.). So without section 230, a site would be in a catch-22. Section 230 continuing to exist avoids this problem. You have this exactly right. It's a fairly straightforward law. It's kind of bizarre how far people (especially journalists!) misunderstand it. I didn't mean to throw shade on gaming. I meant to say that my Dune II plays were so satisfying, my gaming void was filled. I never enjoyed later games as much & eventually moved on from gaming. sidebar: I ran a Minecraft server for 4 years but that wasn't gaming so much as it was responsibility. They're not. Over 10 years, our ISPs went from "imminent deployment" to "looking into it" to "what is IPv6?". In 2030 we won't have native IPv6 and it won't be on the drawing board. > Maybe people don't want those houses It's not clear what kind of houses you are envisioning. Go to Zillow or Hotpads (rentals) & search for less prestigious homes. You still don't get places that can be afforded with a HS Graduate income. tl;dr: People can't move out in their 20s because of math. > Pretty much everyone I know is being priced out of market in the Tampa bay area. Rents in the neighboring counties have been climbing steeply for years. If you were looking at an $850/mo property in 2012, expect to pay about $1500/mo for the same place now. source: 30 year Tampa area resident > Ok so the change from a decade or two ago is that young people want to live in places they can't afford. It's their own fault for not living where HS graduates can afford - a tent on someone's unmaintained property. There are 5 18-29-year-olds in this house (plus myself). Here's what we learned. Very, very few companies will consider an applicant without a job history. Felons tend to have easier time finding employment than HS Graduates. Which companies hire w/o job history? Applicants don't know. It's not like companies advertise their hiring bias. Sometimes word of mouth may lead you to a reasonable employer - in which case the applicant can expect to compete against countless other applicants, for the one available position. This is reality. Part of it anyway. The rest isn't any better. First bicycle lesson for kids here is to ride on the sidewalk. The other options just invite broken bones and head trauma. I've always wanted a comprehensive entity guide, broken down by drug type. With that we could schedule PPV events like Mescalito vs ShadowPerson cagematches. I have one son who took 4 years to score a job. In between applying to every local job listing, he also walked door-to-door trying to find an unadvertised position (which didn't work out). He had state food prep certifications. The ALF who eventually hired him got a worker who's on time every day, easy to get on with & does his job with consistency and competence. >In NYC, any bicyclist over 12 years old or with wheels over 26" is required to ride in the street. Here, that's a good way to die. We can say that because bicyclists are regularly run down. Pedestrians too. It's the natural outcome when you densely pack retirees with drive thru pharmacies/liquor stores. It'd be considerate if they wore name tags. A brief bio would be nice too. > We have some major updates in the works. Will one of those updates be the ability to export domains & expiration dates, from the dashboard? If so, then say so; otherwise your response feels, well, dodgy. If not, why are you mentioning them in response to offmycloud's issue? Past that, we appreciate your time here. disclosure: I'm a 15 year Namecheap customer I've been super happy with Namecheap's domain services. After 15 years, I've no plans to go anywhere else. I've been less happy with Namecheap's abuse responses, unfortunately. I quit trying to report NC registered domains (or NC hosting), that were being used for clearly malicious activity. Good on you for framing this in a realistic way. Windows 10 The author seems to exist in a permanent state of enthusiasm, for mega corps and their corpy things. https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffcm&q=Justin+Bariso Just an observation. This would be a more persuasive argument if graduates weren't faced with an entire horizon of corporations, that aren't very interested in candidates w/o job experience. Took adderall for 15 years but my Dr retired. I can't afford another so am experimenting with nootropics. To stretch out my dwindling supply, I'm alternating Phenylpiracetam & Adrafinil (and occasionally Modofinil). Some days I supplement with L-Theanine. I've done well with fasoracetam too but I haven't restocked. In the evenings I take Kratom. Also, Phenibut but max is 2x/wk on that. I haven't tried that one. What's it do for you? I never built up any tolerance. Over the years I even dropped the dose from 30mg x2/day to 20mg x1/day. It's difficult to get justice when ISP lobbyists literally write the laws that govern their industry. ref: https://duckduckgo.com/?t=ffnt&q=site%3Atechdirt.com+isp+lob... Politicians trade campaign cash for law & services, every moment of every day. Voters don't think much about it because news orgs aren't very interested in covering bribery. Regarding conflict of interest: There's nearly zero discussion about where campaign finds finally end up. Those billions are firehosed to the parent corps of news orgs, in the form of campaign ad buys. To restate the above, politicians are funding the news orgs that cover their campaigns. As usual for Section 230 stuff, Mike Mansick at Techdirt has the thoughtful, sourced analysis - including all the players and a history of their past actions https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20200921/22345845352/trump... I am impressed with how far off-base your analysis is. I mean, I'm struggling to frame the state of mind where someone might assemble those conclusions. Techdirt's headlines reflect exactly what's in the article. Instead of click-baity, a reasonable person might call that accurate. Mike Mansick's coverage of complex legal articles is extraordinarily good. He's one of a small number of journalists who make complex legal understandable without butchering or omitting relevant details. As for the Daily Outrage, well, okay. Techdirt covers outrageous behavior. TDA is a little simplistic but it's not off base. A relevant side note: I've been calling out biased reporting for 30 years. Not because it makes my bad team look bad but because addressing bad behavior unequally provides nurturing spaces for it to thrive. Techdirt is one of the few publications that consistently called out bad behavior by the Obama administration - sometimes it was the ONLY publication doing so. I didn't want to see Obama vilified or lionized. I wanted corruption outed and problems fixed and I really don't give a damn who the PotUS is. Feel free to respond here with other news publications that don't change their national coverage methods, depending on who's holding the White House. If I understand correctly: We may get a revolutionary dental treatment that will become available years after I die, for about the cost of a new car. >Does it say anything about the cost or the timeline? Nope. I'm anecdotally basing it on past medical-study-to-realization timelines, which typically last decades-to-never >Either you don’t have much longer left to live I don't know how much longer I have to live. > it’s 20/30+ years away according to you? 30+ years is a reasonable estimate. Never is another one. (Not singling you out here) It's a bit unsettling to limit the risk discussions to death rates. It feels like no one is compiling stats on people who are exiting Covid with new, life altering disabilities. Having a preferred stat to wave around is certainly one advantage of front-loading Covid death stats with the negligibly infected. Absolutely. Waiting for evidence is what one does when stats aren't being compiled. In 2020, the best application of the Beatles catalog would be a preschool songbook. Fight me. I could challenge the integrity of all 3 lists by noting the absence of Frank Zappa. Past that there are a lot of labels that seem overlooked - 4AD and Hyperium Records come to mind. Off the top of your head, do you recall any stories of "I had a bad case of Covid and am 100% now"? I think there is an assumption that if you contract something that puts people in the ICU, you should expect your life to be permanently altered by it. I suspect that assumption is helping mute attempts to collect and quantify that data. Calcifediol doesn't seem readily available for consumer purchase. Because of that, this sort of feels like "Vitamin D could save people[1] from the worst of Covid! [1]Healthcare Wealthy Only" Corrections welcome. I went to church (5yr ago) with a guy who was a VP in their corporate division. There was a decent detection software that they had bought up years before (Asomething) that they bundled into their edge product. That product apparently generated a lot of income. It's been 20 years since I vowed to uninstall McAfee (& Symantec) software from every computer I could. I've been pretty consistent at keeping that promise. Probably 1k+ uninstalls. We're running out of things that the police won't leverage against the public. I was wondering about all of that. Appreciate the clarification. As a mailserver owner, spam is the first thing that comes to my mind when someone says digitalocean. Malicious bots would be 2nd. I've never learned why DO is a malicious traffic leader. Maybe they're competing with OVH to be the next MCColo. Well, you aren't wrong. ICE succumbs to ambitions to be Team America World Police Working link: https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/swearing-parrots-moved-pa... Sex aside (like that's an option you're given) most guys are compulsive about trying equate their experience with yours. That's actually a human thing (now I'm equating and I threw in an 'actually') but it's so, so, so, much more ubiquitous with guys+internet. The steps between me doing that by default and sometimes not doing that - well, it was a lot of steps. Or time. Something. I'm a slow learn so I have to grind away at things repeatedly before I really get a handle. My working theory is that abuse damages (and neglect stunts) the reward system and we interpret that as ADHD (as good a moniker as any). Whereas people typically experience micro-rewards during the learning process, for people with ADHD, the reward response is too insufficient to reinforce learning. Without a proper reward system, a healthy learning system can't develop properly. Some people firehose Will at the problem which may overcome an occasional challenge. That bandaid isn't sustainable, however. I got like that on Ritalin & quit stims for 10 years. After that 10, I tried amphetamine which blew holes in my persistent brain fog. I went on Adderall and (as we've often heard) it changed my life. I'm not advocating you change a regimen that is obviously working for you. I'm just adding another possible plotline to that same story. I had some initial freakout when some bad patterns started reemerging. It took time to learn how to accept & adapt to the changed mindset. I eventually learned to redirect myself - which Adderall enabled me to do. The first step was qualifying my own good and bad behaviors. It took time to deepen the reward association with beneficial behaviors. That helped me redirect away from counterproductive behaviors - not just revived behaviors but also the persistent ones. Making progress on those was huge. During this process, the messy, euphoric edges smoothed themselves out. I never had to address it directly. About 6 months in I came to the conclusion that I really would have benefited from a therapeutic guide, someone who was familiar with this specific experience. I'm not sure there is anyone like that out there. With rare exceptions, police are strongly addictive personalities. There's no bit of power over the public that cops can use in a reliably responsible way. Surveillance & control are drugs, ones that they are not capable of putting down. It's Gonna Rain (referenced in article) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vugqRAX7xQE Me: Into Eno in 85, never came back. sidebar: I'd wager the Bull of Heaven guys read this article I was wondering the same thing. Perhaps time isn't a paint smear but a shockwave in a sphere. It could be that the determinism exists outside where we're observing. Also it might not be a given that events unfold in the same order, in each iteration. Unlike FBI's history - where agents handcraft a terror plot while carefully leading around bozos who can barely sound out their own name - this appears to be the real deal. Militia members are alleged to have concocted the scheme on their own, including planning to "target Whitmer’s home" and "detonating explosive devices to divert police from the area of the home and Fox [militia member] even inspected the underside of a Michigan highway bridge for places to seat an explosive" "the 4000 is back in a limited edition of 95 units" Just 95 units is like resurrecting someone into a persistent vegetative state. It is my experience that the people who are most susceptible to misinformation are the same ones who where uninterested in valid info about Gov wrongdoing. New headline: Reuters accepts - without any evidence at all - UK Parliament's accusations of Huawei collusion. Could Huawei be colluding? Absolutely. They might also not be. We simply don't know because UK Gov offers no evidence. Given how western agencies that source these kinds of allegations, also have long histories of bald-faced lying to the public, it's wholly unreasonable to trust them by default. Your premise that we should rely on China to compensate for allied Govs' lack of transparency is an interesting one. That's not necessarily true. UK MPs and LEO/IC agencies have shown themselves perfectly capable of public deceit and corruption, in the interest of expanding agency power and budgets. >Reuters doesn't 'accept' the allegations, it's merely reporting on them: What does that even mean? They clearly accepted the allegations into their reporting. You can evidence this for yourself by reading the article. Legislatures are not independent bodies; 5-eyes member legislatures in particular. They are self-interested, self-serving, political entities with long histories of deceiving the public - especially regarding matters spun as national security - in order to advance their own interests. This self-serving body, Parliament, self-published their allegations. Their message was readily available to the public. Zero news orgs were required to complete that task. That done, Reuters opted to insert itself into the process, to the end of amplifying UK Govs' narrative. Assuming Reuters has at least minimal competency, they are painflly aware that MPs frequently lie and mislead the public about national security matters - often by parroting carefully crafted IC/LEO messages. Given the source's nearly unbroken history of lying and misleading the public, choosing to "merely report" without any effort to protect the public from a high likelyhood of false information doesn't even rise to the level of neglect. Willful collusion might be a better description - which, btw, is the same misdeed that Parliament is accusing Huawei of. More engagement is terrific but my written output is 90% less; there's not a lot I'm going to be engaged about. This perfectly describes my writing experience. Had keyboards not come along, I'd of gone to my grave having had almost no textual interaction at all. > Making something take longer/be harder is a common trick to help you learn something. Honestly, this also describes gaslighting. Creating artificial barriers of discouragement is a terrible learning method for me. I don't understand why this was downvoted. Consistent, quality content moderation at scale is impossible > There's often no way of knowing whether the lecture is being given by a college physics professor or a 9/11 truther, except by examining the contents Exactly this. Your points about extremist content stand as well. We've countless examples of NGOs that fight extremism, that get their content taken down due to algorithmic monitoring. AI aren't capable of this sort of nuanced decision making and there is no evidence that they're going to be capable in the near future. The only method to achieve consistent, quality content monitoring involves human eyes backed by qualified human judgment. A free flow of information is a net good - by default. From this point, publicly visible information that consistently shows to be counterproductive could be reasonably restricted from the highest volume platforms. 1 zillion loopholes ought to be enough for anyone. The war on free speech continues apace. As ever, if there's anything both parties agree on it's screwing the public. Even Trump and Biden are united in gutting the one law, that is uniquely responsible for the proliferation of the open internet. Article 1 Clause 3 requires enumeration of all free persons. Poor white people aren't likely to have an undocumented - person of color - living in their household. I've known a number of local households that had undocumented Canadians, Brits and Germans. It's been my experience that Americans who are hyper-concerned with illegal immigration, aren't grinding their teeth over these nationalities. It's long been maddening to me that the only place that doesn't have an option to paste plain text is the only place I need it - Gmail. He tossed ballots but not political spam? Mean heaped upon mean. I didn't know that. I've only used shift-ins. Yes. I could finally start a failed interlock story blog. It's awesome what happens in the absence of laws written by ISP lobbyists & passed by their purchased legislators. Let's consider this conversely. Do you feel that the tone, tenor and actions (of immigration resistance) would be different, in any way, if Euro descendants made up 95% of immigrants? Noting here that it worked in Firefox 82 (Gmail). >when you perform a Google search you're given worse results than you deserve. This may be the most relevant synopsis of Google search, that has ever been crafted. Windows doesn't bypass 3rd party firewalls. It seems a top cause of drive failure is affixing the word "Seagate" to the drive. It's comforting that some things are consistent between the enterprise and consumer worlds. I remember mid 1990's announcements from Intel's research partnership group that non-volatile flash ram drives were about to roll out to the consumer market. By late 1990s the press releases dropped off and the idea of consumers running solid state drives went pOoF! for another decade. None of what you've posted has anything to do with firewalls, 3rd party or otherwise. Similarly, bypassing the Hosts file is strictly a DNS resolution issue and - again - has nothing to do with firewalls. Please feel free to post info about actual firewalls, info that isn't about DNS/Hosts. Honestly, having Chrome purposefully cripple uBlock origin protections "for my safety", feels a lot more like gaslighting, than anything Mozilla is being accused of here. I'm not getting may anti-adblock behavior with Ffx 82 & uBO. What browser are you running? I was translating 'direct line of sight' as 'parallel enough to our ecliptic plane to see the Earth occluding the Sun'. > Every star within 1000 light years is in a direct line of sight to every other star. There could be space crap in between. - Of course I just realized something obvious. Along our PotE lies most of our solar system debris. Shouldn't that be obstructing alien views? Excepting highly tilted orbits or unusually clean solar systems, how are we seeing exoplanets at all? Is there a sweet spot, just a bit above the plane, where observable solar occlusion still occurs? I'm recently (as in last night) starting to question the likelihood of life forming at all. I'm wondering how well we've nailed-down just what life is and how well we grok it's origination process. Cursory reading suggests we're still working from educated theory. My concern is that remoting may be responsible for the unexpected increase in housing prices. Areas that were borderline unaffordable before the pandemic have skyrocketed in the last 6 months. Rents and housing prices both just leaped out of range. > These takes remind me of the people who voted for Jill Stein in 2016. Well, if I clicked on Download Firefox & got Chrome instead, then yeah. The one that gets me most is: 6 September: Sterling Magee, Blues musician known as "Mister Satan", part of the duo Satan and Adam Before 1980, left wing groups were responsible for most US domestic terror attacks. After the Pentagon Papers hit in 1971, the FBI transitioned away from bulk domestic surveillance & toward law enforcement. By 1975, domestic attacks were down to a single digit percentage of 1970 levels. US right wing groups have mostly dominated FBI's terror stats since 1990 (unsure if before). I tend to omit the perps who were clearly mentally ill and FBI's handcrafted terror plots. While that doesn't change the numbers overly much, it does help clarify the actuality. sidebar: Trying to make the case that only LW or RW stats matter seems especially dumb to me. History and reality are what they are. other sidebar: It's been a decade since FBI (literally) officially abandoned it's law enforcement mandate, to pursue the perks that come with a national security mission. It doesn't seemed to have made us any safer. I had a friend who was at the Hanoi Hilton for nearly 6 years and did a stretch at The Zoo. The Chinese & Vietnamese operate from the same torture book. Was the UN ever unified against CIA torture policies? I don't recall. It may be that the UN is strongly reluctant to call out abominations by superpowers. > Pay your taxes so that your military can keep an eye on the jackwads who do this My taxes have frequently paid for US Gov led torture. If we ever hold China accountable in a meaningful way, it won't be due to authentic moral outrage. Inventing your own question and then answering that was an interesting thing to do. I didn't make an analogy. I asked a straightforward question. I'm unclear why you or anyone else might be creating analogies in your heads. It's even less clear why you want me to have made them. I have a local DNS server that forwards over TLS (DoT) to Cloudflare & Quad9, round-robin. Page alternately returns WOODYNET @ rrdns.pch.net and CLOUDFLARENET. I like the pch.net info - it's something about Quad9 I didn't know. Very nice. I don't think I've used them before. I will consider talking to my computer when my computer is the only one that would hear me. I also never talk to my phone. On the other hand, there are many Americans who don't wait for China to lead their way. > Can lab-grown brains become conscious? This is about as horrific a future as I can imagine. Humanity's worst possible achievement would be the ability to sustain and manipulate a brain, outside of a body. >"In order to ensure that customers can shop with confidence on Amazon, we take 'inauthentic' complaints seriously," >That inventory was everything I had. Amazon ruined my life, and I did nothing wrong This is what a perfect win for IP maximalists looks like - an automated ruination of lives, whenever IP seems to be disrespected. I've front-loaded my horror fantasy with tech that can communicate with the helpless brain. I never read that particular Ellison piece. I figure this is one of those universal "What's the worst thing I can think of" tropes. The scenario is being a brain in the hands of someone in power, who doesn't like you. The best thing about earlier generations is they eventually die off. I'm surprised he's dumping the domain. Let me guess who would ultimately pay a fine like that. Anyone except shareholders and the people responsible. In the 2016 election, I would have voted for anyone who promised to stop screwing with the clocks. Perhaps in places that have winter. Florida's 4 seasons are summer (13 months), not summer (13 min), wildfire and hurricane. Hurricane is usually the best of the lot. I'm surprised how much 1970s news is hard to find references to. The 1978 Tractorcade remained forgotten until just a few years ago. There's still not much on the US domestic terror attacks (100s/yr), during the early 1970s. That one has a vibe, as if no one wants to discuss it. I adore alternative history. In vid form, there's never been more of it. Better still, it's being infused with the superior storytelling & production that's marked the last 10 years or so. Movies/shows are finally living up to the hype of the last 50 years. > It's very important that we keep Huawei out of our 5G networks! Huawei isn't working on behalf of a Gov that can imprison me for exposing it's wrongdoing. NSA is. >As a non-US citizen, how can I be sure that all non-Huawei equipment is free of back doors, data-exfiltration and forwarding capabilities excluding the lawful interception feature set? Packet capture from the edge is where I'd start. Website that wastes a third of the reading area to logo+menu is less likely to be read I feel this adds to the generational abuse picture - where bullies can pick up on the signals from a child who has been mistreated. The result is that both bullies and earlier abusers work together, to shape a persistent state of helplessness within the child. Is your supposition that abuse fosters anti-authoritarianism? If so, I think what doesn't clearly fit is this: Lasting suspicion of authority tends to be born from logic. However, abuse breaks judgment. It could be that the process of overcoming victimhood makes one more skeptical of authority. Because therapy isn't in reach of everyone, my method of handling this scenario was this: My challenge was that I was disconnected from the consequences of lashing out. I had to create a strong sense of empathy with those I was lashing out at. I did this by visualizing being on the receiving end (lots of exp to draw on) of my own mistreatment. I did this for an hour or so most nights (usually with the bath running so no one could hear the sobbing). It took well over a year for a better state to settle in. In my case, the empowerment I got from martial arts rested along side of helplessness, rather than ease it. I do grant that shifting between empowerment and helplessness is better than just feeling helpless. Remember that the other product of abuse is broken judgment. On a side note there were always guys in my martial arts classes who were there to learn the skills that would help them bully more effectively. What kind of impact one makes depends a lot on where one lands. A bunch of us meet on Twitter at #PTSDChat, every Wed at 9 EST. We discuss stuff exactly like this, occasionally with behavior professionals. As human beings we have complete, internal access to the sort of subject that the study is targeting - human beings. That gives us a pretty solid opportunity to verify the suppositions for ourselves. I offer that it's the reliable occurrence of a gathering that presents opportunities for bullies to shape their craft. That the gathering is a school seems like a minimal factor. Yes but they're few (source: 5 kids, 1 district). The worst example I can think of is one teacher who's poor judgment resulted in decisions that were indistinguishable from abuse. Discogs is amazing. It's what the internet should have been all along. Conscientious instructors certainly stop in-class mistreatment of other students. However instructors don't know the full measure of a student's heart; nor do they hear most chatter among students. In my experience, it's not at all uncommon for bullies to use martial arts classes to prepare them for positions of authority - particularly law enforcement. To be clear, this doesn't throw the least bit of shade on martial arts nor does it implicate instructors in any way. It's just an unfortunate reality. Also, I really believe the better opportunities to address bullies are before and after this point. The stigma against revealing harmful tendencies kills a powerful method of thwarting that behavior - self-outing. I often (to generally good effect) out myself as a child abuser. This is narrowly possible because my abuse was strictly verbal - which is marginally allowed by society. The benefits of being able to speak openly (with empathy and careful consideration) about my bad behavior are huge. For starters, it encourages my children to speak and think about their mistreatment as a matter-of-fact aspect of their lives. Factoring that reality helps them be more self-aware. Also, constantly keeping sunshine on my bad behavior degrades the ability of that behavior to exist in harmful, self-sustaining cycles. This also gives me a good position to speak on the sexual, physical and emotional mistreatment I received. I can explain how the people who hurt me were themselves shaped by abuse - which is a deeply unpopular thing to consider. The overall reality is this. By believing the only appropriate way to think of perpetrators is with shame and rage, we are insuring the creation of more perpetrators. I feel the term Society fits better than 'the system'. Society's compulsive responses to strong abusive scenarios do not initiate harmful cycles, but they do protect and help perpetuate them. Please see my above post for a more direct explanation. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24991788 Because one human does not contain all nuances. One human being does, however, contain core processes (reactions, motivations) and we can use those to help evaluate the study's findings. This law is a good example of why Gov officials don't trust the electorate & ceaselessly work to conceal their dealings from the public. It's because a well informed public tends to shift power back to itself. To be clear, are you saying there is a system of bullies in play? It's generally recognized that reporting unsubstantiated details, before the actual facts are known, is poor journalism. At best, polls are a simulated election, wrapped in a facade of a forecast. News orgs offer them as a surrogate for factual election results. It is unclear how presenting this inherently unreliable mess as news helps any voter choose a responsible candidate. There were over 450 US domestic terror attacks in 1970. It's relevant today because the context it provides shows how we have been historically safe from attacks on US soil for over 40 years. The last 20 years of terror hysteria created a false mindset that Americans are at meaningful risk of dying in a terror attack. Trillions have been wasted on infrastructure - that can only be responsibly explained as a tool to nurture and reinforce that mindset. And of course there are the ever increasing loss of civil liberties, each loss shifting power toward Gov and away from us. I've read that thru a few times and I can't see it as other than a glob of generalizations. Perhaps you could plug some of the topics of the study into it (eg: the mistreatment/violence cycle). That could help me see how it relates. "Should the City of Chicago act to ensure that all the City’s community areas have access to broadband internet?" Well, yes. Internet as a public utility is one possible interpretative outcome. Another is subsidizing broadband connections. 7 people would join it. 6 would be from the same gardening club. I feel groups like this are the most predictable thing ever, as long as being an outrage junkie is socially rewarded. The author's assertions liken the malleability of voters to a mental health challenge, which I can get behind - but then limits it to Trump voters which leaves us exactly where we started. Narrowly outlining a problem so that only ½ the affected are addressed. I don't text and drive because I prefer texting on a physical keyboard (# = Google Voice) and my text conversations tend to be long. How does he know they're txt'ng? About the only time I look at my phone in the car is to next-track VLC. T-Mobile's 5G band set is Band n71 (600 MHz) Band n41 (2.5 GHz) Band n260 (39 GHz) Band n261 (28 GHz)[1] Only 71 is capable of traveling more than a short distance. Reports are band 71 speeds are 100Mbps-200Mbps, which is better than I expected.[2] A couple of notes. 71 is the same band used for 'enhanced' LTE. T-Mobile recently finished the nationwide rollout of band 71, to US towers. From what I can tell, that doesn't include every US tower but 1+ tower in every area. Even then, YMMV. I have a 71 capable phone and there's a (reported) 71 tower nearby but I'm always 66 or 2, never 71. [1] https://www.t-mobile.com/support/coverage/t-mobile-network [2] https://venturebeat.com/2019/12/05/t-mobiles-600mhz-5g-peaks... I'm so glad it's stinking over. I might even read non-tech news again. > Have fun doing your taxes on your car, your banking on your tv, and your dating on your fridge. Thanks! Just got to finish the level of Doom first. Domain Name Soup is what I've used https://www.domainnamesoup.com/3letterdomainnames.php Political parties and news orgs benefit from having ½ of Americans stoked with animosity toward the other ½. As evidence I offer that the most obvious yet never-offered solution to 2016 election meddling is a less malleable voter. We were shopping for a VR headset last week. We absolutely would have bought an Oculus, except the risk of having it tied to Facebook kept putting us off. It wouldn't just be risky to purchase an Oculus; that risk would continue the entire time we'd own it. Having that kind of worry built into a product makes it less fun. In the end we bought an HTC Vive. We've been quite happy with it. As usual, this rumor was debunked by the actual election officials who had direct knowledge. https://www.michigan.gov/sos/0,4670,7-127-1640_9150-544676--... My only Slingbox purchase was an early standalone model, that didn't need a cloud connection. Migration to cloud-centric models put me off their product, permanently. America! Love it or leave it! > After entering the consulate and going through security, the first step of the appointment was paying the fee: US$2,350. That said... On balance, the article is a good read. It's a nice reminder how post-911 US Gov experiences (concerning nationality) vary from the passive-aggressiveness noted here to live-endangering hostility. How reliable is electricity in these small remote communities? > Giving telecoms money for infrastructure with no strings attached seems like a bad idea. US is loaded with lessons like this that no one wants to learn from. eg: Bell's (later Verizon's) broken 1993 promise to deploy fiber @ 45Mbps across Pennsylvania, that netted the corp billions in subsidies eg: Anything at all with the words Frontier & West Virginia The difference being road construction is likely (presumably) overseen by a Gov agency that will hold the contractor accountable - whereas internet providers enjoy regulatory capture thru writing their own telecom laws, along with lobbying purchased legislators to place handpicked people into top regulator positions. Every place with bulk surveillance is a proving ground. The end game will always be to record as much of our lives, as makes people in power comfortable. That's a pretty good synopsis. I lament the pressure for US nuclear families to fissure apart. It may not be overt pressure but it's consistent, delivered in countless expectations (do job|college and move out|away) and assumptions (gone yet?) My parents died when I was 14 & 21 respectively. Decades before, my dad moved my mom away so we grew up w/o any extended family nearby. When my first child was born, my wife and I were on our own - which would surprise zero Americans. Objectively I was good parent and a terrible parent. With no ongoing guidance, the terrible wound up outweighing the good (because w/o exp, what we have are hunches, anecdotes and ill equipped reasoning). My kids and I will spend the rest of our lives repaving my bad roads. This result would have been different with extended family nearby and - critically - some on hand. Some American ideals (eg:individualistic independence) come with an unreasonably high price. We would be a far better people if we elevated keeping 3+ generations together and normalized housing that would support that. I felt the same way for most of the same reasons - plus other reasons like my father was about as bad a person as is possible. So I had not only disinterest but some reluctance to make sure I stayed disinterested. In late 2017, I grudgingly promised a sibling to piece some of our extended family history together. In 2018 I found a lost sister on Ancestry. And then I found a cousin who pointed me to my last surviving aunt (who I visited in 2019 and who passed 6 weeks ago). I also reunited with another lost sister. The sisters and I talk most days. By the end of this year I will have added about 10k names in Family Search and 15k-20k in Ancestry (w/ much overlapping). It's safe to say my interests changed. I'm not saying I think yours will. Certainly my genealogy numbers don't represent anything likely. What I can say is that things change, sometimes unexpectedly. >A "retired people child care corps" would be a nice thing to try. I don't see how we can - liability. While older means wiser, it doesn't necessarily mean safer. We can offset the risk a lot by mandating minimum 2, non-related caregivers. In families, however, the vetting is so much more complete. Regardless, I genuinely like and appreciate that line of thinking. Muggle Of Glob, that's a lot of animated avatars. It's like watching an aneurysm in real time. I came here to give a shout-out to the earlier, established use of cult to mean small religion - before it was hijacked by people like Walter Martin to demonize religions they didn't like. I appreciate the correction. I admittedly spent 2 sec on the page. Also the clarification. This is the first ad I've seen. That's helpful context. When I began to consider what might go into a massive, big-pharma dev proj, 1M didn't seem that substantial - like someone tossing $5 at a national food bank. Worse, it seemed to highlight an overall lack of fiscal & resource preparedness (this last might still be reality). Glad to see my initial take was incorrect. The first Geocachers ought to be rolling up any moment now My 1995 opinion: News is saturated with bias and it enables systemic corruption because important questions go unasked. My 2020 opinion: Bias in news is largely unimportant. News is saturated with incompetence however and that is harming everyone, in direct and meaningful ways. Worst of all, important questions go unasked. I have a messages for conservatives. For your own benefit - shut up about bias. Seriously, hear me out. I'm not just ragging on you. Sure, bias exists, but you're getting awful at identifying it. More importantly, railing about bias won't get what you want, which is bringing grief to center->left people in power. I have something better for that. What you want is a Meaningfully Competent Press Corps - something that mostly doesn't exist now. An MCPC never hesitates to target anyone in power. It knows government and corporations are dangerous by default - that harm is only averted thru ceaseless, aggressive, public oversight. It lives to expose powerful corruption and it doesn't care who's it is. A MCPC knows that secrecy is generally about hiding misdeeds and it never, ever assumes powerful people are being truthful. Will a MCPC routinely ding powerful people you like? Sure, but isn't that what you see happening now? Wouldn't it be gratifying to see powerful people you dislike get dinged? How about Pelosi going down for protecting horrific CIA abuses? Sweet. Imagine Obama being justly shamed for prosecuting more whistleblowers than all previous PotUS combined. An MCPC could deliver that for you. Consider how golden that could be. Seriously conservative dudes. Forget bias. An MCPC will cost you nothing that you aren't already paying and it is uniquely positioned to give you rich, satisfying payback - which, truthfully, is what you want. How about this. Once you've covered the sun-progress-scenario, it's covered. Stop covering it. Also, don't lead with the exact same sun story as 300 other news orgs. Perform actual journalism instead. > Is there an example of a story on mainstream news sites that was covered without new info? In this thread, you and I have brought up a couple of points. I highlighted the tendency of prominent news orgs to choose their headline articles from one small stack of stories. That should be self-evident unless you rarely see different news sites with related headlines - which would be really odd. You asked about news stories that don't add any content, which is a somewhat different issue. For that I offer news orgs parroting biz/gov/LEO press releases - without vetting for accuracy or without supplying relevant historical context. Though that's a particularly pervasive problem in local & state news, major news orgs tend to do it whenever they get in front of federal LEO/IC officials (eg: James Comey + "Going Dark"). One final example that fits both points is news sites republishing Reuters/AP/UPI articles verbatim. To be plain, this sort of clear benefit and experience is what the DEA fights against. Because it is a federal law enforcement agency and not a medical entity, it's focus isn't on serving Americans but preserving the anointed order of the state. While obvious, the ongoing harm done by ascribing medical responsibilities to an LEO doesn't capture the interest of elected officials. Unless the electorate forces their interest, that won't ever change. I've long said a surveillance state is the largest possible government. A thanks to dang's family as well - there's always someone sustaining us. I made a cross-cultural captcha https://i.imgur.com/U2ivgJl.jpg Us 24 hour clock fanbois are outcasts - just like us 28 day month people If there is, it was adopted right after Active Cyber PearlHarbor training.