I rather enjoyed "The Truth About Hacker news and Communists." Apparently, "All persons claiming to suffer from hacker news are in fact shape-changing aliens." http://www.verifiedfacts.org/i/hacker%20news/NDM1MTE Good luck to all! Hope the new size works out well too. This seems incredibly unnecessary, especially since I might actually use their exchange if they ran one. (More design chops than most of the abhorrent exchanges.) Though an alert() is a rather inelegant confirmation... This article inaccurately lumps all software companies into one bucket. As rohamg points out, he makes a black and white argument about engineering vs. sales politics, while the reality is that this differs a lot by company. In fact, many of the larger software companies seem to be driven primarily by sales (including, increasingly, Google). At the smaller companies (incl. startups), it absolutely makes sense for engineering to be of primary importance. At this level, being able to constantly adjust to customers' desires is essential, and an engineering emphasis helps with that. This also flies in the fact of the supposed arrogance of engineers. If anything, I think sales people are the more arrogant ones: they think customers just need to be sold on a product, while engineers understand iterating on feedback is key to growth. Beyond being extremely generic, his advice underplays the importance of deliberate practice at coding. Honestly, if you can hack, the jobs will come. Sure, you might need to network a little, but the skills are the basis. Nobody from my school with technical chops is unemployed or without good internships. Meanwhile all the students who network and promote themselves but don't code are stuck in unpaid internship after unpaid internship. Fair enough. I did the same in high school, and it's certainly a good start. However, if people really want to be hired, they should focus on developing serious tech chops. ie. more than just slicing PSDs. While his research is very interesting, I'm not sure Sid Kouider actually can say much about consciousness. He came to speak at my school and his philosophy basically boils down to "working memory = consciousness." However, this definition of consciousness is highly disputed. Specifically, it fails to account for any of consciousness's phenomenological aspects. One might feasibly construct a computer to simulate working memory, but it seems unlikely that such a mechanism would be truly "conscious." Ultimately, Koudier is attempting to answer with science what philosophy hasn't even yet established a framework for. I'm pretty sure increased urbanization accounts for a lot of it. Also, more exposure to international communities where not driving is normal. At least, that's my justification for never learning to drive. All I get from this is: 1) You can use buzzwords. 2) If I can cure cancer, I'll be rich. Great insights there. I wish these courses would be less newbish. I might not know Objective-C, but I know what a variable is. Not exactly sure how this article defends its headline at all. Considering that the author points to Motorola and Facebook Home as wins, his grasp of the tech scene seems rather weak. I think I'm confused on what the term freemium means. I always thought it meant a product with both a free and paid tiers. This doesn't seem to match with "For example, Freemium works really well when your user IS the product." Such services, like the Facebook example he cites, are free, not freemium. Right? It's called an IPO, and the structures are in place for a reason. Can you actually imagine the difficulty of keeping 170 million "investors" updated on the status of the company? You'd have to share so many reports, make sure everything is done fairly, release regular earnings. Oh, wait, that's exactly what the SEC requires for doing IPOs... Seriously though, it'd be a scary world where everyone is an investor. Most people just aren't qualified to understand risk and make smart decisions for the future of the company. Startups would end up with no revenue and people's investments would be worthless. Seriously, this has to be a joke. A very elaborate one, which half of HN is apparently playing along with... I mean, in Soylent Green it's all about "freeing your body" as well. Do we know that they send your password in plain text? Not technically. You can do client-side encryption so that only the hash is sent, via Javascript. I think interviews can often be a dicey proposition since ultimately an interview should be explicitly focused on the person. So if you just want general advice from them, an interview works well. But if you want to find out what the think about Thing X that you're making, an interview isn't really appropriate. Good piece. But why no attribution on the blatant paraphrase of another Madison quote? "If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary." Given that the police have decided to, essentially, wage war on the people why don't we try fighting back? The majority might not care, but "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world." (Margaret Mead) Dump money into personal lawsuits against officers committing negligent attacks such that they are financially ruined. Attend town meetings and demand sever cutbacks in the budgets of police departments acting this way. Put lobbying dollars to work and get change from the top down. Wonder how this relates to Random Hacks of Kindness? http://www.rhok.org/ I was hoping to find out whether I'm actually as lazy as I thought... :( I don't think this really speaks to any growth in that market sector. Rather, Google is just taking over the low-end sector with software which matches the abysmal hardware. Basically we're looking at the bifurcation of the market. People who can afford it have Apple devices and everyone else will end up with Google products subsidized by advertising dollars. Yet another miscarriage of justice. The entire line of logic seems to have been that because Apple's actions led to increased prices it must be a conspiracy. Amazon was, and is, the monopolist using classic monopolist tactics (lock-in, undercutting prices, etc.) to retain a monopoly. Of course once their monopoly was ensured they'd pivot to make a true profit if pesky Apple hadn't interfered: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/05/business/as-competition-wa... I can't help but feel that this was driven by politics/optics (to your average person, of course lower prices is better). List of fellows here: http://hackny.org/a/2013/06/hackny-announces-the-class-of-20... *was a fellow wget likely came pre-installed... I really don't see how this is an issue. Your friends have access to your contact information. When the delegate that access to Facebook, of course Facebook would log in. In fact, I've implemented systems similar to this in any number of apps—it helps to improve the onboarding experience of future users, and honestly isn't giving up any information which wasn't voluntarily shared. This looks awesome. What kind of traction have you seen? Anything getting sold for decent amounts? Reminds me how lucky I (we?) are to be free of the monotonous prison of every day life which most Americans are stuck in. So we can effectively say goodbye to a strong engineering culture at Google. With layers and layers of PMs, the best and brightest have no desire to entire their system. So Google's left with the academically talented individuals who don't have much initiative or drive outside of extremely narrow scopes. (So, innovation was killed by the bottom line.) In general, most developers have a lot of freedom in employment and can probably escape it given a little planning. This really doesn't seem accurate. I'm a professional developer who codes, and learned to code, using just a 13-inch laptop. Clearly large screens and fancy keyboards aren't always necessary. If anything, they impair actually learning. Inspired by codecademy? I totally thought the headline was referring to Campbell discontinuing their disgusting beverage. Sadly this news is much sadder. Right, but those are definitely the easier things to learn. It should certainly be simpler to memorize a couple keyboard shortcuts than to learn how to program... so just start with that simple task and the "hardware issue" is overcome. Feeling good that I spent the weekend learning Angular and Puppet. This is just insane, and sadly mirrors the experience of everyone I know interning in finance. But do they also treat their tech/engineering employees like this? I can't imagine an engineer working 80 hours on Wall St. when they could make quite good money Facebook, etc. as well. This author completely misses the value in the liberal arts, which I'm saying as a computer science major. Definitely my best decision was to study CS as part of a liberal arts curriculum (where 1/2 of my courses have nothing to do with CS). This is really how it should be done. Sadly, the liberal arts are dying out (or, in the case of the UK, don't exist at the university level). In such a system, I'd actually encourage people to study the arts, not engineering. It's easy enough to simultaneously learn to code and put bread on the table from that. (Most useful technical skills are learned outside the classroom.) Until the non-classroom resources for learning the liberal arts rival those for learning CS, in an either-or situation (like the author's) one should definitely study the arts. Really? Are we still talking about how OS X doesn't give you "full control over the system?" Given the popularity of Macs in the developer community, it's pretty clear that you have as much control as you desire—Unix has incredible power. And if you still somehow feel that OS X is actually constricting you (rather than just hiding advanced settings in the command line), you'd never be able to run Linux on a Mac. No, never... https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/MacBook As for the price component, if you're making your living off a computer I surely how you can afford a decent one. > Hence the reason for your need to put quotes around "full control over the system." Or maybe I put quotes around it because I don't agree with that assertion and it's a quote from the article... > And problems I've solved in the past on Linux are still problems to this day on OS X. Can you give me an example? I'm genuinely curious... > This ignores people starting out, or in different locations. Yet the author certainly could get a MBA, as he specifically references having one. That's not a counter to my point. Even if they're running Linux, it's more and more on a Mac. (And yes, I do see plenty of those.) And let's be honest here: more and more developers are web/app developers. ODBC doesn't seems like cheating to me. I can understand why you'd use Windows if you're using a Microsoft stack. At that point, there's no saving you. Definitely falling victim to this. And I think making a little money makes it even harder... when the fight/flight kicks in I flee to another country, thinking I'll somehow be happy there, but end up even more lonely. Disregarding the marketing bits, a good story. But there are a lot of actually good reasons to stay in an easy (ie. stupid) job if it's a temporary situation with an exit in sight. Specifically, when bootstrapping/moonlighting a startup you have no energy left for an overly intense day job. So stick with the crappy job until it's time to take your passion full time. So I'd suggest a modification to the old maxim: If you're the smartest person in the room, either leave the room or start to build a new one. Unfortunate story, but also very different than my experience with US border control. As someone who travels outside the US many times a year, including to somewhat odd places (last year has included Sudan, United Arab Emirates, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Malaysia, Ukraine), I've never had a single problem or spent more than a minute talking to anyone from customs or immigration. Of course, the TSA is another story. Sadly a majority of the American public is completely okay with being spied on. [1] Given that is the customer base for these tech companies, I don't see them fighting very valiantly, if at all. Especially when the government can put on pressure via political prosecutions. [2] 1: http://www.people-press.org/2013/06/10/majority-views-nsa-ph... 2: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Nacchio The experiment really doesn't match up with what they're saying. It's certainly well studied that making difficult decisions taxes you mentally, and it's not surprising that spending $1,500 is a more difficult decision for someone with a lower net worth. Where it falls apart is with the assumption that only the poor have to make difficult decisions. If anything, wealthier people spend a lot more time making decisions at work and receive commiserate cognitive load. Not sure working at McDonalds requires you to make any decisions at all. Even if we're going to pretend that financial decisions are the only decisions in life, I still think the poor might expend less cognitive energy. Frequently they are poor because they specifically avoid making financial decisions. (Hence that's not a cognitive load.) On the flip side, people with more significant assets have to make more significant/difficult allocation decisions, etc. The problem with the methodology is that it's based on density, which is far from all that matters. The fact that a startup industry exists within a larger industry doesn't really detract from the vibrant startup community. If anything, it enhances it. It's pretty telling that New York isn't even mentioned in that report despite there being areas in the city where every other office is a startup. I've often felt similarly, having worked on a number of remote projects. But at the end of the day our efficiency/productivity in making major decisions is much higher when we gather. Technologically, this is driven by 2 things: 1) Whiteboarding software just isn't there. I can't as effortlessly sketch something out and share it with remote people as I can on a physical white board (which is arguably as relevant to "software companies" as actually writing code). 2) Audio/visual latency still exists. Even if I closed my eyes, I could still tell who's in the room and who's not. Sometimes I'll come in just for a meeting because of this. I do think a happy medium exists in much smaller offices/coworking spaces where most people are WFH a lot but come in once a week for meetings. I'd like to be outraged, but it does seem like he deserves to serve time. He's not being prosecuted for providing information generally on how to cheat a polygraph. He committed a crime when he willingly and knowingly aided actual criminals. (Ex. a federal agent with drug cartel ties.) That's absolutely a crime. Just like it's legal to sell thallium, but it's certainly not legal to sell it to someone who tells me they intend to kill with it. And it seems he didn't maintain plausible deniability. (Bring on the downvotes.) > Falsifying polygraph test results isn't a crime, since the test results are inadmissible in court cases. True. But it is an obstruction of justice, and it seems pretty clear that some people were soliciting his services to cover up non-polygraph crimes. For example, providing false identification to members of the Zetas drug cartel is definitely a crime (and, considering their penchant for bloodshed, a pretty despicable one). It's also whether the "convicted sex offenders" used his training to avoid capture for additional crimes (which would make him something of an accomplice). Just not clear how we could defend a man who knowingly trained people doing some pretty nefarious things. > "Deserves"? Do you assign this moral priority only to the current snapshot of American law, or do you apply it to American law in general, or do you apply it to the laws of whatever country a person resides in? I actually think this moral judgement is irrespective of the legal environment. He knowingly, though not directly, aided a ruthless criminal organization. To me, that's immoral regardless of what country you reside in. Seriously, the bar for attention is incredibly low these days. What a terrible idea. Software is a rapidly evolving field which simply can't be captured by a single examination or a set amount of experience. Indeed, apparently "four to six of experience" would be required. So suddenly no 20-somethings can work in software which might impact "public health or safety, security, property, or the economy." Say goodbye to half the tech teams at health and fintech startups... So, the ultimate nail in the coffin for open, fragmented services. If you want to build a good OS, you ultimately have to take almost complete control. (Google is basically following Apple's route.) The reason I think the Google system is worse is that theoretically any application can achieve this level of control. So while I might trust Google, it seems all too easy to trick users into installing a different process which can take complete control of their phone. With iOS, only Apple is capable of this level of control, thus decreasing the attack vectors. EDIT: Admittedly it's highly unlikely that Google would ever let such an application into the Play Store, thus limiting its distribution potential. Definitely a very cool concept, but the code could be improved a bit. I'd ideally like to see something like this primarily to be run via Javascript. Then once you guess it'd just download a new audio clip + the correct answer... way less lag. A couple years ago, I was exactly like you. (I'm from the Champlain Valley myself.) But in the 3 years since, I learned that people are infinitely more important than my technical abilities will ever be. My hubris brought me down. Things like this just aren't going to win you friends. If you want people to invest in you, not your ideas, (a statement which is itself filled with hubris), you have to grow up and realize the world around is a lot more than code. she Should be awesome. Based on the expo, the quality is going to be astounding. This is an interesting article which picks up on an emerging trend. However, it conflates the theoretical concept of a "card" with physical designs. The example of Facebook is apt, as their system is all about discrete, short bits of content (ie. "cards") being shuffled into different views. Despite this Facebook has I think wisely avoided the skeuomorphism of actual card designs. The concept of cards definitely has legs. The more integrated and easily consumable we can make the web, the better. But the designs don't necessarily matter to that concept. This seems to be a vast overreaction. The only actual "harassment" is about making a sandwich, which is pretty low on the scale of insults. In fact, the teacher was probably right to not intervene. For two reasons: 1) Regardless of your gender, being the person who caused adult intervention isn't likely to win you respect in high school. If he had intervened, she would likely have been further ostracized. 2) Growing up is about learning to interact with people. A big part of this is categorizing what matters and what does. If I made a fuss every time someone made a slightly off-color joke about my religion (I'm Jewish) I'd have both no friends and no job. Stallman, et. al are also against anyone making any money from building software. He's said as much, that he thinks software engineers should work as waiters rather than work on anything which isn't entirely free. So, naturally he's against Apple which happens to make a lot of money from building software. Honestly, I'm amazed that email was enough to get the gig. As an engineer who's admittedly not very social, I would have no trouble writing that email. Are standards for non-technical people really this low when someone applying for an engineering position has to go through grueling interviews, code reviews, and resume checks? (I'm sure that he was a great hire, I'm just amazed that this was sufficient to even get an interview.) > A case could be made that Apple and FSF are on the same page there. Not really. Apple is very big into free software, but only free as in beer. As you note, they build that software (and give it away effectively for free) in order to sell more hardware. The second they make it free as in speech every competitor can pick it up and put it on commodity hardware, destroying a major strength of Apple. In a NYC talk, Stallman readily said that software developers should absolutely never work for any company developing closed source software (ie. the vast majority of software companies) and should instead work as waiters, developing free software in their free time. [1]: http://isoc-ny.org/p2/5844 I know they disagree with this, but the fact remains that it's very challenging to make money off open source software. Few companies are able to sustain such a business model, particularly if the target market is consumers with no interest in retaining consulting services. Founders who protest such competitions are the same types who ask potential employee's to sign onerous NDAs. Honestly, almost nothing about running a business should be secret. Because that's not where your success comes from. It's all in execution and building a great product/culture. You can openly share all your plans and still see others fail to copy them. Very well done. Love the reveal... thought this was just going to be yet another first-timer post, then BOOM. And I'd have no objections to sharing such data. It's simply not the competitive advantage in most fields. Execution and effort drives success, not business plans. Of these, I'm definitely most interested in Chase Adam. It'll be very interesting to hear the lessons from YC's first non-profit, particularly as the winter round will likely include many more. Can someone explain how this is different from Docker? As someone who hasn't used either, I'd really appreciate an explanation of the nuanced differences/how they relate. From my reading, this simply has nothing to do with the Matthew Effect. They are measuring volume of transactions, not necessarily value and certainly not wealth accumulation. Naturally, those who engage in many transactions initially are likely to engage in even more transactions in the future (ex. a new exchange starts with many transactions and gets even more over time). This has no correlation with actual wealth. If we were to apply this logic to the real world, one would reach the startling conclusion that delis are wealthier than high fashion boutiques. My first thought was that's kinda cool. Then I viewed the source. Amazing. I'm amazed that it's only 5 years old. In those years, it's redefined both how software development works and the terminology we use to describe it. Honestly, it's helped me to become a better developer in so, so many ways. What were SO-coders doing 5 years ago? Though it's not April 1, I thought this must be a joke. Not because these features don't make sense. They do. I know plenty of people who would love them. Except those aren't the people who would pay for them. Simply put, the sort of people who use emojis are definitely not the sort of people who pay for productivity software. Nerds (and generally "professionals") will pay for a Trello board. But nerds don't particularly like stickers. Normals love stickers, but barely ever pay for anything—least of all subscription web services. Even today, I just don't see many teenage girls willing to toss $5 at a web productivity board. It's just a sad and bizarre case of product-market mismatch. I don't know many people who like their open office plan. Yet, why are startups trumpeting these as great places to work? Particularly as an engineer, having a door I can close is essential. (That's why I love working on Fridays, when nearly everyone else works from home.) The biggest stressor for me in an open office is overhearing personal conversations. It's not the noise that bothers me, but the fact that I hear things I really just feel awkward hearing. My ideal office is just lots and lots of rooms. Maybe you could do an open office if complete silence were enforced on the floor and all meetings were held in adjourning rooms, but that'll never get buy-in. The content sync is the really impressive feature here. Basically drop-in multiuser support. The meat of this article, hidden underneath all the fluff, is simply that fees are higher and poor people end up paying more of them. Honestly though, they probably deserve that. I've never in my life been charged an overdraft fee because it doesn't take much to just track the payments you make and never go over. Of course, an inability to plan is probably why they're poor in the first place... > That's easy to do if you're not poor. It's a problem you've never encountered, so don't pretend your virtue protects you. I didn't always have money. My father is a carpenter, and I definitely took the time to write down every expense back when there was serious risk I might overdraft. However, I must apologize for phrasing my original comment too harshly. People don't deserve poverty, but what I meant was that they're at least partially responsible for their situation. As you rightfully point out, punishment certainly isn't the answer. (I certainly don't see overdraft fees as a sane punishment.) But payday lenders and the like aren't the solution either. The solution is helping everyone to get the necessary planning skills for the modern world through education. It'd be great and truly refreshing to see a bank which tried to do that (obviously they'd have to find a different business model than the usual). So, help people to learn to plan. Don't excuse not planning and the institutions (check-cashers, etc.) which enable it. The experience factor is huge here, and should be pinpointed. Being able to work in a non-academic environment is incredibly important, because honestly the pace and quality of technical work done in academic settings just isn't comparable. > "Companies hesitated to hire a Ph.D. with no industry experience" That, for me, would be the #1 red flag. How does one even go through getting a PhD without getting any industrial experience? Not a single internship, even as an undergraduate? This tells me that either the PhD literally can't code (and hence nobody even wanted them as an intern) or despises industry so much that they never wanted an internship (and hence I'd be pretty worried about how much they'd be committed to the new job). Sure, I don't doubt that's what they did. But that's not a counterargument to my point, which is that they chose to not once in (I'm guessing) 6+ years set foot outside academia. Even given unlimited research funding, to not once try working in industry (even during undergrad) betrays a worrying single-mindedness which I'd want to avoid in any technical hire. If all you do is proceed down one path, without ever trying anything else or being a little creative, I probably don't want you on my team. Nor will the vast majority of companies writing software. Hence why PhDs can't get jobs. There are way more of them than companies that actually need their expertise. Accurate, except it's not hiring managers who are making that miscalculation. By and large, hiring managers will see a PhD and be like "yay, give them an interview." Its the interview with an engineer where things break apart, because the engineer expects a PhD to be solving things the same way he would despite coming from totally different backgrounds. (This is born out in the OP's experience, as he got many interviews but few offers.) For once, hiring managers aren't to blame. As someone who lives in the Emirates, I have to object to the allegation of "slaves." This is not slavery. It's indentured servitude, which is definitely distressing but not quite of the same character. Most importantly, in the talks I've had with workers, the vast majority of them still are happy to have these jobs despite the conditions. They're paid an order of magnitude more than they make in Nepal and if you go to poor Nepalese villages you'll see entire families building new houses based on earnings from sons who went to work in the gulf. Finally, it's important to note that there's pretty drastic variation in how workers are treated in different firms. Certainly none have ideal working conditions, but the majority are legal and passable. It's the truly horrible ones which actually trigger government investigations (and, sadly enough, many of the worst firms are actually run by overseas businessmen.). Not at all. Almost none of them have enough to pay their recruitment or travel fees, so they fully understand that for a time all their wages will go towards that. I fail to see how retaining pay until a hiring debt is paid off isn't the very definition of indentured servitude. > It's not one of these trafficking situations where they've been told they've been found a nice domestic service job in the capital and they subsequently end up in an underground brothel in another country. Exactly. Honestly, it's very telling that the vast majority of migrant workers in the gulf are men. They're doing hard manual labor, in admittedly poor conditions, but that is by and large what they signed up for. > They have good reason to expect to have access to food and their post-deduction wages though. Agreed. And that's why the instances where they don't even receive that are so alarming and do trigger government investigations. > I'd expect it's common for them to be left unpaid or underpaid at the close. Unpaid, no. It's extremely rare for an employer to not pay anything ever. Underpaid, definitely—between extra "fees" and deductions, many workers end up with less than they expected (but still more than they'd make back home). > For a mere 20 year old, you sure speak with advanced lashings of ponce and confidence on subjects of which you know not. Having lived in the gulf and thoroughly read the human rights reports in the region, I'd wager I know a lot more about the situation than most HN commenters. But sure, go ahead an attack my age. Everyone knows ad hominem attacks are the best kind. Project list on Hacker League: https://www.hackerleague.org/hackathons/fall-2013-hackny-stu... Definitely a hoax, but I highly doubt it's phishing. Nothing they can really gain from it. All in good fun? I still don't think many "savvy entrepreneurs" would/should turn to reality television for VC, but glad this ridiculous term got removed. Any other VC who demanded equity just for a meeting would've been laughed out of town years ago. That's really not the case. I'm a regular on the hackathon circuit and it's extremely rare & frowned upon for people to start building before the hackathon. Plus, if you doubt it, peruse their GitHub's and you can see clear building. It depends on the project, but in my experience many (if not most) people end up making their repos public. As for finding them, I'll often just look up the hackers on GitHub and check if they have new repos. Though that's not always the case. I kept the repo for the hack I made this weekend ( http://socialsecurity.io — antivirus for Twitter) private because I'm commercializing some of the machine learning. There aren't really topics for a lot of the hackathons (including HackMIT). For the "themed" hackathons you'll know the topics at registration (ie. weeks/months beforehand). Somebody actually did just that at hackNY this fall: http://committing.jit.su/ I actually thought this article would be about the psychological impact of thinking about your time as money. Personally, I've noticed that knowing and internalizing my hourly rate has decreased my enjoyment of life. When you contemplate the opportunity cost of even an hour with friends (>$100) it's hard to have much fun. Has anyone encountered research on this topic? > Generally there is a reasonable limit on the number of billable hours you can have in a week and be productive. I actually haven't found this even when working about 80 hours a week (~60 externally billable). The key is splitting it between 3 things: 1 primary employer; smaller contracts; building my own startup. The variation in work definitely keeps things interesting and productive. Great point. I actually do deploy this technique fairly effectively, but solely as an "investment." Thus, I use money to buy time which I use to earn money. (For example, paying for my laundry to be done so that I have more time to work.) Obviously I still need to learn that increasing a random number in a bank balance doesn't actually affect my life at all. Depends on the exchange rate. $2000 doesn't go that far in NYC. You can certainly live on it, but you're not saving much and you're not living a fantastic lifestyle. I honestly don't understand why everyone hates recruiters so much. Yes, you say they're a "good problem" to have but how are they a problem at all? How much effort does it take to delete an email/message, especially if you automate it? I just don't understand the fuss. If anything, I enjoy the little ego boost every time I log in to LinkedIn and see another recruiter knocking. It's nice to be wanted. > People who are old enough will remember the same argument about e-mail spam I think that supports my point. Because when was the last time you actually saw spam in your inbox? > cold-calls from people looking up my phone number in DNS records even I actually kind of respect that. At least they took the effort to look up your domain and do a whois. In general, I reward recruiters who bother to visit my site (and use the contact info there) by actually reading what they send. I don't think that's quite right. Fox News encourages people not to think at all. Gladwell encourages people to think (the adjective thought-provoking is frequently applied to his work), even if his actual content isn't 100% true. Also, I don't think Gladwell ever completely lies. He certainly bends the truth, but he doesn't make up things on a whim like Fox. I'm a big fan moons, with planets as subnets. I'm surprised that there isn't a larger drop, and especially surprised that some neighborhoods have actually seen increased traffic. Anyone have an explanation for that? Guess it's time for me to redo mine: http://me.morgante.net/about I definitely sympathize with the tax burden component. Here in New York, I only end up taking home half what I'm paid which is especially frustrating for a contractor who could theoretically be working remotely. Cool tool, but the search interface could use a little work. Some sort of autocomplete would make it easier to find congressmen by name (I typed "Bernie Sanders" when I had to put in "Bernard Sanders"). I did a lot better than I expected, given that I'm a bit of an antisocial nerd. (27/36) I feel pretty stupid for taking so long to realize that this is an actual review of the DSM-5. Up until halfway through, I thought this was indeed a review of brilliantly executed satire in the form of the DSM. Though that itself could actually be a pretty interesting literary form... It is rather unfortunate how little correlation most tech interviews have with their respective jobs. It's largely a lose-lose situation for everyone. Developers who could easily build great systems but aren't experts in graph theory get passed over while brilliant mathematicians who can't necessarily code get hired. Result? Companies simultaneously having to fire employees while facing a supposed talent crunch. Given that this hurts everyone, how did we even get into this situation? Probably because the only person who doesn't lose from this is the interviewer: they get to have fun. Honestly, when you spend all day buried in code, it's fun to play with puzzles for a change. Perhaps it's time we started optimizing interviews for hiring success rather than interviewer happiness. I think (1) is probably the primary reason, along with the fun factor I mentioned above. But honestly, why can't we just start giving IQ tests? Or at least asking for SAT scores? We shouldn't have to run through training puzzles just to prove we're smart enough to build a site. > What kind of IQ tests? Math thinking? Language? Other? Both. They're not perfect, but I'm going to be picky and look for people who can generally reason well (both mathematically and verbally). > but that doesn't mean they can code. That's why you pair it with work samples. The ideal hire would be an impressive GitHub + evidence of intellect. The GitHub shows they have coding chops, while an IQ test usually means they can react quickly and learn new skills. > I would guess that there is actually significant overlap between these two groups. I wouldn't. Smart people get bored sitting around memorizing things. They'd rather be thinking. Purely anecdotally, the smartest people I know rarely have encyclopedic knowledge of anything. Start with a simple interview which simply checks that the person (a) has a brain; (b) is somebody you're comfortable working with. Then do a short-term contracting gig (maybe just 1 day). If it works well, hire them. Edit: clarify length which even the best people could do. I'd hope that by that point I'd have sold them on my company enough that they really thought it was better . Also, I don't think it needs to be a long gig. Maybe even just a day, which isn't much longer than the gauntlet of technical interviews some companies will put you through. Even that short period should be enough to see if someone works well. I'm fine with only hiring people who have done some work outside their workplace. If they're really great at programming, they have the drive to try new things outside work. Indeed, a couple good personal projects is probably the best predictor of skill you could find. (Skill and interest tend to be highly correlated.) I meant that mostly rhetorically in that I think that was a poor decision, or at least applied poorly. (Correct me if I'm wrong, but if you can show a high IQ is necessary for the job, isn't an IQ test acceptable?) Still, asking for SAT scores is still legal and they correlate decently with intelligence. > Which of those 5 do I give the short term contract gig to? So you're back to the same problem. Ideally, all of them. It's not hard to find a couple one-off tasks that you'd like to see done in a day. Or could could proceed sequentially until you find one whose work you like. FYI I think pg frowns on posting these, hence why you don't see them. Not sure where I saw that, but basically if everyone posted their app for review HN would be taken over. Sorry, but how is this necessary? Given the talent crunch, it's not exactly hard to find a job. (Recruiters are already too aggressive.) To be clear, this doesn't mean teens aren't using Facebook. It just means they don't call Facebook their "most important" social network. That's a huge difference: more teens are likely still using Facebook than Twitter, they just don't consider it their most important social network. This means Facebook has essentially reached utility status, which is reflected anecdotally in my life. It's replaced email for a generation. But that's arguably a fine place for them to be: if you own the entire backbone of people's communications, there's a lot of money to be made in that. You'll find a lot more teens who use Facebook but not Twitter than the inverse. To put it another way, if asked I'd say Hacker News is "more important" to me than Google Search. But Google definitely makes a lot more (potential) money off me. Yup. :) For one thing, HN doesn't really have any viable alternatives at this point. Google has plenty. I really feel for the Buffer team. They make an awesome product and it's hard to prevent things like this, especially when social media doesn't generally have great security right now. Though I don't want to be crass, I can't help but mention that I'm working on a project to help minimize the damage from these sorts of things. Would be interested in any feedback. ( http://socialsecurity.io ) At this point, they've disabled all sharing so you're probably okay. Just be extra vigilant until the issue is fully resolved. Definitely feel sorry for the Buffer team. They're great guys and built a great service—getting social media security right is hard. Though this does confirm that there's some value in my latest project of making your social media profiles more secure: http://socialsecurity.io Same here. My brain just works a lot better when it's cold. There's a purity to the winter which makes life so much simpler and, yes, even harsher—austerity can be a relief. (Maybe something to do with growing up in Vermont?) The big confusion is whether we're trying to measure the "tech sector" or the "startup sector." The former is likely a superset of the latter, and the latter possibly includes companies which aren't necessarily in the former. Should I be counted as part of the NYC tech sector? I'm working in a technical role at a media startup. Is that more or less techy than an office manager at a tech startup? Purely anecdotally, the tech scene in NYC still feels extremely intimate. It's easy to know/recognize a lot of people at any tech event. > Not that mongo is bad or anything this is just a good time to say it. To be clear, this breach had absolutely nothing to do with Mongo. It occurred via a web interface which could've been put in front of any hosted database. Up next: CircleCI customer announces data breach due to tokens accessed via the CircleCI breach (via the MongoHQ breach). > Meteor doesn't allow you to subscribe to the Mongo equivalent of "select player, score from results order by score desc limit 10" (last I checked anyway) And even if it did, well what if you want to see result 11-20 or the 10 best scores among your friends? That's actually all possible. Just write a good publisher which takes the number of results as an argument. All the sorting can happen on the backend and then you push down the x results. Sure, not as effortless as autopublish, but also no harder than in traditional apps. > I can say meteor will kill nodejs, but not Rails. It won't kill Node any more than Rails killed Ruby. I've used both and actually prefer Derby. They don't toss out Node (which the Meteor team did), thus making it easy to leverage the growing Node ecosystem. Also, I'm constantly left scratching my head as to why the Meteor team chose to make backend code synchronous. That being said, Meteor simply has a lot more developer talent (and money) behind it. Hence it's improving at a much faster rate than Derby. I don't get the point of this. Why would I include additional JS on the page just to add something to the developer console? To enable this, you're asking developers to add a meta tag. Given that the audience for this output is fellow developers, I'd think we're all capable of reading the meta tag directly without the need for an additional script. 5kb might not seem like much, but where speed is of importance every request counts and every byte matters. EDIT: Sorry if I seem too negative. It's a cool hack and I can see why it'd be fun to add to personal websites. Interesting idea, but I see 3 major problems: 1) Voting on each others work introduces perverse incentives when money is involved. It also potentially undermines the very spirit of community which Assembly is trying to capitalize on. Instead of having to judge each other a couple times a year (in a traditional peer review), we're constantly judging each other and thinking about how we'll be judged. 2) I think the 5% reward unfairly justifies the notion that ideas are worth something. They're worth maybe 1% (at most) of most startup success. Success comes from persistence, execution, and luck. Reaffirming the notion that "idea people" are worth much doesn't help anyone. 3) Big, boring, important tasks will likely never get accomplished due to the incentive structure. Every community member can only give one point to a contribution. ( https://assemblymade.com/help/profits#profits-2 ) So that massive implementation you made that laid the groundwork for the entire backend will only get 1 point from each other developer. (And the number of people in the particular "community" qualified enough to understand this kind of work isn't large enough for crowds to work well.) So instead people are incentivized to do lots of quick & simple front-endy tasks. All together, the politics of this really worry me. TokBox is one of the leaders in this space: http://tokbox.com/ That's all well and good, but couldn't even more net social utility be created by a better auction? This perpetuates generational wealth rather than giving an opportunity to someone who earned it for themselves. At the very least, couldn't you auction off a seat to adults? At least that would be people using their own money to buy themselves advantages rather than yet another example of parents buying significant advantages for their children. Maybe I'm just bitter because I'm 20 and my parents could never afford to pay $20,000. I don't see why you should purposefully give someone else whose parents could yet another advantage in life. PS. To put my money where my mouth is, I'd donate $1,000 of my own money to Watsi or another charity of your choice if it buys a seat. I don't think there's actually a difference in the two titles themselves, but rather in the kind of company which uses each title. A software developer at a small startup is likely doing similar work to a software engineer at a large corporation, but the software engineer gets the BigCorp bonus. New frameworks might make our work easier, but companies don't typically respond by employing fewer developers. Instead, they ask for bigger and larger projects. As for people actually learning to code, I don't actually think there's much risk of increased supply. The majority of people simply cannot think in the logical manner programming requires. They might learn a couple bits here and there, but they'll never be employed as engineers. (I've seen this myself with people who've taken months of classes—ask them to compute a program and they're still incapable.) Put simply, CS is hard. That's why, despite the general awesomeness of our careers, so few people major in it. ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/04/students-majoring-i... ) Anyone know about, or interested in starting, something like this in NYC? > They might do similar work, but I see software engineers as being accredited engineers, with that is a legal attachement to the title. My job title is "software engineer" and I don't have any accreditation to speak of. Such is the case with the vast majority of people with this title. Have you looked into StatsD support? At the very least, a backend for StatsD (to write into InfluxDB) would make adoption a lot easier. I also highly suggest you own more than one stock. 100% agree, but I think that shows how not all tech valuations are created equal. Airbnb and Evernote, for example, both make sense of me. They provide immense value to people (with obvious cash streams) and are not immediately replaceable. Meanwhile, I'd put Twitter and Path in with the Pets.com crew. > Easily hundreds of dollars a year worth of value. Easily. So naturally you'd pay hundreds of dollars a year for a subscription, right? Absolutely. If Twitter could successfully get people who derive real business value from it to pay (like how LinkedIn does), they can succeed. But unfortunately I don't think even most Twitter power users will pay. Even if brands will pay, it's a fundamentally different equation than LinkedIn's in that there are a lot more recruiters out there than brands. > 1 - PAY OUT LOWER SALARIES No self-respecting engineer should or would take $50/60k a year in the Bay Area (heck, most of the country). It's fine for founders to pay themselves that (and, indeed, they probably should) but asking employees to take that tiny salary for your dream is never going to fly. They're actually using InterviewStreet to do the testing, which supports a variety of languages (including a number of functional ones). Or that the link is for Amazon India . Techniques like this are only really used to sort through hiring pools with high signal:noise. > No idea how Herr Amtrix got on that leaderboard. Quite possibly from the HN link? It is Amazon India, after all. His research is definitely fascinating. Funny to see my CS professor pop up in here though. :) I think this campaign suffers from something of a branding problem in that "killer robots" theoretically includes human-controlled robots. They need to be extremely up-front that what they're opposed to is autonomous battlefield robots. From the title/link, I assumed they opposed all battlefield robots (like the ridiculous drone) crowd, which is an absurd and extreme position. Their actual position, of opposing autonomous robots, is a lot more sensible and should be their sole focus. I wonder what's the situation like for software developers and engineers? Equally dire, or would learning to program be a way out for them? > In my opinion, not everyone is able to code. Not because it's some sort of exclusive club but because being a programmer involves thinking differently to solve problems. Generally, I agree (having seen people who really can't do it continuously struggle through coding exercises). That being said, I'd be interested in hearing if people even try. Surely some could manage it. > Programming's not a panacea for everyone's problems, you know? Yes, I do. Obviously (and, from a selfish perspective, thankfully) not everyone is inclined or able to learn programming. I'm more interested in how counter-cyclical programming is. Does it allow you to weather a tough labor market, or are young developers seeing similar difficulties in Europe? Honestly, this actually sounds more like a bug than an instance of creepiness. From my understanding, it sounds like MightyText scrapes in your SMS messages and allows you to read/respond to them from their client. Looks like it just picked up old messages and accidentally thought they were unread. Otherwise, this isn't just run-of-the-mill tech company creepiness, it's fraud like the dating websites advertising "3 messages waiting for you." Original: http://www.businessinsider.com/sex-and-politics-at-google-it... Duh... honestly, what are you doing anywhere near Digital Ocean if you'd ever use 1234 as a password? I'd be very worried about a system like this in that it discourages preventative medicine, which is much more cost-effective on the long run. If people have a minimum copay, they're far more likely to hold off until treatment is urgent—and, thus, much more expensive. It's relevant to developers, in that some of what we do is tech-demos. Nicely done. Your demo at DemoDays was pretty cool ( http://demodays.co/ ). This graph of VC funding is probably the best evidence I know that we're not in a bubble: http://gigaom.com/2013/10/18/how-has-vc-funding-changed-sinc... Compared to the dot-com era, companies are raising negligible sums. Maybe you can get $2M for a failure, but you're not seeing pre-traction companies raising $300M. Similarly, every IPO we've seen has been of a company which actually has real value. Facebook is already profitable and Twitter is seeing real revenue. Even the Snapchats of the world have a lot more going for them than their dot-com cousins: people actually use them. Talk about niche... I really don't get the desire to (solely) "express their moments alone." Articles like this are proof that there isn't a bubble. The defining characteristic of bubbles is irrational exuberance—everyone feeling that the sky is the limit. Instead, we have an environment where articles like this come out on a regular basis and I probably hear "when this bubble pops" daily. Everyone is afraid that we're in a bubble. So we're probably not in one. Be greedy when others are cautious. Since the pundits are cautious, it's probably a good time to invest. Despite knowing this to be true, I still actively trade the majority of my investments. (My retirement fund is in low-cost index funds.) Why? Because I like playing the lottery with stocks. On average, I might do slightly worse than the market but I retain the potential for massive, life-changing upside. And that's really all that matters to me. If I put $100,000 into index funds I might reasonably expect that to be worth $108,000 next year. That would literally not change my lifestyle at all, as it's approximately equivalent to accepting 1 or 2 extra short contracting gigs. If I put $100,000 into stocks I personally pick, I might unreasonably expect it to be worth $1,000,000 next year. That would definitely change my lifestyle. I can also reasonably expect it to be worth $0, which I'm fine with considering I'm young and gainfully employed. I just don't see the problem with buying stocks as lottery tickets whose expected value is 1.03% (sub-market) but whose potential value is 1000%. > I think that people blame the ads for the performance and experience issues And they're right. Ads slow things down, especially because many ad networks are still using archaic JavaScript. (Lots of document.write...) You're definitely using the wrong metric to assess how much JavaScript is used. Look at total weight, not total requests. Just because a site combines and minifies its libraries doesn't mean its not using them. As for why publishers use more JavaScript than tech companies, it comes down to the amount of technical talent. Maybe 10% of a digital publisher's employees work on the tech team, as opposed to ~50% for a tech company. Given these resource constraints, JavaScript requests proliferate due to two reasons: 1. With less time, engineers turn to external libraries more often to get things done even when they could address the problem with less code if they wrote it themselves. 2. We can't necessarily spend the time to tune everything and combine/minify libraries for peak performance. That being said, I'm sorry performance sucks. I'm working on it. Can anyone recommend good tools for analyzing performance bottlenecks on the web? > - The gigs compound: in 9 years, it's 2-4, and in 18, 4-8 per year. Ideally, my hourly rate also increases, though perhaps not exponentially. Still, I really meant the gigs purely as a comparison point... even $16,000 after 9 years isn't much of a lifestyle difference. > Hmm, if you can reasonably expect to gamble away $100k without much worrying, congratulations, and also this article probably wasn't' written with you mind. I'd actually argue that a good number of people with $100k savings could easily lose it without much worry because if you're able to save up that kind of money you probably already have a good enough job to replenish your savings after a few years. Wow, that's awesome. I only wish I had anywhere near that capacity. Unfortunately, I think my developer mindset actually makes physical hacking a lot harder due to 2 phenomena: 1. Code is cheap. Materials are not. I'm used to being able to churn out additional code with basically no cost to get things done, not to repurposing existing code (this is different from refactoring to abstractions). 2. Laziness is a quality in software development, but a major obstacle in physical development. I'll quickly abandon physical projects because I can't find an optimally efficient hack to finish things in minimal time. > When i was taking my first programming related class, algorithms, the teacher told us we were like architechts, there shouldnt be errors/failures. Is it accepted for them to say: whoops building fell, guess i'll rebuild it? That's an absolutely terrible approach to software development. You can test a program as many times as you want before releasing it, but there's no equivalent iterative process for making a house. If you develop with that attitude, you'll never get anything of real value done. After all, "le mieux est l'ennemi du bien." Yes. > Tools and equipment: It seems that the roommate did not use a lot of them. You can buy the best electronic screwdriver but you can also very often achieve the same result with a cheap screwdriver or even a kitchen knife. But the point is only that he only had one door. No room for trying it, breaking the door, and then trying again (your door is broken). Coding is the opposite: you get infinite retries. > For me digging deep into some code base, grepping the docs, reading some code in language I am not familiar with or that I dislike is exhausting, mentally and physically. I actually sweat a lot doing that, and it is the kind of sweat that stinks. Doing some woodwork is often less tiring, and the sweat it produces does not smell that bad. I envy you. I love everything on a computer (and never exhausting). Doing anything physical makes me completely miserable (possibly because I'm in terrible shape). To follow the logic of this article, it could just as easily be titled "the fair price of gold is zero." Gold billion has no value as a monetary instrument. But obviously it, like Bitcoin, has value as a unit of account because it is scarce. Because the New York post is definitely a reliable source. This is a totally nonsensical post. If you're not friends with the person, the ability to write a small post about it isn't going to change that. If you are friends with them, then the lack of a message doesn't matter. As for following up after conferences and such, the proper protocol is an email. LinkedIn is networking. > It's a removed form though. In person networking is far superior. Agreed. Honestly, I wasn't even familiar with the idea that someone would even consider adding someone on LinkedIn who they hadn't already met in person. LinkedIn is just a useful addition to that in person meeting. This is a joke, right? One thing I don't understand about long-term unemployment is why you wouldn't immediately start freelancing if you couldn't find a job. Start a company, take occasional contracts, and list that on your resume. Boom, no employment gap. Can someone explain why people don't just do that instead of complaining about "discrimination?" Heck, I myself would never hire someone who had been unemployed for a year and lacked the ability to either get a job or start their own thing. Maybe I wasn't clear. This doesn't have to be a real company in the sense that it actually generates profit. All you need to do is file for DBA and start accepting really low-paid gigs off a site like elancer. And yes, you can literally just snap your fingers to get those. The point is you're not starting the company to actually succeed. You're just starting it to list something besides unemployment on your resume and hence get a real job. > In 30 years, there's a good chance that you won't be using any of the technology that you're using today. Spend the next 20 years doing the same technology in a big company and you might find yourself with a big problem. I don't doubt that it'd be different technology. But why would I not evolve? I'm constantly learning new languages and techniques through side projects. People who aren't constantly pushing themselves to learn more probably should get left behind. This is why I just write everything in ISO_8601. My fellow Americans (excluding my CS colleagues) might think it's a little odd, but there's no room for confusion. Well, at least he admits he's an idiot. Fun idea! I just signed up with an old domain, hope someone else might have the time to do something hilarious with it. Sorry, but I just don't see what was unclear about the original conditional. Anyone with a basic grasp of logic could parse it instantly. As for the refactoring, that might be a good choice (I myself prefer positive boolean methods) but it's not a logic lesson. This is really ridiculous. I used to have some sympathy for their cause—through no fault of their own, they're being priced out of their neighborhood. But the point where they start physically attacking employees is the point where they lose any respect. Employees aren't trying to get them evicted. Heck, at least they're taking shared transit instead of private limousines. Sorry, but they've reduced themselves to common hoodlums and should be treated as such. No evictions? Evict every person who participated in a violent attack on their neighbors. What are the police doing in that video? Shouldn't they be arresting protestors for blocking traffic? I particularly enjoyed the insinuation that tech employees are living among and extensively using prostitutes. > They? Only one of the protest groups did anything, the other groups have just been protesting. I don't think it's reasonable for everyone to drop support for these guys because of a couple of assholes. But the other group also condoned the actions of the hoodlums and declined to disagree with their tactics. One of the SF organizers declined to condemn violent protest and said it was "understandable that people are angry." http://pando.com/2013/12/20/breaking-protesters-attack-googl... > As a New Yorker, this surprised me too. Tech companies should consider supporting the budgets of the SFPD et al. Seriously. NYPD would be all over them blocking traffic and breaking windows. This title is hyperbolic linkbait and should probably be changed. From skimming the paper, the only real flaw that seems broadly applicable is in autofill features which I'm not sure 1Password even has. Those intuitively seem like a bad idea and are easy to disable. I very specifically used the word "condone" because it's meaning generally is around failing to stop or disagree with unacceptable actions. Criminals can't, for example, condone crime—rather, they participate in it. Its police who condone it by standing by. Likewise, leaders of a protest movement have to specifically say that violence is an unacceptable tool in their movement. (See MLK.) The other protestors didn't remain silent. They were interviewed and given the chance to respond to the violence of the other protestors and deliberately phrased their responses so as to not condemn violence. > Consider: you're either with us or you're with the terrorists. But wait, what if I'm not with either of you? What then? Perhaps you're a Muslim cleric, or one of the many people who simultaneously condemn terrorism and American foreign policy. Right, and that default should probably be changed. But that doesn't justify this clickbait title which is simply untrue as nowhere in the report does it say that passwords are shared "everywhere." Yes it is. They literally threw a rock at the window, shattering glass all over. That could easily have hurt an employee. Interesting article, especially since I always assumed that having an uncommon name is beneficial. I'm "morgante" virtually everywhere and people tend to remember my name pretty easily. There has to be some benefit to that. On the other hand, it definitely seems like we could be looking at an instance of correlation. My educated, left-wing parents chose a fairly unusual name and that also reflects how they raise me. So it's hard to disassociate any of my name from my upbringing in deciding any impact on life outcomes. Probably the best studies in this are the ones comparing siblings, but even those are susceptible to third variables (perhaps second children are more likely to get a common name, and are certainly raised differently). So is http://foxnews.com . Good riddance. This is why nobody should ever use a debit card... just get credit cards. It's definitely possible within a couple years (I've done it). Just live a very frugal life (have some roommates) and you can easily sock away several hundred thousand dollars. In most companies, if you're a programmer you'll also be working with people who make a lot less money than you. If they're managing to survive in the area, just live like them and you can save lots of money. > You'll have a hard time moving up the ladder on Wall Street or in Silicon Valley if you live in a low-COL area. You have to signal confidence to be groomed for promotions, and that requires buying a house in an expensive place (Brooklyn Heights is OK in most circles) and sending your kids to brand-name private schools. That's true, but that's also only if you really want to be moving up a lot in finance. Elsewhere, you can make $150-200k as a developer without anyone caring where you live. Just live off $75k and save the rest—soon enough you'll have a couple hundred thousand dollars in savings. Agreed 100% on the value of eliminating personal financial risk. However, I do think that it's possible to get enough traction for investment without taking on any personal financial risk. You can build an MVP over nights and weekends and start selling it enough to demonstrate market need. For good VCs, that + a compelling story should make them interested. This is an article about return, not risk. Taking VC money in no way increases your risk—you're not personally liable for that money and a failure still ends with $0. I'm not sure whether the change in return value matters enough to avoid VC money, but I do know that taking VC money absolutely 100% decreases personal risk. If you bootstrap, you're investing both your own time and your own money. If the company fails, you've just lost a lot of time AND wiped yourself out financially. That's a huge risk. If you take VC money, you're only investing your time. Yes, you might make less money off middle outcomes, but you've also eliminated all financial risk to yourself. There's no way that you walk away from a venture-backed startup with less money than you had going in. I don't think anyone should consciously be advising the first option (bootstrapping) to anyone who is risk-averse. Honestly, it's almost impossible to make a good solution to this without console.log. We need some way to inspect the undocumented grids and rectangles you've given us. Likely nobody would even realize. It's not like the telcos would block sites. Instead, suddenly Netflix loads a lot slower than Comcast. Blame Netflix and move on. It's awfully hard to discern a point in this rambling piece. But I'm not sure what she expects. She and other liberal arts students constantly complain about the 1%, but they're the ones who chose to go into a field which the market doesn't reward. Yet they're the same people who scoff at and disparage people studying finance or computer science. We chose to study lucrative things, a choice which is equally open to them. Ultimately, we have to confront the fact that certain industries just don't scale. We don't need more English majors or artists, so if you choose to study that it's your own choice. Welcome to the free market. Netflix might have the clout to do so, but a small startup which nobody has heard of never would. Ultimately, the consumer mindset is never to blame their provider. They blame the website. If you come to my site and it's throttled, there's a high chance you'll click away and never come back. Definitely an unfortunate situation, but also not surprising. Sounds like the investors didn't do any real due diligence. Just another reminder that it's rarely a good idea to exchange money with "friends." You can use Slate to get exactly that: https://github.com/jigish/slate Slightly off topic, but it's fascinating to me that we're not seeing any of the major effects of overpopulation that Harrison imagined despite having surpassed the numbers in his book. Maybe the Green Revolution? Or the realization that not everyone in the world has to live in New York City. Am I the only one who feels that rap/hiphop has become the dominant culture in tech (see VC darlings Rap Genius)? These days, having a traditional professional demeanor and not knowing a thing about Drake seems far more likely to get you ostracized. > When your country hits the oil jackpot, your job is to convert the oil money to real industry. You don't splurge on mega-hotels, distribute the money frivolously, etc. You need to use it to create the basis for a non-oil-dependent economy. In many cases, building mega-hotels is preparing for a post-oil future by establishing yourself as a tourism center. Witness Dubai, which basically has run out of oil but sustains its economy nonetheless. Abu Dhabi, also in the Emirates, has followed the Norwegian model by building up a massive sovereign wealth fund which can replace/stabilize oil revenue indefinitely. Their fund is the second largest in the world, despite having a substantially smaller population (it works out to about $1.4 million per citizen). > Did Dubai ever have much oil wealth on its own? Dubai is also an overbuilt mess right now, a city can only support so many 7 star hotels (whose guests are mostly rich from oil anyways coming to Dubai to play). Dubai certainly had a lot less oil to start with, which is why it expanded so aggressively. Definitely overshot the mark there, but the issue isn't catastrophic (they do have a strong tourism base). > Is Abu Dhabi oil owned by the citizens, or by the royal family like in Saudi? Later down the line, that will be quite an important distinction. It's owned by the national oil company which manages it for the government. Part of the revenue is diverted into expansion, part into the sovereign wealth fund, and a lot into subsidies and benefits for citizens. Generally speaking the UAE is managed much more equitably than Saudi, with the benefits of oil money used to aid all citizens (for example, universal healthcare). > "Hey babe, need you to stop buying expensive items under company's funds" > "fine, since you don't love me you can marry someone else" Phew ! Sounds like you dodged a bullet there (marrying someone lacking basic moral integrity). I think the whole liberal arts majors issue is a red herring. The problem students aren't the ones studying liberal arts, indeed they aren't even usually attending liberal arts institutions. I'd bet more on a literature major from Harvard winning out over a CS major from University of Phoenix. The issue is lots of third-rate universities proliferating for people who just don't belong in college. That's the bubble—not particular majors. In fact, many of these terrible universities offer far more vocational/non-liberal-arts majors than the elite universities. You won't find communications majors at Yale. Indeed, the abundance of liberal arts majors is probably an indicator of a quality institution. My question is how does a service like this not violate Apple's requirements? Isn't this a super easy back door around the App Store? Just submit a nice, simple app to Apple and inject offending modifications via Taplytics. I do think the liberal arts teach you something. Critical reasoning matters. So even if the actual content of what you learned is irrelevant, the way you learned it is helpful by teaching you to be a good thinker. For example, a lot of philosophers make great programmers. Not because they specifically learned important things in philosophy, but because they know how to think logically. > I'm more impressed by the critical thinking in the physics department than the philosophy department, but departments like philosophy and law are way ahead of the pure activist studies departments, because they tend to genuinely reason about issues from multiple perspectives, not just proselytize the approved one. Eh? I'm not sure what your college experience is based on, but I don't even know what you mean by "activist studies" departments. Most humanities classes don't even touch contemporary politics, and I couldn't even guess the political leanings of (for example) my literature professor. I'd probably agree with your criticism when it comes to, say, gender studies. But the majority of liberal arts classes don't involve the "teacher's political agenda." In my experience, it's extremely possible to do well while completely disagreeing with the professor as long as your argument is well-reasoned and articulate. What do you expect from Android users? In general the Google Play store is a far more bizarre and spammy atmosphere... > Sigh. What did i expect from a web designer? /s I'm not a web designer... This is completely egregious. Deleting now. I love that the developer's defense is that he could have sold our passwords to someone but (supposedly) didn't. That really instills confidence in his morals, doesn't it? > If your answer is "some employers wouldn't consider you as an applicant without the proper degree" do you want to work for that sort of employer? Unfortunately yes. A lot of the top technology companies are still saddled with the notion that academics matter. Yuck. The idolization of assholes in our industry continues. Not sure whether you meant to agree with me or not, but that's precisely my point. Only now we're even appropriating assholes from other industries. Also, I doubt all these tech figures are actually assholes. Arguably they're forced to adopt those personas publicly by an industry which demands it. It's a happy story, and I'm sad to see all the naysayers in this thread. I really don't see what's unethical about his behavior. He never lied about his views and his fiancee knows the whole story. It seems like a totally rational response to the insanities of online dating. Especially as a guy, you have to message hundreds of women to even get a handful of replies. Through automation, he's equalized the playing field so that, like women, he has the opportunity to filter only amongst those who have already expressed interested in him. No more time/effort wasted on women who never reply. I actually was working on an automated framework for batch messaging and a/b testing on OKCupid ( https://github.com/morgante/abcupid ) before realizing I don't have time for a relationship. No, there's not. In what universe is (optimistically) 5 data points a sufficiently large sample? Here's a hint: people don't Google for Google. I'm sure some people do search for 'google' but it's definitely not as popular as Facebook. Put another way, if we're going to follow the thesis that Google and Facebook search traffic are equivalent, the graph linked above would mean that Facebook is a much larger business than Google. > Does anyone on planet earth feel like engineer wages are/were artificially low? Yes. Just because wages are high does not at all prevent them from being suppressed. There's actually pretty strong evidence that wages are suppressed across the board in tech. In near-perfect labor market equilibrium, you'd expect employers to not have open headcount for extended periods because if they're unable to hire for a position they rationally increase its salary. Yet in tech you see many/most companies with near-permanent open headcount who still steadfastly refuse to increase salaries outside certain predefined bands. Whether such behavior is consciously profit-driven or unconsciously motivated ("non-managers should never make more than $200k") I don't know but it's largely the reason for the longterm hiring crunch. Definitely a cautionary tail. And a reminder that we should often ignore the FUD and put (some) faith in digital systems. Specifically: 1. Enable full disk encryption.* Unless you lose your memory, this should never prevent you from losing files. If you're still concerned, store a backup of the phrase in a very secure location. 2. Make offsite backups. Encrypt them. * One of the things I love about Boxen is that this is enforced across the board. That's also the beauty of software development—I don't need to have a fancy degree or work ridiculous hours as an associate/intern to get a job in it. I definitely buy that software developers have a huge veil of ignorance[1]. We accept lower salaries today because we assume that one day we might be in the ownership class. But this is somewhat reasonable, at least vs other forms of labor. (A line cook will never end up as a millionaire, but a developer might by either founding a startup or getting options on the right one.) 1: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veil_of_ignorance > So, for those in the industry we need to find ways to add barriers to entry so that our salaries are protected. This argument for professionalization is fundamentally flawed because salaries are not suppressed by an excess of supply. Just look at all the companies who constantly have open headcount. If wage suppression in our industry were caused by an excess of supply, you'd expect there to be lots of unemployed software engineers—but there are barely any. You'd never see firms trying so hard to poach from competitors and agreements like this would be totally unnecessary (nobody bothers to recruit passive candidates if people are queueing up to get hired). So, this argument for professionalization is completely flawed. Professionalization imposes a price floor but we're dealing with a price ceiling (firms unwilling to pay the higher market rate). In such a scenario, a price floor is completely useless. Personally, the day somebody demands that I get a certification to be a software developer is the day I quit developing and go put my econ education to use on Wall St. At least in finance there's a pot of gold waiting after all the hoops. Thus we see the inevitable result of a culture which encourages internet filters: full on censorship of divergent, but legal, views. Wow, quite the Google PR piece. Certainly something aspirational. Though it's unfortunate to see the outdated myth of Google being an apolitical meritocracy still being spread. These days Googlers certainly have their share of politics. Dropbox and Box are, for the moment, still startups. Twitter isn't since they've IPOed. I agree that security questions are 100% a joke, in that they're completely useless and potentially represent an attack vector. Unfortunately some services have the annoying habit of randomly providing multiple choice for these (ex. TradeKing). So my qgwpagprgqrgwasr2q really sticks out as an odd answer for my first car, making it even more guessable than the real answer. There really needs to be a way to completely opt out of these systems for competent consumers. I'd never need a password reset, so they shouldn't allow it. Or, if requested, just never allow password resets. Period. You'd think a site called YC Universe would actually know about YC. The $20,000 is absolutely not meant to last a year. It's meant to last a summer, only enough time until the startup can raise their first round which should ideally be the end of the summer. Maybe a bit after if they're having difficulty. Any startup trying to survive for a year on $20k has already failed. Also, from a linked article, this gem: [1] > The terms originally made sense because YC was unproven and only funding eight companies at a time. Almost ten years later, Y Combinator has turned into a semi-annual factory of 50 companies... That's precisely why terms can stay this way. Funds with less of a reputation and track record have to kick in more money, not less, because they bring less to the table without it. A VC like YC could effectively give $0 and probably still be worth the 7% for the connections/track record alone. 1: http://ycuniverse.com/y-combinator-companies-potentially-wor... That's an extraordinarily generous definition of hacking. Seriously. It's not just Twitter... If only tech journalists actually knew something about tech. > Did you miss the part where you can't avoid paying the fee? If you hate your provider that much, you can always cancel, which is not the case here. Is not having internet service really a viable choice in modern America? It's sad that a service like this exists. Taking a walk isn't a horribly dangerous activity and it's sad that our society has conditioned us to believe it might be. Live a little. EDIT: Sorry for the overly negative comment. I'd never personally want this, but Afforess makes a great comment about alternative demographics. You're right. I didn't think of alternative demographics where taking a walk has a statistically higher chance of being dangerous. Sorry for forgetting that not everyone is healthy and young. Though I fear it's likely going to be an uphill battle for a little app like this to reach the people who aren't. Fair enough. There are definitely use cases for this, including some that I myself might consider (such as when I go out on random solo backpacking trips in the desert). So it's more an issue with the marketing choice of using taking a walk as the example, which I think is one of the worst possible options and possibly perpetuates a culture of fear. Awesome release, especially since I can now use Docker on OS X without having to boot up a full Ubuntu VM through Vagrant. If anyone else is using Boxen, I packaged up a quick Puppet module to get up and running with Docker on OS X: https://github.com/morgante/puppet-docker >3) You claim to be penniless, but you spend you money on Uber all the time because you can't drive in the snow? Can you expand on this? Don't you think that Uber is an expensive choice for someone in your situation? It says that he won a credit. Hence, being free, it does sound like the cheapest option. SEEKING WORK - Remote (but often in NYC) I'm an experienced full-stack web developer looking for a project I can help to architect and build from the ground up. I've helped startups to build their technical stacks in the past and am comfortable with most aspects of product development. Specific experience in Javascript (frontend and Node), PHP, Python, Ruby, MongoDB, MySQL, etc. Check out my personal website ( http://morgante.net ) or GitHub ( http://github.com/morgante ). Looking for a project I can start very soon, probably at a discount to my normal rates. Get in touch - me@morgante.net Contact info? I've worked on frontend development for a number of projects, most recently for Business Insider. You can see more on my personal website ( http://morgante.net ) or GitHub ( http://github.com/morgante ). Looking for a project I can start very soon, probably at a discount to my normal rates. - me@morgante.net I don't understand how she had any claim to this. I'd expect that everyone working on the film signed an IP agreement releasing all moral rights. I don't understand why the data being on "Google servers" is generating such outrage. Google almost certainly has superior security to this "PA Consulting" or even the government itself. There is a clear cognitive dissonance in articles like this and the actions of protestors. They highlight on the extreme wealth of certain founders/executives, yet direct their wrath (and stones) on the entire tech industry. Regular Facebook employees aren't Mark Zuckerberg, and certainly aren't paid like it. Most tech workers make less than twice the median family income in the Bay Area—good pay, but not obscene. If people have a problem with income inequality, they should be siding with tech workers—we're way closer to barista wages than being in the 1%. So why are tech workers the ones getting attacked? You can bet Larry Page isn't taking the bus, but he's the one making the money. For the 1%, I was using the $394,000 figure put forward by Emmanuel Saez. [1] At $140k or anything near it, you're far closer to barista wages ($30k?) than the 1%. [1] http://www.forbes.com/sites/phildemuth/2013/11/25/are-you-ri... It's not that developers don't have paid vacation. Most companies have at least 2 weeks, and a lot of tech companies give unlimited. Rather, it's a culture of working which discourages you (but doesn't prevent you) from taking that vacation. As a student, it's honestly 50% brand, 25% perks, and 25% delusions. Brand in the CS sense is still huge. For some reason students just seem to love working at companies that are famous in the tech circle. Perks also have a disproportionate impact on students who are used to college life and also don't quite internalize costs. We'll take a salary cut to have silly fringe benefits like laundry. Finally, I think two delusions play a huge role: (1) That big companies offer more "interesting" work, which I think is empirically false. You're far more likely to be fixing bugs in old code in one of these large/famous companies than inventing new algorithms. (2) That "interesting" work is desirable. I honestly don't understand why students especially think they're above working on a CRUD app. Sure, it sounds "cool" to be dealing with things at Google scale, but I'd personally rather have a tangible impact on a company's core product. Personally, I don't buy into any of the hype and turn away all recruiters from brand name companies. I can make twice as much, and work reasonable hours, in building "uninteresting" code for random startups... Totally read this as scaling at Etsy. Still interesting though. And somewhat accurate. That's a great idea. A hackathon on a train would be ridiculously fun, even cooler than the Startup Bus. I feel like one of the reasons YC isn't bullshit is that they do less . Companies don't work out of YC, there isn't the strange emphasis on "networking" that you see in most incubators. Put simply, by offering less shit they exclude opportunities for bullshit. I'm not surprised that a journalist managing an 80-person team was paid $200k+. What I am surprised by is how he ever ended up working retail with a salary like that. I'd expect him to have saved up enough to last a year or two of low expenses. > 300 = retail pay per month. No, that was his pay per week. His monthly pay in retail was $1200. What does that mean? > The $25 socks his manager gave him were an "impulse buy" in his former life. Wonder no more! Anything visiting family means you have to stay in a hotel That part did seem odd to me. If they're true family (ie. worth visiting), why isn't he staying with them? > I have always wondered why don't Government have regulations in place that forces a borrower to purchase a life insurance. Or at least make the borrower opt into insurance by default with the option of opting out. Because that's literally an unfair subsidy for insurance companies off the backs of homeowners. Insurance isn't a scam, but it is trading some reward to decrease risks. Probabilistically, you're better off saving the insurance money. I'm not saying that's the best choice for everyone, but it should be a choice. Personally, as a single adult I'd never consider life insurance——nobody would be financially ruined if I died, so I'm much better off rolling all excess money into the stock market. > Instead of donating to this guy I'd prefer to advocate for a free health system and a system that doesn't fuck up a family that has had enough bad luck to see its father die. It doesn't appear that health care costs are a major issue in this scenario. Even with universal healthcare, a dead breadwinner is going to significantly impact a family's financial situation. I highly recommend long hikes/walks as a method of realigning yourself (and improving health). For my father's 60th birthday, we hiked the 270 miles of the Long Trail. It was a grueling experience at first, but one of the best things I've ever done. We became much closer afterwards, and I lost about 40 lbs. Is this really meant for just bank accounts (ie. checking+savings)? If so, I don't understand how anyone is answering more than $10,000. Nearly all your assets should be invested, with just enough cash to handle immediate expenses. Then you aren't marking $150,000+. Sure. But there's absolutely no reason your entire emergency fund has to be in cash. Sure, keep the first month or two in cash but anything beyond that could easily be kept in an investment and liquidated when necessary. Not necessarily low, but not enough to compensate for being disrespected within company culture. I don't think that was intended as a sexist remark at all. Rather, it was a pointed jest at the Hollywood trope of "nerdy girls"—basically making fun of Hollywood for being sexist. http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/BeautifulAllAlong That's referenced in the article itself. The phrasing was intentional, to fulfill Betteridge's law of headlines. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge's_law_of_headlines It's certainly a troubling trend, but it's not as troubling as it seems. One huge factor is the corresponding increase in financial aid, particularly at top institutions——if you came from a poor family several decades ago, you would have had to work your way through Harvard, now you will get full aid and can even get grants for summer activities. That's honestly a huge boon to meritocracy which we should not forget about. All these people pushing for the elimination of aid and a shift to market mechanisms need to seriously consider the impact that a zero-aid, market-based system would have: a return to a time when only the wealthy could attend great institutions and everyone else is relegated to community colleges and second-tier state universities. That's what market mechanisms are great at: matching products to people's ability to pay. I dearly hope we don't actually want that for our country. It undermines the very meritocracy we pride ourselves on——if we can't get an equal education, regardless of economic ability, then the rest of the market-based American economy is a sham of wealth perpetuation. --------- On a completely different note, I do actually think it is possible to work full-time during college. I've done so for the past year, in a fairly intense job capacity. I'll be graduating with enough money in the bank for the down payment on a small house. Though universities aren't doing this yet, Upstart is: http://upstart.com/ I'm also a white kid from the lower middle class. :) Maybe you're not pursuing the right jobs? With a CS degree, even internships should be paying WAY more than minimum wage. Honestly I still don't get the hubbub over this algorithm change by Facebook. It's a scaling issue Facebook is attempting to solve, in a dramatically different (and IMHO superior) way than Twitter. On both networks, every time you look at your feed you'll only look at the top X items. On Twitter, that'll just be the X most recent items. On Facebook, those X items are picked algorithmically based on the degree of engagement. The latter seems 1000x better and more intelligent than Twitter, even though it technically means not every post I'm subscribed to will make it into my feed. As people spend more and more years on Facebook, we naturally accumulate more friends and pages (personally around 1200 friends and 200 pages). Thus, we're subscribed to more content. Far too much to reasonably make it into our feed. Given that X is fixed, the percentage of any particular source's posts which will make it into X should decline. It seems totally reasonable that which posts make it in are dictated by how much engagement those posts had. Instead of resorting to emotion, can you explain a compelling alternative for how Facebook could actually solve this? Yes, you have 4000 fans. But I'm 99% sure you're not the only page they like. They probably like many other pages, and also have many other friends (2 numbers that increase over time). Do you not see how it's literally impossible for every post I'm subscribed to reach me? This is purely a problem of scale. Most of my friends don't see my updates, because they also have many other friends. But my mom sees every single update I have because I'm her only Facebook friend. Perhaps it's annoying/confusing that Facebook gave you the option to monetarily combat the effects of a growing network. But organic growth also still works. You're acting as though Facebook has somehow blocked fans from visiting your page. They're of course free to do so. Given that you accept it's a statistical impossibility for all content I'm subscribed to to reach my feed, what we're debating is priorities. Before this algorithm change, I fully believe it was tilted too far in terms of brands—I received way too many updates from brands and few from my friends. What you call extortion is what every sane person in the world calls advertising. If a magazine writes a story about my business (free advertising), that obviously doesn't entitle me to free advertising in all future issues. Neither does Facebook once giving you free reach. > Does the payment requirement somehow supercede the best algorithms in perfectly balancing post activity? Yes. That's precisely the point. As a business, you can accept whatever the algorithm dictates or you can pay to override the algorithm (ie. advertising). No different than the tradeoff between hoping a magazine writes an article about you vs. guaranteed reach by purchasing an ad. > This statement is obviously and mathematically less true than it once was. I don't dispute this. It's the natural result of a growing network while people's attention stays finite. Just Google the article to bypass the paywall. > Instagram and Whatsapp are really different than Oculus, though. Indeed. They're much closer to FB's core product and hence that much more tempting to meddle with. Citing Betteridge's law of headlines, I'm going to say no. Scientists are having a hard time proving that porn even has an impact, let alone that the impact is negative. What are they even looking for? That children will somehow start practicing BDSM after stumbling on porn? That their "precious minds" are tainted by the Real World? Strongly disagree with simultaneously deleting branches and commented out code. We can (and should) safely delete commented code because we have branches which track the evolution of features and random experiments that might someday be useful. So long as the branches exist, we can always recover that code we just deleted. But there's not value in deleting old branches. They represent the history of a project's development and should be respected as such. Sorry, I didn't mean to actually imply that BDSM itself was bad, just that it's probably the sort of ridiculous thing the nanny-state types fear. That's very impractical for large-scale rewrites, which can easily touch dozens of files but still be abandoned (at least temporarily). History belongs, well, in history. > Overthrowing governments is completely at odds with humanitarian missions Is it? Oppressive regimes can pose a direct threat to human well-being and sometimes the best thing you can do for people's humanity is to overthrough said regime. I'm sure this will bring me lots of downvotes, but I actually applaud these tactics. Helping people in oppressive regimes to communicate freely with each other is one of the more humanitarian actions the US can take, and this sort of connectivity is critical in allowing people a degree of freedom even under totalitarian governments. Truly repressive regimes are out there, and without foreign interference and investment people might not have any access to dissenting views. As an example, look at the recent article from HN about Romania's brutal dictatorship.[1] VoA helped to play a major role by inspiring hope and providing alternative viewpoints within an oppressive system. Efforts like this (bringing internet connectivity and alternative service to oppressive regimes which filter internet access) are the VoA of our times. [1] http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-26838177 > When are we going after the house of Saud? There's actually been increased isolation from Saudi Arabia over the past year. Agreed. I definitely don't think we've always had the best policies on Cuba, and also am not entirely convinced Cuba is itself the best target of this sort of effort. But regardless I think the tactics themselves are commendable. Speech, not guns. There's more to well-being than being nominally healthy and literate. Cuba might have great doctors, but they're not much use to political prisoners. Cubans might be literate, but they can't read whatever they want. [1] 1: https://www.hrw.org/americas/cuba There's no reason those options have to be mutually exclusive. Sadly, I doubt ending the trade embargo would by itself push Cuba to allow free speech and open dissent. > So you'd support other governments doing it to America, then? Yes. I'd be the first to admit that the US isn't perfect, but we're certainly doing better at democracy than Cuba. When it comes down to it, in Cuba there's one and only one candidate for president. That's not distortion, and that's not democracy. > If you could live forever on the condition that you did not eat, would you say no? It entirely depends on how that condition materialized. Would I be hungry forever (but somehow live)? Then no. If I would never be hungry, then that sounds wonderful. To be honest, I can't imagine taking a laptop with me to the bathroom. It seems both awkward and fearful. I prefer to not live in an environment of fear, even in NYC. Statistically speaking, it's very unlikely that anything will be stolen, especially since I usually ask someone to keep an eye on it. Also, my insurance would cover theft——in many cases, renter's insurance or your credit card will. Personally, I don't have a problem with income inequality. If you work harder and are smarter than others, it seems reasonable for you to enjoy the spoils of that work. I do, however, have a huge problem with wealth inequality. For the most part, it's attributable to inherited wealth and dynastic fortunes. Even after decades of hard work (and a salary well into the 1%), your net worth will still be a pittance to the size of people's inherited fortunes. I have not once heard a compelling argument for why inheritance is a good thing for society. It's the opposite of social mobility and equal opportunity (supposedly American ideals) and only serves to concentrate capital in the hands of those with zero demonstrable ability to manage it effectively. It might be politically untenable, but I'd support a 100% estate tax. Originally, I was optimistic about the movement. The rent in SF is indeed too damn high. Sadly it's completely radicalized into an organization which harasses individuals for the crime of spreading capital and demands that Google fund anarchist communes. So much for anything positive (ex. better zoning) coming of it. > You must not have kids, do you? It may not be good for society, but do you seriously want to prohibit parents from being able to pass things down to their children? I don't have kids yet, but I do not intend to leave anything to them once I do. I'll make sure they get a good education, but will be donating my estate to charity. > Many families attach emotional significance to tangible property (land, a house, furniture, life insurance, etc), and stealing that from them because "you didn't earn that" is morally reprehensible. It's no more "morally reprehensible" than any other taxation. In fact, compared to "stealing" my personal wages (ie. income taxes), it's significantly more moral—it was never there's in the first place. > I guess the question is, when is your money your money? It is indeed your money once you've paid taxes on it. But leaving it to your children is a transfer , just as your employer paying you was also a transfer. As far as I'm concerned, payments to individuals based on zero productive activity should be taxed at 100%. EDIT: clarity Agreed, Sadly I think this movement is doomed to go the same way as Occupy. Sometimes I wonder if these kooks are hired by the real plutocrats and parasites (ex. real estate developers) to undermine the movement. Or if it's not just one giant surrealist joke. > I would not be surprised if people at the NSA, GHCQ and most state security services are going into overdrive right now to get access to anything and everything that is vulnerable to this bug. I assume the NSA has known about this bug for a long time and has been actively exploiting it. > I don't understand what advantage this has over just doing: ssh -D8080 username@server.name I used to do precisely that, but I think spiped has two major advantages: 1. It is more resilient on a flaky connection. 2. I trust the security of its codebase more than SSH, both due to its smaller footprint and cperciva's reputation. Looks like my server is having some issues. The post is also on GitHub. https://github.com/morgante/spiped-docker/blob/master/readme... Good catch. I'd been using the -f flag while troubleshooting (to speed up the initial connection), but have removed it now. > Um, how about a VPN, or ssh with dynamic forwarding? That's exactly what the goal of this is. Except it avoids using SSH over the public network, since spiped is more reliable and also (I think) more trustworthy. One takeaway for me from the heartbleed bug is to place less trust in large, general-purpose C libraries. Compared to SSH, spiped is a comparatively much smaller codebase, maintained by the excellent cperciva. > I'm now three years into DuckDuckGo, and still haven't hired. What? According to the company webpage, they have 20 employees. [1] This post seems purposefully disingenuous, just to make a point. 1: https://duck.co/help/company/hiring I wholeheartedly agree with this cause, but think the framing is terrible. It's clouding the picture by making things political when they don't need to be. Rice's support of the Iraq war does not matter. Dropbox will not be starting wars or having anything to do with them, besides possibly getting lucrative DoD contracts. Rice's position on torture does not matter. Dropbox has no reason or likelihood of torture. Rice's involvement with Chevron does not matter. If anything, this is evidence that she might be an okay choice. The only thing which matters is her position on warrantless wiretapping. It's not political. I'm just not comfortable having someone make key privacy decisions who, on the record, doesn't believe in my right to privacy. Even if (bizarrely) you think mass surveillance might be acceptable, you should oppose Rice being on the board. Our system works best when there's an adversarial relationship between actors—when the government comes knocking, corporations will at least ask a couple questions about why, even just to verify this is a legitimate government request. Having someone who designed, and firmly believes in, the surveillance state on BOTH sides of the table destroys that. So, yes, drop Dropbox. I likewise supported Eich and oppose Rice. This is because it's a matter of looking at whether there's a conflict between their stated beliefs and the way I'd like their companies to be run. In Eich's case, he was opposed to marriage equality. While I disagree with him, this does not affect his work because (thankfully) private corporations don't issue marriage licenses. In Rice's case, she supports warrantless wiretaps. This attitude (that government requests can and should be responded to even if they lack warrants) is directly applicable to the decisions and policies she'll guide for Dropbox. My privacy will be directly compromised. It's a matter of applicability and impact, not politics. > they're not at the scale of FB (where "traditional" solutions break down) I'm not so sure about that. Bloomberg processes an incredible amount of data, and they have strict latency requirements. In many cases, traditional solutions would in fact break down under those requirements. I think the saddest thing is how incredibly short the list of OpenSSL sponsors is.[1] Every major internet company should be on there—throwing thousands of dollars at this is far less than they lose from responding to the vulnerabilities. As a critical piece of internet infrastructure, everyone with a large (monetary) stake in the integrity of that infrastructure should chip in some. 1: https://www.openssl.org/support/acknowledgments.html All of that is really a waste of time. Regardless of the distribution of donations, it's basically chump change ( Most engineers should be able to make that in an hour. Heck, I'd be happy to pay that myself personally. Given the amount of money in tech, and how critical OpenSSL is to the internet, nobody should even be worrying about costs. The only question should be why every major tech company isn't already writing them a $xx,xxx check. upstart.com and pave.com are similar in concept to that. > Isn't it true that "liking" a page on Facebook gives the owner of that page information about your profile? It seems like the two calls to action for this article are contradictory. No more information than what's already public. This reads as how to run a company poorly and how to build a terrible company culture. Some gems: > they all finished work each day at 5:30. I remember watching “The Social Network” and admiring the passion and intelligence of the group of young engineers. Yep, a fictional movie about the founders of a social network is definitely a good benchmark for how much your engineers should be working—not standard professional hours. > We’ve been through three [lead designers]. Yes, blame the designers for ridiculously high turnover, where you have 3 people in the same position within a year. > a deficiency that I’m sure they sometimes exploit Right. Not trusting your technical employees and assuming they are trying to exploit you is a fantastic way to inspire passion and trust. In fairness, since she seems to be a pretty big fan of exploiting others, it's natural that she'd expect the same. > they worked day and night That is not a desirable thing, it should be considered a mistake in planning which must be avoided in the future. All in all, it sounds like she's building a terrible company to work for. Not surprising that she's (according to Crunchbase) only raised $500k. I agree, she does sound absolutely horrible. That being said, I think you're being slightly too harsh on business types in general. Yes, the vast majority are rejects who couldn't cut it in finance/consulting so ended up "doing startups." But there are also people who are in fact excellent but get sick of the soullessness of business. They can often even be leaving a role as a CEO-protege or private equity genius to follow a passion for solving a specific problem through a startup. Of course, as they are few and far between, it's pretty hard to find them. Especially since if they're actually competent they have the connections to immediately hire top engineers. One thing I've found is that, surprisingly, the closer you stay to their expertise the better they're likely to be. If some Harvard MBA is starting another social network, they're likely an idiot. But if a former bond trader is working on enterprise software for bond traders, it can often be that they really did leave because they discovered an interesting problem worth solving. At the very least, it means they're bringing a lot more to the table in an enterprise startup than "business experience." I thought this would actually be about maintaing a list of things not to do. Which actually seems like a great idea. As Jeff correctly notes, you don't need a to do list for the things which matter. The things which pile up on to-do lists are the small, unimportant minutia which don't have any material impact on your life. All they do is drag you down with the cognitive burden of things you "should" be doing. So, henceforth, I'm converting my "to do" list into a "to don't" list. A list of things I've given myself permission to never do and to never get distracted by. > But if ideas & tasks pop into your head daily then writing it down is a must. You are fooling yourself thinking your short-term memory is a sufficient tool. I see ideas and tasks as fundamentally very different beasts. Ideas do indeed pop into my head from time to time, but they're never something that requires immediate action—I note them down and can find them when I need inspiration. Tasks, on the other hand, are on the forefront of my mind if they're actually necessary. I really hate this term "emerging adults." Suddenly we're not full adults anymore, just because many people of my generation have failed to live up to the standard of adulthood? I really hope this isn't a trend/term which catches on and justifies continued ageism or the denial of rights. In general, I've always hated these "generational" descriptions. They're guaranteed to be woefully inaccurate for many people in the generation, yet provide ammunition for ageists to discriminate against young people. For my part, I haven't lived at home since I was 17 and, at 21, have a very "serious" job (which definitely pays the bills). I'm certainly not an outlier in this regard. The people who fail to do this are simply that: failures. (Though that failure isn't necessarily their fault.) Where does this fit in his theory of extended adolescence and infantilization? > For one, there's significant variance to how family units function across the human population. This article and discussion seem to be pretty squarely focused on the west (and particularly the US). I've lived around the world and realize that the norms are very different elsewhere, but here at least the expectation is for adults to leave their childhood home in their 20s and we have policies in place to encourage that (ex. mortgage tax incentives). > Yup, sounds 21 to me. Quick to anger and lash out, quick to judge, moral certitude, and lack of empathy. I might be quick to judge (often a useful trait), but nothing about this made me angry. And, in case you missed it, my second point (that it's not necessarily their fault) was specifically because I emphasize with the situation of people who are adrift in their 20s. As a country, I think we've in many ways failed them by providing insufficient educational and employment opportunities. That it's not their fault doesn't change the fact that living at home at 28 is a failure of the normal American life. > So blanket statements like this reek of cultural superiority and lack of education, frankly. Interesting that you dislike blanket statements, yet that's exactly what I was objecting to in the article (the blanket characterization of people in their 20s as "emerging adults"). Sorry, maybe my comment was unclear, but I didn't mean to imply that university students who don't pay their own way are "failures." While I might have been lucky enough to get substantial scholarships, that isn't the expectation/norm. The shift isn't in expectations of university students, but in expectations of new graduates. That's what this article seems to be focusing on, and the group which is generally lampooned more broadly (graduates who are still living at home). The term "emerging adult" does a lot of damage. Like you, I have a great role at a startup. But if our entire generation is lumped into a category of "emerging adults" who can barely hold down a job, our opportunities for advancement and appreciation are severely limited. People's experiences in their 20s are just too divergent (some people are still working temp gigs, while you're a VP) for any useful generations and labels like "emerging adults" only serve to discourage/diminish young achievement. Suddenly we have to be 30 to considered an adult, even if we're entirely self-sufficient? I'd like to think I'm a fairly passionate programmer, but I prefer cash prizes. Maybe not obscenely large ones (I'm looking at you, Salesforce), but all the prizes at major university hackathons seem totally reasonable. A well-organized hackathon is fairly bifurcated. You have new hackers who are there to learn and experienced hackers who want to tackle an ambitious project. For both groups, I think large cash prizes are useful. For the newbies, even if they're not planning to win, the prizes reinforce the message that hacking is something useful and worth pursuing (helping to counteract the societal narrative of geeks being lame). For experienced hackers, prizes are a way of affirming that you've accomplished something amazing, particularly since most of the coolest hacks will never generate other compensation for the creators. My personal reason for not liking product prizes is an objection to the accumulation of stuff. I really don't need yet another Arduino (won too many already) and would much rather use the money to take my family out for a nice dinner/etc. Most people don't need more things . The idea of experience prizes (a trip somewhere) is a good one though. I'm in New York and don't intend to go to the valley any time soon. Four reasons: a) The compensation game is less ridiculous here. With pressure from the finance industry, all companies (including startups) tend to offer decent salary and don't over-rely on equity compensation. b) I don't like driving. From my limited experiences, it seems that it's necessary to (occasionally) drive in the Valley. c) SV seems way over-hyped. Yes, people are building some cool things—but far more people are just making knock-off apps and it's all a bit of a bubble. When the tech bubble pops, SV will be hit the hardest. d) I don't want to live in a (tech) monoculture. It's interesting interacting with people from other industries and living in a real metropolis. > I don't think you pay several thousand dollars to stand in a backyard... Though I could be wrong. I've been to a number of high-class fundraisers/events held in back yards. It's pretty standard (obviously everything is spruced up nicely) to hold nice events in the yards of mansions. I actually like the payment system. Built-in monetization and no worries about how the project could be sustained. If it went to the friend, it'd create a perverse incentive for your friend to not actively encourage/support you. Sure, most friends won't consciously respond to this incentive, but I think subconsciously they'll care less. If it went to a charity, I wouldn't really feel bad about losing it. It'd significantly decrease the threshold of pain and thus decrease the incentive. Since it goes to the "greedy" owner, I feel all the more pressure to get it done. Love it. The idea has been tried before, but I've never seen an incarnation this simple. I like that there's no requirement to create an account (for either me or my friend) and the UI feels perfectly sized for the complexity of the task. Plus, it works. I'd been meaning to clean my desk for weeks, but after assigning $50 to getting it done today I finally did it. > You could hire someone to clean an entire apartment for $50. Obviously the point is to not lose my $50. > Didn't Altman just say that they sometimes do value companies differently? It seems like they're planning to significantly decrease that variation. Almost all companies will give 7%, and a few exceptional cases might give less. This move eliminates all signaling risks (7% is now standard, so it's not a mark against companies, and any deviation is likely upwards). To be honest, I imagine they'd all still exist even if YC gave no funding. A program like YCVC would exist (because VCs put inordinate trust in YC) and startups would get the funding they need. And, let's be honest, $120k really isn't a lot of money. Sure, it might be more than my net worth right now—but as an engineer I could easily save up that amount in less than 2 years. As someone who essentially took that path, I can't recommend it. My parents and I had saved up a decent college fund ($100k or so), but instead of using that to go to Top School I took the chance on a school which offered me a full ride. Sure, I'll be graduating about ~$140k better off than most other students. But over the lifetime of a successful tech entrepreneur that amount of money is fairly meaningless. Having spent a significant amount of time on top campuses (where most of my friends went), I often regret making that decision—the caliber of students is truly higher, and the friends/networks you have from a school like Harvard will pay dividends throughout life. Have you tried reaching out to other companies (or even VCs) to see if they'd do something similar? Not that $20k is a huge difference, but it seems like the dividends from funding a YC non-profit for nearly any player in the tech scene far exceed $20k. You guys are awesome. It's rare to see a company willing to put real commitment behind their talk of social good, and to see a startup doing so is even more inspirational. > Get the best of both worlds and do a master's at a top notch school. Glad that worked out for you. To be clear, my school is actually extraordinarily good academically (we're privately funded by an oil fortune)—it's just that the prestige of the name and student's isn't quite at Ivy quality. > Point being, everywhere you are has something to offer. Make the most of your situation! I'm doing my best, and doing pretty well (making 6 figures as a college sophomore), so my regrets are more social/intellectual than monetary. Though sometimes I wonder if YC would have accepted me if I had advertised my Ivy League stamps of approval (acceptance letters)... Maybe I'll go to Harvard when I get tired of developing and decide to "pivot" into management/finance. > If you're making 6 figures as a sophomore, have you considered putting in apps to transfer to some of the top tier selective colleges? Couldn't hurt. I've considered it, but HYPS essentially don't accept transfers. Plus, being in New York for the next year is very helpful professionally (I currently attend NYU). > Be glad you didn't. I don't think it would have sent a positive sign. Frankly, no one wants to hear about the things you didn't do, and things like acceptance letters and SAT scores don't matter going forward. I know (it's why I don't usually go around talking about how I could have gone to Harvard). Though it does sadden me that the VC and tech ecosystem is almost as prestige-focused as Wall Street. > You said elsewhere you go to NYU -- what's stopping you from maximizing your social and intellectual opportunities? Mostly that I don't have much commonality with those around me. Everyone seems to be focused on getting the "right" internship and studying, while I'd like to have meaningful conversations about intellectually intriguing topics. Plus, my general lack of social skills and nerdiness at a school which is decidedly not nerdy. Yes, you are a terrible business guy. You're letting your mindset (business guys = BS) and personal preferences (anti-phone) cloud your judgement. I'm a developer foremost but I've overcome my fear of the phone and understand that success requires meeting people around you halfway, on your terms. Nothing in this exchange was BS. All they were trying to do was get you on the phone, and then you immediately jumped to aggression ("You already told me that."). Perhaps that's not your preferred medium, but it is theirs. And, for the record, there might be very legitimate reasons for them wanting to keep this initial conversation on the phone (ex. they're thinking of ditching a contract). Of course, it's generally a bad idea to take a meeting without any agenda at all. But it's important to emphasize your cooperativeness something like this: "If you can send me a brief outline of the agenda, I'd be happy to take your call." It lets you get a better sense of what's going on without pushing them away. Also, by irrationally acting out ("No, you didn't even fucking tell me what you want to talk about.") you're likely losing significant opportunities. If someone wanted to, say, acquire your company the first step would be a phone call exactly like this one to make sure you're not insane. > This raises an interesting point: it is very useful to have a diversity of government because then one can see the effects of a variety of different legal and governmental structures and learn from them. Federalism at work. :) > See, this is why I'm not sure I like computer people anymore - overly pedantic, not advancing the conversation. I call that 'smart-stupid' -- so smart, yet dumb at the same time. I'm pretty sure most computer people don't like "smart-stupidity" either (hence the downvotes). If anything, I think engineers are more annoyed by bullshit/irrelevant pedantry than others. I actually didn't get that. Building a saas platform which solves real problems for real companies seems a lot more interesting than making yet another social app. I'd say it's mostly: - Landlords and real estate developers (who are making a killing in the current bubble) - B2B companies targeting startups - Professional services (lawyers, etc.) Chris Dixon has written about selling pickaxes in a gold rush: http://cdixon.org/2011/02/05/selling-pickaxes-during-a-gold-... Do people actually try to block sites from linking to them? That's as bad as the AP trying to charge people for links years ago.[1] It's just fundamentally against the nature of the internet: you don't get to control who links to you. That being said, I have sympathy for experience and could absolutely see why she might be disturbed by the (potential) HN response. Probably the best solution in such cases is to not post the article, or to protect it with a password. [1] http://techcrunch.com/2008/06/16/heres-our-new-policy-on-ap-... > Most executives can be pricks, dicks, a-holes, or a variety of other profane nouns at times. Being dramatically impolite can be used to improve clarity or emphasize an important lesson. I hate that such behavior is considered normal and acceptable. I don't understand what is "hilarious" about this graph. Have you open sourced the editor? It looks great! Uh, you do realize that "the black market" is a term for underground exchange, right? Not a literal location. As with any college campus, MIT surely has a healthy black market (buyers and sellers of alcohol, drugs, and various other illegal goods & services). With every student having Bitcoin, some will surely try to use it on said market. Or perhaps you also thought the stock market was a building in downtown Manhattan... At what point are you supposed to be successful, age wise? I'm 21 and my net worth is about 20 times more than most people my age (putting me in the top 0.05% of the world by income). But I definitely don't feel successful (no real relationships in my life), but maybe that's okay—plenty of time to figure things out in the future. As a developer and user, I love this. For many small apps, it just doesn't make sense to ask people to create a username/password, but I still want a way of authenticating them. This move gives me a way to leverage Facebook for that without users giving up any privacy. A total win/win. > So, why even make them log in? As a programmer, I surely hope you don't think the only purpose of user accounts is to gain personal information. Hacker News does not ask for personal information. Does that mean we shouldn't have to log in on HN? It's actually worse in some ways. The example I'm thinking of is Google Docs, which seems to be a very effective vector for phishing. With this change, all you'd see is "google.com" which totally seems legit for providing your username and password, without the additional form URL. Clicked this thinking it was about the real-time dashboard, mystified as to what could be not all good about D3. [1] [1]: https://github.com/jondot/graphene Consumers. SRS? > You can't be good at programming and bo (sic) good at managing. I don't think they are mutually exclusive. Sure, being good at programming doesn't imply you'll be good at managing. But there are plenty of great programmers who successfully > Programming is not a dead end job, if every company like google, atlassian or github does, I mean paying well their developers and treating this as a real profession. I don't buy this. Even at Google, there is a psychological cap on how much engineers can make—you'll never see a programmer pulling in, say, $10M a year. That's the point: as a programmer, there is a society-wide cap on your pay, some level at which you will eventually plateau. As a manager, there is no such cap: you can eventually be the CEO. This is absolutely a problem, and a dilemma I try to cope with. I'd like to think that I'm a pretty good programmer, but I know that if I continue down this path I will reach a plateau at some point. The hardest part for me to cope with is that the y-intercept of programming is significantly higher than that of business, but the slope is much less. So while I might be making twice as much as my business peers when I first graduate, they will eventually overtake me. Makes me wonder if maybe I should be switching my major to economics... does anyone have resources for people who have successfully transitioned from programming to management/business? > The DC and countless other sites could charge higher if they just sold more direct. Whatever happened to 'disintermediation?' Instead they hand over the inventory to a few lines of javascript because it's easy, lazy, and requires no salespeople. It's very hard to sell directly. You have to have significant scale for advertisers to even be interested in talking to you, and even if you reach that scale it requires a whole sales staff and tech support which, frankly, most (digital) publishers just don't have. > I can understand why locals view them as an invading army. I can't. The comparisons to colonialism are laughable, at best. Tech employees are predominantly Americans who chose to live in Silicon Valley. So apparently moving within your own country and establishing a lasting presence (including friends and family) in your home is colonialism and military invasion now? What exactly makes tech workers not locals? Many tech workers have lived in the Valley for over a decade. I surely hope that's long enough to establish that they are, in fact, locals. This is just ridiculous. I'm sure you didn't intend this, but the post ends up sounding very whiny and bitter. Instead of taking the opportunity to reflect on ways you could improve your pitch, you criticize the YC process. Also, during this critical time and considering the importance of YC partners, 10 minutes of partner time is likely worth more than the $1500 to YC. I'm not sure if you agree with me? That's precisely my point: I bet YC values its partners' time at more than $1500. Hence the to YC . I get closer to $4.6M/yr per partner. $1500 6 8 5 52/4 (there are 4 partners in an interview) Still seems high, but then you have to take into account that their work is very cyclical in that a lot of important decisions need to be made in this time period. While some certainly choose to leave finance for startups, I think they and far between. Who in their right mind chooses to give up a huge salary in favor of an equivalently time intensive startup which pays 1/10 as well? > data from the U.S. Census Bureau show that the number of employees aged 25 to 34 in the New York metropolitan area in finance and insurance fell to 109,187 as of the second quarter of 2013, down 19 percent from the second quarter of 2007. This definitely has nothing to do with the financial crisis which happened in the intervening years and the ensuing mass layoffs on Wall St. > It turns out they're leaving finance and entering technology. Not quite. It shows that people are choosing to enter technology instead of finance—not that people who already chose finance are switching to technology. It's an important distinction to make. Personally, I'm not planning to enter finance due to the general level of stress—particularly to gain entry. Yet, at the same time, if I were already in finance, I would find it quite hard to leave. > If that one tenth the salary is enough to cover your monetary needs, then why pay the price for the other nine tenths? What price? I think startup hours are nearly as grueling as those in finance. I think that's actually the point. On one side, we have low-wage work which is many ways the least-bullshitty. People at the bottom of the hierarchy are often the ones actually getting the work done. Then, on the other side, we have the layers of HR reps and people who exist only to mind the hierarchy—in many cases, being very well-compensated to do so. Between the two, there are few meaningful and well-paid positions left. I stopped at "collecting the data of all our private moves on the internet and applying their logarithms accordingly." Apparently programming is all about writing logarithms. That's quite sad. I can't imagine not (at least) calling my mother on Mother's Day. I would absolutely love AT&T and copyright holders to get into a long and protracted legal fight over this. Let the demons tear each other to bits. To be honest, I'm not so concerned about them looking at my packets. Well, more specifically, I take it as a given of the modern web that any data which people can mine they will mine. What is more concerning is how AT&T actually serves those targeted ads. Are they injecting ads into pages and modifying HTML? That seems like an incredibly disastrous procedure which would hopefully get them into trouble with content providers and even the FCC. I surely hope that's not the case. > The notion that the minimum wage is supposed to provide a living is a good way to remove young people from the job pool. Exactly. Imposing a price floor on labor does nothing besides driving up unemployment. I wish people would stop pushing for an increase in minimum wage. Fundamentally people are trying to subsist on low-skill jobs where the supply/demand realities aren't in their favor. That's the problem we need to address, either through a universal basic income (decreasing the supply of labor) or increased training. A minimum wage just distorts markets and leaves nobody better off. > Do you have any evidence to back that up? I know it was orthodoxy like twenty to twenty-five years ago, but I remember there were plenty of other theories in my university days. There have been dozens of studies which show a positive correlation between minimum wage and unemployment. Here's just one: http://businessinnovation.berkeley.edu/williamsonseminar/rub... > Pushing young people out of the job pool isn't such a bad thing if there's an educational alternative. That might indeed be true, but the problem with a price floor is that you have no control over which workers are displaced. I actually think in many places employers would prefer to keep the teens who can, ex. carry more boxes per hour, than older and potentially more vulnerable workers. Hence, the right solution is to attempt to shift the supply of minimum wages by ex. providing more support/incentives for college education. > Directly increase their disposable income with a minimum wage and I find it hard to believe there won't be an increase in spending in the economy - and that has its own multiplier effects. I'm actually not convinced of that. People living on minimum wage often have negative net worth and depend on credit for day-to-day expenses. Hence all that marginally increasing their wage will do is decrease their indebtedness, not increase their spending. Of course, a huge jump in the minimum wage would be enough to push every employed person into the middle class. But it would provide substantial incentives for automation and essentially eliminate low-skill jobs, creating mass unemployment. The downvotes are because you didn't make a clear point. Chicago has a high minimum wage and high unemployment, seemingly affirming the economic rule of price floors creating surpluses. So was that your point? Just stating a data point and then offering a generic platitude (things depend on things) isn't making a substantive contribution. That logic is flawed because you're comparing apples to oranges without controlling for exogenous factors. Perhaps the Washington economy has been growing which allows employers to both pay the higher minimum wage and continue hiring. If you want to do these terrible comparisons, I'll give you Norway where there isn't any minimum wage yet the unemployment rate is far lower than in Washington (3% vs 6%). > Would it be going too far to say the type of person who would most benefit from the nutritional advice of this column is also unlikely to be the type of person who reads the New York Times. Um, yes. I don't at all understand your point. That's the most ridiculous point I've heard in a long time. Are you somehow insinuating that overweight people are not well-read or intelligent? The many, many overweight NYT readers I know (including myself) would beg to differ. > And to the person who says that what people put into their mouths is, "generally out of their control" Your attitude is a terrible example of the moralistic viewpoint which this article disparages. Being overweight is in no way equivalent to a crime. Choice is not a binary. Of course people have some control over what they eat, but it's well established by science that different people at different times have different drives to eat. Or are you completely dismissing addiction as a phenomenon? > Everyone wants to be told that it isn't their fault that bad things have happened. Actually, the general cultural attitudes are to castigate overweight individuals for some sort of moral failing. In reality, it is substantially harder for different people with different genes to maintain a lower weight. Disregarding that is purely callous and is equivalent to denying the existence of phenomena like addiction. People are 100% accountable, but that doesn't mean we should ignore that it's harder for certain people to make the "right" choice. It also doesn't mean we shouldn't give them support and assistance to make the right choice. > How is it ridiculous? Because you're taking a correlation and eliminating the lower data point. Yes, people with better educations tend to eat better, but not by much. In fact, for adult males there is no correlation between education and obesity prevalence. [1] I, and the many other overweight NYT readers, certainly exist. We could also benefit from this article. Should we not get access to it because of your faulty moralistic viewpoint? > Should I not take responsibility for this? If I can't stop smoking is it "out of my control"? Of course it is partially in your control, but you totally missed the nuance. It would probably be much harder for you (as a smoker) to choose to not smoke a cigarette today than for me (as a non-smoker). That doesn't make me better than you, it's just an acknowledgement of addiction as a phenomenon. Acknowledging it helps us to build better for strategies for helping people to make good choices. Also, two individuals who have the exact same diet and exercise can weigh very differently depending on their genetic makeup and background. How is that their fault? > The food and quality of food that is available to many people is a factor, which is could be said is generally out of their control. I don't think it's helpful to blame the individual as we are all part of systems. What the fuck? I didn't even say that. Way to put words in my mouth. 1: http://www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2012/p0516_higher_educatio... Mixing replies and quotes from two different comments completely muddles the waters and confuses the issue of authorship. Please don't do that. If you looked a little closer at the report I linked to, you would find that "obesity prevalence among adult males did not vary consistently with level of education." Which is in fact exactly what I stated. Sure, NYT non-readers might on average be fitter than NYT readers. But that's hardly a reason for it not being beneficial to or interesting to NYT readers. By that logic, we should never post intro coding tutorials to HN because on average they'd be more helpful to the general public than HN readers. Don't buy into the cable PR. They have incredibly high margins and could easily make upgrades without further gouging customers. Seconded. I genuinely don't understand the (seemingly recent) obsession with "getting big." There are very strong reasons for wanting to lose weight and get fit, based on health reasons. I see absolutely no reason for a person working at a desk job to develop massive muscles which are literally only used in the gym. > PS: Obviously the question of causality remains contested. Are healthier people just stronger or do stronger people get healthier? That seems like a pretty big confounding variable. Fit people are generally both healthier and stronger. I highly doubt strength training, in itself, is the most effective way to increase longevity. > It's hard to separate the product from the creator. We can demand a higher standard of creators, but one of the consequences will be fewer creations. It's not a "higher" standard. It's the same normal standard of professional behavior I expect from anyone I do business with, and Rap Genius consistently fails to meet it. Rap Genius and GitHub aren't even in the same league. GitHub had some serious HR issues and internal mismanagement. Rap Genius has an entire brand, emphasized through every public appearance, of utter douchebaggery. To be honest, I don't see why having "hidden champions" is a desirable thing. The criteria: 1. is among the top three in its global market or is number 1 on its continent 2. has less than $5bn in revenue 3. and is little known to the general public. I'm certain the US has a plethora of companies which meet the first criterion, but we (rightfully) fail on the second and third. What is advantageous about a business culture where successful companies languish in relative unprofitability and/or obscurity? > Americans need to recognize that the purpose of innovation is ... to sustain productivity and employment growth in order to ensure real income expansion. That's a highly dubious criterion, one which Germany's inelastic labor market certainly has an advantage in. Since strong unions make it much harder to lay off employees in Germany, German manufacturers have substantially less incentive to invest in labor-saving innovation. Their American counterparts do, which contributes to our GDP continuing to grow steadily. Also, US manufacturing is certainly bigger than Germany's—it's just taken as a percentage out of a bigger whole: the US GDP per capita is nearly $10k higher than Germany's. [1] For the rest of us, it's well-accepted that one of the key drivers and outcomes of innovation is to increase output without increasing factors of production, including labor. Put simply, a more innovative society is almost certainly one that's losing jobs (particularly jobs in traditional sectors). Keynes, a favorite of socialists and liberals, absolutely acknowledged that the expected outcome of technical innovation is less and less work. [2] Though we've continued to invent new jobs for people displaced by disruption ("social media manager"), it's completely expected that employment is lagging in traditional sectors like manufacturing. By reasonable criteria, the US dominates Germany in innovation. We innovate people out of jobs. 1: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)_... 2: http://www.marxists.org/reference/subject/economics/keynes/1... I had the pleasure of taking a great Bayesian stats class in college and these methods seem preferable. Unfortunately, the requirement of priors (seemingly) precludes Bayesian stats from many A/B testing applications. For example, our site launches every article with 3 or 4 headline variations. A priori, we have no idea which headline will be most successful or even what the expected conversion rate is for that article. Is there any way to use Bayesian methods in such a scenario? > I feel bad that I cant get a job at the New York Times with my cs degree. You probably can, actually. "Data journalism" is a growing field. > Oh please, the amount of math and (physical) science a typical CS major goes through is pretty laughable compared to a math, physics, or chem major. It's usually on par with biologists with a bit more calculus. Sure, but CS isn't supposed to teach you physical science. It's supposed to teach you logical reasoning, and at that we definitely are better. Most "hard science" students I know struggle through parsing a basic decision tree. If I had to hire a logical thinker and couldn't hire a CS major, I'd definitely go for a philosophy major. Purely anecdotally, they're the only other discipline I've had a lot of success in teaching programming to. > enjoy heavy duty math or science Neither do I, and I'm a CS major. Google does engage in manual actions, but such actions are always reported in webmaster tools. He has apparently been unbanned. I have showdead off but can see his comment here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7816725 I strongly oppose unbanning him. He is severely mentally ill and frequently posts random off-topic rants. Even more worryingly, some of his comments are extremely offensive (I'd say intentionally so, except I'm not sure he has the capacity of intentionality.). His one redeeming feature is having enough technical ability to write an OS. That is absolutely not a reason to tolerate regularly posting content that would automatically get the poster banned. I like RoachDB. The idea is still there, but it's a little more fun. Impressive technology, but perhaps someone with more football knowledge could explain why they don't just paint lines on the field? I've yet to see any evidence that GitHub is "Bro Code heavy." Maybe I'm confused about the mission of Gittip, but I always thought it was (based on the name) supposed to support valuable open source work. Given this, it seems sad that the leaderboard prominently features people whose contributions are definitely not made in the form of git commits. That just seems like poking fun at a job applicant for no reason. Assuming last-modified headers weren't accurate on the website (as one would expect with some poorly crafted sites these days), that will indeed get the job done with a minimum of fuss and effort; assuming this is a one-off script, actually parsing the page would be pointless. Perhaps posting it to his blog was excessive, but it is a way of getting shared code out there. That's why you talk to a therapist who is legally bound to protect your doubts. > If you graduate from an elite university, and you are sharp enough to find the next wave to surf, America is still a fine place to be. But the cost of that education is crazy now. Your parents have to among the fortunate to afford it. Not really. That's a pernicious myth. The elite universities have amazing financial aid which actually makes it easiest to attend for those who can least afford it. The hurdle is getting in, which by definition is impossible for the vast majority of Americans. Not that any of this matters. The continued success of the elite is irrelevant to the continued struggles of the 99.5%. > But they are MUCH less affordable for and admit far fewer kids from ordinary educational backgrounds with middle class parents. That's just false. Huge numbers of middle class students enroll in elite institutions. My family is decidedly middle class and, in line with their standard financial aid policies, every elite university I applied to offered an aid package which would make it affordable. The total debt required would have been around $5k over 4 years (just books). Obviously this is just anecdotal, but I do elite education's unaffordability is a pernicious myth which keeps great students from applying. I think there's a pretty strong argument for moving to a Pittsburgh on sabbatical, but while I'm working I'd definitely stay in NYC/SF. Salaries here are substantially higher (I doubt devs make $150k+ in Pittsburgh, in NYC that's very achievable), and that makes a huge difference in accumulating savings. Yes, living expenses are proportionally higher here as well so I'm still only left with a small percentage of my paycheck. But that small percentage means a lot more because it can be spent on global goods like travel or savings. Spending a couple grand on a vacation is basically a rounding error in a NYC budget, but it'd be a decent chunk of a Pittsburgh salary. Similarly, saving just a bit of my income in NYC for a few years makes it easy to build up a large nest egg for a down payment on a beautiful house somewhere like Pittsburgh. If I'm way off base, someone please let me know. If it's actually possible to make $150k+ in a cheap area, or with remote work, I'd be interested to hear. Sorry, fixed that and thanks for the heads up. The h is very unusual. > Is WSJ really trying to argue that expats ate dodging tax rules, not taxes? Actually, yes. Maybe you didn't read the story, but it specifically talks about how the major burden for middle class expats isn't necessarily taxes but the penalties for failing to file specific paperwork. Anecdotally, this is certainly true for the expats I know (including myself). I didn't have to pay any US taxes, but the penalty for not filing excessive disclosure forms on all local bank accounts is very onerous. Seriously. I'd be very interested in offering him a job. Both are correct, though I believe "synch" is slightly British. This looks very, very cool. It's basically exactly what I've been looking for to make data journalism easier. Do you offer some sort of API for using the web interface? I'd love to bake BlockSpring right into our CMS. Feel free to contact me@morgante.net if you'd be interested in discussing. > Companies who still need high growth to justify their stock price (read: Apple) Terrible example. Apple in fact has a very low P/E for this sector (it's 1/2 that of Google). Apple could have zero growth and remain highly profitable for years. > You are not the same person while drunk. If you think that the person you are while sober is a better person, you have a perfectly valid reason for not drinking. What if I think the tipsy me is a better person? He's much more outgoing, interesting, and far less socially awkward. > Public transportation is typically worse than using a private car. Says who? Instead of spending time stressfully navigating through a slow maze of cars, you can read a book while quickly and predictably getting to your destination. (Public transit is substantially more predictable than traffic.) I'd take a train over a car every time. I'm not sure why the author attempts to redefine "unit testing" at a higher level of testing. It seems pretty well-accepted that most API tests are, in fact, integration tests. There's no need to use the term "unit test" in this case. Otherwise, I quite agree. I don't write unit tests. A complete set of integration tests gives me about 80% confidence in the correctness of code. Unit tests might bump that up to 90%, but you'll never get to 100% from testing alone and the substantial effort necessary to get there just isn't worth it. Testing follows the classic 80/20 rule. Integration tests only take 20% of the effort required for full unit test coverage, but can give you the bulk (80%) of the benefits. For all but the most sensitive of applications, it's probably not worth it to put in the additional 80% effort for a mere 20% gain. It sounds like you're writing functional or integration tests, not method-by-method unit tests. That's all easily accomplished with integration tests. Generally, any good architecture makes a separation between the UI and the backend. You should absolutely have integration tests for the backend by itself, but I don't think it is necessary to get to the level of unit tests (testing every single method used in the backend). Personally, I try to separate the backend into its own separate service. The first step is to write tests against the API for that service, and then to make those tests pass by completing the service. This has the added benefit of letting the tests serve as a spec documentation, which makes it very easy to farm out implementation to employees or contractors. > You are not supposed to touch anything outside of your theme folder. Uh, what? Any medium/large site inevitably ends up with a few custom plugins. Walmart employs 2 million people, but it's hard to imagine a venture-backed technology startup with plans for mass employment. That's really surprising. As a US citizen, I've traveled all over the world for pleasure (not business), including to Canada, and had 0 issues. I submit to you dumpster foodies: http://www.brooklynpaper.com/stories/37/28/dtg-dumpster-dini... > The Thiel Fellowship still needs a success story. It is in its early stages. All it will take is a single fellow that accomplishes something revolutionary and cool to completely change public perception of this program. Perhaps that will change the public perception, but it says absolutely nothing about the actual value of the program. It's a selective group of high-achieving teens, of course some small subset will go on to experience amazing success. Harvard could lay off its entire faculty and sell its campus, but as long as admissions stayed the same Harvard acceptees would continue to accomplish amazing things. That's very important to acknowledge, since it means that any and all public policy shifts over the last decade are discounted by this methodology. Of course, it's still an alarming statistic, but I'd hope it's been going down (along with crime rates) since this data was collected. > I think that this trend, at least in part, has been influenced by a change in the way that we treat adolescent crime. For example, even when I was a kid (early 90's) you would not get arrested for getting into a fist fight at school. Nowadays, bam; call the cops. Well, the people in this study were born in the early 80s. So I'm not sure any modern shifts that you point to are the distinctive factor. > Oh, hardware is so much easier than software! This will be a snap! I've literally never heard anything say or think that. Myself included, nearly every software developer I know is intimidated by how hard hardware seems. I guess we had different ideas of kids. This data is based on NLSY97, meaning the subjects were born between 1981 and 1985. [1] Still, doesn't that contradict your point about these results being based on a substantial difference from when you were a kid? As you point out, this study is based on exactly your cohort. Thus it's not a matter of policies nowadays leading to 40% arrest rates. That figure is based directly on the policies of the 90s. [1] http://www.bls.gov/nls/nlsy97.htm > I'm just saying, the trend is there. More and more kids get arrested for what I would argue is petty stuff that most kids do. I don't disagree. I wholeheartedly abhor the criminalization of the current educational discipline regime. My only point is that unfortuntely this study is not itself sufficient to comment on that ridiculous escalation, given its use of decades-old data. Are you a parody? Your point might be better expressed with correct spelling and punctuation. > sites like Stormfront do have a valid critique of the hypocrisy of liberal American Jews. No, they don't. Don't legitimize their nonsense. Also, Israel is not meant to be solely Jewish. It's just majority Jewish, just like other nations are majority Christian/white. That's a security measure, not an expression that Jews are inherently superior to other races—most Jews I know (including Israelis) support the inclusion of other people in their communities. Please don't bring Stormfront to HN. > Doesn't everyone know by now that putting your name on a list of white supremacists might not be a good move? You're being downvoted unfairly. I think this is actually a very legitimate point. In fact, someone in this thread shared links to Stormfront and I refused to visit them out of fear that I'll end up on a list of white supremacists at the FBI. > Almost no one thinks of it in these terms, neither Israeli Jews or American Jews (Einstein did, but he was in a minority). Israeli's (and American Jews) typcially describe Israel is existing for the protection of Israel identity, religion and culture, not the physical protection of individual Jews. I'm an American Jew who does. It's also not all that rare of a belief that having a country with a majority Jewish population is essential to the protection of the Jewish people. While people certainly talk about this argument less these days, it was one of the key justifications for the creation of Israel in the wake of the Holocaust (what you get as a small minority in every nation on Earth). > Such lists would be meaningless if they contained anyone who wandered onto the site. Unfortunately I have no faith in the ability of the government to be discerning in the people it targets as subversive or dangerous. See the terrorist watchlist with over a million names on it. So now you're getting very Stormfronty. > There are simply to many occasions where American Jews and Israelis celebrate Jewish culture and identity for its own sake, and not merely as a reaction to being singled out by other Whites. What is wrong with that? Do the Jewish people somehow not deserve existence? Why should we not celebrate our culture and religion the same way Christians, Croats, and Italians do? (for example.) Also, celebrating our culture is not mutually exclusive with celebrating diversity of cultures. > The concept of genocide implies that wiping an entire group of people is worse than simply killing the same number of randomly selected people. Do you dispute that? Generally racism is frowned upon. Hating because you don't like their personality is acceptable. Hating them for their race isn't. Killing someone is unacceptable. Killing someone for their race is even less acceptable. That I have to explain this to you makes me think I might be dealing with anti-semitism. Honestly, that seems totally reasonable. 100 pages is shorter than many company operating plans—considering that broadband is an essential utility, I fully expect regulations to be as complicated as their business model. > This woman didn't get in trouble simply for allowing her child to play alone in a park. She got in trouble for leaving her 9-year-old alone in the park for her entire work shift; she used the park as day care. I don't understand the distinction. When I was a kid, my mother would regularly let me roam the woods and town while she was at work. It boosted my confidence, taught me important skills, and helped me to engage with nature. Apparently that's criminal. > Are new users joining Facebook? Yes. > I guess I just see followers as a limited, unsustainable resource, sort of akin to oil, except much easier to deplete New people are born every minute. Facebook has reached a massive scale, at which scale nearly everyone in the world has heard about it and will join at some point. Also, FB really isn't built around following the way Twitter is. If all you did with Facebook was interact with your friends, that'd be just fine (since they can always inject business ads into that stream). > Why do we insist on a clear definition for who should or shouldn't be on a watch list when it might actually be a complicated question of probability with many different factors? Because insurance companies can't detain you. > By that logic our founding fathers are one of the most dangerous and evil terrorists. In fairness, to England they kind of were. They were literally revolutionaries. Thankfully, victors get to write history. I wholeheartedly agree, yet certain people continually attach open source as somehow being the worst of our industry. Just because it requires people be passionate enough about development to do it in their free time. > For the time being, I've been using Visa Signature Concierge for tasks Could you explain that a bit more? I have a couple Visa Signature cards, but always thought the Concierge service must be some sort of scam or ripoff. What are some examples of things you've gotten them to do? (When making purchases, do they charge a premium/commission?) Hey, no offense but this comment reads like a press release. It's possibly to share your message/perspective in a forum without using terms like "enhanced its IP portfolio." This article is wildly off base, particularly when you look at the examples the article cites. WhatsApp was able to scale to so many users while keeping the engineering team small precisely because they hired great engineers who wrote an extremely efficient system in Erlang. (Does he think commodity coders know Erlang? Really!?) They heavily tuned their architecture and built efficient paradigms which kept developer productivity & performance from degrading as their user base grew. [1] Commodity engineers don't write that sort of code. Yes, we increasingly have tools which allow mediocre coders to get stuff done. (For example, Ruby on Rails.) But the inevitable byproduct of letting mediocre coders loose on a stack they only partially understand is a mess of spaghetti code which takes even more developers to maintain. This is already what you see with non-tech corporations who employ dozens/hundreds of developers to maintain Drupal/RoR/Java apps which are significantly simpler in scale & complexity than WhatsApp or Instagram. If you want to use tools well, you need to hire people who understand the tools. Yes, the tooling has improved dramatically. A 10x engineer of yesteryear might actually be a 100x engineer today. But if you give a bad engineer modern tools, it just allows them to fail faster. I might be able to build a house with legos, but I expect to be spending a lot more time repairing it than if I'd just hired a carpenter in the first place. [1] http://highscalability.com/blog/2014/2/26/the-whatsapp-archi... > The problem is they did it with only a few (16?) "great engineers". That's the premise of the article -- our world today might need 100,000 great engineers to solve great problems. Tomorrow 1000 might be enough. The premise of the article seems to be that we no longer need great engineers at all. Or that they only need to work at infrastructure companies (not application companies like WhatsApp). The very example he chose shows that's empirically untrue. The fact that a small team of amazing engineers can accomplish huge things (given some ops support) is not new. The original Macintosh team was also tiny. There's no evidence that we will ever stop needing great engineers, particularly as more and more applications require huge scale while maintaining agility. > Well, not really, because somebody will have to build all those elaborate abstraction layers people will use. It's almost as though you completely ignored my next sentence, which clarified that great engineers continue to be valued outside of abstraction/infrastructure companies. > It's crazy because they are making $1500/month running these crappy little niche dropshipping stores but living like someone making $10000/month or more in San Francisco. Sounds like they're living better than people making $10,000/month in SF. New York, NY or US REMOTE | Cafe We're looking for engineer #2 to join our team working on next-generation tools for content publishing. Our team is still under 10 people, so you'll have meaningful equity & influence, but we also have significant resources thanks to our CEO's last exit (sold to Amazon for $545M). As the second developer on our team, you'll have significant latitude to make technical decisions autonomously. We hope you'll be comfortable taking features all the way from idea to production. As our DevOps lead, you'll have total autonomy to architect and implement our infrastructure. More info here: http://www.cafe.com/developers Apply by emailing your GitHub/CV/etc. to morgante@cafe.com Advertising and partnering with big gaming contests can generate real revenue. Does anyone have insight into which LinkedIn employees this actually applies to? I'd think that the majority of LinkedIn employees are computer professionals or sales people, to whom overtime laws don't apply. Also, this thread has a lot of consternation/discussion about overtime payment for software developers. If you consider our bargaining power, overtime protection is completely unnecessary. Just find a new job where people will either pay you a commiserate salary with your work hours, or find one which doesn't expect ludicrous hours. Despite the stereotypes, it's perfectly possible to find great technology jobs where you work 40-45 hours a week. Unfortunately the image of cubicles is inextricably tied to soul-crushing corporations (ex. Office Space). I wish we could find a more comprehensive measure of "class" than income, because I think this broader measure has a much larger effect than income itself. Technically speaking, you'd put me in the mobile group. Growing up, my parents never earned more than median wage and were consistently in the bottom third of the income bracket. Thankfully, I've been lucky enough to leap into the top 5%. I'll be buying my dad his first house soon. Yet, I've never felt particularly mobile. My parents were both college-educated, and my aunts/uncles are decidedly (upper) middle class. It was always expected that I'd go to college and succeed in careers. By this measure, I haven't moved at all. Disrupters rarely start with quality. Mini mills were strictly inferior to integrated steel mills, web-based software was less powerful than desktop software, digital photography was inferior to film. (Many of these are from Clay Christensen.) The history of progress & technology is of fast, simple, low-end solutions getting better over time to the point where they're strictly superior to the legacy alternatives. I have little doubt that Buzzfeed, or another upstart media company, will someday be able to do "real" journalism better and faster than the NYT. (If anyone else believes this, come help me make it happen: http://www.cafe.com/developers ) I absolutely agree that it serves an important civic & moral purpose, but that is precisely why journalism needs to adopt new technology to reach people on their level. Just because it's using a web service doesn't mean the algorithm itself isn't running efficiently on hardware. I imagine you ship off the data, let them run the algorithm, and they return the results. This has no effect on the Big-O efficiency of the algorithm; the only additional cost is a simple roundtrip of the data. I'm failing to see how that's so different from ex. running an intense algorithm in a worker thread. Agreed. Managers not getting feedback from their subordinates is also a problem. Everyone has things they could improve in, and being frank about that is a hard personal problem which no tech can overcome. Flynn still needs to do a much better job on the documentation front. It's entirely unclear how to use Flynn. Instead of just having vague architecture/philosophy discussions, they need very clear explanations. From the demo/documentation they do have, it's unclear why Flynn is better than Deis, Heroku, etc.[1] I had hoped that Flynn was/would be a tool for orchestrating complicated multi-container apps, not just deploying Procfiles. I don't need Procfiles, I need something which will let me integrate and orchestrate multiple Docker containers across multiple nodes. Most/many significant apps don't fit into the simplicity of Procfiles (we have over a dozen different services, some with relatively customize environments, all communicating with RabbitMQ middleware). At least for development, Docker containers have proven to be an ideal way to manage these services. As of yet, there doesn't seem to be a good tool for deploying them to production. I wish Flynn would tackle that head on (and document it!), instead of being yet another generic PaaS. [1] https://github.com/flynn/flynn/tree/master/demo > Many people here in SF have been saying this is the direction we've been heading for quite a bit(if it hasn't happened already): SF becomes Manhattan, the surround Bay Area become the boroughs. That's extremely far off the mark. Rent is so high in SF precisely because it's not like Manhattan. Even Brooklyn is denser than SF. That's ludicrous, when you consider the supply & demand of housing. In New York, housing almost follows the free market. Yes, rent is expensive, but that's too be expected considering the consistently high demand and that apartments can't be instantaneously constructed. SF is just as expensive, despite have an order of magnitude less demand. It's a completely supply-driven problem, and until that supply problem is fixed you're going to see rents well in excess of Manhattan (for a far shittier city, with way fewer amenities). Go find a well-funded and growing startup building a product which interests you. Most startups really need people who can write lots of code effectively, so if you go that route it can be entirely possible to get great compensation without going into management. Yes, there will be a minor hit in cash comp initially (you'll probably pull around $150k at a startup), but the equity upside allows for more interesting growth than in a BigCo. Importantly, the growth factor in startups also means you can grow in comp (equity & cash) without having to move up the management chain. If you can't find any interesting startups, take some time off to build your own ideas. (Pure self-promotion, but if you do want to go the startup route I'm currently hiring: http://cafe.com/developers ) > And a bit unrelated, what localities does one have to live in to pull in $200k a year? I'm a bit sheltered living off in the sticks I guess. Probably either NYC or the Bay Area. In either place, $200k really doesn't go very far (what I pay for rent on my 1-bedroom in NYC would buy me a mansion in the sticks). > I don't know about NYC, but I'm from the bay and $200k can definitely go pretty far with decent money management skills. Sorry, I didn't mean to imply they'd be scrimping. On $200k you can certainly live a comfortable lifestyle in NY or SF, but it's not nearly as luxurious as some of my rural friends assume it would be. $200k is comfortable in NY/SF, but it's not rich. > True, though nothing short of hitting the lottery (either in the traditional sense or through a large startup exit) would really produce that kind of 'rich'. I wouldn't go that far. A doctor in most parts of the country probably meets that kind of "rich." I make 6 figures, but I'd never even think about being able to afford a luxury car or any of the things which people usually equate with a 6-figure salary. Especially when you factor in taxes, the picture looks a lot less rosy. On $150,000 your take-home is really only $75,000. Factor in $5,000/m for expenses in SF or NY and that's only $15,000 of savings a year—at that rate, it takes many years to even save up a good emergency fund. Don't get me wrong: my family also comes from a very modest background, so I feel incredibly lucky to have the excess income to do things like help my dad buy his first house (in a cheap, low-cost area). > If you drive Los Angeles freeways you'll be hitting the breaks a lot for random people who cut you off in bumper-to-bumper traffic, but the data will only show you stomping on the breaks all the time and the insurance company might conclude you're a bad driver because you're not paying attention. That is the correct conclusion though. The insurance company could care less whether you're a bad driver—what they really care is how much of an accident risk are you. Even a good driver frequently caught in LA traffic is a higher risk than a good driver elsewhere. Hence the device is reporting exactly what the company needs. All those companies (and many more) also have offices in NY. Phenomena like this make me increasingly unsure that I understand anything about the existence or desires of the average American. > I'm sure some adults watch it to, but it's aimed at very young kids. This specific video might be aimed at toddlers, but the article notes that there are unboxing videos for all sorts of products with hundreds of millions of views in aggregate. Hundreds of millions of views represents a significant portion of Americans. > This phenomenon is similar to how people enjoy watching others play video games. Agreed, in that I can't understand why somebody would be interested in either. > Do you watch sports? Nope. > But you do understand, in principle, why people watch sports rather than play them themselves, right? Nope. Generally speaking, I don't understand second-degree entertainment (ie. watching other people have fun & do things: sports, video games, unboxing videos, reality TV). Awesome (and addicting) games. Also particularly impressive as the creator(s) seem to be high school students. From the looks of it, Nextdoor is very similar to Front Porch Forum, except FPM has been around for almost a decade but exists only in Vermont. While occasionally useful, it inevitably reminds me that there's a reason the Internet took off in the first place: I have very little in common with my neighbors besides geographical proximity. > It also gives you a chance, on subsequent logins, to just login using your FB account. Not that uncommon. Then why the heck does it ask for a password? If I use FB login, the primary benefit is not having to track another password. Classic GNU/Stallman. Putting ideology ahead of actually accomplishing anything. Thankfully, less than 1000 people will ever use this. It is not evil to make proprietary software. If people have the attitude that a high review is mandatory, then there's effectively no point to review systems. Sorry, but not every book should be read. Not every restaurant should stay in business. Not every Uber driver should be driving. Giving accurate reviews allows the system to work, both for customers and (eventually) for providers (by steering them out of work they're inept at). Or maybe I'm just an asshole... Agreed. Nothing about the Medium frontend (despite its prettyness) requires JS at all. I'm not sure why it wouldn't be completely compatible across the board. It's not a blog engine, but NYT's Emphasis library does implement deep linking & highlighting of specific sentences. https://github.com/NYTimes/Emphasis > The saddest thing is that so many are so passionate about it. :( That's precisely why pay is so low. > "Denmark, which decriminalised prostitution in 1999 – the same year Sweden made the purchase of sex illegal - has four times the number of trafficking victims than its neighbour despite having around half the population." That's not very strong evidence. It could easily be that the sex industry in Denmark was thriving pre-1999 and floundering in Sweden (with policy choices & trafficking as results). Better proof would be comparing the growth rates in trafficking between two countries with similar base rates, where one legalized and one didn't. Intuitively, I hope you can understand why many people think legalization can be a great tool for combatting trafficking. By doing so, you move the sex trade out into the open and away from gangs/criminal syndicates and allow for regulations which can serve public health & anti-slavery purposes. > Which is not to say I’d be happy about the NSA using this method to collect location data. But better them than the Iranians. I have the opposite concern. There's really not much that Iran can do to an American citizen continents away. The NSA, on the other hand, can target, track, and detain me without any recourse. > This is a very naive illusion. It's naive to think Iran is more dangerous than the US government. > Purportedly, Texas also has a significant influence on what goes into science textbooks. Yup. There are the Texas (Republican) versions which are skeptical of evolution, and the California (sane) versions. This is a really poor illustration, because it only includes Lake Oroville, which is a reservoir. Reservoirs exist to be tapped like this and drained down. Even a small drought would see a significant change in the water level for a reservoir. To be clear, I'm not disputing the existence or seriousness of the drought. Just pointing out that this really isn't a very good visualization of its seriousness. I honestly don't comprehend why the prototypical HNer (in their 20s, working as a developer) doesn't have a year or two of expenses saved up. It should be trivial. > Because not every developer makes a lot of money. The prototypical HNer is a good developer. Good developers make a lot of money unless they're making terrible work decisions. > Student loans are a thing, unfortunately. Average student loan debt is $29,400. For what most developers make, that should be easy to pay off within a year or two. Agreed. If there were a scenario where one had to use those expenses for years, I'd expect them to relocate to a lower COL area (ie. not SF) and adopt a somewhat humbler lifestyle. $100k would last a long time in that situation, and it should be well within the ability of most HNers to save up $100k before they're 30. > The prototypical HNer is probably trying to start a business or passionately underpaid at a starup and making a fraction of what they would get paid working a normal job. Yeah, trivial. I myself work at an early stage startup which I'm very passionate about. I still expect to get paid competitively. If you're the prototypical HNer (read: good developer) and you're getting paid under $100k, then you're messing things up. As for starting a business, by far the most viable path is to do it in your free time until it either: (a) generates revenue you could live off or (b) has enough traction for meaningful VC. > For what it's worth, I did quit; partially because the pay was so low for the 55 hours of week they expected developers to put in. Agreed. That's outrageously low, and you definitely made the right choice in quitting. > Also, clearly you don't have a family to support. Nor does the prototypical HNer. Though I am helping my dad buy a house. > Without a gold spoon it's not as easy as you make it seem. What do you mean? I definitely don't have a golden/silver spoon, but have been able to save up a good amount despite ludicrous NYC living & taxes. Could you explain? I'm alway interested to know how my assumptions are wrong. I'm well aware that there is some diversity in this community—I was just referring to the prototypical HNer who's a SV programmer in their 20s. > I'm sure you're aware of this, but the high demand from foreign language students is likely because US colleges often have a foreign language requirement. I read that to mean foreign nationals (non-native English speakers), not students studying foreign languages (which rarely have long essays for introductory courses). That people with poor English skills would use ghostwriting services (like the article author's clients) seems pretty intuitive. > Why are college courses giving "major" assignments that can reasonably be completed in 5-10 hours by a smart person with no training in the field? Because that's precisely the point of a liberal arts or humanities education: to make you able to look at a new field with a modicum of critical thinking & intelligence. Within the humanities, it is largely irrelevant post-grad what field you actually studied since actually working in that field (usually the only humanities jobs are in academia) means post-grad study. Instead, that field provides a framework for you to learn how to acquire, analyze, and summarize knowledge. Hence, it's absolutely expected that any educated adult should have no problem writing in an unrelated humanities field, because they've already gone through the system. This of course doesn't mean a random person can easily write such an essay (hence the demand for ghostwriting services). Many of my high school peers would've flunked out of even a basic college course. Hence, despite its apparent tedium, college does provide an important certification/funnel—even for mid-level office jobs, whose chief qualification is reading and synethsizing reports. I do hope you understand how it's unethical to aid and abet people in cheating their way through college. This does a disservice to them (they likely won't learn the necessary writing/analysis skills for the workplace), to employers (they might be hiring incompetent writers), and to society (by credentialing the wrong people, potentially driving out smarter/more ethical people). It's ethics 101 that claiming someone else's work as your own is wrong. > the heaviest users of the service were education majors. I sadly suspect that has something to do with class dynamics. Education is not very prestigious and (based solely on the ads I see in the subway) is one of the fields (together with "business administration," "IT management", etc.) targeted at low-income/low-ability people who probably don't belong in college at all. > No one hired a ghost writer, all of them wrote their own essays, but in all cases the consultant asked them to rewrite 5 or 6 times, at least. There it is where it seems to exist the ethical line: ghost writer, no good; rewrite yourself until every single sentence is exactly like the consultant wants, good. That's definitely where the ethical line is, and makes total sense. Nearly all professional writing you read (books, magazines, etc.) has gone through a similar process between the writer & editor. It's totally expected, but nobody pretends it's not still the author's work. There are thousands of ways to write the same essay, hundreds of which are "good" (acceptable by the editor/consultant). But a ghostwriter only writes it one of those hundred ways, which is almost certainly not the one you would have picked. It also comes down to a quest of fairness. My public school counselor happily read over a couple essay drafts. They never would have written one for me (that would have required hiring a ghostwriter, which I definitely couldn't afford). I hope you can see the difference. Yup. It was a couple years ago, but I actually put a good deal of thought into it (probably had 20 drafts). Despite the edits, it was not at all contrived. Nothing was made up, and it was based on an actual 270-mile hike I did. Ended up doing pretty well for me too (lots of Ivy acceptances). Total cost of my actual application process: $50 (for some registration fee). > Surely, there are people in the world who are not destitute and who don't feel like they are selling their soul? Yup! I make great money and also strongly believe in what I'm doing (building a platform to showcase great writing). She's helping people cheat their way into college. The soul-crushing nature of that is absolutely appropriate, and hopefully a mechanism for ending her unethical ways. > It's also part of the reason most reporting on technical fields is so horrible. Indeed. Your humanities degree is enough to understand the basics of economics, politics, etc. — but not compilers. Unfortunately, when technical people do the writing it rarely ends up much better (since most were never taught how to effectively synthesize ideas for a general audience). Hence why I wish more technical programs had larger disciplinary and liberal arts components. > I assume it's not enough to understand the basics of economics or politics either. I have some background in econ (my college major) and most mainstream reporting is passable—it's not great, but it at least attempts to have some understanding, as opposed to the mainstream approach to technology (it's basically magic). Econ, politics, etc. are still in the humanities and many journalism majors will have some GenEd requirements to take those courses. Yet there's zero expectation or requirement of basic technical literacy. Yes, journalism usually lacks depth and experts from all fields will find something to quibble with. But the understanding gap is much worse in STEM fields because they're kept so far apart from the humanities. > Writing ideas that superiors represent as their own, or clients do. If they actually do that, it'd be considered unethical. While specific credit isn't always given to the originator of an idea, superiors shouldn't pretend they actually had the idea. In many organizations, explicitly passing off an idea as your own would be a pretty serious offense. Yup, it's an acknowledge problem (though most politicians avoid coming out an admitting that most teachers aren't very bright). Considering where education falls in the pay spectrum for college graduates (near the bottom), it should be no surprise that our "best and brightest" go in to tech, finance, and consulting—never education. This is a good reminder that we all need to encourage our friends, family, and colleagues to not use the same password everywhere. Almost all of them currently do. The best solution I've found thus far is getting them to use 1Password or the like. They still only have to remember 1 password, and the browser extensions make it trivial to log in different places. If necessary, buy them the software. Writing grammatically incorrect emails is probably the lowest status of all. > Do you see a late 20-something white software engineer as being capable of making a living in Shenzhen? As an American, you'd likely be much better off doing contract work for US clients than working for local companies (this is almost universally true for any country you'd be in). If you read between the lines, it seems like this job definitely wasn't the right fit. Hence, they were probably in the right for letting you go. But they're definitely in the wrong for how they handled it. In particular, knowing that you moved to Portugal for the job, they should have given you severance sufficient to cover relocation back to Sweden. > Could say the same thing to Unbabel if this story is as OP has written it up. Not going to pay out the contract? What a great way of ruining your future. Future employees will avoid you like the plague. Yup. Neither party comes out looking good from this. > Work is work I agree, but in what way is Unbabel not compensating for the work actually done? They just prematurely said no more work would be done for them. > Outlets that just provide a place where customers could pick up their packages. Hell--he could automate them, and they could be open 27/7? http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=2... > Thanks. Also wondering: should more senior people be offended by exploding offers. Architects, team leads, etc? If anything, they should be less offended. Companies are often simultaneously hiring multiple junior developers, so it's less necessary to make purely sequential offers. Technical leads, on the other hand, are typically hired for a specific need. Given their cost, companies rarely are hiring multiple leads simultaneously. Hence, parallelism of offers is impossible. Plus, since all senior devs are in high demand, employers want to make offers to as many as possible—before someone else snaps it up. Hence, exploding offers are a completely justifiable hiring tool. > And if not, then if the first choice turns it down, you make an exploding offer to the second (to be fair to the next 8), and again to the third (to be fair to the next 7), etc. Is there ever a situation where an exploding offer is not in everyone's best interest? The ideal scenario would be if it were socially acceptable to rescind offers—thus making the exploding offer unnecessary. An employer could make offers to everyone they're interested in, see who accepts, and then stay with them (essentially, allow parallel analysis on both sides). Instead, candidates can have multiple simultaneous offers while companies can only make offers sequentially. Hence the exploding offers.