Depends on the situation - a doctor can take his time during say, a cancer diagnosis, but not in the ER. Do you want a doctor who's trying to patch up your innards after a serious accident to look up where your pancreas is located? Inexperience leads to a lot of wasted time searching for things along the way. The more you know in your head, the better. Remember the wasteful spending back in the UNIX workstation days - a Sun 10 in every administrator's office for e-mail, and nobody ever had the training to use the things? It wasn't until quite recently in (PC land) that programming tools (namely compilers) were generally free, or even low cost. In the past you made due with crippled 'Turbo' or 'Quick' versions of the Borland or Microsoft products. $79.99 vs $799.99 for the full-blown version. Some vendors sold C compilers for the price of a used car. The PC C compiler market had a ton of players: Borland, Watcom, Symantec, Microsoft for 'real projects', while you had low-cost compilers from MIX and Mark Williams and some shareware products as well. You'll be paying extra for things like DOS Extenders, or sound and graphics libraries. DJGPP came along and gave DOS guys not only a 32-bit DPMI environment but a free compiler! By that time everyone was moving to Windows (except id software who gave us Quake as one last DOS classic). What did Visual C++ 6.0 cost? Anywhere from a couple hundred to a over a thousand USD depending on what version you got. Apple makes Xcode freely available, Microsoft has Express editions of their products, and Google makes their Android tools available for download. Plus, everything else can be had for free. Graphics library? Sound code? Physics engines? Go to Github. When you run out of passion, or will. >> I have never understood why people are willing to purchase dogs. Sadly, certain breeds of dogs are considered a status symbol, are trendy, or buyers think they can sell the offspring of said dog to recoup the costs (and then some). Remember the glut of Dalmations at shelters after the '101 Dalmations' movie came out? Every kid wanted one, parents bought them, and after realizing they can be very difficult dogs to live with, they were sent to the shelters. I thought this article was going to be about the $52 billion a year Americans spend on pets. Outdoor cats are a huge threat to wildlife as well. A skilled cat is capable of hunting just about anything in your backyard. Our provider allows us to modify firewall rules through their control panel. Perfect for when we have a dev working from home or a hotel room for a few days. I didn't know anything about computer languages except—a friend of mine had gone to MIT and, while he was there, he would Xerox pages out of books that were good topics, and he had sent me a lot of pages back from compiler design books. I wonder if MIT knew about students sharing information with the outside world 40 years ago. If this copyright violation would have not happened, we'd be in a world without Apple computer, or at least Apple BASIC. You can also tell it doesn't seem to do it when you move the mouse back to the original menu item. I was streaming a sporting event the other day, and my old, but still very useful laptop (2GB, SSD, T7500 C2D 2.2GHz) was being crushed. It streamed fine but I couldn't do much else on that laptop, memory usage was through the roof. I don't have that issue with YouTube but not every site has such an optimized player/media combination. Good thing I have a second laptop that I could continue to use for normal tasks at the same time. We replaced our Core 2 Duo/Pentium Dual Core machines with new Dell i5's, and every single person complained that the new computer wasn't any faster than the old ones. It was worth the SSD upgrade for Outlook alone. Import a 6GB PST file in 20 minutes instead of 6 hours. The data isn't unlimited with T-Mobile, at least not usable speeds. You can run your AT&T iPhone on StraightTalk for $45/month and get unlimited calling. I don't use many minutes, butT-Mobile service is basically non-existent where I live. Would these fingers be considered 'burglars tools' by the courts? It's a little closer to 3x as fast http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/processor-architecture-b... I've always had a little bit of a soft spot for SuSE, and I had my fingers crossed that when they were acquired by Novell, it would become more popular in the business world. I think two main things are holding it back from becoming one of the 'main' distributions. The first is YaST, which is just strange in the land of yum and apt. The second is just the sheer amount of support distros like Ubuntu have. There's not as many resources out there, even though the last time I checked OpenSUSE had a strong, but small community. There's this triangle of food - cost/time/consequences. You can spend little time and little money, and get something that's not very healthy for you. The dollar menu, for instance. You can spend a little time and a lot of money buying pre-prepared food at say, the deli at Whole Foods, and get something pretty healthy. If you have the time, tools, and knowledge, you can make cheap healthy food at home. It just depends on what resources you have and what sacrifices you want to make. Shopping, cooking, doing the dishes, those things all take time you could use to do other things. I wonder if they considered allowing 4 cores, but double the CPU allotment? 4x1000MHz CPU instead of 8x500MHz CPU, for example. 8 cores does give you the highest best-case performance, since you can use 100% of each core if the other Linodes on your host are not using them. They show the 1024 Linode with 8 CPU's as an example. But they also state that there are on average 20 1024 Linodes on each host machine, making 20x8 = 160 vCPU's being used. Marketing-wise, more cores sounds impressive. But I wonder if performance per physical host is reduced splitting them into so many vCPU's > So maybe next refresh is the memory? Probably - according to their FAQ it looks like each host has about ~20GB of memory which is pretty small these days. How far does a million dollars get you when you're buying redundant Cisco equipment for 6 datacenters? Dell's painted plastic finish was also a big turnoff to me. The paint comes off and scratches much easier than the Lenovo black plastic and rubberized case. Can anyone comment on how much resources are spent on making something 'releasable'? Not just packaging and the initial commit/support, but spending the time to make it generic enough to be useful to other users. I suggested our company site be re-done using Joomla. The original site was on an ancient platform that we don't work with anymore and we kept an entire server around for it. We spun up a cloud server with Joomla on it for production use, and a local VM for testing. We had a template created for a couple hundred bucks from some ideas our designers came up with (they can't code, so...) from an Eastern-European on a freelancing site. Then we just let our marketing guy (also can't code) and some interns loose putting up content. It took a few weeks of their spare time and we had a great looking, functional website. Since then, the marketing guy has installed a hundred different 'Joomla plugins of the week' and brought the site down a bunch of times, trying to make it into a blog, newsletter, signup sheet, web store... You don't have to stay on the bleeding edge. We're stuck with Ruby 1.8.7, and we've got a mix of Rails 1, 2, and 3 apps. For better or for worse. Unity and GNOME 3 would be great for comparison - I've seen over 1GB in use by Unity at times. It'd also be nice to try to measure CPU overhead when dragging a window around or just displaying them. Some of the newer desktops just seem slow if you have older hardware (such as a laptop with a C2D, Intel or older ATI graphics) I thought installing an SSD would speed up development on my local system in Rails 3 - it barely changed a thing. It does make things like tests etc run way, way faster though. Not to mention asthma. I know of a few people who are disabled because they have asthma, and they are obese. If you live in the southwest you can find an immigrant to do those jobs for you. To be fair, a lot of recruiting companies or hiring companies only do that because their HR system will only import a .DOC file. The absolute worst place I ever applied to required to you upload a version of your resume in Word format. After you hit submit, the next page wanted a plain text copy. Then, I bullshit you not, the next page was a web form in which they requested you fill out educational background, work history, references. Something you just uploaded twice! With the long variable/class names used these days, and the availability of clear, small fonts and 16:9 displays, 80 columns seems silly. But I'm against raising it, even to 100 columns. 100 really isn't much more than 80. And then you start to lose things like being able two view two pages of code side by side. The other problem is that 100+ column lines are just flat out hard to read. It's hard to follow text that far across these screen. A few years ago when I was working with Objective-C I came across methods used with each variable on one line and really grew to like that. It's similar to the way source code is laid out in books. But is that because the code is more readable that way, or is it a consequence of the layout? Books are taller than they are wide and usually have generous margins. We had a folder on the network called 'developer stuff'. I put up a DokuWiki a few weeks ago, and at the last developer meeting we gave each developer the task of creating one wiki article. It didn't matter what it was on, it was basically a catalyst to get them started using it. It's started to grow pretty fast so I hope it works out for us. We're probably going to have an intern or junior developer move documents from the old folder to the new system. Out of 89 packages (half of the 179), 9 went missing? That's 10%. That is insane for the US Postal Service to be allowed that, but it follows my personal experience with them. I don't think I've ever had them lose a letter in my life, but when it comes to packages I don't know how they lose so many. I shudder when I get a USPS tracking email from an online seller because I know there's fair chance I will never see the damn thing. Michigan. A bigger problem with USPS is that it's a lot harder to get your packages if you're not around when they attempt delivery. The local UPS office is open until 8:00 so I can go get missed packages after work, I have a few hours Window on Saturday that I can go get packages at the Post Office. And that's IF they can find the package. Their online delivery rescheduling/holding is also useless. I'm not sure how terrible paper+accountant is/was, but TurboTax is just so damn convenient. I can do file my taxes on my lunch hour, at 3:00am, or while I'm on a webex at work. They're instantly submitted (or at least they appear to be) and combined with direct deposit I get my refund within days. In the old days I had to either drop my paperwork off at an accountant and wait, do them myself and mail them in, or make an appointment with a preparer. > if i walk in at 9.08am and you're going to moan at me for it, no thanks I'm all for relaxed starting times, but at my current company that seems to have led to other, bad things: relaxed deadlines or other accountability. It also sucks when something is broken at 8:00am and the guy that wrote that module (or made changes to it on Friday evening) isn't there for another hour. In our case, it's an app that's really only used from 8am-5am EST. If there's a problem at 4:00AM it's not a big deal. It's a different story when there are live customers. Although, (ideally) any problem like that would be cost by a testing suite. Get a rhythm going, so you type at a steady pace (slow at first, of course). Say each letter out loud. H-A-C-K-E-R space N-E-W-S period Don't look at the keyboard, either. Just practice this for a little bit every day (re-type a blog post or two, including the source code) and you'll get the hang of it. Wouldn't it be easier to just take a backhoe to the data lines running to the bunker? The article says 10,000 servers, so maybe there's an 8:1 ratio Very possible that the router provided by the ISP is mis-configured. Cairo is a project to make a OS X-like dock. It's not enabled in any of the main distributions (Fedora, Ubuntu...), but you can add it if you'd like. A lot of my Linux use is similar to sitting in a garage and taking apart an old car. It's fun to install different distributions and play around with them, and then blow it away and start all over. With a fast internet connection and a handful of USB drives you can try all the major distributions in one afternoon. I'm sorry, the full name is 'Cairo-Dock' ( http://www.glx-dock.org/ ) Part of the problem is so much of the workforce just isn't good at anything . We have a lot of people who flat out have no employable skills, and without a degree the only option they have for work that isn't minimum wage is a factory job-which are long gone. Does the computer repair guy charge you NewEgg prices to replace a part in your desktop? > I have a few friends who I help out on occasion and it is incredibly frustrating to not have the basic tools available. A younger guy at work asked if he could borrow one of the screwdrivers I keep in my desk. I thought maybe he was going to pop open his computer, he said he was going to put a bed together. At his apartment. He didn't even own a screwdriver. C'mon. I sarcastically asked him, "You're a manly man, aren't you?", then handed him a large phillips screwdriver. Another guy in the office overheard the conversation and laughed about it with me, and then we went down to Harbor Freight and bought him a $7 screwdriver set. What ever happened to learning this stuff from good ol' dad, or your grandfather? I was lucky enough to have a step-father who was fairly handy, had a large amount of tools, and my mother always had him working on a project around the house. Building a deck, remodeling the kitchen, that kind of stuff. I hated being dragged away from friends and video games to help him out with random stuff but I learned quite a bit. I also had the fortune of learning from my birth father on how NOT to do certain things. He'd always take shortcuts that ended up hurting the end result, which to this day I point out as we work on things. There was IRC, comp.os.ms-windows.programmer.misc, and AOL/Compuserve had a ton of Windows programming resources as well. I never understood the love for XM. I'd get a year, then 6 months, and now just a short 3 months whenever I'd buy a new car. I liked the variety of news and talk channels. I loved the fact that I could drive down the highway, across 4 states and never have to search for a station. The reception stinks, a lot like satellite TV. Going under a bridge? Radio goes out. On the north side of a large building? No radio. In the drive-through at Starbucks or a bank? No radio. And the worst offender, driving east/west with a large amount of trees on the south side of the road? No radio. C'mon. I only listened to about 6 of the music channels, they have a lot of variety, but I only like certain kinds of music. The sound quality is terrible. I'm no audiophile but whatever they do to fit that many channels on their service makes for horrible sound. Plus, the channels I listened to don't have that many songs in rotation. Gets very repetitive. The XM people are also very resistant to you canceling. They'll offer the service at a 50%, then 70% discount just to keep you to say. My girlfriend has had service for years for like $3 a month. I don't like having to remember to call in and cancel every 6 months so I don't even subscribe at the discount. I've gone back to terrestrial radio. I only have a 15 minute commute now, and don't drive a lot other than that. The local FM radio stations have mediocre on-air talent and play just as repetitive mixes of music. I don't mind the commercials as much, we're the midwest so for a lot of events that's the only way word gets out about them. And I've found a lot of news/talk on the AM stations. They just eliminated cassette tape players a few years ago. Linux-powered , but the biggest 'feature' of the rifle is the iPad interface. Nice headline. Most OS X users are probably either dual-booting to Windows to play games, or have a dedicated Windows machine for games. Mac hardware really isn't orientated towards high-end gaming. The scary part is how high the XP userbase still is. He never even says how much this procedure 'should' cost. He also exaggerates that it was a '5-minute visit', which we all know isn't true. There's paperwork, billing, the use of a room and supplies, a nurse or assistant is involved somewhere... It used to be like this for most people in the USA with insurance. Slowly, costs rose and benefits have been dropped. What used to be a $20 (or even $0!) co-pay became abused, people would visit the doctor every week, and since it didn't cost them anything, they had no reason not to go. These days you'll find a high-deductible plan that does the reverse - encourages people to NOT go to the doctor because until they've hit a $3,000 tab, the insurance won't kick in a single dollar. When I ask my dog, "Do you want to go for a walk?", she stands up, does a looong stretch of her back and rear legs, then shakes her coat. It doesn't take much time wasted on Twitter, HN, or chatting up co-workers of the opposite sex to turn into a 1/10x developer Fedora is more of a bleeding-edge (or at least developer-focused) distro - they also ship with Ruby 1.9 instead of 1.8. > Sublime Text just doesn't feel like a Mac app. Of course it doesn't - it's multi-platform. Which is a good thing if you bounce between Linux and Mac (and even Windows). But it does have a great feel to it. SF is smaller in size, and slightly smaller in population than Austin. Chances are if you bought 5 years ago you are underwater and can't sell it. Along with the big names there are a bunch of also-ran streaming apps with very little content. There's also things like a Facebook app but I have never tried to use it. So what's the problem? The TV has to 'boot', like in the article. For the first 30 seconds after it's powered on, you can barely change the channels or volume. The interface will sometimes become unresponsive requiring a hard power off, or the TV will lock and reset itself completely. If you do a firmware update, which happens quite a bit, sometimes you have to re-enter all your account information for all your services. Sometimes you have to quit and re-start viewing content to get the audio to sync up right. But the one thing that angers me the most about streaming content: you bump any button on the remote, and you exit back to the regular TV channels. It doesn't even have the sense to ask, "Are you sure you want to exit Netflix?". You can hit the home button, the volume buttons, and pause/fast forward. You even accidentally bump some other button, and bam. You're back navigating the glacially slow interface with a TV remote. USB 3.0 is 'fast enough' for most people and it's way, way cheaper. Only the super-rich or professional market (who've abandoned Apple, haven't they?) can afford things like daisy-chained Thunderbolt monitors. Firewire never really caught on (with consumers) like Apple would have liked-and it had huge advantages over USB (especially USB 1.0). I bought a Sony laptop specifically because it had a i.Link port and I could daisy chain both my CD-RW and 80GB HD. Apple's decision to add not just a second Thunderbolt port but also to add an HDMI port to their Retina MacBooks actually reduces demand for Thunderbolt products since users now can connect multiple legacy monitors to their machine. There's good and bad to cannibalizing the same port as video output. External GPU? Nice idea, but between the cost of the GPU card, the housing, and dealing with all the quirks that go with it, it makes sense to just buy another laptop/desktop. That said, a $99 Thunderbolt hub that gives 4-6 USB ports, gigabit LAN, video, Firewire, headphone/mic would be a huge seller Would your bank let you walk in and withdraw $10,000 from your own account with a ski mask or panty hose over your head? Even if you knew your account number and password? Probably not. You can't actually buy that, though. The Belkin dock is the Duke Nukem Forever of the peripheral industry. It's easy to make the argument that you shouldn't have anything installed on a server that you don't specifically need - each additional service/program is just another attack vector. I wonder if Slicehost would have followed suit if they weren't owned by Rackspace now. Rackspace has never been about low prices, though. We probably would if we didn't use RackConnect between our cloud servers and our managed DB server, which is @ Rackspace. Their cloud server management tools are a joke compared to Linodes. IRC's the main thing I use my Digital Ocean VPS for - and it's been great. Sounds like our experience. One email address wasn't working, out of 25, and all they had for support was a troubleshooting page. After wasting an hour contacting Google, we got an automated reply that some accounts were being affected, and then about 2 days later the problem magically went away. > a height limit of 85 feet, or 8-story buildings, for > Mission Street, between 16th Street and Cesar Chavez > Street, in order to take advantage of Mission Street’s > high transit service, including BART and Muni line Has the author ever tried to ride a bus down Mission street now? It takes like 45 minutes to go 8 blocks and you're packed in there like a sardine can. Imagine if you made the buildings twice as tall you'd have to triple the amount of buses. Which probably wouldn't help because with the current amount of traffic you spend more time stopped than you do moving. A Pentium 4 or Athlon XP 2700+ from 10 years ago has been unusable for all but the simplest tasks for years. It would have also needed to be upgraded along the way - it came from the factory with just 256MB or 512MB RAM. You can still edit office documents and do some light web-surfing, but for todays interactive sites and content it falls far behind the experience that an iPad can provide. Think about it this way - what if someone is being raped every day in the parking ramp at your office, or murdered on the street you ride your bike to work each morning? If you heard about it on the news, you could change your route to work or ride with a buddy to increase your safety. Part of the theory is that the first people to be fired at a company are among the least productive or least competent. Therefore, the longer someone has been unemployed, the less competent they are. >> It's time for the government to start hiring the long-term unemployed. Hiring them to do what? The government not only has to hire people it doesn't need, but it has to hire from the 'unwanted' pile that private employers have already selected the best from? >> Or, at the least, start giving employers tax incentives to hire the long-term unemployed. What happens after a year, when the tax credit expires for that newly hired person, and another unemployed person comes along and applies for that job? Fire the first guy and hire the new guy so you can get that tax credit for another year? There's probably a button called 'power cycle' or 'manually open/close' Don't most large software companies have a 'campus' feel to their headquarters? I would imagine back in the 80's when they were designed/created, nobody wanted to go work inside a towering, souless, black glass skyscraper for 10 hours a day. A lot of people would kill for a view of water and trees and the ability to walk outside at lunch. > Basically, the way our culture mindlessly promotes home ownership is insane. Absolutely insane! It's really the older generation that promote this. If you're 35 years old, chances are your dad walked out of high school into the same large company that he retired from. Why would they need mobility when they had jobs for life? The only younger people I know that share that view are close-minded and never see the point of leaving Smalltown, USA. We're a web development company in a 'company town' where everyone seems to work for a single Fortune 50 company. You think it'd be easy to hire developers away when you offer good pay and benefits, 4.5 day work weeks, flexible hours, casual dress code, and we buy you whatever hardware you want. We don't get a single qualified applicant. We use Ruby and Javascript, it's a ~ 25 person company so you can make a difference, you can work on iOS or Android stuff. If you only know a different programming language, we'll still hire you and let you learn if you can prove you're competent. We're not silicon valley or a 'cool' city, but we're near a few state universities. I guess people would rather sit in a cube, in a suit, while they work on legacy internal apps in VB and .Net for a cold, dark corporation and wait 20 minutes each morning in line at the security gate just to get on the damn property. > The vast vast majority of interesting technical work is done in large organizations So is the vast majority of boring technical work. Midland, MI I think it just looks more modern, and less '2007'. Reminds me of 'Slumming with BASIC programmers' - http://prog21.dadgum.com/21.html I was always amazed at the guys on CompuServe/AOL (and later GeoCities) who were writing RPG's in QBasic. I guess I was mostly impressed by the graphics they made, but they kind of proved to me you could write more than hangman or Nibbles in BASIC. Noticed problems with it first thing this morning - but it's only affecting some of our users. I can use email, calendar, but some people can't use either one. Weird, and annoying. Running the editor with /h would give you 43 or 50 lines of text. Then use the green on black color scheme and you were a 4th grade hacker. > Japanese programmers wrote a huge proportion of the world's greatest video games.... But how much credit is because of the programmers being better than the rest, and not because of the creativity of the designers, the graphics, or even the hardware the games were created to run on? A lot of JDM devices like wristwatch TV's and minidisc players just never caught on in the USA. Took me a while to figure out why people were having problems with Outlook, then I heard about this outage. Ugh. > the effectiveness between a black lab and golden retriever. Good call. Aren't black dogs the least likely to be adopted from shelters? I understand the importance of face-to-face human contact, but there are lot of avenues of seeing what other developers are up to, and showing off your stuff. StackExchange (chat and Q&A), Freenode IRC, a hundred random messageboards... The author mentions YouTube so I'm assuming he has a decent internet connection. This was bound to happen once servers all standardized on one architecture. Not that standardization isn't a good thing, it just became a race to the bottom just like the desktop market. > Linux just doesn't seem to do laptops very well. Linux doesn't do 'random, low-priced consumer laptops' very well. It does regular business laptops very well. I've been installing Linux on Thinkpads from the T20 days all the way to the current T430 and I've been incredibly impressed with how well everything runs. Even cheap laptops run pretty well these days, at most you'll wrestle with the wifi drivers. The problem is the low-end market for laptops is so varied you don't get a lot of developers who get hands-on time to get the drivers working well. Popular laptops will usually have great support unless they've got some hardware where the vendor doesn't want to play ball. But any cheap machine that's sold a lot of units will have a forum where users explain everything they've figured out. In the old days you could buy two network cards, keep one and send one to a developer as a gift, and you'd end up getting a working driver out of the deal. Some people did that with entire laptops. > The screen can never be truly black Is it blue or brown or just gray? No, only the Latitude line has that. A few questions: Ruby 1.8 - I thought we were dinosaurs for still using it How is the hi-res display handled on the 13" screen? Does Ubuntu have display scaling or something built-in? I have it on a machine at home but never noticed any settings related to that. Glossy display - is it as glossy as the classic MacBook Pro, or more like the Retina, which is still pretty glossy and will make you hate being stuck by the window at Starbucks. I want one of these, but Dell isn't doing the one thing that makes people buy their hardware - offer it a BIG discount compared to other in the market (Air, Carbon X1, etc) > In other words - why develop on a Chromebook as opposed to a lightweight notebook? It's half the price of the Lenovo you mentioned. It has fairly long battery life, it's small yet has a full-size keyboard. It's slick hardware compared to a $299 Best Buy laptop or a netbook. But it has a whole list of disadvantages. You can't fire up a VM. You can't browse using the actual desktop versions of Chrome, Firefox, Opera, or IE. You can't use software package X. You need to be connected to the internet to do development. It's just a fancy ssh/rdp terminal in this case. I understand the romanticism about developing on a Chromebook. I love the 11" Air, and despite the low-resolution screen and low specs (ULV CPU, 2GB or 4GB RAM and 64GB/128GB SSD) you can actually get stuff done. Is it the 'Ultimate Developer PC'? No, but a great machine. The Chromebook is far more limited, but maybe the next revision along with a regular Linux distribution will be a workable solution for the rest of us. You get what you pay for when it comes to the Lenovo - the slightly bigger screen is available in IPS and blows the Chromebook screen away. The i5 (and available i7) is very powerful CPU, you can have 8GB of RAM and your choice of SSD/HD... Why didn't this guy just buy a 13" MBA in the first place? If I boot up my Mac and Linux workstation with our environment setup and open up my day-to-day apps, the Mac is about 1GB ahead in RAM use. But after you start using them for a few hours they even out. Firefox, Chrome, terminal windows, some Ruby sessions MySQL Workbench, FileZilla, a couple LibreOffice documents... That's the base config of almost every laptop out there. At least Lenovo has almost all the T-series coming with a 7200RPM drive now. Apple's inflated prices for 128GB SSD and 8GB of RAM is 'only' $300. You can do better from NewEgg but when you have time ordering parts and installing them and warranty issues it works out. They're the standard laptop at Red Hat. I wouldn't be surprised if the originals are lost. > Imagine a loyalty program in which customers could band > together and accumulate points together, in return for > group-based rewards Nice idea, but it doesn't really work. I'll buy 6 sandwiches to get the 7th one free, but for some reason if you told all the customers if they bought 10,000 sandwiches they'd get one free, it doesn't pan out. I'm not sure if it's the sharing of the reward or distrust in others to not contribute, or what. Maybe it's just the achievement is removed. Groups are very powerful in other situations - look at the results you can get from an online fundraiser. People visit the page from all over to donate. Is it possible that the guys you outsourced it to could just make their own version and put it on the store? I haven't read a HN article titled "How foobar consulting stole my iPhone app and re-branded it as their own" Try closing a deal with a customer and saying that. You'll have the app delivered when? When we're done with it. Mobile support is going to be added when? When we're done with it. ... "When it's done" works great when you can keep the product mysterious or you don't have anyone using it. But not when you have real-world deadlines. Pizza Hut was getting a lot of pressure to cancel that program, accused of bribing kids with food and pizza marketing. We're I can't get anything done at the office because nobody else is there. Sure I can work on things and enjoy peace but without graphic artists or designers there I can only go so far, I'll end up throwing stuff out because it's not what they wanted. But if I stay home, I'm stuck doing holiday stuff or running around to the homes of friends and family. When I get back to work after New Years I need a vacation. I'd love to hear the story behind getting the data to the Internet Archive, from Cuil. 310TB is a massive amount of data, and was even more massive in 2007. The biggest hard drive you could buy were only 500-750GB. If they were SAS drives they were probably only 300GB at the biggest. Did they just throw 6-8 racks worth of a SAN onto a truck and ship it over? What did they (Archive.org) do with it once they got it? Once my coffee is cold/gone, I bail (or order another). Usually a little under an hour Hogging an entire table with books and a backpack and notes all over is a pet peeve of mine. Especially a larger table that could fit four people being taken up by one person. Depending on what part of the country you are in, people will share a single small table. I've been places where every open seat is taken and people are sharing, and I've been to places where a person will become confrontational if you ask to share their table - even if it's a four person table! Another complaint (if I'm allowed to complain about 'free' wifi) is that a lot of places have a slow connection, many AT&T locations seem to be limited to T1 speeds, and the router has bad QoS or bandwidth sharing. So 'that guy' who's streaming YouTube all morning, or updating Windows, or downloading 30 apps from the App store is just ruining the connection for everyone else. Once I tried running 'bundle install' and after 45 minutes, just gave up and went home. > it's quiet by definition The library is too quiet for some. Some background noise helps. I used to do this, until about the third time I was asked to just send a .doc Some automated HR systems can parse out a Word document but can't do anything with a PDF. You can swipe to a new space. Ubuntu is a lot more tolerable when you just decide to live with the fonts, window decorations, icons, as the defaults. Just like you have to on the Mac. I could tweak a Linux box all day long . On a Mac I just turn it on and go to work. Now the hard part is deciding between GNOME3, Unity, LXDE... > giving you more control over your instances and the ability to SSH into them. I thought the point of Heroku was not having to SSH into your servers? Except that it's really, really expensive per-calorie. There are still a lot of blue-collar workers. "Most martial artists get illusions in training,” he said. For example, if you are trained as a boxer, you come to trust that an opponent won’t try to tackle you to the ground—because that’s not what people do in boxing rings. Instead they hit each other, with gloves on (another condition that is not very realistic). BJJ also assumes a set of rules, not unlike boxing, wrestling or karate. You're not allowed to take a bite out of your opponents arm while they are choking you, or pull their ear off, or stick your thumb in their eye. BJJ is also often practiced wearing a gi which allows for different techniques than if your opponent were wearing say, a t-shirt (or no shirt at all). > They only seemed to teach you defence against someone else who punches like a karateka. Good thing the lower-level students show very little technique during sparring. She shouldn't feel bad. I've never seen more than a few minutes of Star Wars or Star Trek. Never seen Dr. Who or any of the Monty Python stuff. I've never seen a single Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter movie (or read the books). But I keep telling myself that one day I'll binge through them all online. I really doubt OS X or Windows are going anywhere anytime soon He means in every spec other than sleekness and screen. This would be equivalent to "Where's the chicken?" (Wendy's "Where's the beef?"), right? Couldn't it just be classified as a parody? It seems silly to not allow them to use something because it's similar. The aerospace industry is a license to print money for any vendor involved. I could see these going into a vending machine. I recently moved, and am much closer to work. I couldn't figure out what I was going to do with 5 extra hours a week that I wouldn't spend in the car. I could sleep in more! I'd be home earlier! Except moving takes a huge amount of time and energy. Not just the move, but the shopping, fixing up and changing up random things around the house, visitors who want to see the new place, not to mention the new yard is bigger and will take more time to keep up. I'm about 3 months behind where I was. > I realized that all I need for my life can be packed into a carry-on sized suite case Do you not have any hobbies? Reminds me of 'How my brain kept me from co-founding Youtube' ( http://prog21.dadgum.com/39.html ) The idea that people were going to push around 500k images (Flickr) or even more insane, videos was crazy when it first started happening. Remember how long it took to download QuickTime or RealPlayer videos, and how bad the quality was? Now people are streaming HD music videos on our PHONES just to listen to it while they drive to work. They don't even watch the video. Referral links/searches > Please know the difference between bad/customer unfriendly handling of installers/updaters, and actually bad software. That's the problem - the 'bad' installer/update makes good software into 'bad' software Could have been baking soda and vinegar. id software used an apartment at one point and was started in a lake house. I think it helped that a lot of the staff actually lived there. http://romero.smugmug.com/Video-Games/The-Archives/480_GtbLP... The rag-tag office setup is pretty inspiring. They mention in a blog post that they don't buy enough drives to order directly from the manufacturers, much less at a discount. They had to do some pretty interesting things during the Thailand floods. The pods have internal redundancy, and your data is stored on more than one pod, so I'm okay with them using consumer hardware to back my data up. They also wouldn't be doing it if they weren't sure that the drives were reliable enough for that use. > T-Mobile in the States is, if possible, even worse. I visited Puerto Rico Judging the 'United States' based on Puerto Rico? It doesn't prevent growth in tech sectors in the US. A dollar a day over 2 years... Although it's a US Territory it's pretty far from what you'd get in 'the states'. It's an island, they don't have the same kind of providers or infrastructure, something like only half the households in PR have a computer and only a little over half of those have broadband. It's just nothing like you would have in say Florida, Texas, or another state. Depends on what state you live in, and what provider you have. Two neighboring towns can have two different providers with very different rates and speeds. I pay $45 for 30Mb/s from Charter but if I lived in the next city to the south, I'd have Comcast. Aren't there any active packet-inspection devices out there (Palo Alto?) that can detect this kind of stuff? * Joe's working from home, but logged in? Disconnect! * Joe's transfered 80GB today when he normally does 2GB? Disconnect! * Joe's connecting from a VPN server in Croatia? Disconnect! How do you find the 'smart people'? (not that a college degree implies that someone is smart). Being 'smart' isn't enough to get the job done. In middle America, businesses don't realize that you don't need a Computer Science degree to be a systems administrator, much less a CRUD app developer. It's weird that the same society who thinks "little Johnny is good with computers, he can do x/y/z" has trouble even letting little Johnny get an interview if he doesn't have a CS degree. > Obviously computer cryptography is more advanced Wouldn't a single message from an unknown cipher be almost impossible to crack? You'd either need to know the algorithm or have multiple encoded messages along with the keys, right? It's like a BBB sticker for your office door. We have 15-20 apps that all run different versions of gems (including Rails 1-3) and it can be a nightmare. Nobody ever decided to use RVM or anything like that. A while ago you could update a gem and break 3 apps. I can't imagine wheat it'd be like on a shared host with 100 apps all made by different people. I'd much rather receive an email like the example, showing giftcards that you can redeem, instead of a bunch of text. At least in that case. Am I evil? Not if you don't fly internationally ;) I'm also thinking Joe consumer would rather see some big pictures of what's on sale this week, or some new product announcement, instead of having to read It's simple as in there are no moving parts, but if it's not machined to the proper specifications the gun will be unreliable. The market failed for years trying to make the lower out of things such as carbon fiber instead of regular cast metal. We are in our Rails 3 apps. That's how academic papers are done. One reason is that it's more complicated to do mathematical equations and such in HTML (we don't even talk about text) than it is to simply use LaTeX. I understand what you are saying but it's a pretty safe bet on today's internet that a browser is capable of handling a PDF. An online service such as http://www.extractpdf.com/ does a pretty good job of taking the PDF link and extracting the text. This doesn't try to solve any of those problems - it's basically a honeypot system to detect when a password file has been leaked and logins are being extracted (and used) from it. > Microsoft was/is a large enough empire that it will take a very long time (many decades) It won't take long before they're a fraction of the size they were at their peak, and the company and it's products (and vision) are simply a shell of it's former self. Look at GM, HP... A lot of those people have mental illness and don't want to live in a home. And a lot of people go there with the intention of being homeless because they are treated fairly well by the city and there are lot of people to panhandle from or perform for. > adding fill light to an image and with a bit of diffusion can even work as primary light source in a pinch. And that's Greek to anyone who casually takes pictures. Someone should start photography classes for $2500 or something, and you get a DSLR (and maybe another lens) 'for free'. Many people don't want to be a professional or even a hobbyist photographer, but could really benefit from a couple classes of the basics. I just want to take a picture of my dogs/kids, something I've cooked/eaten, and of items to put on eBay or Craigslist. Using a phone or point and shoot leaves a lot to be desired but a lot of that doesn't have anything to do with the camera. We have a product/website that used a blue cross in the logo. Blue Cross Blue Shield started hounding us about it, so we changed the logo to a green cross. I want to say you could use a higher end Pentium for software MPEG decoding (166-200MHz). Whatever the performance difference is between than and your current system (or the current minimum system you'd need to run that demo at full speed). Yet, cities like Chicago and Flint are setting new records for homicide rates, and the % of those committed by guns is at an all-time high. Less people may own guns, but the people who own them own more per person than they used to. That said, most guns used in homicides aren't used by the/a registered owner. Rifles (especially AK47s) are very popular with gangs for drive by shootings. Popular with gangs for the same reason. They're also pretty intimidating. Citation? Go to a search engine and type something like "AK47 chicago gang" or search the news websites for any large city with a high murder rate for 'ak47' > The AK-47 is a select fire fully automatic rifle. It has been illegal to import or manufacture fully automatic rifles for civilian use for decades. Don't do this. You know I meant 'AK pattern weapon', we'll use the WASR you can get at any sporting goods store for an example. You can get/modify all the parts to convert over a civilian AK to full auto without problems, unless the ATF finds out. You think full-auto weapons aren't used on the streets of America? This is just like the big server vendors (IBM, Dell and HP) losing all their sales to big companies, because they are buying their own designs direct from companies like ZT and Hyve. What's left, storage systems? What you really want to use is plastic bags in racks or on pegboard. > It depends what kind of role you're doing, but lets pretend it's pure dev with no real support criteria How often does this happen where you're not working with a single other person? Another developer, QA, designers, product managers... I can see if you're working on your own startup, but if you're on a team of people it's very unhelpful to have any one person just go off on their own for days a time. What's the fallout going to be like in the next 5 years, maintaining applications and code written by 90-day bootcamp programmers? I agree, but there's something about fondly looking back and things you did and enjoyed, that's similar to looking back at things you never did and think you would have enjoyed, even if they might have gone horribly wrong if you had did them. And the highest-paid person you graduated high school with is probably a player (assuming you went to a run-of-the-mill public school) A guy I graduated with plays in the NBA, and makes somewhere around 6 million a year, which is about the league average. He'll probably be retired in a few more years but he'll still have had a good 10-12 years of making an extremely high salary. Very common. A kid who got drafted the same year from the rival high school across town OWES the team that drafted him $10 million. Is the data out there find out what the highest paid programmer/database administrator/'IT manager' is per state? I think most everyone knows people who have exhibited that behavior. If I drag that true color GIF in Safari, it doesn't do the drag with transparency like the other two. Weird. It looks like it's a datatype limit, as other python json libraries have a similar issue: http://deron.meranda.us/python/comparing_json_modules/number... It's probably not a trivial fix/addition and might end up costing the library some of it's speed. You'd have to have fucking laser vision to be able to use that small of fonts crammed on a 10.1" screen. They're probably working on an (small) image 'host' using this same idea. I see there are no 99 cent apps. The "screen shot, no root" app is $4.99. Fairly expensive, isn't it? It also has more 1-star reviews than 5-star reviews. There's no OS X product key on there, though. It's not uncommon to have to read your Windows product key to enter it during installation or tell it to someone on the phone. Dodge Dart commercial - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUxPYXvTElA We have a vendor of some mailing list software that you install your save (basically a tarball of php code). If we have an issue with it, they basically refuse to help unless we give them ssh access to our server. Stupidly we have this mailing list software running on our production web server (the same one our customers use to access our apps), so we can't do that. I mean I trust the guy to not go in an install a backdoor or delete all of our files (maybe I shouldn't trust him?) but I've always wondered what the liability is there. Would we basically have to prove he did something malicious if our server crashed the next day or turned into a spam box? Not everyone can create, whether it's a website or designing the next iPhone. Very few people can. Those people that do are rewarded very well. Besides, if we were all trying to cure hunger or house the homeless who would be creating all the fancy computers we use every day? And why blame 'programmers', there are plenty of doctors, lawyers, and financial workers in SF that have to 'step over' the homeless every day on their way to work as well. Isn't there a story about Steve using a NeXTstation at Apple for email until OS X was up and running? I don't think $5,000 is a reasonable minimum for a car. Depending on your area you should be able to find something that's reliable for $2,000, even if it's not a Volvo. > I live in a low cost of living area and the cheapest car sold by the local Carmax is $8K. You can buy used cars on craigslist, or go around looking for ones on the side of the road or in parking lots for sale. And a 2007 model year car came out in 2006, now it's 2013, so that car has been around for 7 years. 112,000/7 = 16,000 miles per year which isn't out of the ordinary. Most people put between 12-15,000 miles a year on a vehicle. > I walk or ride somewhere in the neighborhood of 700 miles each year. That's 2 miles per day. Certainly nothing to brag about, but if I could do all my shopping or commuting without a car, and only had to walk/bike 2 miles a day, I would. Why own a car? Even walking that's a only 30 minutes a day. (at least it seems like) Maps kills my battery if I leave it open - iPhone 4 'Two-pizza teams'. If you can't feet the whole team with 2 pizzas, it's too big. Probably a huge client. Millions a month in revenue, but slow to pay. Neither site does interactive charts without Flash. Not a bad idea, but then you have to create some file with a list of your little lies. Then that file has to be encrypted and you have to remember the password for it. What was your childhood pet's name? Did I answer this with 'Bob Saget' or 'Nosferatu'? I can't remember! I doubt many of these self-taught guys are writing compilers. They're mostly doing CRUD apps or 'plain old web development'. > The "no degree, no problem" idea isn't backed up by my personal experience. I wish it were that easy, but I still find myself struggling to break in. I've found in a lot of companies in middle America, it's nearly impossible to get in with out a BS. Even if you know someone. The smaller companies will often take you but the pay and benefits are usually lower. On the other hand, they're more likely to have flexible schedules, allow working from home, and not have a dress code. Imagine being at Instagram, $1bn and only what, 14 employees? Why a race car? Why not a 'regular' car? Just compare the Chevy Volt against the Tesla Model S! I think the easy way to do this is not eat them in their regular form. Mix them up and add them to a recipe. You might not want to eat a spoonful of beetles but if they're ground up into a sauce, you'd never know. On the same note, not many Americans at raw (rare, rather) beef 50 years ago. I can't believe the author suggested Verdana or Tahoma. They look terrible. In a few years (months?) there will be articles telling everyone to quit using slab-serif fonts which are very popular right now. Have you been to a kids soccer game? Everyone makes the team, everyone gets to play, and everyone gets a little trophy at the end of the season. Some leagues don't even keep score. Am I the only one who doesn't find that job inquiry via text not that bad? There's no text or AOL-speak. In fact, it's worded better than most emails I receive at work. The author and the college kid have what seems like a pretty informal relationship. It's not like he's texting back some HR person he's never met! Ubuntu (just using it for an example) is a modern operating system and every bit as easy to use for someone who has 'basic computing skills'. Don't forget Rackspace turned an abandoned mall into their HQ http://www.bizjournals.com/sanantonio/news/2013/03/21/stormi... First-world problems are accessible. Some guy posted this traffic graph on [H] the other day, he said he was "verizon's most wanted" http://i.imgur.com/gyB8Sya.png Couldn't they bust him for P2P or sharing illegal content? He said friends and family stream media from him, and I doubt he has a whole rack of hard drives to store legitimately owned data. I recently took an SQL skill assessment test from one of the big 'testing' sites. My first problem with the test was that it was a mix of Oracle and MS SQL, when my resume said 'MySQL'. And there were questions such as 'What is the MS SQL equivalent to the Oracle keyword xxxx?' Luckily I've used it enough to not bomb that portion. To be expected with a recruiter... Anyway, some of the other questions were pretty silly like "Which of the following is a DDL command?", and many were SELECT statements with a syntax error that you had to pick out, and probably the one question that made sense was about the difference between WHERE and HAVING. It was a Wayne's World joke. Still on Hulu+, right? For $7.99 a month I'll subscribe to 3-4 streaming services. It's worth it and still less than the hundred bucks a month cable costs. Family photos as the lock screen! I'm not sure of the sense in comparing a $129 AMD CPU to a $329 Intel CPU. Sure, they both have integrated graphics but the budgets of people building a system with these CPU's are going to be very, very different. It'd be silly to build a system with an i7 and no discrete GPU when you could use an i3 (or even a Pentium) and use the savings on video card. Is it that simple? Just pony up another $9.95 for a VPS and you've got git access to your repos whenever GitHub is down. Soylent isn't necessarily about forcing you to eliminate food and preparation - it's about giving you the option. And like Rob did, you can still enjoy a regular dinner with friends, and just have it for breakfast or lunch. I love cooking, I love food, but it does take a lot of my time, of which after sleeping and working I only have 7 hours of the day. Other people can't or don't like cooking - what joy is cooking your own food to someone who burns a bowl of cereal? And for anyone who simply doesn't care about cooking or food, this could be a huge improvement over eating McDonald's or Lean Cuisine every day. Right now, 'not caring' about what you eat has a huge, negative impact on your health. They're trying to eliminate that. I guess this disproves the old "People are more likely to go online and say something bad, than something good." It was $1,600 have ACL surgery on our dog. Think about that one for a while. Exactly. The level of disconnect is concerning. Most people are shopping at Target or Walmart because things are 20% cheaper there. In 24, Jack only uses a phone once and then smashes it. How anonymous is a phone I've been using for a whole month? Why would they bother asking you, when they could simply ask your ISP? Why ask each customer? > Far far less than Java jobs. Especially in middle America, or corporate America. I was doing this for a while. I used to go after work, then started going at lunch. But the place I go doesn't have a shower, so even after I dry of with a towel and take a hobo shower with some baby wipes, I'm still kind of icky when I get back to work. I don't really like being even a little bit stinky out of respect for my co-workers. It also causes me to take another 20 minutes for lunch or eat at my desk, and in the summer it takes me a good 20 minutes for my body temperature to come back to normal. It works but as always there are compromises to be made. Who owns the rights to QuarterDeck's old RamDoubler software? I can hear the lawyers coming. Deploy to staging or test environment. Actually, I was thinking of a Windows program named 'MagnaRAM' that Quarterdeck sold. MagnaRAM worked by replacing a portion of Windows' virtual memory system. MagnaRAM would insert itself in the string of Windows Programs that determined what pieces of RAM will be moved to the hard disk. Instead of writing directly to the hard disk, the information to be written would go to MagnaRAM's own buffer as this was a faster process. During CPU idle, MagnaRAM would compress the information in its own RAM buffer. When the RAM buffer becomes full, it is then swapped to the hard disk taking both less time and less space Sounds very similar to zram on Linux. Virtual memory always seemed like a black art to me. Perfect use for the Pi I have collecting dust (played with it for a few days). Someone should sell a turnkey box to plug your TV into. The previous poster is talking about the 'old definition' of VPN. If you don't have a office with a server you don't need to use a VPN to connect to it (and each other), since it's on the web. Tweak tools, customization - people need to learn that this doesn't matter. Look at the Mac. You can't change anything. You can't even change the colors. You're stuck with what you've got. But people just learned to live with it. After you stop complaining and start working, you actually get things done. Whenever I turn my Linux machine on, I'm always tweaking something. I can't do that on my Mac. I've sat at Starbucks for over an hour installing themes and such. Talk about wasting time, but I guess I find it fun. (I'm still using the old GNOME) The multi-threaded Pov-Ray and Cinebench tests are just about the only two benchmarks where the AMD 8-cores beat the i7 2600k, and just barely beats it. The Intel chips soundly win in anything else (encoding, Photoshop...), and by almost 2X in some of the single-threaded tests. > We now use our vendor-controlled computing devices to go places. All of these places are owned by someone. What's so different about that, compared to 20 years ago? We used AOL or Compuserve. Internet sites were almost all owned by universities or a small number of companies. > I can't delete cookies on my iPad or ensure that files are securely erased. Updates on my Kindle happen automatically, without my knowledge or consent. Again - you couldn't erase your history on Prodigy or MSN. If you didn't update your dialer/client you were eventually locked out. And aren't signed. The headline made me think this was about the security 'features' on the original Xbox. You're worried about malware on a OS X install? I'm not saying it isn't possible but I'd consider that overkill. We do the exact same thing. Up until 5 or so years ago, we used a separate computer under each desk to run Linux on, it's so nice to be able to run both on the same machine. It's also portable, where previously you'd have to drag two laptops on the road with you. Python is commonly used in web services, where retrieving information from a database and transmitting the results via slow network connections are what takes up the most time, not processing the data in between with Python. Does anyone have the #'s for say, shootings? Except that in far too many areas, crime is still increasing. Are they painting houses with lead paint again? Chicago had 532 murders in 2012. With 1/3rd the population of NYC What's the drug scene like in New York these days? First you had heroin, then the rise of crack cocaine, but since then the murder rate has gone lower and lower (early 90's) There's a very close link between the drug trade and inner-city murders. Good call - lease a bigger 16-core 32GB box such as your database server on their managed hosting platform (not cheap), and then just spin up cloud instances connected to that server using RackConnect which seems to be some fancy, cumbersome routing/vlan monstrosity. Part of the problem is a benchmark like this, put together with plain ignorance, and published on the web will give people who don't know any better all kinds of false perceptions. Is his simple benchmark even hitting the disks? If you follow recent articles, HN'ers don't watch the news channels. > They require too much of a lifestyle change which makes those programs seem inaccessible. Letting the sandwich shop down the road yell at teenagers for $4/hr is better than having teenagers go halfway across the state with Job Corps. A lot of these kids need exactly that - a change of environment. I have a second cousin whose mother is always getting fired from minimum wage jobs, is constantly getting kicked out of apartments, and couldn't provide him with a stable home life. His dad is long gone. Job Corps provided him with a place to stay, training, and a job. But the best part of it was that he had to move an hour and a half away, close enough to visit but far enough where he wouldn't be distracted by all the trouble in our crime-ridden and poverty stricken city. They also teach personal skills and things like money management. If you don't get the kid out of the ghetto, you'll have trouble getting the ghetto out of the kid. Where are the young black kids in tech? Blacks of any age are sorely under-represented in tech. So are Latinos, although not quite as bad. It's a very white (and Asian/Indian) world we live in. I'm so glad to see things like Black Girls Code. These kids need mentors that aren't sports stars, or music stars. Oddly enough, music is one industry I always remember running into a lot of black people in - Macs and ProTools used in music production. Starbucks is freezing in the summer, super hot in the winter (in the midwest, that is). You can't win. They also appear to let you bring your own food and drinks. I've seen moms break out a box of Capri Suns to give to their herd of children and people unwrap a footlong from Subway in the Barnes and Noble Cafe. Any QoS would be a big help. A lot of the shops only have what appears to be a T1 connection and once you get someone streaming video, it can ruin it for everyone else. Don't stream or download huge files, be courteous. Every time I start learning Python, after a few hours I remember "I already know Ruby", and that's the end of that. I already know it, so it rocks. Python is fun but I already have Ruby. It's just a language and there's nothing I can really do in Python that I can't do it Ruby, and vice-versa (at my level, anyway). I guess I'm just lucky I have the option of using either instead of say, ______. Were there large import tariffs or something making it prohibitively expensive to get Apple computers from the US, or did Apple not market the machines internationally? Countries such as the USSR and Brazil simply made their own Apple clones. I'd suspect Western Europe did not do so because of legal ramifications. You also get a bill for $400 for the firetruck and $10 for each fireman Why not just outsource it to ADP for $5 billion? Depending on where you live, and what the incident is, yes. Since fire fighters usually serve paramedic roles, a fire truck will often be dispatched to a serious car accident. If you're lucky your car insurance will cover some or all of the bill. What you don't want is the $10,000 bill if they send a helicopter out. Doesn't everyone do this with sessions in iTerm? Right-click on the dock icon and then pick your server... Linux 'is free'. Very difficult to get people to pay a premium for 'free'. You have to charge less for a PC with Linux on it, since there's no Windows license it should cost less, right? Without getting people to pay a premium, it isn't possible to make things that are 'Apple-gorgeous'. Not to mention the Linux market is so small to begin with... It wasn't made that way in the first place. Remember Windows (which came out in 1985 or so) was designed to run at something like 640x350 with 4-bit graphics on an 8086. Windows 95 was ten years later and only required a 640x480 screen. Bitmapped graphics, supporting things from 16 color to 24-bit color. Check out the BMP file format sometime. Contrast to something like NeXTStep, which evolved into OS X, started out with display hardware of 1120×832 (although grayscale). More importantly it used display postscript which is vector-based. Even though it came out in 1989 which was only 4 years after Windows 1.0, the computers that ran it were much, much more powerful than the PC of the time. The original NeXT computer was closer in performance to what a mid-range Windows 95 machine was (486DX/25MHz, 8MB RAM, 1024x768 graphics...) The OS supports it, but so many of those little custom controls people have wrote over the years didn't take it into consideration... We won't have to make fonts for Retina - we already did, they're (usually) designed to be printed which is much higher DPI than a Retina display.. It wasn't until Windows XP when Microsoft said "Let's make fonts that look great on the screen, at low resolution" For one, they are bitmap fonts, based on what you'd usually see in video hardware ROM. Using a thinner font would cause DOS applications (the first, and main thing you'd run in a DOS box) to look really bad. Remember they would use things from the (character set)[ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_page_437 ] to do windows and such in text video modes. In the current day, the non-bitmap fonts such as Consolas don't translate well when using things like RDP or other remote tools. Partially because you lose things like font smoothing which make them more readable and partially because of compression artifacts obscuring characters. It was what, 60 the other day in SF when it's been 90-something everywhere else all week? Most people that visit think it's 'cold', they're expecting the hot weather of SoCal NYC is above 90 for what, 10-20 says a year? I'd wager Austin is above 90 for 150+ >> It's definitely possible that Midwest professionals would like the choice of staying in the Midwest, but how likely is it they'll pick Detroit over Chicago? Forget about Chicago - why would anyone pick Detroit over, nearby Ann Arbor? What about ExFAT, could Android had implemented that? Is it royalty-free? Does Apple have to pay Microsoft for the ability to access FAT partitions? I don't understand why people in terrible positions stay where they are. I realize it takes at least some money to move, you need a way to get where you're going and you need money when you get there to eat and have a place to stay, but previous generations were much more mobile than we are now. My grandparents constantly re-located to where the work was. They did construction so they'd move to where a big hurricane hit, since they'd be busy for a few years. People from the south flocked to the mid-west for factory jobs in the middle of the last century. But this generation, and the previous generation, are content with just sitting on their asses. People are content to stay put after losing a job. Why move, they're getting an unemployment check? And it's not even people who own a home and don't wish to move. It irks me when people say, "I can't find a job here." Change where here is! Beg, borrow, or steal a couple hundred bucks and hop a Greyhound out to the oil fields. Do something . >> we are on our fourth generation (G4) of servers. Our first generation (G1) servers were stock Dell PowerEdge servers. We deployed these in early 2010 Wow, 4 generations of servers in 3 years. Talk about iterating quickly. Was Cloudflare bootstrapped or did they start with a huge investment? 23 datacenters full of equipment sounds like a lot to me. Choosing the wrong chipset in VirtualBox can easily create a 50-100% performance difference. This is probably the answer you're looking for: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/default.aspx?PageIndex=2... TL/DR; The font has to support all the needed characters, plus not have have overhang etc which keeps the font from 'going outside the box'. The poor kids had Nintendo and Sega back then, just like the poor kids have Xbox and PlayStation today. Wait - I thought New York city's crime rate actually rose 4 percent because of all the iPhone thefts? http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2212093/Spike-iPhone... > Sometimes crime is under reported or covered up or not acted on. This could not be more true where I live, and with police departments shrinking nationwide, I would guess that it's true in other places as well. Plenty of people are still getting their back doors kicked down while at work, and come home to find their laptops and consoles, and television missing. You call the police, and they'll show up 4 hours later, and all they really do is put your name on a list. It's basically up to you to go around and search pawn shops and craigslist to find your stuff. Most people don't even bother to call the cops, and don't bother filing an insurance claim since an LCD TV is $450 and the insurance deductible is $1500, not to mention the rise in rates or risk of getting your coverage dropped. Reported crime is down. That's about it. You can buy a large number of domains but don't want to spend $5/month for them? > I got the chance to interview for a local android dev shop (this is in Santa Cruz, CA) > There is so much opportunity and demand in the consumer web and electronics space right now Very true - but your location is a huge benefit to someone who's in say, the middle of Iowa or Kentucky. I installed them yesterday just fine on a new machine. Weird. This is the same as CPU Ready in VMware? Anybody have one of these that can benchmark it against a $5 Digital Ocean VPS? $2.99 is a crazy price for a dedi. You don't even have to be 'good at security' to get a job making great salary - just a clearance and maybe a certification or two. I've heard theories that it's as simple as they had older and slower machines, so they thought more carefully about not just the code they were writing but about the machine it was running on as well. In the end, they end up gaining a better understanding than 'spoiled' programmers in the west who could afford to compile, run, edit, compile, run... There's also the theory that they don't have as much to do, at least not as many distractions. High heat will kill the psylocibin - boiling may have weakend them. I wonder how many medical offices with a staff of 3 have a Cisco 3950 in the closet... Right - everything has to be a sprite. That way you can represent the screen with something like 360 (20x18) sprites, instead of 23040 (160x144)) pixels. The sprites are also done by blitting hardware, the Z80 CPU presumably couldn't update a 160x144 screen at a playable framerate if it had to update pixel by pixel. While I understand where a few of these are coming from, a lot of them can be dumb mistakes: There must be something wrong with your data - We didn't build in any error-checking Oh, that was just a temporary fix - Nobody ever followed up on that That worked perfectly when I developed it - We never tested it etc > And quite a bit of the legacy pain is in having to deal with the old (flawed/bugged/limited) abstraction layers and dlls that people would very much rather not have to support anymore, but cannot abandon due the installed base of the old hardware it supports. It'd be interesting to see if the newer versions of Android would attempt to do what the newer versions of Windows did - detect an older application trying to use an undocumented feature, and then give the app what it wants to hear, instead of crashing or having a bug. Therefore, keeping compatibility with older programs. Microsoft of course had teams of people doing this kind of stuff. >> When you develop for Windows, worrying about which version of .NET Framework might be installed on the user's machine or whether or not a certain feature of the OS might be turned on It's also not quite as big of a deal on Windows - you can simply include or launch the installer for the XYZ Library or ABC Framework version 3.9. The reason they come back right after delivering the food is so they can make sure your meal is as you ordered. Is something cold or taste especially bad? Was the wrong sauce or filling used by the cook? It's also what they're going to use when they are done with college and working for most companies. At least firewire didn't cannibalize your video output port Apple wouldn't care - look at the 'ancient' video card in the Mac Pro Similar to a Word .doc? Who's worked with both, is it Better, or worse? And be asked to join G+ This is big. Well, not that big, but kinda big. Starbucks and the Barnes and Noble cafes near me both use the same incredibly slow AT&T wifi. The most I can pull down when the place is completely empty is ~ 150kbs, so I'm assuming they have a T1 circuit for internet. To make it worse, the router they use appears to not do any traffic-shaping at all. So with just one person streaming video or downloading app/OS updates, it becomes excruciatingly slow. It's kind of rude to other guests when you use the wifi to catch up on the last 4 episodes of Breaking Bad or torrent something. There's also the wifi congestion when the store is very busy but what can you do about that? With that said, I'm curious as to what the up to 10x faster than before means. If they offer a 10/15mbs connection, that would be a huge improvement. All the independent coffee places in town either offer wifi backed by 20-30mbs cable or 6mbs DSL, so they are much better destinations if you know you're going to need decent internet access. Nothing like running 'bundle install' and after 45 minutes you just pack it up and leave because you're getting dial-up speeds. "Starbucks? The internet sucks there. Let's just go to..." I've had a MacBook Air since 2011 and don't remember the last time I plugged into a network (except for my desktop at work). > I hope you don't mean for the students themselves. I live in NYC and know at least two people who don't have a connection at home... The low-income areas around me don't have a Starbucks, so it doesn't do those kids any good. > Public Wifi is near-universally terrible. Take WWDC this year. You're comparing a coffee shop with 10-30 people in it to a conference with 5,000 people in attendance? Comparing the Boston Bombing to 9/11 doesn't really make sense. The OKC bombing, that's a much better comparison. Attacks on the level of the Boston Bombing happen every day in various countries around the world. But something like 9/11 or OKC, that kind of stuff doesn't happen every day. One of those was by far the most incredible act of terrorism in the modern world. Heck, even car bombs that kill 100+ seem to happen every couple months. I don't think enough is being done to protect the Great Lakes. They are the largest source of fresh water in the entire world. They've been over-fished, the industries of the surrounding area polluted the living hell out of them up until the 1970's, they've been invade by Zebra mussels and the water levels are at record lows. Places I swam as a kid don't even exist any more - the water has moved out a hundred yards from the old shore. In the USA you just use automotive jumper cables to connect to your neighbors service. The people they interviewed didn't look like they were terribly down on their luck. One couple just looked like young couple who might have moved in there because it's trendy, and the older guy looked like he lived there just because it was cheap. Remodeling the place, watching football on TV... They really don't seem like the poorer people you could see from the shots outside the building. I'd like to see them talking to people who gave the place the reputation it has. Is there some 'rule' there, like don't go above the 20th floor to stay in the 'good' part of the building? Needing multiple servers, or the ability to easily grow is a good excuse to rent out 1/2 or 1/4 cabinet. One managed server at a place like Rackspace can cost $800/month. If you lease 1/2 cabinet you can put whatever you want in it, but you also have to fix it, or pay someone to. If you've had a box there for a few years, there's no guarantee that there's empty space near it for more servers or a load balancer. For a lot of small companies that have 2-3 servers, 'fanatical support' simply isn't worth it. We still end up having to call them to reboot a box or tell them what to do. Or call them and ask why it's down, when they should be calling and telling us. Chicken is one of the blandest of the birds. That's why it has to be deep fried, covered in spices and roasted, or marinated/mixed with a bunch of sauce to taste good. Chicken meat simply doesn't have the ability to be enjoyed on it's own like beef. Eggs on the other hand... The only reason soy 'burgers' or 'dogs' exist is so that your vegetarian buddy doesn't have to feel left out at a cookout. They're full of sodium and preservatives and processed which is everything healthy people tell you to avoid. Not to mention if you put them in a bun with ketchup and mayo... Besides, there are a hundred vegetarian dishes I'd be glad to eat before I'd want to eat a fake hotdog. "Qualified applicants" takes on a different meaning if you're looking for someone to crank out a CRUD app or write operating system kernels. For example, we've been looking for an entry-level web developer for almost a year. They actually put "computer science degree" and "2 years experience" on the job ad. We found a pretty smart kid with an associates that blew the interview by mentioning he kept up with industry trends on Reddit - so our boss is afraid he's going to screw around online all day. The sad part is, 3 of the other 4 developers in the department came from other areas in the same company, one in shipping and one in billing, and have almost no formal computer training and don't even know how to upgrade Firefox. I have no problem with this being done with legitimate drug dealers. A real bust, where the cops are shown standing behind a table with a half of a million in cash stacked on the table, a small arsenal of firearms, and couple kilos of drugs on the table. They auction off the house and luxury cars and the expensive electronics etc inside. But taking someones car because they were driving it while buying $10 of pot? Absolutely ridiculous. I'm sure with a lawyer you can get your car back and charges dropped but if you don't have the money for that, it's simply not fair to take someone's vehicle for recreational drug use. There's no arguing that it's against the law but you don't get your vehicle taken away for speeding or driving away in it while shoplifting or writing a bad check. What's the difference? Chances are if the cops see the pipe, that's enough to search the entire car without your permission (drug paraphernalia). The one with the 30-year old guy who lived at home who turned his elderly parents home into a drug house? Obvious what was going on there, but unless the kid recently paid his parents house off with 'drug money', it's easy to argue they have no right to take them home. Since they had been there since 1966 I could see it have been paid off quite a while ago. All of the RISC chips were dying anyway. Intel was starting to build steam with the Pentium Pro and Pentium II, Wintel servers were getting cheaper and more common, Windows was becoming 'good enough' and Linux started to push the expensive traditional Linuxes off the table. Big in avionics for some reason too. Wasn't it the F/22 which received an upgraded PPC that was in the news a while back? I knew people were still using AOL mail, but Prodigy? Then I read the article. Are there features holding people back from going to DO from somewhere like Linode? Load balancing, private backend network, etc? The commenting/upvoting system stink over at /. The Reddit/HN style is so much better. They should have switched a while ago. It makes the site still feel like 1997. Saddens me to suggest that Carmack has finally 'jumped the shark'. Childhood hero of mine and all, but id hasn't been doing much lately. He's cutting back on funding Armadillo. Maybe he plans on retiring and taking it easy pretty soon? He's had to have an exhausting last 20 years. No matter how cool this Oculus product is, VR headsets are just not going to catch on. I really doubt that it would be cheaper than say, beans and rice. The initial one week supply is $65, which is nearly $10/day. They're bulky, heavy, hold heat, and you look like a dork wearing them. Maybe some sort of light plastic glasses like you wear for a 3D movie, if the technology was there to put an HD image in the lenses. But nothing in it's current state. If you eat a large amount of food with coloring in it, like green or blue, it comes out green or blue . It's kind of a shame that financial aid is often given based on need, and not ability. There's no excuse for illegible handwriting. It can be as simple as taking your time and making half-decent looking letters. >> You haven't yet discovered that any business -- any real business that is-- is going to get to the point where you actually have to do work. Automate away everything you can, but there is still going to be work. >> If you're bored doing work, and only interested in the exciting stuff, you're never going to be happy in any job beyond 6 months or so There's a lot of truth in this. When I did network administration I would job-hop. The first 6-12 months at a place were always full of stuff to do, and the things you did made each department fall in love with you. Rebuild a server that's been flaking out for 2 years? Fix some application the other guy could never get to work? Roll-out a new system for X? Upgrade to the latest firewalls/switches/whiskerdoo? But then after that, it's like time stands still. There's nothing left to innovate, nothing exciting to do. Sure, there's stuff to do but who wants to actually do it? Maintenance is no fun. Later, doing QA at a my first software job, we had a developer with that mindset. He'd flesh out an app and use whatever the latest libraries and tools were. The first demo would amaze everyone. He'd come in late and leave early. By the time we started beta testing the product it turned into a huge mess. I took on the not-so-glamorous job of fixing the whole thing. And instead of quitting (like I wished he would), he'd stick around and the the boss would give him a new project to work on. Starting the cycle all over again... The tech may not have been there at the time. A lot of things like Humvee's and APC's come from retired or surplus military equipment. Your sheriff's department isn't buying those things with your tax money. The Army does, and then gives it to the sheriff's department when they're done with them. It's an arms race between the cops and robbers. 30 years ago the cops carried .38 special revolvers and maybe a shotgun. After incidents like the North Hollywood Shootout, where criminals had body armor and semi-automatic rifles, cops had to step it up. You can't stop a bank robber with body armor using a .38 special. Eventually, the cops will have to step it up again when criminals get access to armored vehicles, better body armor, and bigger guns. In 10 years the LAPD will probably have an F-22 to shoot down the helicopter a gang of bank robbers starts using. >> I’ve owned a car for most of my adult life and they’re a mystery to me. Right. But you bought a car to drive places, not because you like taking them apart or 'programming' them. You probably bought a computer for the latter. >> Most jetliners are more efficient than an SUV. It's not hard, because SUVs are so incredibly inefficient. The proper comparison is to other jetliners. The Boeing 747 gets about 100 passenger-miles per gallon. That's 5x as efficient as the Concorde, at 20 passenger-miles per gallon. The Concorde was twice as fast - which is why it was worth a premium over a 747. Just like it costs more to send a package next-day than it does grown. It's also 'worth' the fuel penalty. Just like you car burns twice as much gas going 100mph as it does 65mph, but you get there faster so it could be 'worth' it if you're in an emergency, or poor planner. Speaking of efficiency, what does a Greyhound Bus or Amtrak train get as far as passenger miles/gallon? A quick look at the pinout for the cards shows a 3.3v line, so it simply draws power from the host device. Seems very forced. I've used vim on an iPad for a bit just to try it, and it was very inconvenient compared to a small laptop. >> it boggles my mind why everything thinks BB10 is crap, and that no one wants it The brand is ruined, much like Yahoo, Myspace or AOL. Arguments for tipping: Reward hard-working waitstaff Leave a large tip for a cute member of the waitstaff and get their phone # Arguments against tipping: Kitchen staff isn't rewarded, front of the house is Staff will be lazier and less attentive without tips Right - which is why a personal use server such as your home music collection or Roku, or a COD server on Xbox is fine. Email for 500 people, running the next eBay, or co-locating boxes for people, isn't. Did people really thing Google wasn't going to have reasonable limits such as this? Read it a while back. I'm fine with the tipping situation in the US. Totally cultural. Visitors from other countries might find the US waitstaff to be overbearing while US visitors to other countries may find the waitstaff to be inattentive. Taxed at what percent? Ludicrous. Have you been to a supermarket or restaurant in the last 20 years? >> This kind of article seems to ignore the fact that almost everyone eats poorly. An argument could be made that most people don't eat poorly, they simply eat too much . Over half of the US population is fat . It's insane. >> We weren't made for anything. No, but our bodies have been fine-tuned through evolution over the last million years, up until probably the last 20,000 or so. Your digestive tract is different from a cow, snake, or wolf for a reason. >> it appears they want data to go directly from their hardware to their servers before anyone else's code can touch it. The way Fitbit works is they push the data down to you whenever it's updated by the device or user. >> as a developer, of course, it would be nice to get as close to the hardware as possible. In our case it wasn't desired at all - all we want from the device is the data, which we get from the site. Building wellness products where it's so much easier to have the device automatically upload the phone app (bluetooth transfer) or USB dongle on the users PC. Half your problem is getting people to log into a site every day to record their activity. Other vendors such as Pebble require the developer to hit an API for the data and their site can be down for days at a time, without so much as a peep out of them. You think as a company they'd want to treat developers better... Prius owners are famous for this as well. It's very annoying when you in a hurry and someone is 'hyper-miling'. Aren't there quite a few unoccupied buildings in areas like the Tenderloin and Civic Center that could be made into apartments? >> That’s $324,000 a year. But for just $120,000, the company could buy all the physical servers it needed for the job What about power, cooling, rent in the building for the room you're keeping them in, backup generator, internet connectivity, administration costs (setup, repairs, installation), etc? >> “The public cloud is phenomenal if you really need its elasticity,” Frenkiel says. “But if you don’t — if you do a consistent amount of workload — it’s far, far better to go in-house.” Yup. A major complaint about produce from mega farms is that they aren't grown for taste but pest-resistance or size or color. Since humans have tastebuds, taste is a pretty important factor and isn't considered. >> We have eyes. We eat with our eyes. Shoppers BUY with their eyes as well. A bright red, smooth, round, large tomato sells much faster than a dented, small, oddly shaped tomato. When it's cooked into a sauce you're never going to see it anyway. >> Show me a better tomato. Please. Grow your own. Heirloom tomatoes are very 'ugly' but they have so much flavor compared to those pink-ish orange softballs at the grocery stores. It's left hand vs right hand, though. >> I need a place without distractions. Drab offices are depressing, sure, but they are better for actually getting work done, at least for me. The thing about a coffee shop is that it provides just enough noise to not be distracting. Plus it's much easier to tune out the sound of an espresso machine, people coming in and out, and the clatter of dishes than it is a co-worker on speaker phone two cubes over or someone standing behind you talking. Sure, some people need complete silence and tranquility and work best in a closed door office, but many people can tune out and work well in a busy, noisy coffee shop. We went from working a slightly dingy, tiny office in a converted duplex to a brand new place with open floor plans and 3 times the space, but the new office was so dang loud, nobody could get anything done. Concrete floors, block walls, no ceiling tiles, it looks really nice but you can hear a ping drop in the front office from the back of the building. I don't get the benefit of anything over something like a single 23" monitor running at 1920x1080. I've spent time on co-workers 27" iMacs. There's just too big of a screen to use effectively. Sure, you an have 2 browser windows size by side along with a code window and a log window and a documentation window. But, you can only effectively look at about 45% of the screen at one time. The rest of the time you look like a chicken bobbing your head around. It is so much faster to hit a keyboard shortcut to go to another window/application or switch to another desktop. The bonus of it is you don't need to move your head since you can see the whole screen. Every computer user, especially anyone technical enough to be a developer or designer, is going to know alt-tab, so there's nothing to learn . A resolution like 1366x758 is simply not enough to do work on. Sure, plenty of us use it on our MacBook Airs but we also breathe a huge sign of relief when we plug into an external monitor at our desks, and stretch our figurative legs on the 1440x900 screen of a 13" Air. At bare minimum, enough screen real estate is needed to see your browser window alongside a web inspector. Using a resolution of 1366x768 causes you to shrink the fonts or spend half your time scrolling. Why learn, when you can Google any question you have and then blindly enter whatever instructions you find? >> They may not be able to multiply 0.15 or even 0.20 against a whole-dollar amount in under 30 seconds I don't know how you would even need 30 seconds to do this. Lets say our bill is $62.50. Finding 20% of that is simply multiplying that by 0.20, which is also just multiplying by 2 and moving the decimal point over on stinking place. 2 * 62.50 = $125.00 ~ 12.50 It's that simple. I don't even think about it. Maybe people just see '20%' and that scares them. Maybe that's where the problem lies. Your average non-coding person might spend all day trying to figure out how to sort a list of names but it would come naturally to a C+ programmer like myself, and come even faster and in a much better algorithm/implementation to someone who's a good programmer. When he said the first story happened in 2002, I was expecting to hear a story about getting your workstation as a severence package. I knew so many people during the crash who had the most random computer and office equipment. All 'acquired' when their company went out of business. Aeron chair. Anthro cart. Sun Ultra 10, loaded. $4,000 Toshiba laptop. Occaisonaly some Cisco kit or a fairly beefy server. "This used to run dot com." How'd that work? Didn't the creditors or management care? I don't think the tools available really limit a beginning programmer. They'll hack away in Visual Basic or using a hexeditor on their favorite programs. What they really need is a mentor, learning materials, and the drive to create something. The smartest kid in the world isn't going to build anything useful or interesting if he doesn't care about it. He'll be assisted big time if he has someone to give him a sense of direction. It's amazing how much a 'dumb' but determined kid can get done, even if underneath it's a horrible jumble of spaghetti code. The good thing about sports is you can generally go to a bar or something and watch 'the game', on the plus side they have beer and food and other people to watch it with. You can't go to the bar (at least around here) for the sole purpose of watching the latest episode of 'Breaking Bad'. You missed the sentence before that one - By the next year, prices plummeted and most people paid below or at the asking price. On the other hand, think of all the companies Microsoft used to compete with that are basically gone. Most 3 year olds can write their name (at some degree) and recognize quite a few words. $80 for a laptop and $5/month for a VPS all running a free OS is just amazing in the sense of how anyone can build and launch a website nowadays. Isn't being felt up much more of a violation of your rights than going through an x-ray machine? My nutso-girlfriend refuses to go through them because of OMG CANCER, so instead I end up sitting around for a half hour while they manually search her. It's such a pain in the ass. Is this an ad? Any idea what the 'pro upgrade' adds? Doesn't say on the page. Being a free app I wonder how restricted it is without the upgrade. Support for 80+ file types would require a lot of time invested, unless most of them are built into iOS or have a free library. (I'd bet text/RTF files, PDF and common image types are counted in the 80+) If you don't have an artist, you need to be able to do art+code. Even if you're making as simple puzzle game, your game is going to look a hundred times better with jewels/blocks drawn by someone who knows what they are doing, compared to something you hacked up in MSPaint. And don't go super-cheap on the artist. It might take them a few hours to do just a few simple icons/items, so pay them what you'd want per hour for a contract job. Don't pay them $10 an hour or offer $100 to do an entire replacement of your development art. The same goes for music. Even an original theme song is going to take 10-12 hours of work. So asking for a $50 song isn't going to yield good results. What do you do if your ISP says 'shut it down'? They also greatly changed the way Deja News worked. Ruined it, if you asked people at the time. The web interface part of it How many more sales would you get if the price were $1 or $2, instead of $5? That's quite a leap to make. Lots of people did, back when their ISP didn't offer newsgroup access. Plus it had a great search interface and some other features I don't remember. Going from your cable/DSL ISP to your house and then back to the ISP adds quite a bit of lag as well, compared to a server sitting in a DC somewhere. I've made a beefy VM or even used a spare server at the office on a 100/10mb pipe and a $5 VPS is much more responsive. Especially noticeable with things like an IRC shell. Your apps have to support SOCKS proxies for one. Not sure if it's the font or actual size of the letters, the labeling on the keys looks really, really small. Apple/Lenovo have perfected keyboards in their laptops. It's been years since I've wanted an aftermarket one. The question isn't "Is the Air worth it", it's "Is the 13" Retina worth it". The bad part about the T400 for some people is the ESC key is on the 7th row, where it should be on the 6th on the left of the F1 key. That's it, Macs are just flat out nice. Really nice. You just can't get the same package with other laptops, as nice as some of the others are. The other thing that keeps me on a Mac is whenever I run Linux I'm always tweaking shit - you can't on a Mac, so you just get to work instead of goofing around with settings all day. Plus everything works the way it should, you don't get some weird app you can't cut and paste in or just random things like that. "We have a million and a half users in 3 months" is a pretty good substitute for "We're making a million dollars in revenue a year" That is about the worst top-rated answer I've seen in a while on SO. >> I think we're forgetting that the Walmart customer is not the Costco/Trader Joe's customer. I would say the same for the employees. Your average Walmart worker would probably be washed-out in a shift or two at Trader Joe's. Everyone at TJ's is busting their ass, Walmart employees seem to just be standing around doing nothing but talking to one another. >> During Ludum Dare, I remained tightly interfaced with Flash. I was continually in the midst of the edit -> compile -> test -> edit loop. >> This was one of the largest reasons for the high pace of production. I discovered this when I started building game ideas in Javascript instead of Xcode. I'd have a skeleton pounded out in an hour or two, and I'd add features in minutes instead of hours. I took a list of things that I though would take me the weekend, and I completed them in an evening. I had to turn a squid log over to FBI agents, they wanted it in XLS format so they could search/sort it. A few commands later I grep'd out the addresses they wanted to see, they were amazed. Moral of the story is FBI field agents are not super hackers. It's like 24 where they take the data back to the HQ and someone works on stuff there, or they just do it in Excel/Access on a laptop. Sort of amazes me that serial bank robbers wouldn't use burn phones. In that case they probably would have just gotten caught by buying a cart full of TracFones at a Walmart somewhere or frequenting a flea market to buy them, but still. 200 person company here. No Exchange, but everyone uses Outlook. You want email on your phone? IT gives you a yourname.ourcompany@gmail.com (with the default password of something like ourcompany1234) and you can get emails forwarded to your phone, and then it looks unprofessional as all hell when you email bobsmith@company.com and bobsmith.company@gmail.com emails you back. Why? Because our incompetent IT director won't allow access to the email server if it's not through a VPN. What is this, 2001? >> If his unique feature is that he doesn't have a lactate threshold, wouldn't that mean he'd be an ideal sprinter They never said he was fast Could he do something like 20,000 pushups in a row as well? Unfortunately, it's so easy to print whatever the heck you want on a t shirt or a cup or sticker, so there's plenty of cheap C&H merchandise out there. >> TI 8* calculators seem to me to be particularly overpriced and lacking in modern features. It's something, which is better than nothing to a bored kid in math class. So many hours spent in study hall getting a dots to form patterns on the screen. Then again we are talking about a device called a 'programmable calculator', you can't really compare it to an iPad. It's funny how the barrier of entry to programming is higher now in some cases, but lower in others. In the old days computers booted to BASIC. C compilers etc cost hundreds of dollars. Today's devices don't boot into BASIC but you can get a ton of programming environments and tools for nothing other than the cost of a download or copying a disk. Even to work with Apple devices you're only looking at $99/year (not counting $1,000 for the necessary Mac) Maybe Apple should make some sort of student license where you can work with 1-5 devices but you can't publish on the store? >> The homeless situation in SF is far worse than in any EU city I know of. I don't know if I'd really call it a situation. Homeless people choose to go to SF because it's one of the best places for them. You won't freeze sleeping on the street, plenty of handouts... Right, but in say Union Square most of the homeless aren't crazy. The Tenderloin is full of people who just walk around talking to themselves or a wall and will follow you around screaming at you. Union square has a lot more alcoholics and drug users, and 'talented' homeless people like street performers and pick-pockets. They may have some minor issues but they're clearly there by choice. My significant other works at the local power company, I'm always receiving SMS pictures of charred raccoons etc. 'Let the startup keep their culture' Slow news day. >> What killed autoworkers' jobs more than anything else was automation. Many, many things killed autoworkers jobs but automation was the least of their worries. If you want to credit it to one thing, it'd be competition . The non-American automakers made cars that lasted longer, got better mileage, and were more reliable. The Big Three could just shovel shit onto dealer lots and it was gobbled up. Everyone has getting rich. Then it came to an end. Once the gas engines become obsolete and everyone's car runs on an electric motor, that's going to make a lot of designers hit the unemployment line. A gasoline engine has thousands and thousands of little parts and associated systems. Electric motors are very, very simple by comparison. Someone needs to design and manufacture all those little parts. >> Am I the only one who feels the same in technical forums Sort of. I used to have a forums addiction and have probably 300,000 posts across about 5 forums that I regularly used. In most cases forum threads are just re-hashing the same things over and over. The same arguments. The same recommendations. Jeff Atwood wanted to fix this real bad. Especially when you're talking about something like a vintage Apple computer or 80's Ford Mustangs. Nothing has changed with these things in years so why do we need to make thousands of posts with people asking the same fucking questions as they were in 1995? Tech news sites were another thing. Refreshing AnandTech, HotHardware, ArsTechnica, The Verge, (the list goes on) only to find out that yes, Virginia, the new widget is 20% faster than the old widget! After a while I realized none of it matters. When I buy a new laptop, I'll spend an hour reading the reviews. If I need to recommend some hardware at work, I'll look at it (and not have to look over my shoulder to see if my boss is wondering why I'm reading SSD articles all morning). We joked about Korean cars for a while, it will take time but Chinese cars are coming. >> You need to get a life and realise how much pain and suffering you have caused us all non m$ users. Of all the pain and suffering that Microsoft programmers have caused the rest of the world, favicons have got to be near the bottom of the list. Curious to the reasons you didn't go with the iMac? Did you need a ton of cores, didn't want to deal with external disks...? The 27" iMac has two ThunderBolt ports so you could run both of those monitors, and the 27" that's built-in. Just link it to some kind of database like the hard drive manufacturers do. How does this apply to a platform change? Say, going from an application written on 80's UNIX hardware that's still going strong today on a 9-year old Itanium system? Start writing replacements for individual modules? The original programmers are set to retire in another 5 years and then it's going to get really, really ugly. >> without questioning it, and to obey authority figures without questioning them. There isn't much debate in reading/writing/arithmetic. >> It’s no wonder that many of the world’s greatest entrepreneurs and innovators either left school early (like Thomas Edison), or said they hated school and learned despite it, not because of it (like Albert Einstein). We're using a genius and one of the most prolific inventors America ever saw to rationalize the idea that school is bad for kids? Not to mention they were in school so long ago. >> even the “best students” (maybe especially them) often report that they are “burned out” by the schooling process. I'd imagine being the best is quite a lot of work. I'd be burned out too. Imagine how long of a wait you'll have if there's a line. If you're the only electric car in town it's not a big deal, but if you have to wait for 3 other cars to fill up... PgUp/PgDn are still there, but I never liked them on the sides of the up arrow key. Anyone know if you can Fn-arrow for PgUp/PgDn/Home/End like on the Mac? That's good enough. 6 hours of battery life in a Haswell laptop? That's probably why Apple is keeping the Retina screen out of the MacBook Air. I really liked the old Yoga but 14" is too big to use like a tablet and 6 hours is not enough battery life. And Firefox doesn't? Companies posting about their interview processes dropping all those kinds of tests say they aren't using advanced algorithms and data structures to solve their problems. There's a difference between some fitness app or a web front end, and being an OS or database developer We had $299 Windows computers from eMachines over 10 years ago. About that same time, Wal-mart sold a $199 Lindows machine. >> Hetzner is provider without direct ties to the US/UK Which also makes them a bad choice if you're trying to watch US TV channels or something while you're visiting abroad. Chrome at over 40% marketshare? Everything else I've read puts it around the same level as FireFox, both browsers somewhere between 17 and 25% depending on the source. Don't most televisions come from the factory Netflix etc capable? My Sony Bravia from like 4 years ago had it as a 'new' feature so I'm sure it's standard by now. A lot of business owners that I know are addicted to work and their family lives have been greatly affected by the time they spend at work. Cable is the only high-speed option in a lot of places in the USA. Most cable providers offer 20-30mbs where DSL options are stuck in the 3-5mb download and 512k-768k upload range. Those speeds make for very unenjoyable internet experiences. They've actually released quite a few updates that add new channels/apps. But the look and feel of the interface is basically the same. I just want to be able to choose a service and browse selections and play them, and it works fine for that. There's always the option to connect it via HDMI to whatever TV streaming box is out there. But I'd rather not connect another device and have another remote, etc. It's very common to see doctors or professors who are very accomplished and intelligent but their car looks like something you'd see on Hoarders . They can be very, very eccentric and their personal habits can appear very strenge. But an $8 jar of almond butter makes perfect sense From the post he links to: >> the loss last week of a planned follow-on investment leaves us little time to secure an alternate source of capital Are there any fonts designed specifically for Retina displays yet? Or does that just imply 'no font smoothing and large sizes'? It's very 'square', it just doesn't look right to me. Not sure if if it's the spacing or if it's just too 'wide'. >> After 30 years of mortgage payments, you own a house. After 30 years of rent, you have nothing. You also haven't spent 30 years landscaping the yard, paying for plumbing, appliances, carpet, 2 asphalt roofs, new windows, a furnace or three, a septic tank... A house can be a very, very expensive asset to maintain. And if your neighborhood goes downhill or the market in your area goes down you can lose a lot of money quickly. It's coming soon - I think he wanted some input before making a release. How about showing it overlaid with a topographical map? I resist making any changes to my fonts/themes. I can spend hours sitting there tweaking them instead of just sticking with something I know (Menlo + Monokai for instance) and then just getting to work. The exact same thing happens in the US. About 2 years after your equipment is confiscated, you get a letter stating that you can come get your stuff within the next 6 days or they are going to auction it off. So you've got to spend the gas to make a 2 hour drive to wherever they took your stuff, and then everything will be broken anyway. It's obsolete by now. And it's all covered in evidence stickers that don't peel off but at least give your case some 'street cred'. They always manage to break the case in about 5 places and the hard drives always come back DOA. And it used to be they didn't have an Mac monitors, keyboards or mice, so they'd take ALL your Mac stuff. But for a PC they just take the tower. Comments. One thing I do when using Source Code Pro is shorten up the line spacing a bit. There's a slider to do it in iTerm2, and you can use these options in Sublime Text: >> "linePaddingTop": 8, >> "linePaddingBottom": 8 By default that family of fonts almost seems double-spaced to me, otherwise I really like them. >> I work for Rack. Can you give any insight into what RackConnect actually is? In my state, you're required to have the State Police add a digital scan of your fingerprints to the FBI database when you apply for a handgun license. Would be curious as to the performance of the mesh network. A community mesh is a great thing in a low-income area but it's really the opposite of Google Fiber. 10GB in that Alpha server seems like a massive amount of memory at the time. But DEC claimed capability of up to 28GB. An 8400 configured the way they had it was probably a half a million dollars, not including the disks of course. You can see how far behind Intel hardware was at the time - the quad-CPU Pentium Pro boxes only had 256MB of memory! Sure, that was only a $40k box from Compaq... Fun fact: At the time, Quake engine licensees were buying 4-way Alpha and Intel servers to do the level processing for first person shooters. For servers, you might as well just call a rep because the price they are going to give is going to be 20-40% below the price on Dell's website. You don't really have much of a choice, assuming you're a business. Dell, HP, maybe Lenovo. Lenovo and HP's business websites were a disaster for the longest time, they basically forced you to go through a VAR, and Dell had such a huge price advantage that it didn't make sense to go with anyone else. I think the decision between Dell/HP/Lenovo is all politics. Everywhere I've been except for my current position has been a Dell shop, mostly because of low pricing, fast service, reliable products, ease of ordering. But the current place is all HP. They've been running on HP since the 80's, the core of the business still runs on an Itanium. I was literally laughed at for suggesting Dell servers or Lenovo laptops. The IT VP seems to think Dell is a joke and Lenovo is 'low quality, Chinese'. The only advantage of going with HP in my mind, is the fact that there are two fortune 500 companies in town who run all HP. That results in them having techs in the area all the time and a decent inventory of warranty parts nearby. >> I’ve gone from a 42” waist to a 36”. I’m now buying t-shirts in a medium or maybe a large rather than an XL or XXL. Clothing is not sized that way in the USA. 36" waist fitting into a medium? Doesn't this basically make it impossible to trust any hosting company that provides the equipment for you? The NSA could have every server at Rackspace backdoored. It'd be interesting to see how many miles of roads would need paved, power and water lines run, and houses would need built if you took everyone from Manilla and spread them across Wyoming. He lives in Texas and works for CompuWare now. For the true Detroit experience, stay the weekend at the Motorcity Hotel and Casino. It's just a few blocks outside of what is considered 'downtown' Detroit. It's not an overly fancy or even large hotel but it has the weirdest vibe to it, it's as if you're in this dystopian movie about the future where there's a 1:1000 difference between the haves, and the have nots. Inside the hotel there's food, booze, gambling, and bright lights. As you leave the hotel you see security forces (hotel security as well as a fairly large presence by the Detroit PD). But once you're outside, that's it. Barren wastelands. Empty city blocks, fields of grass and weathered concrete, and the ruins of entire neighborhoods. Exactly what you see when you Google 'Detroit slums'. In the daytime you'll see people walking around like zombies, carrying grocery bags, walking between stores (despite what you read on the internet, there are grocery stores in Detroit). You'll see them talking to each other on the corner, sitting under trees, or hunched over on a curb. They have nothing. They do nothing. There is nothing for any of these people to do. There's nowhere for them to work. There's nothing even for them to have. Everything is gone or destroyed. At night time you won't see anything. Almost all of the streetlights in the city have been turned off, because Detroit can't pay the bill! The city is pitch black at night. You can drive around with the highbeams on. You can't see the roads, you have to make sure you don't run over anyone who's in the street, it's incredibly unsafe but it's just so dark it's unbelievable. And then in the midst of the darkness you see the multi-colored lights of the hotel, and you know you're back to your version of Detroit. The police let you back in, you park your vehicle in the guarded garage, and you walk back to your room to eat $4 bags of M&M's and $5 bottles of water. And once you think about how fucked up that is, you almost lose your appetite. >> for new comers it's frustrating experience to have your questions closed because existing members like to taunt newbies. Isn't that the entire internet? >> I never contributed which is really a miss on my part I love StackOverflow. However, I think the worst part of Stack Overflow is how hard it is to contribute as a new member. You need to build up reputation points and they can be very hard to get. Questions get 'sniped', answers get deleted or buried, and very often when you help another new user out, they never return to the site to accept your answer. It's very frustrating to take the time to answer a question and not receive any feedback. Newbies were traditionally ignored or flamed on USENET, and fucked with to the highest level on IRC. "Asks dumb question" Winnuked. Get the app! I was being sarcastic and pointing out how silly it is to make an app to just show a single slide deck. Why do you think that? Would you find it amazing that a group of volunteers could do a better job of developing than huge companies like Microsoft or Hewlett-Packard? Are you in an environment where you're often working together and collaborating on shit? Open plans are great. Do you need quiet time where you're thinking for 5 hours a day and coding for 1? You need your own office. Graphic designers, phone support, this kind of stuff seems to work great in an open office. Crazy team trying to crank out something fast? Also works great. But they just add to burnout and aren't a good fit for writers or programmers. If this is the case, give everyone a small, modest office with drywall and a drop ceiling, and then have LOTS of common areas or meeting rooms so people can get together to chat or bang stuff out. What are the long-term effects of wearing headphones 8-10 hours a day, even at moderate volume levels? I try to wear them as little as possible, as if all the years of motorcycles and loud bands in small bars isn't going to make me deaf on their own. I find it odd that on this site so much discussion goes on about: * Helping the homeless * Getting women into tech * The cost of higher education in the USA * Giving the poor an equal playing field And yet, this article doesn't get even a single comment in over 2 hours. Don't forget that in poor areas, there aren't many banks. When you're in the suburbs there's a bank on every corner. Even trying to find an ATM in the part of town I work in can be a challenge. They recently built one and it has so many lights an mirrors around it, it seems a bit silly. I'm not sure what the banks use to determine whether they open/close a certain branch. Everyone jokes that 'The First National on MLK Boulevard got robbed twice a month so they shut it down', but I'm sure there's some real process with population density and more importantly, income density. When you cash your check at a liquor store, two things happen - you end up buying things like food for your family (as well as beer + cigarettes + lotto) and they take a % cut. The bank doesn't have anything for you to buy and they don't take a cut. This also means the poor can't pay their bills online. Again, in the bad side of town on Fridays and on the 1st and 14th of the month, there are massive lines outside the power company, city water department, and cable company. Everyone's standing there waiting to pay their bill in cash. While the rest of us pay everything from our smartphone or have it directly taken out of our accounts, they're spending two hours in line during the day. Jeff Atwood talks about moving from .NET to Ruby for Discourse in 'Why Ruby?' http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2013/03/why-ruby.html Boiled down to the licensing of the requirements to run the stack, and the whole open-sourceness of it all. I've never seen the attracting of having a fat mail client chug through 20GB of email. It's not a trivial task to jump email providers. You're stuck with what you've had for the last 7 years for many reasons. I was wondering why my emails on my phone weren't going through of a server I took pictures of this morning, and then I was getting 'rejected by server' emails after that. Here I was blaming iOS 7. Part of the reason Doom95 wasn't very popular was that came along so late. It didn't come out until 1996, which was 3 years after Doom originally came out for DOS and the same time Quake arrived. I didn't have a Doom-capable computer until 1995, and it was hard to find people to play Doom/Heretic/Descent since everyone had moved on to Duke 3D and some game called Warcraft... It was nice to not have to play Doom in DOS anymore, though. Microsoft was throwing a ton of effort into getting developers to move to Windows. It took a while but they got here. They had 'bad' demos like Hover! but there were some pretty nice games like Pitfall: The Mayan Adventure, Earthworm Jim, and Fury^3. Once it got OpenGL and Direct3D, Win32 ruled the gaming world. It already had 32-bitness, virtual memory, TCP/IP... Apple dinked around with things like QuickDraw3D and GameSprockets but they just couldn't get it together for some reason. Probably not - you can stick quite a few virtual servers on a $6,000 phyiscal server and not have to worry about costs for usage, or noisy neighbors. I always put new fixed-width fonts in iTerm to see how it looks. I cranked the vertical and horizontal spacing down, and it looks like I could have went another notch on the vertical. Fira is on the right. It doesn't look bad, but it's a little cramped and thin for what I like. http://imgur.com/GOi50xC It's the serifs on the lowercase letters. After 17 years of contacts, I had wavefront LASIK. My contact prescription was -9.00, so my choices were very thick and expensive glasses or contact lenses. Beware the advertised pricing. $2000 LASIK means 'per eye', and you have to add another $1000 for wavefront and another $1000 for laser-cut flaps instead of blade-cut. It ended up being $6,000 which wasn't said until the day of the procedure. I was told that they didn't expect to give me 20/20 vision, I ended up around 20/40, good enough to legally drive without glasses but I squint a bit. I still have a slight astigmatism in one eye, and that throws me off quite a bit. The first 6 months during healing were bad - lots of halos, sensitive to light, very poor night vision, especially when driving. But 18 months later Id on't have those problems anymore. I did lose my very close (~6 inches) vision which was very sharp before. My biggest complaint is dry eyes. I'm not using eyedrops 4-6 times per day, it doesn't help to be in front of a computer screen as much as I am, and it's worst in the mornings and night. I'd wear daily disposables for a week or two - if they fell out I'd just throw a new one in. It's built into my TV (along with Netflix, Hulu, etc) already. I have a theory that cocaine, and later crack cocaine, were really the downfall of the United States from the late 70's to late 80's. It wasn't Reagonmics, it wasn't the Japanese. All the white collar (and a lot of the blue collar) guys were all doing powder cocaine, and all of the rest of the blue collar workers and the unemployed were all doing crack. Crime got worse, business got worse... >> Perhaps the driver already did everything Qualcomm needed it to do Wouldn't Qualcomm spec something out and have a contractor do it, and once the requirements are met that's it? No fine-tuning or extra work involved. Number is pretty irrelevant if you're not relating it to expenses. Living with 4 roommates or something for $200 a month is going to take a lot less cushion than if you have a family of 3 and a mortgage. Remember that PC keyboards were modeled after these things called 'typewriters' and typewriters often had a caps lock or shift lock key, so it made it onto a computer keyboard. Things like copy/paste or cycling through currently running applications had to be keystroke combinations since typewriters had no idea of clipboards or running applications. For some reason, cartain PC clones didn't let you do CTRL-ALT-DEL with the right-side ctrl and alt keys. I can remember the early models of eMachines not allowing it, not sure if it was the keyboard itself, the BIOS, or what. The PC keyboard wasn't the only keyboard. Apple computers didn't have F-keys, AS/400 keyboards had 20+ F-keys and another cluster of specific keys to the left of where the Tab/Caps/Shift keys are today. >> Big open floor plan with conference rooms (although not enough) My last boss drew the office up with ONE conference room. Big mistake. You need at least 3 for the size of our office. One for actual conferences and a phone call room and a 'war room'. The lunchroom was sized too big, and was only used for lunch from 11:30 to 1:00, so it became the second conference room or place to take a phone call. What stinks about switching jobs is most places don't do a 401k for your first 3-6 months. Does anyone really go by the star ratings on Yelp? I read the reviews but I don't pay any attention to the overall ratings. One of my favorite places to go is a 2-star, and our local Outback is rated a 5. Plus with the fact that there's no standard, some people rate everything a 4 or 5 star while others reserve a 5 star for the best places in the area (or even the genre) to eat. Before Java gets all the credit, what are they using to store and publish all those tweets? The glass of milk goes with the bacon and eggs - but fruit really wasn't something most Americans had in the 1800's. Access to a cow, pig, and chicken were common though. What's the reason beef became so popular over lamb/goat/deer? Americans seem to stick to beef/chicken/pork when it comes to meats. >> I'm not sure why this would be hard to believe at all. It's very hard to believe - bacon, cured in salt was a preserved food and you will find references to it in almost any account of American history. The early settlers in the 1500's brought pigs to America and it's been an American staple ever since. As does HP and Dell >> A Bacon, egg, and cheese McMuffin has ~300 calories And aside from the sodium and cholesterol that might be a reasonable breakfast. It's no bowl of oatmeal or banana, but it's not going to make you fat. On the other hand, a sausage+egg+cheese McGriddle is going to be 500 calories, two hashbrowns is another 300, and an orange juice is going to be another 200. You've hit 1,000 calories, half your allotment for the day, and it's not even 7:30 in the morning. >> Nobody would add 11 strips of bacon to their sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich There are restaurants in the USA that proudly serve a full pound of bacon in a BLT. http://www.supersizedmeals.com/food/article.php/20090129-1lb... I almost quit my last job because of culture fit. The other programmers were almost impossible to work with. Being new to all their products, business model, and source code, there are a lot of questions to be asked when things aren't document and done in very strange ways. The office had all the stereotypical 'bad' co-workers: the guy who turns every discussion into an hour-long argument, the guy who's never in the office, the guy who doesn't check or reply to emails, all backed by the boss who doesn't make anyone accountable. I got along with the rest of the staff great. Graphics, sales, customer service... But the developers were just un-socialble, bad at communicating, and full of bad habits. I felt so frustrated, there were a few times I almost walked out the door. It'd take me 2 days of chasing something around a product (that could have been answered by myself, a year later) to find a fix or answer a 'why?' But I stuck it out. When we hired our next developer, I was put in charge of getting him up to speed. The boss was impressed with how much information I had prepared from him and that he knew I started with 'nothing'. It may have backfired because he never really go to the point where he didn't need handholding, but at least he didn't feel as frustrated as I did for the first 6 months. I was wondering what a 'degree in computer networking' consisted off. Entry level Cisco and Microsoft certs and then sending you on your way? Would this work as a tool for indie game designers instead of Flash? Is there a big AT&T datacenter there or something? I've shown up as coming out of there on so many Geo-IP sites over the years, DSL, cellular, T1's... He's obviously not a curl or php expert. Where else should one go for help? It's not fair to compare scheduled downtime with being down for a few random hours because of an attack (or any other reason) For what? All the members of our team have a Rackspace login. We can all make tickets, reboot servers, etc. If it's like the MacBook Air 11/13 models, the keyboards would be basically identical in size. The 11" form factor is just another level of portability. What are the odds of programs like SublimeText being able to run on ARM in the near future? I'm sure Eclipse would be far too heavy. Most of the 'Chromebook as a developer laptop' make it into a fancy SSH terminal - which is fine. But I don't really see a 'terminal' as a 'developer laptop'. I understand you can still access the internals of Linux along with the shell and other languages, but it doesn't work for a lot of people when you can't use the same apps/devices as you can on a your 'normal' machine. A $999 XPS 13 or MacBook Air looks pretty inviting, even at 3X the price of a $299 Chromebook when you realize how much productivity gain there is when you don't have to dink around with the OS and aren't limited in your app selection. What percentage of subscribers to mobile internet in the USA use pre-paid services compared to contract? And what about the other countries where it's cheaper? Most pre-paid providers in the US go through a MVNO (basically a reseller) affiliated with Sprint. Therefore performance in most cases is terrible. I can burn up a Verizon or AT&T-based mobile phone hotspot pretty quickly thanks to the high speed an low data cap (3-5GB). There's wifi everywhere, or I think there'd be a bigger push for this. I might only use 300mb of cellular data a month as long as I don't stream or do something like an OS update on mobile. For all the hype it gets about being an ideal 'developer' machine, the screen resolution makes me laugh the most. $82 probably buys you ONE hour of police officer time, but three hours of private security officer time. No unions, no pensions, no politics, blah blah. I live in a fairly rural area of Michigan and there are a few guys who I see biking 30-40 miles a day picking up cans, 12 months out of the year. In SF you could make a ton more money just sitting on a corner with a sign asking for money. Especially if you get a spot near a MUNI/BART stop. You're assuming someone has micro-USB devices and a charger already. If you have an iPhone/iPad you might not. If Apple ever comes out with a MacBook Air powered by ARM they better use the Lightning connector. Best Buy also has the XPS 13 From this Woz quote it was pretty common: "I wrote all my code on paper in hexadecimal. I couldn't afford an assembler to translate my programs into hexadecimal bytes, I did it myself. Even my BASIC interpreter is all hand written. I'd type 4K into the Apple I and ][ in about an hour. I, and many others too I think, could sit down and start typing hexadecimal in for a SMALL program to solve something that occured or something that somebody else wanted. I'd do this all the time for demos. I certainly don't remember which hexadecimal codes are which 6502 instructions any longer, but it was a part of life back then." Except that they wouldn't - software incompatibility, browser incompatibility... It's similar to getting grandma to run Linux. I'd guess because of memory limitations. Some more info on those days: http://www.landsnail.com/apple/local/applewoz.htm http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/JohnSzczepaniak/20130507/1918... Have you thought about adding an SSD? Someone decided to name ours based on specs. DUAL2800, DUAL3000... Looking back at the article: 'Train your CEO' Yea, that Ballmer guy worked out really well. Do as HP does in regards to profits? Months after this article was written, Carly Fiorina took the reigns of HP. Oof. I'd imagine poor people had basically 0 access to computers in the 1970's. I won't ever understand some trendy foods. This stuff costs 10 times a much as rice and is a bit more annoying to prepare. Then you have to adapt your recipes and such. After a while I told my girlfriend I'm just going to make rice because quinoa is just silly, so she decided to make it herself. She's not a very experienced cook, but she tries, and as she tried rinsing it half of the stuff went down the sync, she yelled out in frustration... But she continues to cook and eat it to this day for it's 'amazing health benefits'. There was another quinoa-related article discussed here that talks about that: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6028905 I love peas and dal (as well as beans). Them being very cheap makes that even better. How much does it differ from millet? It has similarity in appearance, and I jokingly call quinoa 'expensive birdseed'. Of course the easy thing to do is mix with vegetables and broth, and it's fine for that-but the nutritional advantages don't really do it for me, especially to offset the cost and weirdness factor. I don't mind it as an addition to salads or other uses but again there's nothing really drawing me to it over the alternatives. There's an argument to be made that there will be more innovation and creation of these drugs if there are fortunes to be made. Conversely, I enjoy learning to do things, and after that magic has worn off I get bored. Written enough code to put a 3D texture mapped model on the screen? That's enough for me. Finally made a perfect batch of eclairs? I won't make any more. I don't understand how people would stay at a low-paying or (what I see as) non-fulfulling job for very long. Don't these people want to grow? Aren't the curious as to what else is out there? Forget the chances for more pay, benefits, etc. >> If we want to actually make the city affordable for most people—a place where a young person or an immigrant can move to pursue their dreams, >> a place a parent can raise kids and not have to spend every minute at work—we have to fix the supply problem. Why? Why can't it stay the playground of the rich and people who are trying to pursue their dreams can live in >> Subsidizing affordable homes for 10,000 families comes at a price of tag of $2.5 billion. >> So yes, we should build as much subsidized affordable housing as we can. No. While I am for subsidized housing, I don't feel it should be done in extremely rich areas just for the heck of it. I'm not saying to start housing projects where nobody wants to live, but there's no sense in burning money to build them where costs are extraordinary. I don't know where you're coming from but you're missing the point. Why stay at SuperBurger forever when MegaBurger opens up or you could even move up to making burgers at the fancy sit-down place down the road? You're not affecting father-daughter time since you're not at home working on burgers with all your free time or going to burger conferences instead of having daddy-daughter time. I'd check the TLD as well. Going through the error logs on our mail server, there are a lot of people out there that get their email address wrong even if you have them type it last. .cmo instead of .com, transposing letters in their name, spelling their company name wrong...