Thanks for your comment. Nr.2 is possible, thus the reason I decided to detach and try to analyze the situation more objectively, and I think in my case the truth is somewhere in the middle. Thanks @maxklein, this is really insightful. You are absolutely right, complaining doesn't change things. My priority in life is actually money (not wealth), since then I can earn freedoms I would otherwise not have, like working on what I like. And right now I don't earn much, but some of the people I work with have been great, so detachment is really hard to achieve. I'm thinking, as other people said, to work on a startup, but until then your advice is great: I should work on improving the team's morale. That would help everybody, including me. Thanks @SwellJoe, This is the kind of advice I searched for. I actually feel like a jackass, but I don't have experience which such conflicts and I let things get out of control. I actually was under the impression that I could change things just by pointing out the flaws. I was wrong of course. Unfortunately I am the type of developer that's interested in multiple topics, ranging from algorithms (parsers, data-mining, inductive reasoning), to usability. And it sucks because I have opinions about everything. Thanks, I would miss Mono. Yeah, but Youtube got acquired, and it really hasn't had a business model. I think this getting big fast is really useful when you want to get bought. From my pov those are anomalies, rather than the norm. For every Google, Youtube and Facebook, there are thousands of startups with similar strategies that fail. I think it is safer to go the long route and start small, working your way to the top, charging a price right from the beginning. If your application is useful, users will pay for it. When you're introducing revenue later, you have to provide extra value. This means more features and so you're endangering your core values. When you're starting to charge for existing features, by limiting the free accounts, you will surely upset your existing users. Google tried to introduce advertising in YouTube videos, and the community was not happy about it ... and imagine a site like YouTube placing a limit on how many videos you can watch. No matter how hooked your users are, you still can lose them, not to mention that popular services like YouTube got cloned and there is competition waiting for those users. People have been charging money or other goods in exchange for products/services since forever. I don't really understand this trend of releasing products for free. The only viable exit strategy is for your company to be acquired by a big player, but if you want your business model to be sustainable you should question this trend. When you're running Linux as your desktop, it's impossible to not hear about them. Their product is based on Wine, which is a pretty decent emulation of the Windows APIs, but it is a bitch to setup properly, so you start looking around for more professional solutions. CodeWeavers, besides their own contributions to Wine, have the advantage that they test their setup against popular software. I don't think he was looking for an original idea. Ideas are overrated and cheap anyway. QA is really useful, but there's a big downside to it. When you have people who's job is to test code, developers get lazy and sloppy. Also, bugs do appear in production if you can release code the same day you wrote it, but you can fix it as soon as you find out about it. In big companies that work with milestones (sprints in agile speak), only really critical bugs can be fixed between releases. Not to mention that most bugs are fixed after code-freeze, when all the deliverables of that milestone are ready, long after you find out about it. So I guess it's best to have QA, but also the freedom to deploy code on production whenever you want. Not to mention that politicians and the American people sent those soldiers in Irak ;) The commercial licensing still has value, because LGPL has the same restrictions as GPL, minus the clause that states that you can't combine GPL with licenses that have more restrictions that it. For example, it must be possible for customers to link your application to newer versions of the LGPL licensed library. And any modifications you make to the library itself must be also licensed under LGPL or compatible. Actually, Linux won over BSD because BSD's legal status was in question when AT&T sued BSDi. Also, Linux was appealing for hackers, as even today, it's harder to contribute to BSD, having a more centralized development methodology than Linux. http://www.mindfulnesscds.com/author.html Because "computers are useless. They can only give you answers" ;) > Templating tends to break down because it forces you to treat code and markup as two different and fundamentally incompatible things. Well of course code and markup are two different things, but incompatible? Not really. We use HTML templates simply to let the designers play with the templates without our interference. It also makes changes easier to integrate. Otherwise we could use a DSL and transform the syntax tree in valid xhtml (which many people are already doing). > Rather than poking holes in HTML to insert code, we should simply treat HTML as code. Actually that means poking holes in your code to insert HTML. And it's worse IMO. While I like some of the articles Jeff has published on his blog, but I've long since deleted the blog's feed from my list because the signal to noise ration is really awful. I like Coke more because Pepsi is too sweet for me. Actually that's not true. Functions in Ruby aren't first class citizens, and for a given function you can't request / modify it's syntax tree. Otherwise, I consider the blur between code and data a good thing to have. The second property you mention has a good name: polymorphism Well, Lisp. And even in C# 3.0, when passing lambda expressions you can request a syntax tree instead of a method reference. I don't think so. As much as free-software advocates like to pat themselves on the back, there are many projects out there that succeeded gaining popularity without a restrictive license like the GPL, and I also think that the GPL is so popular purely by fashion and because its restrictions are irrelevant for web-based applications. A project's success can only be attributed to the people working on it, and to sheer luck. Of course, it is kind of an incentive for companies to contribute back and for the community to have some legal protection, that's why I understand the need for LGPL or MPL. But GPL itself should not be considered open-source ... all the software you or I wrote is and will always be a derivate of public domain, and the usage of a library should not dictate the distribution rights of the final product, but only the distribution rights of the library in question. It's kind of ironic that proprietary platforms like dotNET are more open in this regard. Also, I don't think Apple did more harm to open-source than Red Hat did. At least they don't pretend to be some kind of saviors of humanity. The problem with Red Hat is that they sell a brand, not a product, and while many Red Hat employees are allowed to work on open-source stuff, there's no competition, no room for second place, no market. Unless you have a community of enthusiasts, like Debian of course, which is also technically superior in some ways, but those people don't see any direct earnings for their contribution. I know the term has rules for being used, but those rules are too permissive if GPL is accepted (not to mention GPL 3 which now includes hardware restrictions). If I want to run away with a library and do my own thing, I don't see a problem with that if I'm giving back the changes to the library itself. Otherwise it cannot be viewed as a public good, as some might suggest. You can't compare a public good, such as a road to GPL software, because you aren't required to transport your merchandise for free on that road ... I know, stupid analogy, but you get my point. Proprietary software shouldn't be considered a virus that we should get rid of, that's not an open mindset in my book. Look, I'm not questioning their contributions, just the current state of affairs. If Red Hat vanished tomorrow, Linux would still be developed and maintained, even though it would suffer a setback. That's because there are many other companies and communities that help with that. The problem is that only Red Hat earns serious money directly from selling Linux licenses, although it relies on contributions of many other companies and individuals to do so. The other companies only earn money from complementary products and consulting services ... services which don't scale unless you're a superstar developer charging $500 / hour or you have lots of resources to hire lots of people to answer support calls. Although they shouldn't care since they are a company, and I do appreciate their contributions, the culprit is from my pov the GPL license ... and the perfect open-source license is LGPL-like ... that's all I tried to say. The web has always been 2.0 ... this potential of the Internet could've been seen since the early days of Usenet. The problem with websites was that companies couldn't wrap their head around the many-to-many communication and collaboration systems we see in use today ... and when O'Reilly coined the term suddenly people became aware like flies spotting honey :) > Examples include using recorded music as an advertisement for big, expensive concerts and begging people to donate after they already have your music for free. What? But this is exactly how musicians earned their living since the forever. > Downloaders sometimes say it is because "music isn't as good as it used to be". That's not true. Many people simply claim that the good stuff isn't being promoted as it should. Instead what you'll see all day on MTV are boy bands. I do pay for the music I like. Not because I want to reward the artists, but because it's a lot of fun going to the mall, looking at entire shelfs of CDs, meet girls, stuff like that. And when I'm going to a concert I feel the need to re-listen to the songs I just heard. Unix is much more than an operating system. It's also a time-tested philosophy of building software. See here: http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/taoup/html/ch01s06.html This is true for now. But software sells, and the big software companies (Microsoft, Intel, IBM, Oracle, Google, etc ...) practically have unlimited financial power. I do understand why most computers come with a Windows-tax, but it's not because of technical superiority. The only thing that's stopping them is the fast progress of technology, and the inability to scale your production by hiring all the programmers you can get your hands on ... thank God it's still an industry that requires talent, making it very hard to beat a handful of talented engineers with 100 day-workers. But I wouldn't bet against such groups in the future. DRM is failing because it's a poor technological solution applied to a social problem, but I'm waiting for the day when the Internet will be regulated ... it's already happening. As a kid I never understood why some of the kinds made it a hobby to trash the sandcastles built by the others. It was an interesting phenomenon to watch :) Maybe they thought that if they wanted to, they can do better, but they never did. It would be really hard ... because it involves studying your intentions rather than your moves. In chess this is doable (the intent is clearer after the fact, and the possible moves are more limited), but think about CStrike for example ... how is your algorithm going to realize that you're protecting a gate because you don't want your opponents to sneak behind your teammates? Even simple questions become hard ... say you're attacking X1 just as a distraction, while your teammates are attacking X2 ... a team uses slight variations of some tactic, it's mostly never the same (different men in charge, different hotspots, switching between X1 and X2, etc ...). Gathering useful statistics about it requires lots of played games and lots of resources, and I don't think it's doable on your average gamer's hardware. I know, stupid example :) but you get the point. > Stability and Scalability are properties of architectures But the architecture starts at the virtual machine level. Without a decent VM you'll have to put more effort into building a scalable architecture. True story: the team working on Photoshop Express tried Rails for displaying a 404 Not Found page (containing some dynamic content). Because the interface was already in tests by a lot of people, they couldn't even display a static rhtml template ... Mongrel was segfaulting because of the high loads. Now, this may be an incident that got fixed since then (last Summer), I wouldn't know since I'm not working with Rails ... but it surely sends shivers down my spine. But then you'd have all these tech articles and blog/forum posts bitching about how Mac OS X sucks because it doesn't support hardware X ... just like you have with Linux. It's a known fact that people don't look at the hardware compatibility list before buying a X86 machine, not even the more technically inclined ones (I know I don't ... and I'm running Linux ... although I should know better ... somehow I hope that whatever problem I have, it would get solved shortly). And there's always the issue of having partnerships with the hardware companies to write those drivers for them, because they cannot do it on their own (lack of specifications, resources available). Microsoft couldn't pull it for Vista ... the drivers demanded from hardware manufactures were lately delivered and improperly tested. JRuby is in good shape, you can deploy Rails on it. And besides, there are many people with investments in Java already. I think this is a pretty good choice. Now, if they also added Mono (.NET) that would be great. | I have seen worse pictures on the side of a bus shelter So? That makes it any less wrong? | Society suffers when everyone has to tiptoe around some deranged minority's wacky list of things to be outraged about Do you have evidence about this? I think that's quite the contrary. Surely free speech is important, having personally experienced the aftermath of a communist regime, and not being allowed calling a turd for what it is surely sucks. But this is a different story. And I think that deranged minority you're speaking of are the women. | I could not care less if a small number of easily-offended prudes are scared away by a mild show of skin. What ever happened to manners? Personally I don't care about looking professional. I don't like the term, because "professional" means working for money, and I happen to enjoy what I do. But this isn't about being professional or not. This is about respecting other people. It's about showing courtesy to others, such that the others can do the same for you. I don't know in what society you live in, but I'm fed up with the racist, antisemitic and generally foul language in the one I live in. Maybe you've been spoiled? ;) Vim, Emacs and Textmate aren't IDEs per se. They are general purpose text editors optimized for editing texts (although one could argue Emacs is an OS :)) The nature of Python is such that it's not possible to determine precisely all members of an object at compile time. I've used PyDev and I discovered that auto-completion in Python actually annoys me because it doesn't work all the time. For example, in Python you can add a method with a simple x.__dict__['method'] = some_method, not to mention magic methods like __getattr__. The trouble is many Python modules add members to classes through various meta-programming techniques. When using PyDev searching for a member name, instead of using the API's documentation, you can find yourself assuming that the member you're looking for does not exist, leading you in a wrong direction, and thus waisting more time. If the behavior of intellisense is unpredictable, it kind of stands in your way more than it helps. And without intellisense, it makes no sense to use a bloated IDE for Python (or dynamic languages in general). Dynamic languages have simple APIs anyway that can be learned easily. I have a shortcut defined for the "dir" and "help" commands in Python, and for "perldoc" in Perl, executed on the token under the cursor, and with the help of flymake-mode, it's more than enough. And in many instances it's even more productive ... if I don't remember the usage of DateTime::Format::Strptime in Perl I just look at the CPAN docs with perldoc, copy/pasting the example given. " I don't agree. I've met plenty of people, especially in tech, who won't spend time broadening their horizon " But 'learning things before you need them' is a different thing. It should be something like "always keep learning towards your goals". And that's what people do. Unfortunately different people have different goals and motivators. That's why many will stay away from books and from exciting new stuff, as long as they still get to keep their job. Since you talked about Scala, when I worked on my last Java project for a former employer (a period that lasted like a year) the architecture and the tools (imposed to us by upper management) were so bad, that I was desperate to find new things to alleviate the pain (that's when I read Code Generation in Action). When I got into a data-mining project I read something like 4 books in the research phase. Nobody likes learning for the purpose of learning. It's a painful process if the learned skills aren't applied (not to mention that memory tends to garbage collect useless information). I doubt it. Our brains aren't designed that way (I even saw studies about it, but right now I can't search for any, 'working). There are always other motives for doing it. For example I'm learning new things out of belief that doing it will improve my life in some way. I liked computer science because of the thrills of building things, and I keep on learning to break my own limits, always wanting to build better applications / algorithms. Seeing the results of my work makes me really happy (that's not too uncommon among us developers I believe). I also liked math in college because I've always enjoyed solving puzzles, and for the satisfactions of doing it before the others did. I'm also not using Microsoft's stack, the Unix world having grown on me, but I think you're mistaken. Their flagship product, Windows, has some poor design decisions in it, decisions that were dictated mostly by their customers ... you can read "The Old New Thing: Practical Development Throughout the Evolution of Windows" by Raymond Chen for some insights on this. But otherwise the Windows programming model is pretty solid and consistent (usually). Parrot 1.0 was released. This means the API is more stable, and this was the main problem of Rakudo (the Perl 6 compiler for Parrot). The jokes about Perl 6 are kind of lame. It's an open-source project and you can check its progress (instead of reading reddit :)) ... regular releases are made, and it does have a comprehensive tests suite. The latest version released in April is passing 10467 spectests (65% of the tests suite), with an increase of 3194 since March. I know that it's fun joking about such projects, but Perl 6/Parrot are very ambitions, and even if they could use some help, progress is being made. I wouldn't be surprised if the "Christmas release" is this year. I don't use .NET myself, but what I like about it is the availability of multiple languages for the CLR. I find very alluring the possibility of mixing and matching languages according to the task at hand without having to deal with IPC. I could really find usages for actor-based concurrency, but using Erlang seems to me like throwing the baby out with the bathwater. "That means that you might just as well take LLVM out of the picture, and compare Java vs. C++." Not really, if you can dynamically load libraries at runtime, then you can separate the platform-dependent code from the main codebase, making it possible to target multiple targets without recompilation. "The only thing you then have to care about is memory utilization" I don't know much about the JVM internals, but isn't JIT'ing a more expensive process (as in CPU + memory) for the JVM? If you keep the CPU load maximized for both, won't more of those resources be used by the JVM's JIT'ing and GC'ing? Yes. That's true. Axum is different because it is designed for a specific domain by the same people that are designing .NET. This means changes to the CLR may be pushed forward to accommodate features in Axum. I don't know if the tail call instruction in the CLR was added because of F#, or because of the research they did while trying to compile Haskell on top of .NET, but it's there. The problem with the JVM is that there isn't a centralized effort for those multiple languages. You can slap any interpreter on top of any other interpreter and then say that "multiple languages are available", but that won't make it useful. Although new features are pushed in the OpenJDK to make dynamic invocation of methods lighter, more infrastructure is needed ... like a common MOP used for communication between these languages (like the DLR). There's a strong lack of leadership between the language implementors working with the JVM, because SUN couldn't care less about it and everybody is scared of new features in Java-land. System libraries are accessible, but bindings are still hard to write and maintain. Even when it comes to open-source communities that offer help for writing such bindings, the effort is still big ... try writing a GTK+ application in Haskell or CLisp ... yes, bindings for those two exist, but you're in for some pain. Another reason is documentation. You'll have an easier time finding documentation/examples for the main language of the OS. Another reason: having dependencies that aren't available on the target OS does impose additional development costs (if you don't want to give the user the burden of installing those dependencies). And if the distribution is over the Internet, it also means a bigger download size and extra harddisk space. These things may or may not matter, but imagine a simple feedreader that requires a 30MB download and 200MB of free disk space. The main language of the OS doesn't necessarily have to be C/C++. It's the language that's best supported and encouraged by the company/community that maintains the OS (although it's currently not possible to write system drivers in C# on Windows, work is being done to lift some device drivers in user mode, which would make a good fit for .NET) While working for my last employer, a big software company, I had lots of free time ... milestones lasted a month, and the work we did in a milestone could have been made in 3 days of hard work by talented engineers with no endless meetings, and no internal systems to integrate to. And we used the worst tools ever. Having free time was great, but in my contract was specified that everything I worked on in my free time belonged to the company. Now I'm working at a small consultancy company that's run by an old friend of mine. It's not bad, but we offer consultancy services and that means ... - at least 3 projects I have to work on simultaneously - the projects have to be finished as soon as possible, such that we can collect the money :) This means we can't give too much love to those projects (although I'm learning a lot about meeting customer expectations and cutting features that aren't essential ... which is great) When I joined I thought it would be great since I will have enough time to work on my own projects, and no contract to stop me from doing it. That's not the case :( At home, when I feel like working on something, I end up working on tasks that are late at work. > relying on applications that you can't modify Personally I don't worry about that. What I worry about is the safety of my data. When the day comes when I can't use a desktop client to download email from GMail, or when I won't be able to open a .doc file without M. Office, then I'll be worried. > If it's not, everyone is at the mercy of one company. I don't know about that. I've heard it from Stallman's talks but it's too dramatic for my taste. What people should be worrying about is open specs to protocols and file formats. The best example of a software monopoly is Windows, and if Windows was the only operating system available, then we'd surely be at the mercy of one company. But that's not the case and while some people can point to the GPL as the catalyst, that's not necessarily the case. It might be the technology's fast pace or the academia which has always favored collaboration, not to mention that the open source model of development is in many ways just better. I don't think software is the domain in which monopolies can be established indefinitely. From time to time I have to explain to colleagues why I prefer a minimalistic approach to programming. One analogy to cars :) ... for normal people, having automatic transmission is great ... you can drive the vehicle with only one hand, and it allows you to concentrate more on the actual driving. But race cars still have manual or semi-automatic transmissions. Thus race drivers are empowered to do neat tricks while driving ... like not changing gears while passing another car to not lose acceleration. A manual transmission is also great for off road driving. And great drivers are also good mechanics ... cars break during races, and without knowing your car, you probably won't finish. Of course, not all of us are meant to be race drivers. But if you want to be the best you can be, taking the ease route is not the way to go. That's called "sarcasm" ;) > you have so many high-level considerations that also thinking about the low-level implications would simply be too much You still have to have a high-level perspective on how things are working, because abstractions are often leaky. For example, I don't care much about tasks related to systems administration, allowing me to concentrate on what matters to me ... for instance I don't care about the difference between Postfix and Sendmail, or the difference between Apache and Lighttpd ... I just use the one I know until I have a problem with it, but when I do have a problem I have to find ways to solve it. And some knowledge on how the protocols and processes work really help. Worse than that, these people are pushing DRM and probably lobbied for DMCA. Maybe those applications failed because the idea behind them was not that useful / interesting? Marketing is important, but a kick-ass implementation of a good idea usually sells itself without much effort. Google's Android looks more attractive every day. Although I do understand that Apple has to keep some level of quality in their store (they're not doing a good job imho), clearly they haven't learned anything from their own history ... a platform friendly to hackers wins in the long run. No, the anonymous functions do capture the current context. See here: http://cobra-language.com/trac/cobra/browser/cobra/trunk/Tes... Search for the test that increments the "count" variable. I don't really like the syntax for these anonymous methods. Boo is more readable in this regard: http://boo.codehaus.org/Closures One of the reasons Windows won was by being open to developers. It was pretty common back in the days for OS vendors to put a price on the SDK. And Linux was just starting. Linux is friendly on the server side, but on the client side there are many things lacking. > Therefore, we should grab any opportunity to show them that they are wrong. Why? Do you think you can change someone's faith through science? Good luck with that. Personally I don't understand the conflict ... how is evolution a threat to God's existence? I mean, there's no mention in the bible that He created the world in seven earth days, or how He did it. CPAN: http://search.cpan.org/~birney/bioperl-1.2.3/ CPAN rocks :) Maybe that's because Ruby 1.9 isn't being used in production yet. I tried using it but many gems are still incompatible with it. > Once you lower the the db io issues ... It is highly unlikely that happens. Once you lower your DB issues, if the application is responsive enough you start working on other features. By the time you're done the application got new users and the DB is a problem again ... it's a cycle :) Fortunately HTTP servers do scale by caching and load-balancing. The author of the post probably never worked in real-world conditions. You first have to have users and real needs for scaling, and that doesn't happen unless you deliver a useful application first, and you also have to deliver it pretty fast, otherwise you might lose to a competitor with the same idea. I like Perl ... using modern Perl practices and CPAN modules. It's the best web development environment I worked with ... and I've worked on projects with PHP (my own framework :) + Symfony), Python/Django/web.py, ASP.NET, Java/Struts and Ruby/Rails. You should give it another try sometimes. Take a look at Catalyst (the web framework), DBIx::Class, Moose and POE. > The thought of being trapped in something you don't believe in for the sake of money and possessions probably appears a rather unsettling idea on this forum. I'm trapped in something I don't believe in for the sake of living, not possessions. I've been trapped in creating outsourced business applications ever since I started working for money, and I really haven't had any choice in this matter. I absolutely hate it, and while I see ways out of it, it's really hard taking the jump to something I like, especially since I'm trapped in a country where little value is put on creativity and where little help is offered to startups. My only hope is that I'll be able to create something I like in my spare time and make money off that in spite of me not living in a friendlier environment. Among the exceptions, almost all have kept the worst limitations of the Unix family. Is there some analysis on this issue available? What limitations have been kept? The only operating system that was supposed to be an improvement over Unix (that I know about) is Plan 9, but over time many ideas from Plan 9 have been ported to Unix. Unix today is not what it was 40 years ago ... the only legacy that's truly staying is the philosophy, which for better or worse, it works. Of course, Unix could be better. But let's be serious, what do you suppose we should do? Reinvent everything every 5 years? Email is not indexable Sure it is, like any other text-based document. and not linkable Well, it does have a reply-to header that's used to construct the tree of the conversation. Other than that public mailing-lists are exposed on the web. one cannot usefully add to the amount or quality of information on the web by email Email is good for private conversations. And for public conversations, whenever I search something on Google I often find answers from mailing-lists, exposed through a web interface. That's pretty much as part of the web as it can be. Email may not be a "web technology", but integrating it with the web is easy, because it is still just text based with an open and simple protocol. You'll have a much tougher time integrating Skype's audio conversations with the web for example ... it's not an open protocol, and it is not text-based. Flash was also a problem for a long time, even though Flash interfaces are served from HTTP servers. Adobe may have released tools to extract metadata from Flash movies, but it remains to be seen if those tools can be used effectively. These are better examples of what it means to be truly web-incompatible. Email is not because it can be served through the web, and it's also a painless process. I like mailing lists more than I like forums. With the tools available I can easily filter messages ... block people I don't like and tag messages related to a certain subject of interest. An online forum can support these features, but it usually does not. That's the problem with online interfaces ... if the web interface doesn't provide an API to plug-in external tools then you cannot adapt it to your needs. And that's also why (IMHO) older protocols, like Email and IRC are still around and popular. Every time some new project comes along, the "what makes this project special" inevitably appears. In this case, shouldn't it be "What makes Android special?", since ASE is a complementary addition? I'm 26 years old and I sometimes think of a plan B. While I've always loved programming, before I even got a PC (14 years ago, loved the idea so much that I started reading a book about programming in Basic before I had access to one) ... I really hate the industry (at least the local one). Life would be a lot easier for me if programming was a hobby in my spare time. But as it goes, I'm doing a lot of work on projects that I don't like, and when going home I don't have enough energy left to work on things I love. I don't think I'll ever give up programming though. Mono is unpopular, but I don't think it's because of the negative marketing. People doing software development on top of Linux tend to choose other languages, like Python, Perl, PHP, Ruby, C++ and Java. That's because these languages have matching cultures and communities. Personally when I'm investing time learning a tool, if the learning is not trivial, I first take a good look at its community. If you're getting in trouble with Mono, who you're going to talk to? The core mono mailing list is nice, but other than that you're out of luck. You could join a .NET community for support, but their topics, issues and goals aren't a match for a developer used to work on Unix-related projects. And the signal-noise ratio is rather poor. Moonlight for the moment has stability issues. I'm using version 1.9.3, which is a preview, and version 1 which is more stable is worthless since I haven't found many clips compatible with it. What I do like about it is that Microsoft supports it. The first time I installed Moonlight was because of a page that required Silverlight, and on clicking the "Install Silverlight" button, I got redirected to the Moonlight page. That's pretty neat. Silverlight has great potential, because you can reverse-engineer it more easily, has support for multiple languages and you only need a text editor to create a Silverlight clip. And in version 3 they are introducing an API for plugable codecs, which is making it possible to stream OGG/Theora and Vorbis files with a Silverlight applet. Flash is more popular because of inertia, and because many designers use Macs and have invested heavily in Adobe tools. Microsoft Expression only runs on Windows. They would have a lot more to gain if they released a Mac port. > I love HTML 5, but I can't imagine any of the features to be "killer" enough to make users switch to more modern browsers. Funny you should say that. Users don't really care about features. What they care about is being able to view the content. Flash is so popular today only because of services like YouTube. It only takes a YouTube to make HTML 5 popular, and speaking of YouTube, guess who owns it ;) > Adoption of HTML 5 features will occur as rapidly as they're introduced into IE Complementary to the point above, Microsoft doesn't have any options but to implement it, otherwise they'll lose more market share. Not to mention that plugins can be developed by third parties for IExplorer to add HTML 5 functionality. Google already started doing that with Gears. Having a life/work balance and setting your priorities, these are things we should do, regardless if we are doing entrepreneurship or not. I know people that have exhausted themselves working in big companies. My wife works at a kindergarten and we talk about her daily activity quite often. As I found out, the kids almost always mirror the behavior of their parents. The kids that are destructive or anti-social are those with divorced, violent or workaholic parents. The normal kids (the ones that play with others, that are happy, that have respect for the teachers and that learn faster) are those that come from a healthy environment, and those kids are few and far between. My father was also a workaholic, and one day he noticed that I grew up. Let's just say that the time lost is lost forever. I hope I won't do that with my future kids. So yeah, don't let your kids be raised by other people. Don't just drop them off in front of the TV. They will hate you for it. Their business model is coming to an end. What keeps them going is the large customer base and Windows-specific applications people are accustomed to. Historically advancement in technology does tend to have this effect on businesses. The operating systems and dev platforms are a commodity and of course people are wondering why should they pay for this stuff when you can get them for free. Not to mention alternatives are often technologically superior and have stronger communities, and because of their closed-nature they really can't do anything about it. I would like to say that competition benefits consumers, but because Microsoft can still exert a huge influence on the industry without technical merits, consumers won't benefit until they reinvent themselves. I know they will, but it may take some time. @froo, you do have a point, but revenue is not profit. I'm saying their business model will come to an end because of recent trends and advancement in technology: * I don't know of many companies that still sell prepackaged software. I don't know of any startups either, and while there might be examples of such startups, the majority are moving to something else. YMMV * Their forays in new markets aren't generating profit (besides the XBox, which I think is doing quite well) * PCs will be soon surpassed by smart-phones. The latest Windows Mobile looks promising, and while they were quick to enter this market, it's head to head with Linux, and Symbian has something like ~ 60% of the market share * people are accustomed to not pay for products that are becoming a commodity (especially on the Web). Windows is bundled with every PC, so that's good, but where I live I see more and more companies using OpenOffice (those that don't are still using Microsoft Office because either they don't know better, or their infrastructure is based on Exchange). It's not that OpenOffice is better, but it's good enough for basic needs and it's free. * I have inside knowledge about Adobe and I can tell you for sure that they are having a hard time justifying the price for CS4 to customers that already paid for CS3. It's not like CS4 isn't a good product, but this economic recession does make people wonder if the value provided is good enough. These trends aren't very encouraging for me. I still have to make a living. But that's what people and businesses always did ... adapt to new conditions. And btw ... FUD is not an incorrect statement, neither something you disagree with. FUD is an incorrect statement done with a clear intent to discredit a competitor. Please, stop polluting the term. Disclaimer: I don't have an inclination to prove my statements with numbers, which makes me susceptible to cargo-culting and being gullible. I do have the tendency to check my assumptions from time to time, and I am not anti-Microsoft, I'm just pro-technology and I don't dismiss their products or their achievements out of religions beliefs (I happen to be a happy user of .NET in several personal smallish projects) > I cannot be sure they won't sue people for anything they have patented that's used in Mono. With the current state of patents, you really can't be sure of anything. Even SUN got sued by Kodak for Java. I have a problem with the arguments for "free software" in general. People say that RMS is usually right, but being anti-Mono because you're pro-freedom, is like saying you're anti-abortions because you're pro-life. The state of affairs is never black and white like that. This is the worst advice I ever saw, and I hope it's not taken seriously by new startup founders. I used to work 14 hours a day, with 5 hours of sleep, and another 5 hours for everything else. This lasted for only 3 months, but were enough for the following to happen: * I exhausted myself. I tried being on schedule and keeping up with the original pace, but in fact my productivity lowered so much that I was LESS productive than in a time when I used to work 3-5 hours a day * I had developed serious health issues ... because of sleep deprivation I began having supra-ventricular tachycardia episodes * I became isolated, and lost touch with friends. Lack of social interactions leads to depression and paranoia, and I was there * I couldn't hold the project in my head and I couldn't see the bigger picture anymore. I was unable to make pragmatic decisions anymore, and whenever I had to make a choice, I got lost in endless arguments (paradox of choice at its peak) * Good software projects require so much more than technical expertise. When you're exhausting yourself to work, you're bound to lose touch with the real world * I ended burned-out, and I'm still recovering Most people are unable to work for 6 hours per day (in the zone). If you're able to constantly maintain 8 hours per day, while maximizing your performance, then you're already ahead. Having a central repository that handles version dependencies and upgrades ... is great. But let's be honest here: whenever a newer version of a software package is released, it can take months before it enters sid on Debian, or in Ubuntu, and these are the better-maintained distros. And if you want to distribute proprietary software, maintaining multiple packages for multiple distributions and multiple versions, is hell-like. And regarding interface guide lines, I do not agree that Linux apps have a standard. Quite the contrary. The point is that features in a Linux distribution are not cut out because of "consumer surplus". They are customized to make certain tasks easier for some people ... but the various distributions don't have artificial limitations. Say you are tired of KDE in Kubuntu, you just "apt-get install gnome-desktop". You are tired of Apache, then "apt-get install lighttpd". Defaults are not limitations. And seriously, most people pick one distribution and stick with it. I'm using Debian for everything ... work servers, laptop, home station. OK, to be honest the home station has Ubuntu on it, but that's still 95% Debian. And, if there's a feature missing (like hardware limitations), you are most likely to fix it with a kernel upgrade, or with a patch someone on the mailing list gives you for free. > but not segmenting the market is not one of those; rather, it's a consequence of not selling the software itself. Consequence or not, how can it not be an advantage? > that's a small price to pay for making sure the code stays free This isn't about the code staying free, it's more about who's in control. The GPL is only popular with businesses because it is irrelevant when you're not distributing source-code (as in web servers), or when you're offering services not products. I have yet to hear about a BSD project that went under because of some company that refused to contribute back. I do however know of a couple of projects that thrived because of more liberal licenses. > And, yes, it is about who's in control; I don't see what's bad about that. I wasn't suggesting that there's something bad about it. I just get annoyed when people start talking about the freedom in GPL. > Linux is one example of thriving GPL code, while the BSD-licensed competitors are dramatically less popular In the case of Linux, I think we can all agree that a large part of its success is due to its creator that's a wonderful leader. 386BSD on the other hand had fewer contributions because of the strict development policies of its creators regarding external contributions. Of course, I'm not saying that the GPL wasn't a component of its success, but I think people overestimate its role in all this. After all, BSD is a lot more popular than GNU Hurd. Yes it is :) But unfortunately it won't put a stop to all the flames. Many people just like being anti-something. Giving logical arguments that are anti-Microsoft is perfectly reasonable. Dedicating your life to being anti-Microsoft and blaming people for their choices, yelling "wolf" every time someone does something cool (and starting a blog in the process that explains on a weekly basis how free-software is at peril) ... is just insane. Unfortunately I've been there ... back in the day I posted a couple emails on mono-list about how Gnome is poisoned (with all the bells and whistles of an anti-MS propaganda, GNU/Linux and all that crap). I ignited flame-wars that probably ruined the day for some people. In retrospect I really regret that. Young people want to be a part of something. If that something promises to save the world from evil, it's even more alluring. For me the day came when I got married :) Since I believe in "doing what you love" it can be unbearable at times while working hard for an income to support your family, to still work on cool shit, and to still have valid arguments for a religion that promotes and even requires "free as in speech" for products of essentially very hard work. You don't have to trust Microsoft. If trust was required for collaboration, contracts would've been useless. You can trust the legal system though ... what you're looking for it's called "estoppel": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estoppel I don't think people hate the GPL per se. It's more about the way GPL is promoted ... in the name of freedom and all that shit, when in reality GPL is more likely to be used in instances where the company wants to sell commercial licenses. What I don't like about the GPL is that it limits the choice of license for derived works ... where "derived" has a very broad meaning (if your software uses a GPL component, and that GPL component has no replacement, no matter how trivial it would be to implement one, than it's a derived work). This is in contrast to .NET for example, which is proprietary and doesn't permit changes to the code base and it's not developed in the open ... but it doesn't restrict your choice of license. Another bad example ... Qt's licensing may have been good for Trolltech, but because of that Gnome / GTK+ happened. As a result there are more third party applications (both proprietary and open-source) written on top of GTK+ / Gnome, although it is an inferior technological choice. Qt got LGPL'ed (finally) but I think it's too little, too late (regarding the Linux desktop). The GPL (not talking about LGPL) is a good license if used for the right purpose. But it is promoted as being the backbone of software freedom, and looking unbiased at its current usage, that's just not true. > There will still be novel and annoying attempts at DRM, but essentially, this battle has been won. The battle may have been won for music, but movies already come DRM-enabled, and ebook publishers are pushing DRM like crazy. This is far from over, since the replication and distribution of digital media costs zero, and this effectively invalidates old business models. Hard-copy books are still selling (I for one think it's easier on the eyes than glaring in a laptop's screen), but throw in a comfortable ebook reader and ebooks that can be shared with friends, and you've got yourself a business-model killer. I think this is inevitable, but more time has to pass before newer business models will emerge, and until then they'll keep circumventing the natural evolution of technology. I don't know how to feel about this ... for one my rights are violated (you end up not owning your copy) and sharing with friends / making a backup are prohibited actions that turn you into a thief. On the other hand I feel bad about content creators (having negative feelings about publishers though because of their policies). > I don't think that is true, strictly speaking. Isn't the name of the buyer still encoded in the audio files? I think that still counts as DRM, it's only less intrusive. No, this is patently false. The name of the buyer encoded in audio files is nothing like DRM. DRM is a technological solution designed to limit your possible actions. And under the DMCA, you are not allowed to circumvent encryption techniques designed to protect copyright even if for the right reasons (like when you own the copyright of the file you're trying to decrypt). The name of the buyer is just a "watermark" used to trace the original source. Watermark or not, legally you are still not allowed to distribute copyrighted works without having the permissions to do so. But you still have a choice to bend the rules, at your own risk ... i.e. there's no technology guarding your immediate actions. From a social p.o.v., it's the difference between "innocent until proven guilty" and "guilty by default, tracking device attached". > One kind of software is unaffected though: custom software. I've worked as a software consultant for years, making turn-key software and modifications to existing infrastructure and support, and all of that. The thing is ... it's not fun. If it's not your product, you don't have the time, the energy, the resources to put much love in the products you're working on. If you're working on custom software, customers only want to pay the minimal price that will get their needs solved. If it's support for an open-source software you're working on, if that software is too good, or is of no interest to companies, then you're not going to get hired. Consulting services really take the fun out of programming, that's why I'm a proponent of a mixed model ... keep your advantages proprietary, open-source the rest. > If I had an infinite supply of food, I would not think twice about handing it out to others. I don't know why people keep making this analogy, but it's a poor one imho. Here's a better view: * you have to work hard to produce that infinite supply of food, and when you're done people are not going to instantly buy your food ... it takes some time before your expenses are covered * as time passes people will grow tired / bored of eating your food, and sales will drop as other infinite supplies of food from your competitors become available ... food that will keep them entertained * for that not to happen, you immediately start working on a better version of your food supply ... and because expectations have been raised, you now have to work harder ... and it can take months, even years in some cases to produce a successful sequel * you're also not going to abandon your existing customers ... if the food tastes bad sometimes, you've got to fix it. You have to write documentation and provide support, otherwise your customers won't know how to eat your food. And customers can also give valuable feedback that you must process. * for you to keep on working, who's going to cover your expenses, who's going to pay the bills? * and you also have to work a hell of a lot harder than the owner of a gas station that sits on his ass all day watching his employees, and that probably makes more money than you do Really ... you don't see anything wrong with this analogy? Do you think software just pops out of the ground? Intellectual property is as real as it can be. The only problem are the laws that guard it ... which have been turned against consumers for the benefit of large corporations (not content creators). > Competition is a good thing, right? The parent was referring to "scaling" for businesses, not consumers. Competition is good as long as it's driven by quality, not price. A competition on price can be good for products, but then again, it's only good when your lowering the price by improving the quality of the manufacturing process ... I don't think anyone will be happy if Apple goes bankrupt or stops producing IPhones because of cheap knockoffs made in China. In the case of support, people only want to pay the minimum amount they can for their needs to be met. If you want to provide quality services, you'll have a hard time doing that when your customers will discover that they don't need it and outsource their operations to India. This happens because few pieces of software really need paid support. For an open-source project, in many cases you'll get better support from its mailing list than from a commercial entity. Only companies with enough money will pay for high-quality support ... and they'll only do it for peace of mind and for passing the blame. Not to mention that B2B products are quite boring and support can also be provided by cheap labor. RedHat doesn't really sell support. They sell licenses, enforced by their trademark. They provide support for each license sold, that's true. People buy RedHat licenses because it's a defacto standard in the industry. Some people or companies use CentOS, which is a re-branded RedHat. But if you want the original, you have to buy the product. Nothing indicates that it will gain traction. Point #1 is meaningless. You want to have compatibility with major browsers for more market share, otherwise nothing stops you from supporting only IExplorer or Firefox. It's the same situation with desktop applications, although the situation is a little better because of Windows. But, if you don't want your client to download dozens of MB for the latest .NET, then you use .NET 2.0, if want more market share then you start working on a Mac port. If you want to target mobiles, then you start working on IPhone and Symbian ports, while keeping an eye on Android. If it's a game you're developing, then you start working on a port for PS3 / XBox / Wii. The whole allure of web applications is that you can reach a larger audience faster, with no middle-man between you and your customers (no installation required, no manual upgrading to the latest version, no piracy). Your work can be a lot easier when you're using cross-platform tools, but then again, it's the same for browser incompatibilities. Javascript hurts? Then use JQuery or something more heavy like GWT, or maybe OpenLaszlo. CSS hurts? Then use Javascript to simulate missing properties (and the situation is a whole lot better than providing an OS-consistent GUI for both Windows and Mac). I think points #2 and #3 are in conflict, because #3 happens because the barrier to entry is lower. How can that be if the tools we use for the web are immature? His main point is that the web relies on dynamic languages which don't have IDEs like Visual Studio with intellisense / automatic refactoring or compilers that highlight syntax errors at compile-time (well, he actually mentioned HTML as the language, but I'll close my eyes to that). While I can see from where his point comes from, it is also missing the forest from the trees. From my p.o.v. this is a virtue more than a drawback because it makes you think more about your API (your average .NET / Java API design really makes me cry), and it makes you think more about what's hard about the process of development (unit-testing, functional testing, standards, and all that). He also implies the lack of "object-oriented languages" and that of debuggers ... which is a complete fallacy. Modern OOP concepts are not available in C# (mixins, traits, multi-methods), and the debugging in Python (just an example) is a lot more comfortable than what's available in VS.NET. Does VS.NET give you a way to inspect / redefine active objects / methods / entire classes on a breakpoint and then resume execution? And how much do you have to pay to get functionality available for free in Valgrind/KCacheGrind? Also, in platforms with continuations support the debugging takes a whole new perspective. Overall, the article is just a poor and content-free rant. > it happened only once that I missed default parameters in C# I actually missed it lots of times. You can work around it by overloading the method, but that's boilerplate for a simple concept. I also miss named arguments (in both Ruby and C#). When reading the code, when a method has more arguments than one I often forget what the arguments are or their positioning, and it is a lot more readable to specify the arguments by their names ... lockfile( path = '/var/run/script', timeout = 60, on_timeout = handler) Ruby doesn't support that. It only has syntactic sugar for the case in which the argument of the method is a hash, but then the method definition becomes less clear. From the article: Since Adobe releases Flash runtimes simultaneously on Windows, Mac and Linux, the minimum that Microsoft needs to offer to be credible is the same simultaneous release schedule. This statement is erroneous to some extent. Flash 7 for Linux was of dubious quality, Flash 8.x for Linux was skipped altogether, and Flash 9 wasn't released simultaneously with the Windows/Mac versions. Linux is a second-class citizen for Adobe ... of course, they have reasons to not consider Linux. But there's no guarantee from the history of the project that this level of support will be continued in later versions. Also, Moonlight is not a Microsoft project. It's an open-source project sponsored by Novell and it is in a better shape than any Flash-clone available. This is very important to me ... it means that it's portable to any platform available (you don't depend on Adobe in any way), and it also means that you have an open community willing to help. Also, some of the features in Silverlight 3.0 are already in Moonlight (like the pluggable codecs). I must warn the curious that Moonlight currently has some stability/performance issues. For me I based my choice on modularity, available components and available documentation. I got tired of working on dozens of authentication/registration systems, or admin interfaces with sortable tables ... that's boilerplate that distracts you from the purpose of your project. I'm currently using Catalyst (Perl) for heavy-weight projects. I like that I have CPAN modules at my disposal. I'm also playing with Django (python) ... I like that it has already built independent modules (see Pinax / django-cms) and a customizable admin interface. It also has very good (free) documentation. I always wanted to get familiar with a CMS platform like Drupal, but I haven't found any that I liked, and Django seems like a good alternative. I don't like Rails because currently it is too monolithic. There's no way you can replace ActiveRecord with little effort without losing functionality. It is also too heavy for my taste and makes too many assumptions about my application. Of the projects I worked on this year, none of them fits the Rails model. I took a look at Merb (Ruby) and it looks good. But it doesn't have a large following. Version 2.0 will be merged with Rails, so Rails 3.0 looks promising. I don't care about language choice as long as I like the language :) I also did my own URL routing ... http://code.google.com/p/django-catalyst/ I copied the chained actions model from Catalyst, and the routing is automatically generated. I also have template tags defined that construct these URLs for me (not uploaded in the repository). I structure my views in a structure like ... views/root.py views/articles.py views/users.py views.root contains a "begin" method, that will be chained to all other requests. If views.articles needs users to be authenticated, I also add a "begin" view to views.articles (where I do the authorization required). So as an example, a chain could look like this ... views.root.begin -> views.articles.begin -> views.articles.item -> views.articles.show This is really far from the way things are done in Django, but it seems more intuitive to me. What I find cool about Django is that the dispatching is really simple to understand, and it can be extended (and components aren't hard to replace in general). > I decided not even to attempt it (product looks like hell if I do it) You should try reading on the subject though. Design is not only about how the site looks, it's also about the user's workflow, and if you don't have some good sense on that, your app is going to feel like an ass, no matter how shiny it is. It often happens that the design drives implementation changes. I also have problems in that area, but I know a good design when I see one, so what I do ... I draw the general layout, and then I search for a design that looks good enough and that fits the layout, and then I steal from that design (only the minimal to make it look decent, while adding elements of my own). Sometimes the result is crappy, sometimes it's decent. Overall it's better than nothing, because you're not too ashamed of giving a link to your friends to get early feedback. > logic in the presentation layer Sometimes logic belongs in the presentation layer (if it is related to showing the information to the user). Take the "if" tag for example. It doesn't support complex conditions (values can only be tested for values of truth, and it doesn't support parenthesis to define precedence) and adding an if block inside another if block is just ugly. To get around this, you usually construct a boolean value inside your view, but it often happens that this value is only relevant for one template (i.e. HTML). And if your view also returns JSON / YAML, that's not clean. Also, QuerySets are lazy by default, and it goes beautifully hand in hand with caching template fragments, and this works for me since I usually can't cache whole pages (some fragments are more dynamic than others). But if you move template logic in your view, then you're going to have to worry about caching in your view too, duplicating logic. Also, the if tag doesn't support "ifelse" ... what's up with that? Are designers too stupid to use ifelse properly? Yes, I know you can create your own tags, but it would've been nice if these things worked out of the box, and it's not OK to define a tag that's not reusable (like in the case of a complex "if" condition that can't be expressed in the template directly), because that's extra work that doesn't pay off. And since we are talking about designer-friendliness, how are designers going to understand working with such non-standard tags all over the place? Now, thus far the Django templates haven't been much of a problem for me, but the projects I worked on in Django have been pretty simple. But I know they are not enough so I'm currently looking for alternatives (fortunately it is easy to replace). > I'm not of the opinion that publishing work on-line is the same as giving it away, and I'm certainly not of the opinion that _why taking his stuff down is the same as breaking into a place to steal and destroy things Publishing work on-line IS giving it away. If you don't want that, just don't publish it online. If not, it's like singing a song at a party and getting all upset on your friends for memorizing it. Sorry, but the cat is out of the bag, and you can't tell me that _why (being involved in an open-source community and all) wasn't aware of that. _why's taking his stuff down is also comparable to stealing/destroying things ... his work still lives on because other people bothered to make copies, but he also took down the mailing lists / homepages of those projects, disrupting the communities behind those projects, leaving nice people that invested time and resources for those projects in the dark (I don't know how much time/resources were external, but that's irrelevant). Being an artist doesn't excuse you being dick (although it also doesn't negate your achievements). But when you're being a dick, since you're living in a society that would brake if all of us where dicks, then you should pay the price for that. > Additionally, a good template language does not require knowledge of coding I don't think I ever saw an effective template language that doesn't require programming knowledge. The only exception is when you move all logic in tags, but even then logic gets mixed with presentation (just not in the main template), and the downside is that a tag is like a black-box ... if the scope is not clear, you have no way of knowing what it produces by not looking over its code (CSS files in ASP.NET end up containing general classes in most cases because of that). That's because the presentation layer requires logic, for example ... if this happens, then show this, else show that. Or to show the breadcrumb, iterate through this list. Or is this DateTime value in UTC? Then show it in the user's locale. That's logic and it's a lot more then a template with holes in it to fill. And where is this logic supposed to go if not in the presentation layer? All the designers I worked with also knew a programming language (at a superficial level at least) and where quite capable of coding complex logic in Javascript (which is also part of the presentation layer). Our fear is that designers don't understand a more complex language, but how many of you worked with such people? (since web-design is all about the end-product, I can't imagine a good designer that can't handle logic). And even if the language guards against shooting yourself in the foot you can always find creative ways to fuck up. Yes, well, to tell you the truth I regret his disappearance. That's why I have a bad opinion about this. I also believe in coding as an art form (although I'm surely not an artist), and _why was a person to which I could relate to. We need such positive models with the same aspirations as ours because we may start thinking that we are crazy ... ever got a blank stare while you where explaining to someone else that programming in itself is beautiful? It would mean a lot to me if sooner or later he would reappear and provide an explanation ... I could also relate to him being burnt-out. What usually happens is that the programmers think about the project long before starting to work on it. I have 3 ideas that at some point I'll start implementing, and right now I'm gathering bits and pieces of information for all three. And when it comes the time to do it, the core functionality can be done really fast if you have good tools, since you are prepared for it. What separates the good projects from the bad ones though are final touches and the features that are expected by the users - those weird business logic additions that aren't properly defined. These take an incredibly long time to do. Not to mention deployment and scaling which is always a fun ride. And of course, there's always that intern/junior that has to work on something, and he's given the task of helping you, leaving a mess in any module he touches ... and then you have to clean-up the code, just to keep your sanity. Of course, you have to do some marketing. But I think that if you're investing time in marketing to be able to survive, then you're doing something wrong ... you either chose the wrong market, or your product is not good enough. From my experience, improving your product (which is not equal to adding more features) is the best way to get new customers. That's because marketing that's not properly targeted is as good as no marketing, and let's face it ... technically inclined people suck at it. Even Spolsky, which is what I call a marketing drone, in his interview on "Founders at Work" confessed that they got more customers from incremental improvements than through marketing plots. On the contrary, I think the main problem of software developers is that we rarely finish what we start. > dismiss properly conducted marketing as something which is for weak and stupid people. I didn't say that. I think it's dismissed more because the majority of marketing campaigns send out a dishonest message, and because of that customers are getting more and more insensitive to such campaigns. And I also don't think it is an engineering process in the traditional way (although it's fashionable for everything that has a feedback loop to be called engineering these days). Marketing is more about social interactions, being more inline with humanities / social sciences ... and it takes a certain kind of skill-set to be good at it, and I've seen too few technical people being good at it. > How can customers find your product and understand what it does if you build stuff and don't market it? I already said that ... you have to do some marketing, but you shouldn't depend on investing marketing resources for survival. That's a big difference. Good products are their own marketing, and you can rely on a networking effect ... people usually tell their friends when they've found something hot. And I'm not even talking about viral web 2.0 apps here ... I have a management app specific to pharmacy-shops (doing a couple of crazy stuff others haven't thought about) and it sells itself (I only had to do marketing for the initial 5 sells or so, and now after 4 months I have 30 customers ... which for the price I'm charging is really good). I don't think N = NP, because NP in polynomial time seems unnatural. Nature usually solves NP problems by natural selection, and from empiric observations it seems that finding the best answer is never a concern, usually a good enough one will do. We'll have a Star Trek-like utopia once we are able to create human-like intelligence, and I think that's doable. Not to mention that we could develop more efficient ways of recycling. I think we waist too much though, and it really depends on the resource-type we are talking about. Offtopic: One thing that worries me is the systematic deforestation. In our country we've had ugly landslides that wiped out entire villages because of uncontrolled deforestation. It also reduces the quality of the land and has dramatic effects on wildlife. I don't think such effects happening on a massive scale are reversible. I use it as my resume since I gathered a couple of recommendation from my old colleagues, and I also receive letters from recruiters from time to time. The phone looks really cool. As a programmer I'm lusting for one of these last-generation smart phones as I have some cool ideas I need to try out. Unfortunately I couldn't afford one (got lots of other expenses that have a priority). iPhone bothers me because you need to have a Mac to develop software for it, and I don't. And iTunes is awful and you're bound to it (I have an iPod Touch, and it's the worst experience I've had with any player ... the codecs are limited, the battery can't be replaced, you can't use it as a storage device, and you can't install third-party apps that aren't on the iTunes store unless you crack it). I've also heard of horror stories related to getting your application approved in iTunes Store. Android seems interesting, but there's only one device from HTC with Android on sale and it's not that great. I'm waiting for other brands to release Android phones (like Samsung). Also their choice of developing their own VM with incompatible byte-codes seems awkward. Surely it's optimized, but it would have been better if they slimmed and extended the current JVM ... that way libraries depending on byte-code manipulation wouldn't have to be rewritten for Dalvik. And in 3 years from now those optimizations won't matter anyway, and we'll be stuck with an incompatible VM. There are a couple of interesting devices with Windows Mobile, but the OS is awkward to use ... you need to have a stylus, and the responsiveness is just bad. Maybe that will change with 6.5 / 7.0. Nokia N900 seems really interesting. It has Flash integrated and Maemo kicks ass when it comes to developer support (GTK+, Qt, multitasking, and you can even install Mono on it). Nokia phones are also solid and I've always been under the impression that it's the only company able to compete with Apple. I'm waiting to see if N900 delivers. > the computer we normally use have OS X installed on it. I don't as I'm using Debian on my workstation. It beats OS X for development purposes (I've worked on a Macbook for 2 years prior to this). Other than that, saying that Linux is ready for the desktop is just wishful thinking. It may be for grandma that only surfs the web, until one day when she receives a webcam from her nephew. But we are talking about a phone released by Nokia with Maemo, a Linux distro sponsored by Nokia, on top of hardware that's designed to work with Maemo, with components picked or developed by Nokia. The chances of success are great. And Nokia even started an iTunes Store equivalent (www.ovi.com). I don't know, I'm hoping this leads to something because a lack of competition hurts the market. I think people overestimate Microsoft's power of persuasion. I mean yes, they can threaten a company whose main business is to sell PCs. They can do that because that company then loses the price battle with its competitors. But a company like Sony that has investments in music, movies, cinema gear, game consoles, home appliances, digital cameras, hand-held devices and God knows what other fields ... I don't think it can be threaten this easily, DOJ/EU intervention or not. Fine, criminalize patent infringement, but also reduce the government-granted monopoly to 3 years, ban obvious patents that a ten year old kid can think of (probably most of them), and sanction companies that try to introduce such obvious patents with big-ass fines. I could tell you that without a "research study". And any of my grandparents were also aware of it. These kind of studies leave me a bad taste. It's as if they ran out of funds and want to produce something entertaining that sells stories and that looks like real research. It also promotes sexism. I mean, what would be the natural conclusion coming out of such a study? Stay away from beautiful women? Don't hire them because you'll go nuts? > Unless they fake the data, researchers do not have control over the results. Yes they have. In any statistic, you can introduce bias (many times without even knowing), the most common one being selection bias. For example, I'd bet that the results for this research done on men coming from fields that are male-dominated (like engineering, finance), are totally different from the results of men coming from female-dominated fields. SQL Server Express is so limited that you really can't use it in production, and I've never had a case where Postgresql or Mysql couldn't handle the load (with enough architecture tweaks). And you still need IIS. You can get that with Windows 7 Ultimate, but that's $319.95 for the retail price. And you pretty much can't get away without buying the retail version. We have deployed 8 HTTP servers, 2 MySql servers, another server with Varnish, 2 servers with Memcached and one for logging ... for one of the applications we maintain. Of course, we're using virtualization with Xen. But if we were to use Windows 7 Ultimate, then we'd have to shell out ... 13 * 319 = 4147 USD On such a quantity you can probably get a discount, but let's be honest ... 4147 USD is almost the price we payed on the hardware, and I wouldn't run anything else than Windows Server in production which is a lot more expensive. And if you're developing on top of PHP, Rails, Django, Mysql, Postgresql ... why on earth would you want to use a Windows server? Do you have bad experiences with MSSQL (or any other popular RDBMS) in an enterprisey environment ? The only RDBMS I worked with that was too limited for the enterprise ... is MySql. But that's because when you have a "Big Ball of Mud" it is easier to patch many things in the data-store and MySql has bad support for stored procedures / triggers / views and I also wouldn't trust it to store a data warehouse. But Postgresql was more than suitable for such a scenario. MSSQL is also more than adequate for any task you might have. I've seen this argument many times before ... that Oracle is more reliable. But with Oracle unless you have a DBA with years of experience to administer it, you're pretty much screwed. And a RDBMS that requires so much tweaking and maintenance just to keep it working doesn't seem so reliable to me. True story ... while working at Adobe I participated in meetings about the future of Oracle at the company. Long story short: the company holds much of its data on 2 big Oracle servers and the problem with the setup is that it doesn't scale horizontally. And many newer projects are using Mysql, because it has a good-enough replication system and it also has a hidden gem (mysql proxy). It seems to me (at least as an outside observer ... I'm not a professional DBA) that these are just effects of marketing campaigns. > Their main advantage is the shady deals they have with computer manufacturers that push their software to people who don't know they do have options. Well, to be fair, Windows is still the best OS choice for consumers. I don't use it myself, as I've got Debian/Ubuntu on my workstations, and Debian on the servers. I used to have a Mac, which is user-friendly and decent for all kinds of users. But Windows is friendly to consumers, it has the best application support, and it does install on commodity hardware. I tortured my wife at some point with Ubuntu on her home computer, but it really didn't work out. I mean, even I have a laptop with a dysfunctional wireless, and just yesterday Debian-testing broke my Gnome setup. If you want to help out Linux/BSD to gain more market-share, it doesn't help pretending it's a good choice and that Windows is used because of "inertia". The way I see it, Linux/BSD missed their opportunity a long time ago. I don't see the conspiracy either. They could have sold those patents privately, not with a bid. What I think happened is that Microsoft wanted some quick money out of patents they aren't using anyway (we are in an economic crisis after all), and so they organized a bid failing to invite OIN ... and maybe they did that such that OIN doesn't get them (the patents being acquired by a patent troll being the ideal scenario). But that's not an "evil conspiracy". And I'm getting pretty tired of Groklaw and FSF crying wolf every time MS farts. As they say, your real enemies are the ones you hate. You want to change the status quo? Competition and collaboration are the best tools you have. Not FUD. > Pick a webapp. Google :) > The world is absolutely littered with fantastic clever well written programs, that no one uses. The world is also littered with twitter/facebook/youtube clones that no one uses. What sets apart the wannabes from the successful ones is (among other things) the implementation. I find much joy in doing clever things. If those things end-up being used by other people then I literary have an orgasm. But doing something simple that happens to end-up popular because of happening at the right time ... that's really a turn-off (look honey, this website of mine got really popular so now I have to maintain it ... oh joy). Fortunately that happens less and less because the low-hanging fruits are already taken. > This is the main reason for so many people being busy with re-inventing the wheel. I don't know about other people, but I'm reinventing the wheel to learn better. An algorithm you reinvented only to discover a better version later will stick to your head. And it's also fun doing it. Also, a library or a tool you "reinvent" is many times better for your needs considering that assembling software pieces is not actually like putting together Lego blocks (although corporates are still trying). Quicksort reinvention is also useful, because that standard qsort you've got laying around there might not behave as you expect (like glib's qsort that uses merge-sort instead) or it might not be optimized for your datasets (because you know, depending on the partitioning function you might end up in the worst-case scenario quite a lot). Is anyone else getting tired of articles about "the value of twitter" or about what should twitter do next and so on? I mean yeah, it's an interesting case-study, but shouldn't we be focusing on other stuff too instead of rambling on and on about a messaging service? Would you trust your application to run in production on a Cygwin machine? > Don't tell others what to do Why not? Everybody does it, including you in the above sentence :) > Using your logic we've had to tell people to shut up about Apple, Google and Microsoft as well No, that's not the logic of my post. And yes, I would prefer if fewer articles were about established businesses or about business that haven't found a business model and there's none in sight ... and more about new ways of thinking, new algorithms, new technological breakthroughs and new business models (that are actually working). Maybe Twitter is alluring because it is a simple, yet very popular service. But you're not going to implement the next Twitter and all the low-hanging fruits have already been taken. > But if it's so hard, why should we make it even harder by pursuing our business every night when our mind is already fatigued from a full day of work? Doing it on the side is very hard, but I'm one of those people that can't sleep if I'm worrying about what I'll put on the table tomorrow ... since I have a family. I know that having a family is not an ideal scenario for starting a startup, but the support I have from my wife really helps (not to mention that we are in love, plus I have a social life that helps me relax), so it's a tradeoff. Besides ... the real advantage of doing it on the side is that you don't have enough time. With such harsh limitations you start cutting down the bullshit and deliver the minimal functionality that does the job, improving what really matters and prioritizing your next features ... as opposed to day-dreaming pink ponies (as I usually do when thinking of a new project). > IMO, having more than one job is just going to split your thoughts and wouldnt help much in either of them. It is true that it is going to split your thoughts and it gets really, really tiring. But it can help if in your job-related projects you start seeing patterns of what people want, how to please them, how to talk to them to get details about their business that they forgot to mention, etc ... The implementation of your side-projects suffers for sure, but you can gain a lot of knowledge from your social interactions with clients. I used to hate consultancy work for many reasons, but the bottom line is that I learned a lot too. I guess the answer to this question (quitting your day-job or not) is the same useless and moronic answer given to all things complicated ... it depends. > Just by applauding someone for quitting their job doesn't mean they're ignoring those that moonlight True. I also think that applauding can also serve (such as in this case) as an encouragement, and not necessarily as a recognition of success. There's nothing wrong with applauding both at the start and at the finish line. I think that the author of the post had something to express, like "starting a side-project is also courageous" and "it's nothing wrong about starting a side project", and he felt that it should be in strong opposition with the current appearances (people encouraged to quit their job). It's a little shallow, but not necessarily negative. I recently started using Django for a personal project. I wasn't really aware there was hype around it. I remember when it was launched that it had some hype as it was touted as a Rails alternative, but earlier versions like 0.95 were awful anyway. It's a cool framework though. I like the plugins available. I think the author was thinking more about DRM. Fortunately non-DRM audio files are now selling on iTunes. Look, apologies for their behavior aren't enough. I know they have good people in there, but the fact is that they are pulling us back. They couldn't get off their asses to work on IE 7 until Firefox became a credible threat. This is the most compelling evidence that Microsoft always thinks about preserving the status-quo instead of advancing the state of the art. It's their decision and their company, but I'm not going to accept apologies for them lightly. They want to change their image, then they should play nicer with their competition and with us. I don't know how they could do that, but off the top of my head ... why not open-source Silverlight to make it a true standard? But they won't do that since they need control. And round and round we go. > RMS basically invented Open Source You didn't just say that!! What really invented "Open Source" was the arrival of the Internet. There have always been people wanting to share their work freely, the Internet making that possible and cheap. Heck, researches on ARPANET collaborated openly to build the Internet. And the first open-source Unix kernel to run on top of x86 wasn't Gnu or Linux, it was 386BSD. RMS didn't invent the people's desire to share. People have been doing that long before RMS was born ;) > What RMS did invent is a clever license that allowed companies to contribute to open-source projects with no risk of their contributions being taken by their competitors. Actually the first big donation to open-source by a corporation is Netscape's Mozilla. It was distributed under their own license (MPL) following the definition of "open-source" ... a definition set forth because the term "free software" had ideological connotations. Of course the FSF did valuable legal work prior to that, and they had a model to follow when defining what "open-source" is, but it was innevitable anyway. The "open source" movement is not RMS's. Linux may have never been so popular without the work of Miguel, or without the folks at the Apache Foundation, or without Netscape's contribution, or without the contribution of so many others. People have different goals, motivators and ideals. We will never get rid of proprietary software unless a business model is born that is better than selling copies of software. And that won't happen soon. So instead of spreading the "free software virus" by brute force and activism, why not invite the corporations to contribute, such that at least the development tools and platforms become more open? And that's exactly what people like Miguel are doing. I mean, I've worked on a couple of smallish projects in dotNet, and the landscape outside Microsoft is a waistland ... the majority of third party tools and libraries are proprietary. But more and more open-source tools are starting to come out of the Mono community or from CodePlex. The dotNet community is really warming up to "open-source". And I think that's really something. > I don't believe Microsoft can act against its own interests by making a true commitment to open-source. I don't think Microsoft is acting against its interests by committing to open-source. Quite the contrary. If they open-sourced Silverlight, would they lose money from their authoring tools? What they would lose is some level of control, but they could win a big enough user-base to take on Flash, which is still king. Would I care if their authoring tools are proprietary and expensive? Not at all if they're getting the job done, as long as the platform is open. You see, open source is really about economics, being many times a cheaper and more effective way of developing and distributing software. If you want to talk about rights with normal people, you'll have to explain those rights in terms of benefits. Having the ability to share software with your friends is not a good incentive for many software developers. But having your piece of software maintained by others (when you don't want to die doing that) is an incentive. And I don't think that the "giving back" attitude should be forced. It should come naturally from the inherent gains. We are so blinded by the individualism promoted by capitalism that we forget sharing and cooperation have real advantages. But being blinded by an ideology with opposites points of view is evenly shortsighted. You see, while many people in Silicon Valley or in Cambridge are working happily in startups or on cool projects that will save the world someday, the rest of the world is kind of stuck in consultancy with flat hourly bills, working on boring and-not-quite-fulfilling projects that in many countries pays less than your average gas-station supervisor. And working on Free Software when your hourly rate is $10 an hour you can trust me it's not that great. Another thing about open-source software is that there are clear disadvantages of the development model. You can see that in the unpolished GUIs of the open-source applications or in the lack of documentation (there are times when I thank God if I find a blog-post with an example for a library I'm trying to use). The notable exceptions are only those where the software itself is a complementary to something else that sells (like hardware, or ads) ... which is ironic since Microsoft was worshiped back in the day by many programmers for being a successfully pure software company (finally, our profession was going to have recognition). So yeah, fighting a war against proprietary software is futile. Proprietary software will never be replaced by ideology. A better business model will (like software as a service ... in which the software doesn't even run on your machine). > But then again, I'm clearly not Richard Stallman, so I'm probably not qualified to have much of an opinion on this. Richard Stallman has earned the right to have an opinion, yes, but I see a huge problem in the people that take his lead. This whole "Freedom is more important" and "lets protect the users" sounds a lot like the US propaganda whenever a country is going to be invaded ... i.e. the people there don't know any better, lets send them a couple of bombs in the name of democracy and human rights. It's self-righteous, cocky and plain insensitive to those people, because maybe they like their life just the way it is. If the authors of a Free Sofware project wanted other people to not build upon their software without subscribing to their ideology, they should've put that in the license instead of the perpetual harassment going on. If my opinion is stupid, short-sighted or just wrong, I would like to know why. Maybe my opinion about the US propaganda is too harsh, but I've earned that right considering that I live in a third-world ex-communist country. Thanks, It's not my political opinion that I tried to express. I just tried making an analogy, and most analogies are bad if taken literally. I'll try to give you some context. The other day I read a comment on Miguel's blog, signed A.J. Venter (Founder, Kongoni GNU/Linux) ... > I don't think Richard has any interest in improving the pool of open-source software, nor of free software. His interest is simple: protecting the users, and that means zero tolerance for non-free software It's this attitude I was referring to, and can also be seen in Groklaw's article. And regardless of what Richard truly wants, many people have taken upon themselves the responsibility of fighting a war against companies that release proprietary software. Not only many of those people haven't contributed anything like what people like Miguel or RMS did (with meritocracy going out the window), but those same people are using the same tactics of companies we despise ... like FUD and harassment, in the name of saving the world from proprietary software. The end justifies the means after all, but maybe the world doesn't want to be saved and that's something to consider whenever you insult someone for their choices (and this goes on both sides of the barricade). It depends ... say you've got a nice project going on, still in infancy, and you post its link on sites like reddit and HN to get feedback. 2000 visitors instantly hit the link and your site crashes exactly when you need it more to stay alive. Premature optimization is the root of all evil and all that, but going at the other extreme is equally not the smartest thing you can do. An application like 37signals Basecamp can grow organically over time as the application is maturing and more and more users discover it and start paying for it. But if your project's success depends on the number of users you have (e.g. a social app), it makes sense to think about scaling and reliability a little beforehand. Remember Twitter? It's still a mystery to me how this app survived having so many outages. Maybe they where lucky, maybe the social aspects where worth it for its users, but that doesn't mean your application will survive if facing such problems. I just call myself a "computer scientist". I do get funny looks from people not familiar with the term, but it's how I feel, and it also keeps me on the right tracks (gigs diverting into technical support or sysadmin or software development that was boring me out of my skull ... were only temporary because I know what I want to be). I also type quite fast too, and I get that amazed glance from my peers or just strangers close-by ... next thing I know I get the typical ... "You know, I have a Windows PC, and I think I caught a virus". I just answer them "Sorry, that's not my expertise" ... but one of these days I'll just get one of those "I WON'T FIX YOUR COMPUTER" teeshirts, because nothing can suck the life out of you faster. I simply loved this article and the comparison made between the two Sudoku solvers. Peter Norvig is one of my favorite programmers ... his solutions are always simple and elegant. Have a look at his spell-checker here (a solution I used in production): http://norvig.com/spell-correct.html He just kicks ass, and it reinforces that people (at least in software development) are more important than processes. I don't do TDD because our consultancy gigs only last for 2 months tops, during which we have to do what other firms are doing in 1 or 2 years. We are also most of the time in uncharted waters, and doing proper unit-testing of such modules requires even more thought than the actual functionality. And after two months tops, the project is over, and we won't get any money for extra work. We are doing unit-testing for really critical sections though. But I do wish I had the time and the skills to do TDD. > * And if it's not working out, we don't do it anymore* It's not as simple as that. Once you start using a bug-tracker the bug database grows and grows, and that data is not easy to migrate to something else. And then you're stuck with a substandard solution that makes your life a hell of a lot harder than using plain old emails with naming conventions. Daily meetings are good for some people but bad for others. Scrum meetings are advertised as a way to "get in the flow" and to let others know of your problems so they can help you. But in practice a scrum meeting turns out to be just your average status report you give your manager, and it's not going to stop him from interrupting you later anyway. This means that whenever you weren't on your best behavior, you're going to game the system and lie, making the whole meeting pointless and a time-waist. "Conventions for X" in a team with lots of opinions quickly turn into decision meetings. I had to argue really hard to choose a sane naming-convention for our database, because our tech-lead was a Java programmer "with years of experience" and the project manager was incapable of making such decisions and was delegating these choices to the tech-lead. Two years later and the whole project is a mess, because some decisions where made as if we could change them later, and others where pulled out of somebody's ass as a conflict resolution. For an epic example of such a train-wreck, go read "Dreaming in Code". Teams aren't going to decide anything right by consensus. You need one or two programmers on your team that have strong-leadership skills and generally just kick ass, and let them decide. Yes it is a big hurdle for me. I own a Dell laptop running Ubuntu and a desktop I've built myself running both Ubuntu and Windows. Because I live in Europe, the cheapest MacBook Pro is 2233 USD. And the cheapest Mac Mini is 1000 USD. A Mac Mini doesn't cut it for me because I travel a lot (not long distances, but enough to keep me from having a stable office). I won't consider the simpler MacBook because I had one that I've taken to the repair shop 4 times in one year. The MacBook is simply not made for high-workloads. And MacBook Pro is just expensive. I've payed 800 USD for my Dell Inspiron and it's been running for two years with no problems. The MacBook Pro is just overpriced. I don't care that they are bundling the latest Intel processor in it. I don't want the latest hardware available. I'm happy with just 2 GB of RAM and a big-enough hard-disk. A colleague of mine had a MacBook Pro and the motherboard fried when he spilled some coffee on the keyboard. I've spilled coffee (with lots of sugar) on mine and besides the keyboard getting sticky, nothing happened. Besides, I always hated Windows because it is too locked down. I also stay away from proprietary technologies because the skills aren't transferable. But having to go all-Apple to develop for the iPhone is just ludicrous. No, because you can't optimize tail-calls made to virtual methods. I once did a crawler that searched the content of a couple of large websites for phone numbers. I did this daemon in Perl, using fork() to search multiple websites in parallel. When a new search was initiated, the daemon broke the search in multiple packages (of 5000 items to be searched). After initiating 5000 searches (keeping the maximum number of active processes at 30), I did a wait for all the children to finish, so that I can mark the package as "done". The trouble with fork is that opened sockets are sometimes not forked very well. And I forked my database connection (a DBD::Pg). Forking a DBD::Pg connection went well in my tests, but once in a few thousand forked processes, a process would stall. Sometimes it recovered after a few hours, sometimes it didn't. I tried setting an ALARM that would make the process auto-kill itself after some time. Didn't work. The final workaround was to monitor the child processes from the parent, and kill -9 the ones that hanged. But the whole processing became too slow. Finally I gave up on the idea of packages and on marking the search as "done". So I just marked the search as "done" after the last child was forked. It was a difficult bug because the client had no idea it was a bug, and waited patiently for the results (sometimes as much as 2 days). It was also difficult because at first I had no idea why my processes hanged. > The OP's biggest problem is his unfamiliarity with the OS. Isn't that true for both Linux and Windows? I personally didn't like Mac OS X, and I've used it for a whole year. MacPorts is not as properly maintained as the Debian repository, many packages having old versions, and manually compiling packages is just silly. After a while I discovered that I don't depend on any OS X specific software at all. I used Textmate, but it couldn't make me as happy as Emacs is :) I used Firefox instead of Safary, iTunes was making me cry (I'll never purchase an iPod again), and MacPorts was inferior. So the 2K price-tag wasn't justified for a new laptop when my old one broke. Ubuntu is doing just fine. The only problem I have is the lack of Adobe Photoshop, but I workaround it with Gimp and Inkscape. > Secondly, I don't like fighting with my OS. I hear your pain. That's why I purchased one in the first place. > It's an ecosystem of vendors (targeting different markets), projects, technologies, and you can't directly compare it with standalone companies like Microsoft or Apple that (mostly) have a consistent and focused product/marketing strategies. Saying that it's an apples to oranges comparison you're just dodging the problem. Ubuntu competes directly with Windows. OpenSuse competes directly with Windows. Debian competes directly with Windows. So is Red Hat to a lesser extent. And these distributions have the same software on them, only organized differently. So how are these direct competitors doing? You can measure that with the availability or lack of third-party commercial support (we are talking about the desktop here). Adobe Photoshop isn't available for any Linux distribution, isn't it? I've worked there. Those people aren't interested in maintaining the Windows monopoly. They are only interested in selling their software. And there was at least one big internal debate over whether Linux is viable as a target or not (with the light on the horizon being Asus eepc and Ubuntu). The result of that is Flex Builder for Linux, and guess what, it ain't doing so well. > Open development means not only is the source code open, all the joys and flames related to it are as well. I've never worked for a company that had such internal fights. Maybe there are such bad apples out there, but I find them unacceptable and if they'd happen where I work, I'd quit on the spot. And these fights are implicating end-users as well. I've asked on the official opensuse forum how to get my DWL-g122 ver.C1 wireless stick working, and some twit hijacked my call for help with a moral discussion about how that driver isn't "free software". > you can find l33t people in most online communities Yeah, well, some communities are better than others. The more pragmatic a community is, the friendlier it is. I've really tried being active on the Ubuntu forums, I really did. But the sheer volume of answers ranging from "that's not Free" to "it's your fault for not wanting to relearn everything you know" ... it's just overwhelming. NOTE: I've also been a Linux user for like 6 years. "Programming Collective Intelligence" is very short on theory. It's good for getting your feet wet and for getting over your fear of something new and difficult, but otherwise without proper comprehension of the phenomenons involved in those algorithms, you're not going to get very far. I think the point is that once Mark released his work under the GPL, then he no longer has any control on how his work is used or distributed, even though it might be in disagreement with his wishes ... and he accepts that, because that's what "Free" is all about. ... that in contrast to forcing people to abide by your rules, without explicitly saying that in the license (e.g. by activism, harassment and public insults ... for reference see for example GNU/Linux [1] or the endless discussions about apologists/traitors[2] ). [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU/Linux_naming_controversy [2] http://www.fsf.org/blogs/rms/microsoft-codeplex-foundation > The GPL increases your freedoms by forcing people to give back, for free, the work they've done on top of GPL'd work they in turn received for free No, the GPL forces people to distribute the source code of their own modifications, but that's only on redistribution. That's why with software as a service this doesn't work. This has to be emphasized, because that's its central strenght. The majority of all software is made and run in-house, without ever being distributed. And open-source would not be what it is today without contributors that have SaaS as a business model. > The GPLv3 explicitly tries to deal with software as a service No it doesn't. The GPLv3 is still only a copyright license which only covers redistribution (as GPLv2). It is more problematic because it tries to define what distribution means (to prevent tivoization), and copyright laws have their own definitions, but it still is within normal bounds ... so it remains to be seen if it works, but FSF has got some pretty smart lawyers over there, and they did their homework. The license that tries to deal with SaaS is AGPL. But that's not a copyright license anymore, and while it is considered to be "open-source", some people think that it shouldn't be, since it places restrictions on the actual usage of the software (like an EULA). And you'll have a hard time convincing companies that have contributed to open-source to switch to AGPL. Hell will freeze over or a new gap in AGPL will be discovered before that happens. One way AGPL can be "monetized" is with dual-licensing. But that's just dishonest and definitely not free. > program dies when nobody uses or is interested on it ... The GPL will make its source available forever ... As for PostgreSQL, it saddens me to say its BSD licensing provides no such protection A software application also dies when you can't use it for your purposes anymore, even when you're willing to pay-up. This letter from Stallman actually highlights the hypocrisy behind GPL (not LGPL, just GPL). PostgreSQL's source code will never be lost, and it saddens me that many people perpetuate such a myth. If people lose interest in it, there's always going to be an archive out there with the latest released version. And I find it hard to believe that people would prefer EnterpriseDB over PostgreSQL since the BSD license is what made it shine in the first place. MySql and PostgreSql are actual threats to Oracle's profit margins. Guess which one they picked to kill. If Java is used a lot in academia is mostly because it is shoved on the throats of students as one of those "real world skills that helps you get a job". Not to say that it doesn't have merits. It's fast enough, it's cross-platform, it has good tools and good libraries. But this wasn't the case until Java 1.4 was released. And its popularity has more to do with Sun's marketing campaign than anything else. Because that was the philosophy from the beginning ... don't change the language until it's too late, make sure to cripple all new features to maintain backwards compatibility, leave the problems to the tool-vendors to solve. Actually this philosophy worked better for future-proofing the platform in a weird way. God knows how they would've crippled the JVM if their generics support wasn't made through type-erasure for example. And so the JVM bytecode is pretty light, now only if they added tail-calls and continuations. But I don't think that will happen too soon. Isn't that what compilers do? I actually am thinking of writing a compiler for a custom language that will be translated to Java. It will be a lot like C#, but simplified, with a lot of the cruft removed (like the requirement to define a Main class with a static main, or the requirement that all code should be wrapped in a class, but reified generics is something I want although I'm not sure if it's feasible). I don't like Duby, I don't like Ruby for that matter. Mostly because the syntax is not as extensible as I'd like and because the variables don't have lexical scope. > It's just not easy to write imperative programs without throwing exceptions somewhere along the call chain With checked exceptions it is also not easy to be a good OOP citizen and not break encapsulation, since checked exceptions become a part of your interface. I've heard of Pets.com and I'm in Europe :) Yes, but XP is also polished ... unless by polish you mean eye-candy. The problems with XP are more under-the-hood. They tried fixing some of those in Vista, like the UAC, but it was a complete failure. I also have a 5-year-old LCD that's pretty good, but it doesn't work well with their clear-type technology. I don't understand why they haven't added a classic anti-aliasing option like I have in Linux. So to make Vista bearable, I have to deactivate all the flashy stuff, because that's the only way to have sane fonts. So it really doesn't matter if Windows 7 feels polished. Normal people will have to have real reasons to switch. Your wheel example is not good. Before wheels, I'm pretty sure people used tree trunks to drag heavy objects from A to B. And I'm pretty sure the wheel's inventor hasn't envisioned the average consumer car we have today either. Linus's point is that design happens at a micro-level, but at a macroscopic level the direction of a successful project should be made by trial and error with a feedback cycle. To put things in perspective ... Linux is not designed for servers, it is not designed for desktops, it is not designed for real-time systems, it is not designed for mobile phones. When people wanted to use Linux for such stuff, they took it and modified it to their will, and the parts that slowed them down were eventually removed / refactored. That's actually very true if you look at the history of many successful projects. And that's evolution more than design. "Release early and often" is exactly about this. Linux is still the most deployed Unix. Even if a commercial version (like OS X) may surpass it in the future, it will contain parts from modern Linux distributions. And it wouldn't last too long. What I like about Linux is that it is getting better and better. And it also is the most versatile OS available. I first used Linux in 1997, when I first tried a Red Hat CD included in a magazine I read. The user experience was just awful, while today's Ubuntu Linux is almost as good as Windows and OS X. The kernel has also seen major improvements, especially in stability and drivers. My wireless stick, the sound card, my video card ... these work out-of-the-box on Ubuntu. The communities around Linux may move slower, and have fewer surprises, but they do move forward constantly. In contrast, Microsoft may have the resources to pull off a Windows XP, but every once in a while bad things happen ... like Windows ME, Vista (after 5 or 6 years of waiting), a frozen IExplorer, etc... One day a distribution like Ubuntu or OpenSuse will be as good as Windows or OS X. When that happens, you can't beat its price or the freedoms that come with it, even if people don't like changing their environment. This is exactly what's happening with Firefox or any other successful open-source projects out there ... once they reach critical mass, they are unstoppable. A web service isn't a web application? Java's threads are managed in kernel space, not at the VM level and are definitely not "lightweight". They are faster than forking processes though, but Java applications (because they share state between threads) are less scalable. Because this is a premature optimization. I've seen companies falling at the other extreme ... making the interface "totally" decoupled, so that they could replace the UI anytime they wanted. That's why monstrosities like XSLT appeared. But I haven't seen any example of a good application yet that does this successfully, because whether you like it or not, the web UI will require backend logic that your iPhone app does not, and vice-versa. And you'll either create a common denominator, or two different branches. Also, if your iPhone app is so similar, maybe it shouldn't be an app in the first place, but an iPhone-optimized website. It's Apple's fault if they aren't making the integration between websites and the iPhone easier. Don't get me wrong, web services have their place, but make no mistake ... a website that assembles the page from web services is a lot trickier to scale (assuming you're the one providing those services). Google and Amazon? I know that they are using lots of web services, but the assembly is still mostly done on their servers (not in the browser), and you're talking about something else (or have I understood you wrong?). I've seen a talk from an Amazon fellow. They are using web services for parallel processing ... their frontend servers are sending asynchronous requests to those services, which is a huge win. But in a browser, for an Ajax frontend that happens to periodically request updates, one thing that happens is that the number of requests made from a single client is a lot larger. Surely it doesn't reload all the static files, but those are non-issues even for a reasonable high-traffic website ... just put something like Varnish to serve them and make sure they have expiration headers in the future. My company did consultancy work in matters of scalability for http://www.erepublik.com/ and after we placed a Varnish in front (that also functions as a load-balancer for Apache servers) it could handle thousands of concurrent requests to static files. And their biggest problem was definitely not the load on their Apache servers (it was MySql). And this is mostly what I was thinking about. OK, you have a point, but I always was under the impression that Google is using Ajax in Gmail, Docs and Maps for user-experience, not for scalability. Yes, getting a second monitor would require playing with the "xrandr" command. It's not that hard, but definitely not for normal users. The situation is thankfully improving though, and I'm happy for that. It's nowhere near ready for consumers (as much as some people like to claim), but it is getting there, and it has a really good and steady improvement rate. I just don't get it why age matters. If something is stable and good enough, then why should it be reinvented, instead of improved? See the Microsoft vs TomTom lawsuit: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_v._TomTom I actually think the reverse of this is the biggest problem in our industry. From my experience most programmers I've worked with don't understand the underlying mechanism that make their tools work. And when they hit a bug or a problem their tools weren't designed for, the shit hits the fan. And I've seen the reverse of what you're talking about quite a lot ... developers or managers choosing off-the-shelf software with no clue of what they are choosing, just to spend countless resources and important amounts of money ... later to realize that it doesn't fix their problem. But they use it anyway, adapting the problem to the software, just to get a return of investment ... which is the most idiotic thing one can do. But it happens quite often, especially in big companies that get lured by salesmen with promises of greatness. Another thing that happens is that quite often I've seen situations where inventing the wheel is faster than using something prebuilt. That's because software development is not like lego-building. Many times you'll find a module that's close to what you want, but it's not good enough. So you start fixing that, and then you realize that the mismatch is greater than what you thought, and you lost more time than doing it from scratch and keeping it simple. And more to the topic ... the first rule of programming is there are no rules. What works for one project, doesn't necessarily work for another. Also, developers that consciously and constantly try to "keep it simple" and "not to repeat themselves" are doing a pretty good job at not reinventing the wheel anyway. I don't know much about Tim Bray, and I don't usually read its articles. But this argument is OK. Having a smart compiler is one thing ... but a tail-call is not a simple optimization that speeds up your software. And personally I haven't seen a "sufficiently smart compiler" that does a reasonable job ... Haskell's GHC does a pretty good job, but without having internal knowledge the results are often horrible. When you modify your function and accidentally move the call such that it's no longer in a tail position (and this one does happen) that function may not run anymore. Engineers relying on tail-calls end up looking at the generated bytecode/assembler to ensure that it's really a tail-call, otherwise the software crashes. That's why a tail-call should be explicit. Because you're relying on it for the computation to complete. It's not for speed, it's for correctness, and with implicit tail-calls you are effectively trading one kind of accidental complexity for another. Out of curiosity ... why do you use the 64bit version? Do you have more than 4GB of ram? For me the fonts are better in Linux. The clear-type technology they introduced in Vista doesn't play well with existing monitors. I have a 19 inch LCD display that's very decent, but I purchased it before Vista's release. The fonts on Vista have a red hallow that are unbearable, and I'm not the only one with this problem (and trust me, I played with the clear-type settings, although they don't make that easy). On a big monitor with a typical DPI, clear-type just adds visual noise. In Gnome the standard font anti-aliasing that doesn't use clear-type is great. The downside is that pointer sizes in 64bit software are double, and this does sometimes have issues with the processors cache. Personally I haven't seen much difference in practice either way (except in cases where you have more RAM ... MySql on 10 GB totally rocks :)). I was asking because I choose to install the 32bit version ... 64 bit packages are more unstable being less popular. I don't have a college degree ... I don't because I didn't had enough money and had to get a job. I also live in a European country, and living in Silicon Valley would be like a dream come true (having around you smart people that share your passion must be great). Unfortunately the world is still looking up to these college degrees as an exclusive guarantee of some sort. I know that college graduates had opportunities to learn and interact with real mentors and everything, I know some of them worked really hard for that degree ... but there are also many graduates that haven't learned anything and wasted their time and resources, going through exams by gaming the system. I also know that in some colleges in my country you can bribe the dean to get that degree in a couple of days. One day someone offered to hire me to work for the government ... he was impressed with my online resume. The offered salary was one fourth as I was earning at my job. I told him I didn't had a college degree and he never spoke to me again ... there are times when I consider my lack of a degree as an asset. sorry, i downvoted you by mistake :) Novell's Suse Linux Enterprise is hardly Mono/.NET related. And I don't know of any recent / remarkable developments coming from Red Hat. They are known for Mono only because people have been bitching and screaming about it since the project started. Novell is having a hard time because in the business of providing support for open-source products, there's no place for number 2. If you want to buy support for a Linux distribution, you either pay for the number one, which is Red Hat, or get Cent OS or Debian, relying on the huge communities behind them. Merging Ximian with SuSE wasn't a good idea indeed. But at the time Gnome seemed like the better choice for corporate Linux, and IMHO it still is. Red Hat was using it, it's more stable and predictable, and you wouldn't need a commercial license to develop commercial software on top of it (like KDE at that time). The acquisition I couldn't understand was SUSE. Betting on Mono does make sense. Developers and companies using dotNet are willing to pay for their tools, for their servers, and for support. They are even paying for add-ons to their IDE (like JetBrains ReSharper). So if you want to migrate to Linux, what's the best distribution for you? SUSE of course. Unfortunately open-source doesn't sell well. You can use it as a catalyst for your other products, you can use it to gain market-share, you can rely on a community to bring improvements to your infrastructure (when you don't have the resouces for that), but making money straight out of open-source? That's not easy. Miguel and his team are moving in uncharted territories ... they are in the process of releasing two commercial products for Mono ... MonoTouch and Mono Tools for Visual Studio. Both are quite interesting. I worked on the online strategy of a non-profit campaign in my country. The people I worked with were really smart, but when it came to writing web articles other people could read, they were blissfully ignorant. The CMS I built had an intuitive interface with a WYSIWYG editor. I made the choice to have less functionality than TinyMCE because their already written articles were terrible ... no correct alignment, no intuitive paragraphs, verbose sentences that could make you yawn from the first 5 seconds, content that used medical jargon, and complete disregard for their audience. I tried to write them emails explaining to them what one should or shouldn't do when publishing to the web. I trained them face to face. No effect. I later discovered that they copy/pasted the documents from MS Word. The copied text carried over Word's formatting, and because it didn't look like in Word, they tried to make it look better by visual editing, or by totally ignoring the results. One day I deactivated the WYSIWYG editor, telling them that they should learn HTML. Enough to say that they were so upset that I'm now no longer helping them with anything. I'm not even talking about using technology here. I'm talking about basic skills you need when writing a clear essay ... kids are supposed to learn this stuff in school. This is not necessarily about people being trained by us to be ignorant. This is something more deeper than that ... people are becoming lazier and more ignorant and disconnected from their work and the world at large. Maybe it's information overload. Maybe it's the paradox of choice. I don't know. That's because "the whole is greater than the sum of its parts". I also like many things about the US, but on the whole I don't like the US especially because of their foreign policies. Individuals are often very nice people (not just in the US), but in large groups their mentality can change drastically, developing a "herd behavior" ... and part of a mob people are capable of doing stuff that aren't thinkable. This is pretty scary since we've seen where this can lead. I also have a Vista at home ... using it as a media station and for experimenting with windows-only stuff. I also used a Mac OS X for a whole year. I still prefer Linux though. Yes, at first it seems like it is "death from a 1000 cuts". But when I'm switching OSes for my day to day work I find that I miss Linux more often than not. I don't have a lot of money so I need free development tools that are decent for the kind of work I do. I also like the support given by some communities. And for that Linux is the best ... Ubuntu/Debian have the best and most properly maintained repository of open-source packages. Everything is one "apt-get install" away. In Windows it's really killing me that I have to manually hunt and even compile my packages. And then make them work within my Cygwin environment, and then find ways for them to inter-operate with Windows-specific utilities. In Mac OS X I've used MacPorts but it's not a properly maintained repository ... the sources can take forever to compile, I've encountered situations were the dependencies where not resolved, and many software packages are just too old. And it's not a default and you end up with two Python interpreters, two Perls, two GCC compilers, etc... Some say perfection is in the details. Mac OS X is certainly an improvement in some areas, but I remember using Tiger ... the default terminal app was not having multiple tabs. And when the wireless wasn't connecting to a router for some reason (when others laptops in the area did), I could find no way to debug the problem. I also did Java programming, and it was really killing me not having Java 6 on Mac OS X. And when it finally came out, it was incompatible with Tiger. The parent is definitely not far off the mark. If you had to shell out the price of windows or for that Macbook from work, you would feel the burden of paying for something that's only marginally better that a Linux distribution, an OS that you can actually own (as opposed to just owning the rights to use it), for free. The only desktop software I would actually pay money for is Photoshop. Too bad that it doesn't work on Linux, but while working for Adobe the people there were actually quite open to Linux, so a Linux port is quite possible in the future. Sorry @pushingbits, but this is just trolling. I have two wlan USB sticks that work out of the box on Ubuntu and Debian (I wasn't even careful about that when buying them). In fact, those two sticks I own don't work at all on Vista (they were designed for XP), and don't work on XP without installing the drivers first. Ever tried installing Mac OS X on a non-Apple computer? Ever tried using hardware that doesn't specifically mentions "compatible with Mac OS X" on the box? Try it sometimes. The solution to your problems is to find Linux-compatible hardware. People do that for Apple computers, I don't get it why it is such a big deal for Linux, but IMHO since Linux does work out-of-the-box with most hardware devices, you'd expect it to work with everything. Well, sometimes it doesn't. Linux has many other problems but hardware drivers are not it. That's true unfortunately ... regressions in the kernel do happen. But on the upside, there's more older hardware that works in Linux than in Vista for example. Oh, so having future commercial packages that many people depend on, like Adobe Photoshop or 3D Studio Max ... packaged and distributed as a universal binary for every major distribution and every architecture ... is of no importance whatsoever? This is a major roadblock for commercial third-parties that would like to distribute ports of their software for Linux. I don't know much about the Rails community, but they should definitely look at Django. Django currently is more modular. The ease with which you can integrate third-party components is unparalleled in my experience. I also like Django's ORM a whole lot more. Rails is awesome, other frameworks are too ... but keeping blinders on is not good on the long term. That's not my impression at all. Truth is, people can get kind of religions about their technological choices, no matter what those choices are (I guess it takes some faith to believe in your choice, when there's no clear answer to "which is best"? ... there never is). Actually ... spending money is a lot different from barter. If you're producing honey, you can't directly change that for guns. The fundamental concepts are really different ... previously owning $10 bill would mean that your bank stores an equivalent quantity in gold for you. Now $10 just means someone owes the bank $10 ... and it's really a useless piece of paper with an unrealistic value. That's really the reason behind an economic crisis. I wouldn't ever go and live cashless simply because it's like swimming against the tide, but it's true that money disconnects people from the goods they are buying, from the real cost of manufacturing, and ultimately ... from other people. If you're going to implicitly say that Java code is more "manageable" than alternatives, then you're going to have to provide citations, or at least meaningful stories of your experience. The most important purpose of higher-level programming languages is to remove accidental complexities. I can give you dozens of examples where Java fails to do that ... as opposed to other languages, some of them mainstream. Some examples ... nullable references, checked exceptions (which are a class of their own), no compile-time code contracts (the type-system is way too weak), concurrency based on shared state and mutexes, public/protected instance variables (with a god-awful getters/setters convention), no real closures (an anonymous class instantiation only captures final locals), no multi-dispatching (this could take care of half of all possible Java-related gotchas, at least), no pattern-matching operator (switch doesn't count). And the list can go on and on. I've also worked on "big" code-bases written in Java. Some Java open-source libraries are truly beautiful, but these particular projects were not. On one of them it took one whole month to fix a bug that escaped us because of all the layers and all the boilerplate that was executing. This particular bug only happened like once a month, and debugging multi-threading Java code is a nightmare (I guess it could be worse). Sorry, but this argument doesn't fly. I work in a Perl shop and not all programmers here are in "the top 10%" (I don't think either of us are). But with enough training and clear code-conventions (many of them coming from our community) ... our code base is quite manageable. PS: I don't have anything against Java or Java programmers. I actually like it because of the available tools, libraries and because of the JVM, which is state-of-the-art. I think you just scanned the article. Rule 1: My code is crap ... this means exactly what you are saying ... there are always better ways to do it, and when a problem arises it's probably your fault more often than not. Rule 2: I care about my code ... programmers definitely should care about their code, but should care even more about their current projects. There, happy? Rule number 3: My opinion about my own code is wrong ... this happens more often than you think, and not realizing that your mental model might be wrong is dangerous. Rule number 4: My manager doesn't care about my code, and he pays me ... this is the norm. You're arguing semantics here. The manager cares about the project. You could argue that the manager indirectly cares about the quality of your code, and you would be right, but then again I haven't seen many managers getting upset about a project with lots of duct-tape code, as long as it does the job. The SBCL tests submitted to the shootout are using type annotations heavily. In that test it doesn't count as a dynamic-typed language. Sorry, but it is very uncommon for Java to use 10-100x as much memory. Those benchmarks are pretty irrelevant because all the algorithms in there are short-lived. As far as I know CPython uses reference-counting for GC. And while this has definite advantages, this creates the potential for memory-leaks when using cyclic data structures. Also, the heap can get pretty fragmented, which for long-running processes can leave the heap looking like swiss cheese. This doesn't happen with Java, but as a side effect a compacting GC usually allocates twice the heap size needed since it needs space to defragment the heap. The JVM's GC is also a Generational GC, separating generations in multiple regions, such that short-lived objects can be collected faster and newer objects can be allocated faster with speeds comparable to a stack allocation. On Python, reference counting has the advantage of being cache-friendly and pretty deterministic. And when it comes to web servers that fork processes for requests, this is alleviated by the fact that the Python process has a short life. On memory consumption, yes, Java might have the heap doubled, and the garbage collection is more non-deterministic. But it depends on your application ... the JVM ends up using memory a lot more efficiently for long-running processes, although the upfront cost is higher. Yes, sorry, I didn't bother to look at those results. No, that's called loosely typed. Having type annotations is a big deal because you can infer certain things at compile time. Take for instance (+ x y). In CLisp "+" is a multi-method, the dispatch being done at runtime, but if you know that x and y are both integers, there's no need to search the right method to call at runtime, its address is already known. And then you can also decide to inline its code at compile-time if there aren't any conflicts (mostly like a macro, but without the laziness). Of course, in dynamically-typed languages you have the freedom to infer these things at runtime, in certain situations you can infer the types of "x" and "y", you can use a cache for the call sites, and so on, but it's a lot more complicated, and one of the reasons is that for every optimization you do, you have to be ready to de-optimize when the assumptions have been invalidated. That's why I said SBCL doesn't count as being dynamic in that test because it probably makes full use of those static annotations. Adding a Hindley-Milner-like type-inference to a language that has subtype polymorphism and method overloading is really not a good idea (or possible for that matter). let plus x y = x + y let sum = plus 1 2 This is Ocaml, but let's assume it has type-classes. Method "plus" would be a generic method with a type like ... (Num 'a) -> (Num 'a) -> (Num 'a) The actual return type (int) is detected when the actual call is made. But that's assuming you know the actual types of the parameters at compile-time. And that's not the case in OOP languages ... by definition they have (at least) single-dispatch. That's why languages like Ocaml don't allow this. Full type-inference and languages like Java / C# don't mix. No, C++ lacks many things ... that's why I personally hate it ... the cost you pay for the feature creep is not worth it. A good language is not a revolutionary one, indeed, but it's kind of depressing that the state of the art is the same as 30-40 years ago, and it sometimes seems that language-designers haven't learned anything. There's nothing I hate more about a programming language than exceptions to rules. And Go has plenty of those. I understand the pragmatism, but if some people are unhappy with C++ or Java, why make the same mistakes when designing a new one? From my POV, it's a sign that we are becoming more shallow. I'm really happy with this announcement. Microsoft is a trend-setter and whatever the reasons behind this "opening" it really sets a powerful precedent for future projects getting open-sourced by companies ... and developers/entrepreneurs that believe in the power of commons are wining the fight. > There are equivalent (or better) tools available in the open-source world. No, not really. .NET approaches the strengths of Java ... high-performance, lots of available libraries and tools, lots of programmers working with it. Besides Java and C/C++, it doesn't have any direct competition, and C/C++ is a mess. I'm working on a project right now in my free time. Because I do lots of number-crunching on large data-sets I just couldn't afford to do it in something like Python or Perl (my favorites) ... it doesn't have to be optimized, but it does have to complete in a reasonable time without me thinking about all the implications of every god-damn line of code I write. My server resources are also limited, my VM only has 2 GB of RAM / 2 cores with 1 GHz and I can't afford another server. The only reasonable alternative for me is Java, but I hate Java. I tried porting my initial Python prototype to it and the results where awful. C# is very much alike Java, but its more bearable, and some stuff like Linq is just sweet. Not to mention that from within .NET I can also use Java libraries through IKVM.NET ... I'm already using OpenNLP through it. And there are also people working on Python interoperability ... IronPython is great, and there are people working on Ironclad, an interface allowing to use CPython extensions (like numpy, that already passes 1100 tests). > Code just isn't everything No, but the code + license is everything. The whole point of open-source licenses is that people and companies can't be trusted, and when you're really unhappy you can just fork. I'm also happy with the design of many things coming out of Microsoft. I'm not happy with Guido's ideas or with many choices in Python's design ... I only prefer Python because of its large community and available libraries. If you think the community has anything to say about Python's future, think again ... there's always a core that sets directions, and any community is created through natural-selection ... people wouldn't use Python if they wouldn't agree with a majority of Guido's choices. This is a good thing, please stop portraying as something bad. That's a PITA since I was planing on studying it. Are you sure? Do you have any references? Oh, I know what you mean ... I'm not doing any Windows-specific development, and when I tried, the libs were awful. When I say C/C++ is a mess, I'm thinking more about the proliferation of libraries that are doing the same thing ... on every project I looked at I saw a different library for string-handling or for managing collections, and this is just the basic stuff. Then there's socket communication, RPC, multi-threading, GUI, and so on. I also did a simple plugin for Varnish once, and I had to look at a lot of source-code and ask a lot of questions on IRC for even the most basic stuff, like ... what type is this method returning, how can I convert that to a string, is the memory referenced by this pointer deallocated or not, and so forth. When you know the ins and outs of a C/C++ project it is definitely easier (or if you're lucky enough and the project uses Qt :)). My impression is that WebPI is for developers ... it installs on your computer the stuff you need for developing / running your application, with the bonus that you can also quickly install a prepackaged web app like Drupal. I'm sure it wouldn't make any sense to make it available for Linux / Mac OS X since it's a Windows complement. The problem here is that the TFA is wrong ... Microsoft hasn't released an "iTunes Store for Web Apps". It's just a convenient way to get your Windows Server up and running, or am I missing something? > The trouble with this comparative openness is that you end up with 800 pieces of software written by different companies fighting it out on your desktop, leading to crashes and inconsistent UIs all over the place. And that's a bad thing because? Who has the mainstream OS now with over 87% market-share? Even popular cross-platform applications that were first available for Macs (like Adobe Photoshop) are now more optimized for Windows. Microsoft has always been more open ... you can install Windows on any hardware you want as long as it's compatible (and most hardware is, with the notable exception of ARM-processors). The developer tools where a lot more competitive because Microsoft allowed competition from the likes of Borland. And the Windows API was free to use (as opposed to OS/2 for instance). And for end-users ... Microsoft has always been committed to backwards compatibility (at least for popular applications). Microsoft can be called "evil" yes, because of their aggressive tactics regarding competition. But imagine what would Apple do in the same position ... and it's kind of ironic that many developers choosing openness went to Apple for that. Apple makes money, yes, but they were on the edge of bankruptcy ... they should've learned a valuable lesson then (besides keeping Steve Jobs as the CEO). Then you could start sending requests via proxies ... and sooner or later the site would start blocking legitimate users. Either way, the majority of all new traffic comes from Google right now, and if a website has exclusivity for Bing, it would surely lose a lot visits. And it's definitely not worth it unless Microsoft pays really well for this privilege ... and I'm not sure they can do that, even if they are Microsoft. It's not. How many OOP languages do you know where type-inference works? I know of none ... Ocaml uses a special syntax for reconciling the type-inference with the inclusion polymorphism that it supports ... (name : sub_type :> super_type). And IMHO it gets ugly. I'm not really clear about what "type unification" you're referring to, but the actual types in Java aren't known until runtime (you usually only know a parent). To change this behavior an overhaul of the entire architecture is needed. Those only work for local declarations where the type of the expression is known. This thread was talking about type inference in this case ... var l = [12.4, 13, "a string"]; This would require the array to have generic arguments, and those generics arguments to be inferred from the types given to the constructor (in this case the base class would be Object). I think it works in Scala, but a type unification is really hard ... i.e. to be able to write your own generic functions / classes with the generic type inferred from the base class of the given arguments. The definition of a generic function that would do this would look like ... Array createArray (T ... args) Also, since generic definitions are a PITA to write and read, many people dream of a Hindley-Milner type system where the generic type is discovered. But I don't know of a single OOP language that does that (Ocaml and F# try, but it's ugly) since OOP polymorphism is not compatible. Java is not adding local type inference as in C#. It only adds the diamond construct for inferring the generic types from the variable's type being assigned ... Map m = new HashMap<>(); Which is ugly, but many Java developers are taking "programming to an interface" rule quite literally. Closures are a useful feature, but I'm afraid the current proposal is crippled ... and as in the case of generics implemented with erasure and some serious variance problems ... this will be a feature where the complexity added will outweigh the benefits. The first problem ... apparently they aren't planing on adding capturing of non-ﬁnal variables. This is a PITA since a lot of anonymous classes are using just that by boxing those vars in final arrays ... which is the kind of boilerplate I could do without, but I guess readability of code is not a priority (oh, the irony). The second problem ... the proposal is not final, but from what I've seen the "Function type" has to deal with primitives, and they are going to do that through code-specialization ... and if that's the case, it would be yet another case where they are introducing exceptions in the language (like it's the case for arrays or for operator overloading). I'm not even going to mention the "special" syntax introduced for collections. The third problem ... since we are talking about fork/join, it would be best to leave the constructing of the query to the designer of the framework, therefore returning the syntax tree of a closure (instead of the method refence) would be really useful. The proposal doesn't include such "futurist" notions though (LISP's quote is very cutting-edge after all). The fourth problem ... it would be best to deprecate Java in favor of something else running on the JVM. But what chances would a language have that isn't totally different (in which case it would diverge from the type system, therefore slow or with interoperability problems) or that doesn't have feature-bloat to differentiate itself from Java (like Scala, which IMHO it's an abomination). The point being that adding features to Java makes life harder for everyone (including people using/developing other languages). Why not concentrate on advancing the JVM instead? Still no tail-calls, still no stack-allocated objects (with escape-analysis not delivering on its promise), and invoke-dynamic is one whole year away from being released. And closures are a language feature that happened long before Java appeared, and it's been talked about it ever since the start. See this article about "Microsoft's delegates" ... http://java.sun.com/docs/white/delegates.html Now they want to add closures because that's the only sane way to work with fork/join frameworks? No shit. It saddens me because it took a really loooooong time for them to realize this ... design by committee at its best. And that's not the only case. For instance you may want "a" to be mutable, but you also want to use its value when the closure gets executed. I don't think I've ever used a framework in Java that relies on event-handlers / callbacks where I didn't had to box local variables. By that circular reasoning you could also say that developers are important, since that's the way to attract users ... since nobody will use your OS if it isn't capable of running your favorite apps. I know that the browser is the new OS and all that crap, but a laptop/netbook capable of only running web apps (or apps designed for Chrome's APIs) seems pretty pointless to me. And I'm really thankful for Moore's law ... with multi-core Intel/ARM processors, and all those GPUs ... you'll now be able to run your all your apps in a browser. That's a serious accomplishment. Developers should be able to choose the platform based on real technical requirements, not on artificial limitations. All your applications running in the cloud? Who's cloud? Meet the new boss, same as the old one. Yes, but Java is the middle-man providing the FFI, and implementing bindings to whatever library written in whatever language on top of the JVM is a lot easier. And it will get a lot more easier with the upcoming invokedynamic support (since right now the reflection mechanisms for calling methods are very slow). Attila Szegedi is also working on a MOP for dynamic languages, which, if integrated by language designers, will make it possible to instantiate classes and call methods from modules written in other languages (much like the DLR, but with a different architecture) ... see here ... http://dynalang.sourceforge.net/ > In an ideal world the would be no need for Java being the middle-man. Not possible, ideal world or not. Programming languages have different type-systems. First of all you can't have the VM optimize for all of them, so the priority is always the primary language (Java for the JVM, or C# for .NET). The second problem is that those type-systems have behaviors defined either at compile-time, or at runtime. For instance, in Haskell a method is resolved / specialized on the use-site (based on the arguments provided) at compile-time, since by design, all types are known. If you call that same method from Java, you can't use the same interface ... you'll probably call a proxy, that based on the types provided (at runtime this time) it would find the right method and call it (with a call-site cache to optimize future calls). Another example ... Common Lisp has multi-dispatching. It makes sense for Lisp, but not so much for Ruby. And Java has single-dispatching too. Simulating multi-dispatching on top of the JVM is not easy (it will be easier with invokedynamic and MethodHandles) ... and even if some kind of multi-dispatching was implemented, which one? Asymmetric or symmetric? The only way to communicate with a language efficiently is trough the standardization of a MOP. But that's also hard to define because of the same reasons ... the author of IronScheme for example was considering dropping support for the DLR because it wasn't a good match. Progress is going slowly since every That project was founded in 2007. The last release is from 2008. Has anybody ever adopted it? If you'll look at the repository, there are regular commits. I'm following the "JVM languages" google group, and the author is communicating regularly with people like John Rose (JVM / invokedynamic) and Charles Oliver Nutter (JRuby) among others, getting feedback, providing feedback, and Charles even attempted an integration of JRuby at some point. I don't really know the state of that. In the case of such a project you have to please everyone, being a complicated matter from both a political and technical point of view. If you are truly interested in such things, you can always scratch your own itch ;) Tail-recursion can be implemented on top of the JVM. For self-recursion you just issue a GOTO. For mutual recursion, the compiler can generate a trampoline. There are two problems with a trampoline ... one is that the stack-trace will no longer be accurate. And the second problem is that interoperability with Java suffers because the bytecode of the method or that of the call-site will be different from what-you-see in your code. For example one way of doing it is to modify the recursive function ... fn (a) => b ... to be ... fn (a) => M[b] ... where M[b] contains either the returned value "b" or the reference + arguments of the next call done by the trampoline. And then the compiler modifies the call-sites to call the trampoline instead of our method. About efficiency ... if you want to have a generic trampoline module (instead of many trampolines defined for each group ... which would consume permgen memory), you could implement such a trampoline on top of the new invokedynamic support in JDK7 ... this could allow for the call-sites in the trampoline to be cached and ultimately JITed. I'm not sure if invokedynamic could help here (I know little about how the call-sites will be cached) but I don't see why not. I don't see a problem with process isolation ... you can control the bytecode generated from the compiler, and then you make the Java FFI really hard to please. Since Erlang uses light-weight processes, this is exactly what the Erlang VM is doing. Wow, a single post where football, the Beatles, coin-flipping, dish-washing, waitering and the implied programming ... appear together. > Look at virtually any modern band If modern bands don't have to practice so much to be famous, that says so much more about their quality and the record labels that promote them. And I don't see any "modern band" being as popular and as eternal as the Beatles. Michael Jackson was close, but he wasn't exactly known for his quick and painless path to success. The Beatles sold more albums than Michael Jackson, they had more successfully released albums to begin with (eight vs five), they had more nr. 1 singles in the US/UK, their hits stayed longer in the #1 position ... and the Beatles were active for eight years, certainly shorter than Jackson's career which is longer than 20 years. Not that it matters much ... Michael Jackson's albums are here to stay. I was just saying that to be great (instead of just acceptable) ... you have to put a whole lot of effort into it. For instance I haven't heard of a single great gymnast who hasn't practiced until every muscle in his/her body was pushed well beyond limits. I actually heard of a few cases where people have passed out, out of sheer exhaustion. So you're born with a natural talent ... but so are many other people. What makes you stand out is the effort you're putting in achieving your goals. About refactoring ... even if a project is pure-Java, the refactoring-tools are too simple, boiling down to rename class/method/var, extract method/class and things like that which are just too simple for real-world needs (and in practice, kind of useless ... since I've been doing these same ops in dynamic languages with a combination of find / grep / sed / emacs macros... with unit-tests as guard). When you want to radically change the architecture, as it happens when you've got the business/workflow model wrong, these refactoring tools won't help you. My opinion about Java ... the JVM and the available tools kick ass, but the language is a PITA and this shows in the design of many Java-libraries. Things like PlayFramework are a wonder and it takes discipline and perseverance to build things like that (not to mention having the will to break every best practice set out by the community). > 100ms/page (i.e. just 10 requests/second) If a page takes 100ms, that doesn't mean you only have 10 requests/second. With a little care you can have thousands of requests per second, especially on top the JVM. > A single 45Kb SVG file, when fully parsed, eats up 150MB right here on my laptop. That's not the fault of the JVM, although I do agree that many Java-libraries are memory-hogs. The only difference between the JVM and CLR/Python/Perl/Ruby is that the JVM doesn't return the used memory to the OS. This means that if the JVM reaches 1 GB of used memory, it will remain there even if the GC kicks. Also, when allocating memory, the JVM has to allocate more memory than it needs because it needs space to degragment the heap. But on the other hand compared to CPython / Ruby MRI / Perl ... the JVM's GC is generational and heap-compacting, making it much more efficient memory-wise for long-running processes ... allocation is cheaper, deallocation is smarter and you won't end-up with a heap that looks like swiss cheese. Cool ... now only if they fixed those tail-calls ... You are right ... they should improve Firefox to make it more popular. I'm using Chrome right now, and while I miss many features from Firefox ... OMFG, it's so nice to use a fast browser. But, one of the things I always hated about Microsoft is the way they compete with others that use their ecosystem of platforms and tools ... Mozilla is formed of ex-Netscape people and they remember quite well what that kind of competition can do. Netscape was a good browser, and indeed they waited 3 years before they released 6.0 ... but god dammit, how can you compete with a browser that's bundled with everyone's operating system, and for free too. When you have a parter that helps you bring in more revenue (like Mozilla) you try not to screw-up that relationship. If other competing browsers or Web/Web-enabled applications appear in the future, what will be their incentive to use Google's services ... if Google has a history of competing directly with you sooner or later? It's the same thing over and over again ... groundhog day? Wow ... in bubblemark I get ~60 FPS in Flash, ~90 FPSs in Flash (with cacheAsBitmap) and ~160 FPSs in DHTML (using Chrome). In Firefox 3.0.14 I'm getting 60 FPSs in DHTML, while the speed of Flash is the same. Chrome's V8 engine is awesome. I never realized it. Actually, there's a pretty good chance that a good Javascript engine will beat Silverlight (if it doesn't already). The CLR is not that great. For instance, it can't optimize call-sites of virtual methods ... the JVM does it, Chrome's V8 probably does it too. And yes, you can use IronPython and IronRuby ... but in case you haven't checked them out ... those are awfully slow (mildly put) compared to the reference or the JVM implementations (go figure). If you can optimize the call-sites of virtual methods (a problem which isn't solved by static-typing), there's nothing inherent in static typing that guarantees faster code, except the handling of primitives ... numbers mostly, because if numbers are boxed, math is slow. But when you're building a VM from scratch (like what Google is doing with the V8) you can workaround that too (see Lua for a shiny example). Well ... there are other things too, like making classes/interfaces dynamic, but this isn't such a big problem). What I find interesting about V8 ... even if its designed only for Javascript, the type-system itself is dynamic enough to make V8 a good target for other dynamic languages. And a modified application server could compile something like ... document.find('div.item').each do |item| item.append(" hello world "); end ... to Javascript without much trouble. And V8 probably has certain constructs that are executed faster, so you could have a Java to Javascript compiler (like GWT) that uses those static-types that you love to generate faster Javascript. And with HTML5, you can have your cake and eat it too (assuming Microsoft plays along, or Firefox/Safari/Opera/Chrome become much more popular ... not so hard to imagine given IExplorer's flaws, the army of developers preferring modern browsers and UE's antitrust policies). And do you think Jeff's blog just got less popular? "Only wimps use tape backup: _real_ men just upload their important stuff on ftp, and let the rest of the world mirror it ;)" Linus Tolvards I guess people use Google's cache and archive.org these days :) > pretty much just wants to strip the GPL from MySQL so that he and others can develop completely closed-source databases based on it. So what's the problem with that? I'm an Emacs user myself, but I hate using complicated plugins with dependencies in Emacs. So what IDE among the three (Eclipse, Netbeans, IntelliJ) has the best Clojure plugin? Do you have any experience with any of them? My perception is that MSR has the same flaw as Bell Labs once did ... they keep coming with cool ideas that aren't getting productized (of course, I'm too young to have an opinion here :)) Anyway, on the programming languages front, Microsoft is releasing some pretty cool stuff and they should get some credit for that, regardless of their history. It doesn't seem to me as a common requirement. "ORDER BY RAND()" means exactly as it says ... fetch the result-set in a random order, and it applies to the whole result-set, (probably) having the same performance characteristics as any other unoptimized "ORDER BY", which is executed before "LIMIT" (I like it because it's consistent). Many people are using "ORDER BY RAND()" to fetch multiple rows, not just one ... which is also pretty bad. But in such a case other optimizations are in order ... if you're selecting 30 random items, you wouldn't want to issue 30 queries to the database. Oh, but you can get your hands on a Google GSA box. Not to mention that security by obscurity is most effectively breached through trial and error ... there's nothing stopping you from gaming Google's algorithm right now (and many spammers are doing just that). I don't know why the parent got downvoted, but the situations are similar. If you can't secure your code while being open about your methods, obscurity won't help in the long term. I don't like these kind of articles ... yes, such advices are good and doing incremental / exploratory development is something to reflect upon. BUT ... personally I need clear examples / scenarios / studies. Maybe a school assignment where the progress of two or three students is tracked with a comparison ... which had the best solution, which did it in the least amount of time, which experimented and failed the most, etc ... Otherwise it just feels like noise. He probably doesn't like hypocrisy. Your assertion is also an ad hominem. You can have a person that likes Google and its products and that hates this "open" letter. You can also have a person that hates Google because of its displayed hypocrisy from times to times and still likes Apple ... it's perfectly acceptable. Not everyone is for "openness" and not everyone should be. Surely some economic, business or social models work better that way, but there's no way to tell if its the "be all / end all" since most models crack when it comes to scaling. And Google is displaying some hypocritical behavior here since the crown jewels that actually generate money are closed. That isn't bad (they are a business after all) ... but confusing and damaging users is not the reason, and sending signals like that is just dishonest. (although I've experienced working in a corporate setting before ... that man may actually be honest ... sniffing the company's values like cocaine is actually quite common :) Hi, I also live in Romania. > relatively big web company in Romania Little quiz ... what should set your alarm on? The "big" size of that "web company" or its location? For me it's a no-brainer ... simply because for a consulting company to scale to that "big" factor ... you need to hire a lot of third-rate, cheap code-monkeys ... that's business 101 ;) Second of all ... your company should've asked for a portfolio of the actual developers that ended up working for you, simply because the quality of the employees varies greatly even in well-respected organizations. Or was there some kind of manager acting as a proxy between you and those doing the actual work? And out of curiosity, in your country there aren't any "big software companies" that are doing consulting work of dubious quality? This seems to me that it was more a problem with your management. Blaming it on "outsourcing" is not really accurate. BTW ... in my small company that does consulting work, we aren't taking outsourced projects very often. We don't do it simply because those kind of clients that would outsource to us are of very poor quality, leading to poor communications, unmet deadlines, unmet payments and generally disastrous results. Since when are global variables ugly hacks? Oh, you should drive your boat near a beach on a hot day. Either way you can run over strangers ... however, in general if you want to be prepared for a specific target (in general), then it's more likely to get the job done with a car since not all people go to the beach or take a swim :) So while driving a boat is fun, keep that car nearby. Actually that comparison is not so ridiculous. Customers want storage, lots of it. One way to do it is to provide the technology to make that storage cheap and easy to maintain. Another way to have cheap/maintainable storage is by using an external provider. The CLR may support tail-call optimization, but that's not much. You can have support for TCO in a JVM language, it's just that interoperability with Java suffers. When comparing the CLR to the JVM, I'm only jealous of one feature of the CLR ... stack-allocated objects. On the other hand, saying that .NET's support for multiple languages is "equal or better" then that of the JVM is just flat wrong. The CLR doesn't optimize call-sites where the called method is virtual. This is alleviated somewhat by the semantics of C# (all methods are non-virtual by default), but for dynamic languages it's a disaster. The JVM on the other hand does this ever since Java 1.3 (when hotspot was added as an option). And the DLR is a cool framework for language designers, but it's one layer above the CLR, and it's just code extracted from the IronPython implementation. And related to speed, if you compare Jython with IronPython, Jython does a lot better right now, although it's not the most active language-implementation on the JVM. The upcoming InvokeDynamic for the JVM will really kick ass for dynamic invocations ... the JVM will allow one to make calls without knowing the type of the object used in single dispatch ... and those call-sites will be optimized (like method-inlining) just as with a normal "invoke_interface". And then there's the little things that make your life easier on the JVM ... for example it's easier to generate .class files, or .jar files ... along with debugging symbols. And the JVM is truly multi-platform. You mentioned tail-calls ... well, the tail-calls in Mono have always been broken and unusable and there's no fix on the horizon. Also speaking of Mono, the GC is not generational and does not defragment the heap. IMHO, it's a low quality implementation that's only optimized for C#. I own a Wii and I hate it. That controller is cool but once you get used to it the games themselves are pretty lame. And you can't use Wii for pretty much anything else. Surely you could "buy" a browser with Wii-points (if they haven't made it free already). But the web-browsing experience is also pretty lame. And you can't use it to watch movies. So I bought a Wii because it was cheaper at the time (not anymore). But you won't catch me buying any games for it. I just borrowed some games I didn't like and now it's just sitting there ... and from time to time when a friend comes I just take out the free "Wii Sports" that came bundled with it. If Wii really outsels Xbox it doesn't say much because they target different markets. Not only memory, but there's also a performance penalty related to boxing/unboxing of primitives. That's why the author of that email described how he hasn't used the standard data-structures from Java, like HashMap ... preferring to write his own specialized implementation. The Git codebase has been heavily-optimized from the start. Its speed when branching/merging was its main selling point, ever since Linus started talking about it. The only way JGit would ever be equal-to or faster than Git is by using better algorithms. And somehow, I don't see this happening ;) Don't forget the Natural Language Toolkit ( http://www.nltk.org/ ). Rails is just a web framework. Killer? Yes. All you need for many apps? No. And yes, both Django and numpy are also killer packages ... with Django probably being the inspiration for merging Rails with Merb. > It's all about the right tool for the right job for the right man. Oh, come on. Give me an instance where PHP is the right tool. This argument is so overused that I don't even know what it means anymore. And no, shared hosting doesn't count. My personal hosting plan costs something like $10 a month and I can choose between PHP, Python, Perl and Ruby (with Ruby it is more difficult, since I have to ask the sysadmin to add a couple of Mongrel instances for me). But mod_perl and mod_wsgi are there by default. > Hello Martin Dude, that doesn't have any PHP code in it. To make this dynamic, you still have to have some way of authenticating and storing info about users. And you'll also want some way to edit those users. Do you know how easy it is to create a simple CMS in Django, with authentication, and a functional admin? ... it takes only a couple of hours to a beginner that never worked with Python or Django before (yes, I saw one in action). When PHP appeared, it made sense since Perl was the only game in town, and it was a bitch. But things have evolved a lot since then (even for Perl). For me, PHP doesn't make any sense. > * No, you don't, as slander is illegal* Slander is only illegal when the statements are said to be true (and can be proven that they are false) ... humor and satire newspapers and magazines can publish whatever they want ... both in the US and the EU. > The point is, as you conceded, that everyone would agree I was stupid and had it coming. No, there's no justification for violence. Ever. If you're a rambling idiot that can't hold it together ... people will punish you anyway by ignoring you. You can lose your friends, your wife, even your job. And this form of social punishment is more just for the kind of situation you're referring to ... especially since it all goes away when you learn to behave well in society. > Stop making me responsible for the actions and opinions of people I don't know or have anything to do with. And yet, you're identifying yourself as a Muslim, and defend those that issued death threats, fucking freedom of speech to the detriment of those that fought for it and society as a whole. Of course you are responsible. > I am a Muslim. I created a new account, as some will hold that against me I like people that can stand-up for their beliefs. The others are more or less cowards ... unless they have a good reason for it, like protecting their families. What's your excuse? Losing karma-points? > You don't have, and never had, the right to slander someone in order to pick a fight In the US and the EU ... satire and humor are not considered to be slander. > If I went to a bar, found the biggest and dumbest asshole in there and called his mother a filthy whore Personally I wouldn't get upset if you called all mothers filthy whores (since sometimes, there's some truth to that) ... at worst I would say that "it's not funny" and move along. > Treating individuals like this with a bit of sensitivity would be the civilized thing to do Yes, it would be civilized. But I also think misbehaviors should get some form of social punishment (as so should you, if you're picking fights for no reason at all). When a woman in some third-world country is beaten to death because she was unfaithful ... I guess, by some people's views, she had it coming also. Should we all be civilized to those that did it, because they are impoverished and uneducated ... and not condemn their actions? Also satire and humor are healthy ingredients for a healthy society ... if you haven't realized it, those comics may actually help in chilling the usage of those Muslim stereotypes. It's called reverse psychology ;) I don't agree ... votes should be given for any reason a reader wants. Sometimes the actual post is so stupid and off-topic that it doesn't deserve a response ... and the rating system is there in the first place to distinguish between the good posts and the bad ones. Granted ... this particular comment was pretty much on topic, and contains a very popular point-of-view in many circles ... so personally I haven't down-voted "theotherside", preferring to give him a reply instead. > They said the cyber attacks have exposed Google's inability to protect its users' privacy This can always backfire on them ... once groups like those at 4chan get working on Baidu :) And I'd be willing to bet that Google has a much more reliable security. Not to mention that this statement is kind of hypocritical ... since when are they concerned about privacy? Also ... these PR spins won't work for them internationally ... since communism has a negative image, and this is one of the factors considered when extending a business to China. So they have a more relaxed communism, allowing privately owned companies to thrive ... but look, Google announced they were hurt by the Chinese government, and apparently they weren't the only ones. Whom would you be more inclined to believe? And Google is also good at PR :) > the best carpenter is the one who gets the job done with the tools at hand. go php. there are just bad programmers, not bad tools. It really depends on your subjective view of what "best" means. The best programmer in the world can probably do a better job than you at any given task, using only the GCC compiler. But ... I'd bet he's going to cost you hundreds of dollars per hour, and he probably wouldn't get the job done faster that a decent programmer who is using "the right tool for the job". Good design / Low cost / Fast ... pick 2 Myself ... I could use PHP, since it's mainstream and there are lots of low-cost hosting solutions, but I prefer Python because the tools are more mature and not necessarily related to web-dev (iPython, PyQT, Nltk, numpy, Django) ... and really, I've worked with Symfony, Django, ASP.NET MVC, Ruby on Rails and Perl's Catalyst ... the quality of a framework is heavily dependent on the language, trust me ;) > younger people tend to relate to that which is new and exciting to them Although I'm still young (27) ... I'm becoming more and more dismissive of new technologies. Why? Because my experience tells me when something new is just a rehash of some older concept that sucked. That's why I stayed away from SOAP ... learned about CORBA in college and hated it. That's why I stayed away from ASP.NET ... because I first had the pleasure of working with Rails and with PHP (with my own home-backed framework). Of course ... I could instantly see the potential in IPhone ... all those portable devices that fit in your pocket, with a GPS, a photo-camera, an Internet connection and a single online store that sells apps ... all of which could lead to interesting stuff like augmented reality ... that's love at first sight. I also think that it's a bad idea focusing on grokking technologies. Algorithms, data-structures, math ... these are things that will never be deprecated and where experience matters. They can always move those factories to India or Eastern Europe. And the biggest reason for outsourcing labor is for reducing the costs involved ... that's why I don't get why aren't they working on more advanced industrial robots and why is Japan the only one having breakthroughs in this regard ... probably because of unions, but what's worse ... outsourcing work or fully automated factories in your own country (that creates more jobs for engineers)? IMHO, it's the former. And please note that with this statement I'm probably shooting myself in the foot ... since working on outsourced projects is at times my only source of income :) Removing the appendix I guess one could do with a broken glass ... but how did he closed the wound? > They have better infrastructure than most third world country with cheap labor I can think of. That's probably true, but this is a chicken&egg problem, isn't it ... if the westerners would outsource to India / Eastern Europe ... with economic growth their infrastructure will be better and better. And cheap labor is the primary reason ... you take that away and I don't think anything else will matter. Because of its economic growth, costs in China will rise, it's only a matter of time. I'd be interested to know how the shareware market is doing on Windows ... no really, selling shareware is still viable? If it is, I've got a cool idea I'd like to implement. This article is (almost) accurate. I live in Romania ... and of course, we are doing a lot better than Cameroon, the country got accepted in EU, and the average salary is something like $25-$30 / day (and people with college degrees do better than that). But the corruption has reached unimaginable levels ... and it's not just the government, it's everyone. For example, we have a public health system, and while I paid something like $15000 last year in taxes (a big amount for us), my wife got pregnant, she's having problems ... and we've had to bribe a doctor to even speak to us, not to mention they demand big bribes for doing a clean caesarean section, and my wife needs it. The poor souls that don't have money for bribes simply get fucked. And for anything you'd want to do, like buying/selling property or starting a company, getting permits ... the bureaucracy is so awful that the only sane way of doing it is (you guest it) by bribing. > The roads, they have not been fixed for 19 years Well ... in Romania roads get fixed every year ... badly, so every year new repairs are needed, with millions of euros going down the drain. And the companies doing the repairs ... get contracted by nepotism. I guess Cameroon got lots to learn from us about misusing funds :-) Our elections are mostly for real ... but it really doesn't matter. It's the people ... although everyone is blaming the government, instead of looking in the mirror. > How is that not the government? If there weren't a public health system, there would be more doctors and they wouldn't be able to bribe you. You could just go to someone else. It doesn't work like that, the system is more relaxed than in other countries ... you can go to any doctor you want. Surely, competition seems like the answer, but there's something larger at play here ... I once heard of a woman in labor that lost her child because her doctor was out of town, and the others doctors from the hospital refused to intervene ... you see, they are very territorial. Of course, such tragedies don't happen so often, but they do happen. And we've also got private health insurances and clinics (it's not like the government prohibits it) ... the problem is that those are only useful for your periodic consults ... but in case of an emergency, you want a good doctor not an incompetent one, and those tend to work in public hospitals. No really, we have a mostly working democracy and capitalism ... not helping much ;) > I'm not sure we should have accepted Romania into the EU before this problem is fixed. If I lived anywhere else, I'd have the same opinion :) > Do you think it's helping against corruption or is any incentive now gone? Actually, it's helping, since we are monitored and we get warnings and sanctions now and then ... one of the main concerns being corruption. I don't think that the end-result can be predicted though, we'll see ... although since we entered the EU, I can see things improving. Unfortunately with this economic crisis, we're back to square one. > it's just that EU institutions are pretty far away from EU projects and are usually terrible at detecting corruption My impression is that they are pretty good :-) ... I've heard of reports more accurate than what is published in our media. > the salaries in public health are way lower then they should be I understand that, but the way I view it ... it's not my fault they got into this. And while it's mostly a functional system (AFAIK, the US health system is horrible), it kind of bothers me that I pay lots of taxes without getting a return. > AFAIK, a good birth in a private hospital is around $1500, so he probably should have gone this way from the beginning. Well, my wife is having complications ... we first went to a private clinic, and the doctor consulting us just shook his head with no advice for us, other than "wait and see what happens" ... and in a private clinic, it's more like $2000 for a normal birth ... and I've heard of a case when the doctor demanded a bribe anyway. So to get proper treatment in this case ... we've had to go to the hospital in Giulesti, which has some of the best doctors available. Now, of course, the doctor we ended up with (Puia Sorin in case you are interested :)), which is renowned for "delivering babies" :) ... treats his patients equally, the only problem being that he's too busy to take on new patients (fortunately, there are still some decent people left). > In my country it is called “cadre deployment” and is an official position. The ruling party employ their members (cadres) at all public institutions to follow the ruling party’s will Well, on a more positive note about Romania ... my father was the general director of such an institution, and when he was removed from his position based on political reasons, he sued the ministry. Such actions can be taken because as I said, almost everyone is more or less corrupt and can be caught with a hand in the cookie jar :) ... but in the case of my father (which is either clean or smart :)), he got justice and had to be reinstated. He's now a senator working in 2 commissions ... and I'm really proud of him for having big balls :) People should look at the Android Market. While the platform is backed by a strong brand, has big potential and it's open enough ... not too many developers have jumped in. This may change once Android phones are popular enough and there's a story of someone getting rich in one month, working in his spare time. The article does have a point ... the web eliminates distribution costs and the need for middle-men. That was one strong incentive for web-apps happening. Unfortunately, with big software houses (like Google and Yahoo) making great apps available mostly for free to regular users ... people became accustomed to free stuff on the web. As a result, there are few online businesses that are profitable. Even so, phones are becoming more and more like regular laptops ... and in time, more open, since that's inevitable (App Stores being artificial restrictions). I know you are joking, at least I hope so :) Perl has many nice ideas, that were copied into other languages ... think regexp literals for example, and I know people got crazy about DSLs once Ruby got popular, but DSLs have been the norm in Perl since forever ... due to its flexible syntax and to its interpreter (see Devel::Declare ... which allows you to locally take over control from the Perl's parser ... such that you can add new syntax). The only problem with Perl is that it wasn't supposed to be such high-level and general purpose. It was just supposed to be a replacement for grep / awk / sed. Then it got popular :) Larry Wall is a really smart guy (I met him at the last YAPC::Europe) ... a little crazy though :) ... but he does have good ideas. See for instance this article on why Perl is the way it is ... http://www.wall.org/~larry/pm.html I don't know why, but I like crazy people :) Are you saying that OSX is more open than OS9? :) I don't get it ... what's AppleWorld? My first thoughts is that it will be an amusement park with Start Trek-like themes and with chapels where you can get married by a Steve Jobs look-alike. No wonder publishers were the first to get gaga about cloud-computing :) iPhone users don't depend on iPhone per se; rather they depend on a cool device that can make calls, play music and run some apps, which at the time of this writing there's at least one other major provider (quality, market penetration notwithstanding). There, I fixed that for you. Any patent holder with relevant patents can stop redistribution of a software, regardless of license ... GPL or not. Everybody's selfish, but Mozilla is also short-sighted ... they cannot and will not be able to have an influence on the defacto standards for codecs if they aren't popular enough. This was the right time to really push for HTML5 and standards ... to push Flash/Silverlight/Quicktime out of the way. Safari, Chrome, Opera and Firefox combined have enough market-share to do that. But no ... they take the same stance as Linux distros, all proprietary stuff is evil, ban it all. Unfortunately, while they have a point (H264 is not safe) ... they'll just lose users to Chrome or Safari. pdfchm.com > This is exactly how we ended up with things like ActiveX and Flash in the first place. No, and I really don't see the resemblance. We ended up with ActiveX, Flash and Java (you forgot about it) in the first place, because there was no other way to get around the browser's limitations. In fact it's quite the opposite ... wasn't XmlHttpRequest implemented first as an ActiveX object in IExplorer 5? Or do you think some standards body magically came up with it and everyone was happy? H264 is the current standard for video, with lots of tools and lots of momentum ... in order to replace it you'll have to put a whole lot more on the table than ideology. And how is that working in other areas? How many Linux desktop-users do you know? And out of those, how many use "pure" distributions, like gNewSense? Shit, I upvoted you by mistake ... now I have to give a response. > Ok, why the poison? Maybe the owner simply wanted to do something cool. So doing something cool means intruding on other people's rights? The threshold must be getting really low these days. Really, people should start paying attention to the online world, and what does "property" mean in such a context. And if your online presence on a social network is so fragile (since, after all, Facebook is a business and the users don't really have lots of implicit rights) ... than there should be national campaigns against it (after all, your online profile being mismanaged could cause some people more harm than smoking, so why the discrimination?) ... not to mention that people think of Facebook as a "common carrier" which couldn't be further from the truth. Isn't it easier to just play nice and stop acting like a douche bag? > It's an URL, not a wife. It isn't just any URL, it's the link to your online profile. Your friends might have you bookmarked, Google might have you indexed by that URL. It's like saying domain names like "sex.com" aren't worth anything. Well they do. Actually this is a case of mixing up "IP" laws ... trade secrets are very different from patents, although patents were partly introduced to encourage companies to open up and to discourage the use of trade secrets. Anyway ... "proprietary" means just what it says ... "exclusively owned by someone" under a trademark, patent or as a trade secret. So to say that H.264 is proprietary is actually correct. On the other hand, H.264 is more open than Real Video, since you can get the specs of the format, an implementation is already available to you and the patents are currently reasonably licensed. That said, the concerns of Mozilla are valid ... we could end up in the same situation as with GIF and MP3 ... although I don't think Theora has any chances to take over since it's technically inferior and H.264 is already accepted as a defacto standard (mostly because of Flash). > And that is precisely my point — since you can never be entirely sure, using Theora (or VP6, or any other video codec for that matter) won't solve much in the long term. That's just silly. It's easier to defend against a submarine patent of which you knew nothing about, than to defend against MPEG-LA in case you just breached their license. Not to mention that nothing guarantees that you won't get sued with a submarine patent even when you have a legally licensed H.264 Plus ... we simply don't have too many patent threats that go to trial. The best case scenario would actually be for Theora to become a widely popular standard, and then for Mozilla to get sued for it ... the public needs such trials, and the supreme court of justice also needs such trials ... how else would could they realize that software patents are so dumb? The reality is that such threats are usually settled out of court. Not to mention that when a company has the resources and the trial goes public gathering lots of supporters, the patent troll tends to get screwed (see SCO vs Novell). My customizations all use jQuery anyway :) Ice Weasel is a Firefox modified by Debian maintainers. It's actually a good thing that they couldn't use the Firefox trademark ... since its rendering has been broken since a year ago when I first installed it (some problem related to Cairo or something like that) ... while Firefox downloaded from the official website worked fine. Not to mention that a lot of people get tricked into buying open-source software through various shareware websites, and the big problem with such services would be that browsers like Firefox get "enhanced" with spyware abilities, while branded as "Firefox". Such actions diminish the trust of users in the brand, so Mozilla has to have a way to prevent that. He does have a point about efficiency, or about delivering a single app ... but you also get those advantages with a Java, or a .NET, or even an Erlang or Haskell app which are reasonably efficient ... and still, you won't have to deal with segfaults. Also, if you want extreme scalability, like being able to serve 10000 requests/sec on a single server ... sorry, but raw performance doesn't cut it ... see this article for instance ... http://www.kegel.com/c10k.html . Not to mention that the most usual bottleneck is the database (how many apps can you build that doesn't use one?). So even if you build the fastest web server in the world, if you're using a RDBMS you're going to end up with 100 reqs/sec, unless you're sharding or caching that data. The bottom line is ... if you want extreme scalability, I don't think C++ is going to cut it, and you're going to invest a whole lot more in optimizations that are already done in more mature web frameworks. Well, unless you have Google's resources and skill. I'm pretty sure you haven't developed for DOS in the 90ties, otherwise you wouldn't be saying that. People that bitch and moan about HTML, CSS, Javascript and about choosing a (high-level) language/framework for server-side development ... should really try developing for DOS, having to deal with Turbo Pascal or C (since C++ in the early 90ties was a mess), having to drop to 286 or 386 assembler to do their job, having to deal with the conventional memory limitations, going through hoops choosing between extended and expanded memory, or having to deal with the protected 386 mode, and always having to reinvent the wheel because open-source practically didn't exist for DOS ... like writing their own windowing tookit, or simulate multi-threading / background workers with hardware interrupts. The truth of the matter is, we've never had it better. People bitching and moaning about web-dev are just conservatists ... but really, they should get over it since this is 2010, not 1992. > However, if you want to roll all that on your own, go right ahead You can't do that with native apps. You really don't have that choice, and while the browser is really capable, it means some precious functionality is out of reach ... like being able to handle the web-cam. > Apple is the biggest driving force behind open web standards and their implementation in WebKit. Oh, please. They took KHTML and invested some resources into it. Then it became a defacto standard for mobiles, because it remained LGPL, because KHTML was LGPL. Surely Apple is doing his part, but to call it "the biggest driving force behind open web standards" ... Jesus! Speaking of that, I guess you're not using Linux and have never encountered a page filled with Quicktime screencasts. And on Windows you have to buy a license to get full-screen? WTF is that? Sorry for the expression ... but driving force, my ass ;) Yes, and what bothers me with this scenario is that things can always go around ... what do people think it will happen when Apple is the one dominating? I can tell you one thing ... the Microsoft era will seem something like a golden-age. > If that is worth a tax of 8-9$/month will vary between users. And between teenagers who may or may not have access to dad's credit card, or between countries who may or may not have access to that program ;) This also means that a user won't be able to install some software with a single click ... he'll have to first go through the registration process, with a valid credit-card, and some time on his hands. I really don't know why people try to downplay this. If this model gets popular (and it already is to some extent because of the iPhone) ... devs and many regular users simply get proper fucked. I'll tell you what you'll miss in Rails ... the forms API in Django is as God intended to. In Rails forms are coupled with models ... and this was my biggest pain when tried it ... maybe someone can point out some equivalent module for Rails? When Apple licensed the Mac OS and Mac ROMs to third parties, in '94, the first clones hit the market in '95. The truth of the matter is, they did it too late, and when they did, their competition released Windows 95, and later Windows NT 4 ... which were seen as big improvements over their predecessors, and Mac OS 7 wasn't that great compared to Windows. Practically, it was too little, too late, and it only lasted until 97. I know you're thinking machine code must be better than byte-code, but that doesn't do any good, quite the opposite. With byte-code you can compile sections of code to machine-code, based on runtime profiling / type-inference (as the JVM does). With ahead-of-time compiling to machine code, you're probably going to end up with a serialization of the PHP code in the final executable, plus an interpreter :) > But ordinary, everyday people don't want to infer how a system works. They don't want to think scientifically, and they won't invest any effort in building a mental model of how the device really works. That's not true ... "everyday people" (whatever that means) always have a mental model of how something works (be it a computer, a car or a washing machine) ... that's how humans think, the problem is that their mental model is usually different from reality. And you can almost always put blame for this on the interface or on the education given to them. It's like you're saying I should know how the internals of my car works (lots of science in there too). Well I don't ... all I know is how to drive it, and I've had problems because of that ... but it's not like I care. If it ends up bugging me so much, I'll search for a smarter car. Regular users are lazy indeed ... some of them just don't get it, others are doing just fine for their day-to-day needs. Those that are doing fine, like my wife, tend to have a good teacher nearby ... so the only meaningful way of countering their laziness is through proper education. The implementations may differ, but the main use-cases are the same. So it's like comparing an apple to an orange when you want to choose a healthy supplement to your diet ;) You haven't contradicted my claim :-) ... meh, programmers. In case you're thinking Javascript games aren't possible ... http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/10-most-popular-iphone-web-game... I don't know why, but it's worth comparing it with ... http://code.google.com/ and http://www.microsoft.com/opensource/ I really can't put my finger on it, but the message from those pages kind of show what kind of companies they are ... * Apple doesn't care much, but here, a clean design with links to resources * Google is like ... hey, we're cool open-source people, come join * Microsoft is like ... "we partner with open source-based businesses and communities", bla, bla, here's a list of news Jeez, just let the market sort it out ... if the demand is really that high, Apple will just suck it and add Flash to the iPad. Otherwise stop your bitching, you can't win them all. The iPhone story is irrelevant in this context ... I don't think there are too many people wanting to play flash-games or to watch porn on that little screen ... especially since you need both hands to navigate its tiny browser ;) Their strong response to the iPad does show one thing though ... they are getting desperate and they are really afraid of HTML5. Open Access? That should be more like "convenient access". Open access is when the standard is open and has been implemented by third-parties. That's not Flash. Yeah, sorry ... I probably misread something, seeing now that I can't find a reference. So I removed that. The web didn't had at first a common format for images ... but now all modern browsers have support for GIF, JPEG, and PNG. And it was probably a smart move on their part to avoid political issues. Apple will add Theora support if the demand increases. Mozilla will add H.264 support when the IP-issues are cleared. Having a WYSIWYG editor for HTML5 or Laszlo is only a matter of popularity, since that would be a good business. And as a dev, trust me, you don't need one for Laszlo. Actually it's more like ... one drunk driver can cause one isolated accident (assuming his license is revoked, he learns his lesson or he's dead afterwards). One software bug can cause 10000. Yeah, well, the navigation bar on the left has links to some of their open-source projects and their web APIs, and on the right you have links to a bunch of videos, and their news links are targeted at developers ... I couldn't even read the stuff on Microsoft's page because it's full of weasel-words. Apple's page doesn't bother me much ... they have links to resources. They are efficient and don't pretend like they care :) > Drinking and driving is the bug, not any individual. Societies with access to alcohol and cars have that bug. That's rich. That's another way of saying ... societies with people in them have bugs. Yeah, my wife last night had a bug ... she kept wining that I work too much. If this escalates we'll probably end-up like other people getting divorced ... which could lead me into getting drunk and into a car crash. If people only automated those cars, I wouldn't have to worry about it. Problem is, that's not a bug I can fix ... next time I'll get some automated robot that doesn't mind me working so much ... hope she doesn't BSOD on me though. > We are limited in our ability to fix bugs of that kind. Banning alcohol would probably the wrong thing to do and probably no work. What might work is automating transportation. We can at least fix the bugs there. No, it would only give those people with God-syndrome some sense of control. that's cool, thanks ... I was wondering about that That's not what killed them ... * they sold SUN/Solaris servers, until the market started preferring cheap x86 stations with Linux installed * while their moto was "the network is the computer" since before anyone saw that, they failed to ride the cloud ... it happens with companies way before their time * they had a great start with Java applets but they weren't a company of creatives, like Macromedia/Adobe, and so they missed this opportunity * Eclipse and the whole open-source community around Java practically took away their ability to sell any Java related tools Open-sourcing Java was a good decision ... it was out of their control anyway. Open-sourcing Solaris was also a rational decision ... who would've used Solaris when Linux gives you almost everything Solaris does, and for free too? Open-sourcing Netbeans was the only way to compete with Eclipse ... look at IntelliJ ... even they decided it's not in their interest to keep the core closed. What they failed to do is to monetize these freebies with complementary commercial products. JavaFX is free? Cool ... why not sell a tool for designers that competes with the Adobe Flash environment? Solaris is free? Cool ... sell kick-ass development / management tools that are only available for Solaris. They also had the resources to pull something like Amazon's EC2 or Google's App Engine ... based on Solaris, Java and MySql. I wouldn've liked that, but they didn't Instead their bet was on support contracts. But big enterprises that go for this are going with IBM instead, which has a lot more resources. And small companies prefer to get their support from free online help channels, like IRC/mailing-lists. For the invaders, it's mostly their choice to be out there on the ground ... for the defenders, it's not ... so maybe people in the army should understand if the natives are a little pissed off. After all, those bombs they've sent probably killed a lot of innocent people. Google only has one channel that produces money right now ... AdSense. All their released products are complementary to it ... in fact, I don't know of a single product that isn't. So you can draw an analogy here ... Microsoft held to its cash-cows (Windows, Office) for too long, although they are showing incremental success in other areas ... like the XBox. Google may get to that point where AdSense will start making them irrelevant, and then they'll be in the same situation. All big companies face this. Even Apple ... if you'll look closer, they are far too focused on their iTunes Store. And when a cash-cow starts to become irrelevant, although it's still profitable, it's a tough decision to let go. Sorry, but many companies are using the Exchange/Office combination simply because there isn't anything better. Also, while many developers are preferring Unix-like OSes, customers actually want Windows. It's what they know and it works well for them. Another example would be their developer tools ... which are quite well integrated with each other. I have seen many (good) devs that wouldn't dream working without Visual Studio, and if you get a MSDN subscription, the resources offered are top-notch. Myself I wouldn't touch any of that, since I can't stand working with Windows servers, but if they made their tools multi-platform, I would switch without blinking. > they're not really thinking about what people need And since when do people really need iPods / iPads or whatever else comes out of Apple? Actually I think Microsoft does a pretty good job about what people need ... but they aren't particularly good at anticipating what people want . > adoption of Vista, Windows 7, and Office 2007 has been (anecdotally) pretty negligible. That's because Win XP and Office 2003 are good enough. That also spells trouble for their would-be competitors. If someone doesn't upgrade his XP box to Windows 7, do you think it's more likely he'll buy a Mac instead? I don't think so. And while web-apps are all the rage these days ... it sounds to me a lot like Sun's marketing campaign for Java or for the NC. I don't see a web-app replacing Office, even if it's powered by Google. Funny thing happened yesterday ... went to my local library to get some books, and the bookkeeper couldn't give me those books to me because their Internet connection went down, and their accounting was done with a web-app ... cursing and screaming in the process. > We're there to stop safe havens for terrorist groups from being set up by the Taliban, a group that was formed in and supported by Pakistan. These people, including Al-Qaeda, where receiving funds from the US (with the help of Pakistan no doubt) to support their struggle against the soviets. The Taliban's origins are in Afghanistan, which was later abandoned ... which is regrettable, since the aid it needed for building schools and hospitals was a only a fraction of the money already spent in warfare by the US. I guess this is what you get when you're having the God syndrome. If you're going to interfere with other people's business, at least do it right. > Even now it's looking like they could become a major player in not just music distribution but other media (books, video) distribution as well. This is where I disagree ... they are doing the same mistake Microsoft did. Right now to develop apps for your iPhone, you need a commercial SDK for which you pay $99 and that only works on Mac OS X. Do you know how much of a PITA this is? I am on an NDA and I can't give details about what I'm doing right now, but believe me ... dealing with iPhone is the ugliest of all mobile platforms. When your distribution channel is tied to your software platform, that's when it's starting to smell. When you also have lots of rules about what gets in, that's a first sign it is not sustainable ... throughout the history businesses have always been interested in eliminating the middle-men. That's one reason web-apps are getting so popular. And now here comes the iPad, which promises to do for books what iPod did for music. I'm failing to see how this will work, since Amazon is already there, and I can't picture myself watching movies on a tablet. But maybe Jobs knows what he's doing, I really don't know ... what I do know is that my colleagues that were ecstatic about iPhones are now switching to Nexus Ones and Druids. And the iPhone used to be cool, now it's just popular ... the only reason we are supporting the hell of the App Store approval process. Compatibility isn't broken between XP to 7 ... only certain apps that used unofficial APIs. And for those you can use its "XP mode" (built on top of Virtual PC). Personally I've had few problems with Win 7, granted I only use it on my home computer. Apple breaks compatibility a lot more often, like every two years. I'm pretty tired of hearing reasons about why Flash isn't included ... and while I'm happy for HTML5, it's pretty sad that Apple doesn't give this choice to its customers. To make matters worse, I don't think Apple allows modifications to Safari on the App Store. The web was built on top of such technologies (Java, Flash, ActiveX) and while all of them where a PITA in the long run, back then it was the only way to work-around the browser's limitations ... competitive third-parties are driving innovation, not standards, and definitely not monopolies. Imagine if Microsoft controlled what software gets installed on people's computers ... today we wouldn't have had neither Java, or Flash, or Firefox, or HTML5 for that matter, and AJAX would have been a second class citizen. I don't want such a future. Of course, I trust the market enough to make the proper choice when the time comes. People aren't stupid, and unfortunately for control freaks, the genie is already out for openness. But it saddens me to see such positive reactions from people that benefited so much from openness (like DHH). Even with all the viruses, spyware and spam flying around, it's still a better present that what could've been if the PC was locked. Yes - see QT Jambi. Unfortunately not many Java devs are interested in it. Care to explain? From what I remember, Java and then Flash were used extensively for games (ever since Netscape incorporated Java applets), and XmlHttpRequest originated in ActiveX, which was and is still is used extensively for corporate-intranet apps. The kindergarten my wife works for uses web-cams with an ActiveX app that's transmitting live images to parents (in 2010). And streaming audio/video really happened with Flash, although it was possible with Java applets and ActiveX. In my country we have saying ... it's like you haven't eaten garlic, and your mouth doesn't stink. IMHO, ActiveRecord sucked the most ... form validations coupled to models, no lazy queries ... and after working with Django's models and Perl's DBIx::Class it was my biggest pain when trying Rails. Anyway, great job ... Rails 3 seems awesome :) Question ... is there documentation / tutorials written for Rails 3? Why the down-vote? > they'll get looked by the masses as as a monopoly-maker or as a company that stifles outside development. Well, they are. I saw a Nexus One the other day on one of my colleagues ... it's pretty awesome. Has aprox. the same size as an iPhone, and the apps are really OK. The only thing missing is multi-touch because of Apple's patent, but I didn't saw much of a difference ... and apparently you can activate multi-touch support. It's a pretty cool phone ... if iPhone wasn't the first to come out, the Nexus One would be an instant hit. Unfortunately being as good as the iPhone is not enough, but its real strength will be its openness ... for example you can install Flash on it :) Or maybe he ended-up here by accident. Yay, the "works on my machine" syndrome ... love it :-) If you don't have the resources for fixing old known bugs, then you should remove backwards compatibility, especially since bugs are caused by buffers/stack overflows / segmentation faults ... which could lead to unauthorized code executed on your machine. How else do you think botnets are made? Yeah, but I built a CMS with it in 2 days. Everything you need to get it up and running is already built-in (contrib.flatpages, contrib.comments, authentication, admin, I18N), and for more advanced functionalities ... FeinCMS, django-mptt, Pinax, and there are also already built CMSs available. Personally I was blown away when I integrated django-mptt in my project, with a custom admin page from FeinCMS to edit a tree of links. As a warning to newbies ... you have to be a programmer to use it. It's not a clicky-click experience as with Wordpress or Joomla. But it has a clear advantage ... for a developer it's extremely flexible (in contrast, customizing a Drupal website left me with scars :)). > "Hacker" folks need to understand that software is just a tool for business and consumers to use to get shit done; it's not an end on itself. You're saying it like "hacker folks" are the only ones with this "misconception". When Graham Bell invented the telephone, or when Thomas Edison invented the radio, or when Einstein developed the relativity theory, or when Benjamin Franklin did research on electricity ... guess these guys where all thinking ... "what tools to make for businesses and consumers to get shit done". Yeah, that makes lots of sense :) It is, but Apple is using patents to prevent others from using these gestures. I'm actually surprised they activated this on the Android. I worked there ... lots of people are using Macs inside Adobe, including people in upper-management. I also own a 2 year old MacBook Pro, and while I did had some problems with some badly written advertisements, in general Flash works fine (including video on Youtube) ... although HD content is not rendered as well as on my home Windows box ... but it's watchable ... I watched The Office on Hulu and it was OK ;) This whole thing reminds of the browser wars, only now it's between 3 camps ... the freetards, Adobe's fanboys and Apple's fanboys. I found myself to be in all 3 camps, depending on my mood :) It's not a bike-shed issue. Surely the other features are great, and Python has lots of powerful abstractions. But once you have closures with a light-weight syntax, as Ruby has, the APIs start to look a lot more different. For example, take this example ... v = [ x for x in collection if x % 2 == 0 ] for item in v: print item In Ruby the equivalent would be ... collection.find_all{|x| x % 2 == 0}.each do |item| puts item end Yes, the Python example is elegant, but Ruby doesn't need extra baked-in features like list-comprehensions. It doesn't need a bunch of other features as well, like generators, or generator expressions, or with statements. There are a lot of PEPs in Python that cover use-cases for Ruby's blocks, trouble is there are still use-cases that aren't covered. Guido is partially right though ... adding blocks in Python wouldn't be pythonic because blocks wouldn't be orthogonal with lots of other Python features. They should've been added from the start, and now it's kind of late. For the "resource acquisition is initialization" technique, you are limiting yourself to a reference-counting garbage collector, or to manual or stack allocation/deallocation (like in C++), otherwise you can't have a deterministic behavior. For example this technique wouldn't be possible on a virtual machine like the JVM or .NET. Yes, you could say something like "when a variable goes out of scope, you need to call the dispose method on the object". But what happens in a case like this? ... { open my $fileh, ' add_file_handle($fileh); } The intention here is to preserve the file-handle in $another_object. So what happens? Is $fileh closed when going out of scope? Or is another file handle opened when the reference is copied? Really, it's not really clear when the handle is closed. Not like in C++ anyway. And Perl is a really bad example, what would really be needed is something like the "use statement" we have in F# ... { use fileh = File.OpenText(path); ... } But this is a special form. And that's the trouble ... Ruby's blocks solve a lot of problems that are solved in other languages with special forms (not that F# doesn't have closures or anonymous blocks). Since, I'm running on Linux, I don't have a native IExplorer 6/7/8 installed ... fortunately other people thought about virtualization and emulators. > Yes. And you can also develop malware and give it away on your own website. Yeah, and doing sex with random strangers is as dangerous ... you never know what you're going to get. That's why I'm a proponent of Sex licenses, given by state institutions after testing your general health, your mental health and the quality of your DNA ... people without a license shouldn't be allowed to have sex, to work in public institutions (since that's where people fuck around the most), or to leave town without notifying the proper authorities. > But for a lot of people out there, the experience on the net is full of suckiness, because they don't have all the knowledge that you do. That's not my experience with regular-users, and I've been around such people a lot. The experience when dealing with a computer in general is full of "suckiness" ... I saw people that can't use GMail because the left-menu which contains "inbox" and "sent" plus the top search-bar is somehow counterintuitive to them. So the IPhone/IPad experience can't change that with flashy buttons / pinch to zoom, although it is somewhat an improvement to regular interfaces (for phones at least, I have yet to see a study which argues that the iPhone interface is more intuitive or productive that your average Windows PC). But other than that, the Internet experience is as good as possible ... when searching on Google for a definition, more often than not the first result is from Wikipedia (which contains articles edited by many regular non-tech users). When wanting to contact old friends, I see many people not having trouble with Facebook. Surely some may be mislead by "the Facebook of Sex" by ending up in the wrong place, but I never see people stupid enough to not figure out something's different and that's not Facebook. When wanting to read online newspapers, I never see people wondering were to find the desired newspaper, or how to click on a story-link. Surely, there are lots of wannabes out there, that's why as an online newspaper you still need marketing to grow your brand. Email / IM are also 2 services that are used a lot. I don't see people having trouble using Yahoo's IM (and in my country, everybody with an Internet connection and his dog has a YIM account). Email is kind of tricky in a way ... to send emails to multiple people, they never use the BCC field, and that's a PITA sometimes, but it's not like their end-goal isn't reached. So, when making such assertions, please provide references to studies ;) It's because they don't know how those tools work, and assume that the academic staff is incompetent enough to let slip a homework with variables/methods/classes names changed. Unfortunately for such students, since we are talking about source-code which has a parsable grammar, such a tool usually does pattern matching directly on the syntax-tree, and it's not the names of the nodes that are relevant, but the tree's structure, and a single routine copied from somewhere can give you away. But even if some of them realize it, they still try (since the effort of changing everything to pass the screening can be greater than the effort of doing it yourself) with a wishful thinking ... I don't know about Stanford, but it really depends on the teacher that's reviewing the homework, since many of them don't use such tools. I imagine that in the future we'll also have such tools for essays / natural language, making it easier to detect plagiarism ... I'm suspecting PhD awards will drop :) Open-source has created more clones than any single company, and it keeps on cloning. And yet software companies that actually provide value aren't going out of business any time soon. If Google really starts cloning everything, the way Microsoft is trying, they'll start losing the focus on their core values. As a result, their products will be inferior ... their resources are limited after-all. Don't believe me? They have a social network for quite some time ... see http://www.orkut.com ... do you see it competing against Facebook? They also have a Wikipedia competitor ... knol.google.com ... do you see it overtaking Wikipedia? But I do remember what my online-life was like before Google Search / GMail / Google Maps ... I used AltaVista and the first page of results was always full of junk. I used Yahoo Mail that had a slow interface, and only something like ~ 50 MB of storage ... I still have that account (using it for YIM) and it's practically unusable (their spam filters are crap ... in contrast with 2 GMail accounts + 2 Google Apps accounts that are doing just fine). Google Apps is also really valuable ... I can have my email setup for my domain in a couple of hours, for free, having all the goodies of GMail. I'm also using Google Translate ... which is really kick-ass sometimes (I'm not a native English speaker, and my native language isn't really popular, but Google Translate knows about it ;)) I'm also using Google Docs and Google Calendar ... Docs because it's there (came with Google Apps) and Calendar because it is intuitive and it is sending me SMS messages for free, plus my wife can see my schedule without me having to give her my password :) Android and Chrome are 2 products launched to increase competition. I'm a Firefox user, but Chrome is so fast and so stable that it leaves Firefox in the dust ... I'd use it, but some Firefox-specific features are missing. And Android is the open-source mobile-OS we needed ... polished, backed by a strong brand, with a good SDK, and online-store. I don't really think it's debatable whether Google provides value or not ... they clearly do. And what's "innovation" anyway? Of course you're not going to see revolutionary ideas. That's why patents are so absurd. But if you're fear-mongering about freebies, it means you're not providing enough value to justify your sales. That happens with products introducing revolutionary ideas ... people don't quite get it ;) Wave is probably ahead of its time, and also suffers from a poor user interface. I have lots of friends that are regular users, sending crappy content to each other via email ... like funny clips and stupid jokes. They don't even use BCC or a mail-list so it's not uncommon to see an email sent to 40 addresses at once, all there in the "To" header :) IMHO, this is genius. The way Google throws products on the market to increase competition for the benefit of its core products ... it's genius. Are there any other companies that do this? Yes I know about that strategy ... but Google's means are different. When they release a freebie (like Chrome or Android), they force their new competitors in that market to follow their lead. The browser's speed, instability and lack of proper standards implementations hurts them? ... so they release a super optimized browser with a clear design and with tabs running in their own process. Now Firefox, Opera and Safari (at least) will follow. The mobile-market is too closed and becoming more so? So they release Android, a pseudo-open OS with an online-store that has more relaxed rules. And I'm pretty sure they don't need an Android-monopoly (as Microsoft is trying with everything they release) to achieve their goals. Their strategy is not (directly) for increased lock-in (as Microsoft does) ... it's more for eliminating distribution channels / middle-men that might get in their way on reaching customers. Conservatives don't get it that advancements in technology have the tendency to make censorship laws impracticable. In this particular case, you friends can always order e-books, and in case your credit-card transactions are tracked, you can always find pirated versions and download them through an encrypted connection. And what's ironic is that the censorship of a book makes it a lot more popular that it would've been otherwise. What next? Plant a chip in every human being that triggers on certain patterns of the brain's electrical impulses? I'm pretty sure there's going to be a crack for that. I don't think they worry about that since they'll always have a huge following. And I think this has more to do with the Catholic Church's stand on contraception and abortions. The advantage when working with Smalltalk is that your application is alive, all your objects are alive ... it's like working in "irb" or "ipython", but with a true IDE that can do all sorts of things. An exception got thrown? The code browser takes you to the method that did it. You fix the error, and repeat the action that triggered the exception, and since the application doesn't completely die, you only need to repeat the last step. It's crazy ... with the obvious disadvantage that it's hard to export / import source-code. That's why frameworks are distributed as already built images. If you don't know your customers needs, you have no way of doing efficient "site optimization / keyword optimization". The lesson everyone should take home is this ... for any buck you spend on marketing / sales / R&D, you need to have feedback (OK, so you've spent $2000 on Google Ads ... but what's the ROI on that?). Can you measure that return? If not, it's money going down the drain (startup or not). What do you mean? Classes are in some sense like objects, meaning they can hold their own state, but there is no notion of meta-classes like in Smalltalk. The class in the JVM is like a module that holds functions and attributes. And the JVM byte-code is very class-centric. The objects themselves are probably not what you think they are. The JVM currently has no notion of "call method next() on object O" ... that's done with something like ... invoke_virtual Enumerable.next(obj). The bytecode "invoke_virtual" is responsible for doing the single-dispatching (subtype-polymorphism) at runtime, otherwise it looks just like an invoke_static ... so the compiler is crucial for generating the correct byte-code, because the class has to be known at runtime ;) Sure you can ... object.sendMessage(messageName) ;) Or for already built classes ... see java.lang.reflect.Method Personally if I were to choose, I'd trade some syntactic sugar for a decent garbage-collector. But that's just me :) I bought the book and read it (a year and a half ago) immediately after watching that podcast. It's the best book a young entrepreneur can read ... there's isn't a universal recipe for success (it's actually funny that in Founders@Work the interviewees often have contradictory view-points), but you can learn a lot from it. Only calm and reasonable people should be listened to? Of course she's having issues. We all do. That's how it is in the real world ;) ... and some of us are extroverts, sharing our feelings with others. But it doesn't mean that if I have a message for Fred, everybody should read it ... and normal people don't know how to protect themselves, that's why this whole trend on "public by default" taken by Google and others is so worrying. Can you hand-write with your fingers? It may be a natural fit for the iPad, but it isn't a natural fit for humans. Wasn't that the whole point of the iPad? I also look at my dad's fingers, which have enough thickness that he can't comfortably press buttons on smaller devices. I have girlish hands :) so I can manage it, but really ... you're actually implying that we should throw away hundreds of years of using a pen? Normal people can't touch-type ... and you also can't write on your laptop while standing on your feet. I really don't see why we are arguing here. Of course it's Java's fault ... sure, you can design clean and easy-to-use APIs but it takes a considerable amount of effort and Java doesn't help you. I simply don't get some of its design choices ... operator overloading is not harmful if implemented right, checked exceptions were a bad idea, and why can't it have local type inference or proper closures and why can't developers define their own stack-allocated primitives? Where these really that hard or dangerous to blend in? > Mac users deal with it because they have to Actually it's their choice to have it installed or not. You do have a point about TFA not showing the Good Parts, but I disagree with the following ... > highlighting the JVM as a strength of Java feels weak since most of his argument focused on a call to arms to get people to host more dynamic languages on top of the JVM. This is hardly a strength of Java. It is a strength ... the JVM is state of the art. And when using JRuby or Closure, you have the advantage of dropping to Java for bottlenecks / use Java libraries ... and this is huge. > while he mentions that open source really mattered when it came to Java's evolution ... Java is in many ways falling behind direct competitors like C# The language yes, but the open-source ecosystem around Java is definitely a huge advantage that can't be balanced with the goodies of C#. > If you're talking about free Flash games the obvious competition would be free iPhone games which Apple makes no money off of. If you're talking about ad-supported Flash games then the competition would be ad-supported iPhone games, which Apple makes no money off of. Apple may not get any money on freebies, but those freebies are still distributed through the iTunes Store, you still need to pay the $99 entrance fee, and you still have to own a Mac to develop iPhone software. That's control they are going to great lengths to keep. Those simple text files you mention all have a different syntax. And I've never seen a usable Samba or Apache configuration GUI ... wonder why that is. You're also talking about /etc ... which is go-rw, and user configuration files are all over $HOME. > Most conf files are one of a few common formats That's not my experience. Considering that a majority of HTC phones (the champion of Android) are WinMo, and you can also find (recent) WinMo phones from Samsung, LG, Acer and Motorola ... your assertion is out of sync with reality. Historically yes, WinMo phones suck ... one of my uncles (who's a truck driver ... i.e. a normal person ... has one) and I hated it from the first second I touched it, but he's happy with it. And I once owned an HP iPaq, which was a lot more useful than an iPhone. I wouldn't underestimate the power of Microsoft, or the number of .NET developers who would want to go mobile if WinMo 7 is a success. They only need focus, and sometimes they can pull it off. PyPy has a lot of potential, but it won't be usable in the near future, and it will certainly not die since it's primary goal is to implement Python in Python (or come as close as possible). And consider they haven't reached the speed of CPython (which by all means, it's slow) although the project started in 2004. Surely if they'll get there, it will be awesome, but in the meantime there's no reason to not take a more pragmatic approach. On the other hand, Unladen Swallow is using LLVM, which may create the necessary tools for LLVM to be a suitable VM for dynamic languages (versus the JVM / CLR). I consider this to be exciting news actually ... Python 3 doesn't offer me much, and I won't switch to a less supported Python version unless I have a bigger incentive (right now I'm happy with Python 2.6). Maybe Unladen Swallow won't be able to achieve it's goals (5x faster), but if it's 3x faster with only a reasonable increase in memory consumption, than it's worth it. nr of visits != nr of visitors ... and the later is more important to me. That's because working on Gnash is forbidden by Flash's EULA. Bummer ... I'm a nerd that smokes ... guess I'll die soon without being cool. > If your life really sucks, then you could say "well, it could get worse, look at those kids in haiti. I should be happy for what I have, and hey, my life doesn't suck that much in comparison. " You're saying it like that's a bad thing ... I know people that have everything they ever wanted, and are still unhappy (including my parents). > I spent months trying to build an easy-to-replicate django environment Really? What problems did you encountered? sudo aptitude install apache2 libapache2-mod-wsgi \ mysql-server-5.0 python-mysqldb python-django Or if you want more flexibility in regards to available packages ... sudo aptitude install python-pip python-virtualenv virtualenv ~/django-env pip -E ~/django-env install Django source ~/django-env/bin/activate And yeah, you still need to configure an app.wsgi and the site in /etc/apache2/sites-available, but it doesn't take longer than 20 minutes the first time, and then you can easily replicate it (personally I have a little script written by me that does the configuration). Just cargo-cult the stuff in here ... http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/howto/deployment/modwsg... Amazon's correlations aren't done in real time, and I don't get why it would be an issue using MySql for it. Maybe it is for Amazon which got plenty of data to analyze, but not for a startup. Personally I don't trust NoSql solutions because they aren't mature enough. I've had little problems using MySql/Postgres and never had loss of data ... and I can always come up with a non-relational scheme latter built on top ... when I really need it. The other problem I've had with Nosql is that capabilities vary from implementation to implementation, and my software really evolves a lot ... I don't know what my needs are from the start. I've also used MySql instead of Memcached successfully for a website with tens of millions of hits per day, preferring it because Memcached crashes on me a lot and there are big differences between versions I don't want to worry about ... and yeah, I know async reads are problematic with Mysql/Postgres, but I just threw a web service in front of it, and when using the Memory storage engine it really kicks ass. I view it as a tradeoff ... the ability to chdir to the package's directory and look directly at the source-code is priceless to me. The alternative would be a GAC like .NET does, but then you need packages that are compiled in a single file with metadata attached. And you also need to attach to your app a configuration file that says which versions it uses. And in Python the package's name can be relative to the directories loaded in sys.path, a very useful trait, and you also kind of lose that. So Python's package system is more simple / brainless. And you can get by just fine with stuff like virtualenv. Basically in the WSGI file (which is just python code) you need to insert the virtual-env site packages in sys.path, with something like this ... virtenvdir = '/path/to/virtual-env/lib/python2.5/site-packages/' import sys if virtenvdir not in sys.path: sys.path.insert(0, virtenvdir) > Basically I think Python really needs something like 'gem' Huh? Does RubyGems manage versions? In Ruby you have the same issues as with Python ... you still have a RUBYPATH and you still need to manually manage versions. What 'gem' indeed does ... it can upgrade or delete installed gems ... and in Python the available utilities (easy_install and pip) don't. But that's actually OK IMHO. In Python for pip-installed packages ... you just delete the package's directory or egg file. The conventions for Python's packages really help here. And RubyGems is the nightmare of sys-admins. If you want a really good (maintainable / replicable) production setup, you need to use the standard package utilities of your OS ... e.g. aptitude and .deb packages for Debian/Ubuntu. Otherwise you'll encounter conflicts between aptitude and /var/lib/gems all the f *ing time. So no ... a good production setup is either using stuff like aptitude, which can manage external dependencies and can warn you against version conflicts ... or with a locally deployed site-packages (with stuff like virtualenv or sandbox for Ruby). Rubygems is just a hack useful for the developer's localhost (the 'gem' utility, not the indexed repository of packages ... that's really useful, but Python has that with Pypi) It's not for you to decide what down-voting is for. Some people don't like lies, other people don't like off-topic posts, other people don't like fallacies, and other people just don't have time to write a disagreement post ... especially if the assertions made in the down-voted comment aren't worth bothering with. And if down-voting should have a purpose ... then it should definitely be for filtering out people not in HN's demographic. Artificially limiting the capabilities of the hardware (people pay for) with the interest of keeping control, can't possibly be in the same league as "shiny toys that don't do exactly what you want". People also lose the perspective of scaling the current trends set by Apple and others to everything ... what would happen if all the documents within your computer would be DRMed? What would happen if all personal PCs had software only approved by a central authority? SciFi? They are already releasing a bigger iPhone who's functionality overlaps that of tablets / small laptops. Also, before search engines that are censoring the results in China ... we had nothing comparable. You're also free to implement your own search-engine and index all the web-pages Google does ... but try creating a phone that connects to the iTunes store and that can run iPhone apps ;) I don't get how they can change the Internet and get the rest of the world to build on this "new" infrastructure (and they really need the rest of the world to follow suit in order for it to work) ... unless it means separating the US from the rest of us. On one hand, the US has the largest market for web applications. On the other hand, Europe, Japan and China at least are fast growing markets that may surpass the US in the future ... so I'm pretty sure many US entrepreneurs will move their businesses overseas. So don't worry about it, it will be just like the Copenhagen negotiations, if not worse :) Not to mention that I don't think they have the technical skills to pull it of (the Internet itself was spawned by some of the brightest minds of the 20th century). > all electrical appliances are approved by UL You sort of prove my point ... there isn't a market in improving/modifying electrical appliances by third parties ... especially since they also come with an EULA nowadays. > To get to drive in the US, everyone is approved by their State. That's not the same ... the government is (theoretically) working for the people. Getting a license is required for driving on public roads only ... and they do that to insure that the public roads are safe within reason. The difference here is one of great importance ... the government is (theoretically) trying it's best to give licenses as non-discriminatory as possible. And if they aren't doing a good job at that, you can fight back. Yeah, everybody knows that Apple invented PCs, OSes, GUI interfaces, word processors and everything else. Microsoft would've never succeeded without copying stuff ... contrary to other people's beliefs, the backing of IBM didn't help one bit. Patents where created to replace trade secrets. If an idea is so fucking-obvious in hindsight that you don't need the patent's description to re-implement it, than that shouldn't be patentable. Yeah, Apple did a great job designing the UI ... but sooner or later somebody else would've done it anyway. 10 years ago I owned an HP iPaq ... with a big screen, a stylus, wifi, sound input/output and no physical keyboard. Sooner or later somebody would've thought to add GSM capabilities to it and replace that stylus with fingers. Apple did it first, and they have a great sense for aesthetics ... but this whole suing stuff is ridiculous. I was kind of feeling sorry for them when Nokia sued (and I'm pretty sure Nokia has patents more enforceable than Apple does). Well ... you should be grateful that the stack you're using doesn't suck so much. Python/Django is a piece of cake to work with, and it has many extensibility points (stays out of your way), while also giving you lots of stuff for free. Ever worked with Spring / Hibernate / Struts / EJBs / Oracle? If pain should have a definition when related to programming, then that's it. Actually you could say that functions in C# have been first-class since version 2.0. We of course need to define what first-class is ... if it's the ability to have higher-order functions, than 2.0 fits. C# 3.0 only adds a light-weight syntax for anonymous delegates plus the really kick-ass ability to get a syntax tree of that method instead of the method's reference (on which Linq is based) ... and I really wish other languages add this capability (it was possible in Ruby 1.8.x, but it's not anymore in Ruby 2.0). Python kicks ass in regard to first-class functions ... and it leverages that ability with decorators. People using other languages go through great pain to have AOP capabilities (for example), but in Python it only takes like 10 minutes to add a couple of utilities to do whatever you want. The only frustration I have with it is the lack of multi-line anonymous blocks, but Python is so flexible you can add that using "with" block hacks, like described here ... http://billmill.org/multi_line_lambdas.html Also, once you understand dynamic-scoping ... it's really not that big of a deal to deal with the situation described above. It's just different. I like the lexical-scoping in Perl as it prevents all kinds of errors ... but in Python I have real exception-handling, and a kick-ass debugger console just by adding "import ipdb; ipdb.set_trace()" anywhere I want. I don't think people should take Yegge seriously without a grain of salt. Yeah, he's a good writer and I've read all of its blog-posts ... but he seems like the kind of programmer that's always discontented with the status-quo, always looking for that next big language, always relentlessly looking for tools that will make programming fun again ... and that particular article seems to me a lot like wishful thinking. And guess what ... you won't find much happiness in switching languages, unless the culture around it favors simplicity and getting things done (and your previous community didn't). That's why Lisp is almost dead. Also, Javascript may become popular on the server-side, but that's only because browsers are stuck in the past, while becoming more and more relevant to the future. But give developers the choice of multiple languages ... and I'm pretty sure Javascript will fade away to a niche. Incidentally, you can play with Ruby and Python in the browser right now ... it requires Silverlight/Moonlight, but it's pretty cool and gives some glimpse in what the future should look like. And then what? Have a committee that standardizes Webkit and talk about what features are in and what features are out? No thanks, I'd prefer them to keep their own fucked-up engine that slowly loses market-share. > is also the only one of the three to have real anonymous functions What are you talking about? I actually like the approach in Ruby, because the syntax for passing a single anonymous block (which corresponds to 90% of all cases) is really light and people have used it practically for adding syntax to Ruby. What differentiates Ruby from Javascript (or Python for that matter) is that when defining a function using regular syntax, its name is not a variable referring that function in the scope it was declared ... what Python and Javascript are doing. And that's a trade-off that some people like it, because in Ruby you can call a function without parens and it doesn't really get in your way when wanting to do crazy shit with already declared functions. On Python, it may not have anonymous functions, but it has true first-class functions and true closures. It's only a problem for async code because you want to have the declaration of a closure after you see the call-site that's using that closure, not before it. But in practice that's not so awful ... and if you really really want multi-line anonymous blocks there are hacks you can do with the "with" block. In this regard Javascript is cleaner, but it is messier in other places. I don't like that its a loosly-typed language for instance (haven't we had enough of that?). I don't like that it doesn't provide class-based OOP ... and while you can build it on top of prototypes, it's a PITA not having a standard. And class-based OOP is mapped better to the way we think, having a bad reputation only because a couple of popular languages have plagued us with bad implementations ... but people should really take a look at Smalltalk before throwing the baby out with the bathwater. Their business isn't free to operate and that's their point ... a business is run by people that have families and need a regular income. > Imagine running a restaurant where the food is free, and your business model is getting a cut of the mariachi band's tips. I would like such a restaurant and would gladly give the mariachi a tip. What I definitely wouldn't do is go there with a smug on my face as if it's my right to eat there for free. I don't use ad-blocking at all ... websites that get too offensive I just stop visiting. Tried an ad-blocker for a month ... but with an ad-blocker active it's harder to punish the bad guys, while rewarding the respectful businesses. And flashy advertising is also a good indicator for (the lack of) quality. If it stops working for publishers, they'll move more and more to a subscription-based model, and we will see a bigger push for DRMed content, not to mention that the Internet will probably stop being used as a distribution channel for professional journalism. Then don't use that service, or pay a subscription that frees you from watching ads. When wanting to use your own engine instead of V8 ... it's not always NIH. They have developers on board familiar with the TraceMonkey codebase. They have developers from Adobe helping out with the Tamarin codebase. That's inside knowledge they would lose and it's debatable if on the long term V8 will deliver ... yes, right now it's the fastest, but is it the fastest approach? Outsourcing a vital component of a project to another open-source project that's younger and hasn't proven its long-term viability should certainly be taken with a lot of care. Personally I'm pretty happy with Firefox. The only thing bothering me is the single-process model, versus the one process per tab of Chrome, but I'm pretty sure they'll fix that pretty soon. Sounds like a bad idea to me too ... but apparently X64 TCO on CLR 2 was considered an optimization, not something that changes the semantics ... so the DEBUG/RELEASE split has always been in there, and now it's a matter of backwards compatibility ... since it can change the stack-trace and in DEBUG-mode you expect the full trace. It seems to me that the TailCallHelper is just a trampoline ... the method wanting to do a tail call places on the stack a reference to the next method to be called + it's arguments, returns, and then TailCallHelper calls it. So yeah ... you have a guarantee, but it's also using stack space, so you have to watch-out for big arguments lists, because that may overflow the stack. If an optimization means that an algorithm reaches the desired result or not, that's not an optimization anymore. def fact(n, r=1): if n == 1: return r return fact(n-1, r * n) Regardless of any available stack-space you may have, for the above method (which can be tail-call optimized) try calculating fact(1000000). If that's the requirement, then without TCO this implementation is incorrect. It's hard salvaging a shipwreck after Scott McNealy was done with it ;) And regardless of any merits Jonathan had while CEO at SUN (starting 2006), under his guidance we've got open-source Java and OpenSolaris, not to mention increased focus on other open-source products like OpenOffice. So for the rest of us developers, it was a bigger win than anything Apple did from 2006 until now. Also, your comment got "fanboy" written all over it. Project Looking Glass, while certainly inspired by current UIs, it was definitely not a clone ... pretty innovative actually, although it wasn't usable yet. You can take a look at a demo here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXv8VlpoK_g In terms of IP, Sun had pretty big cojones ... while the number of patents they got was certainly smaller than Microsoft's, their arsenal touched practically anything you can think of in our field. So yeah, he's the big stud who "faced down Steve Jobs and Bill Gates". If you want to critique something, disagree with what he's saying, since ad hominems add nothing of value and are insipid / rude / a waist of time for everybody reading. Then how come portable consoles from Nintendo / Playstation can support like 5-10 hours of usage? The value in Google Apps is that you can integrate with Google's services. And apparently they are going to great lengths, like in GMail where you can add your own contextual objects (like they did with GMaps). But this is only for companies that are willing to switch to Google Apps. Not to mention ~ 1000 following, when I can't even follow tweats from ~ 25 people. Meh .. by the time Eclipse boots up, and by the time you load your project in Eclipse, I'm already in-the-flow with tickets read / 5 files open / the project running on my localhost. Besides, it's not like it's a primitive environment ... when I want some API discovery/learning or when I want to do some debugging (or both) ... I open up an interactive shell. I have Textmate-like snippets setup in my Emacs, and for CRUD-stuff I bet I'm ten times more efficient than you (and adding new snippets is a piece of cake ... not to mention that we share them company wide because they are text-files in our SVN). When wanting "rename" refactoring, commands with grep/find/sed are already hardwired in my brain. And nothing beats editors like Vim/Emacs on pure text-editing efficiency. Also, good luck using your favorite IDE when trying out a new language ;) So you can cringe all you want, some of us are quite happy with just text-editors. That's because most developers accustomed to giving away code under open-source are using Linux/FreeBSD or something similar ... as you're more likely to participate in a gift economy when other people / companies are generous to you. So when Windows is not your primary target, for an open-source project is just a nice-to-have (that's why many projects look/behave like ass on Windows, and this isn't mentioned in the report). Personally I wouldn't mind for those developers on Microsoft-platforms to contribute more. It would mean more open-source for everybody. But culture matters a lot and I don't see this happening too soon. "Unix and C are the ultimate computer viruses." http://www.jwz.org/doc/worse-is-better.html And unfortunately that culture is directly damaging the open-source ecosystem on Windows. For instance the author of Paint.NET (a former open-source project) started releasing only binaries because some individual ripped off his work, taking all the credits (in breach of its license), and probably bundling it with spyware / charging money for it ... http://blog.getpaint.net/2007/12/04/freeware-authors-beware-... http://blog.getpaint.net/2009/11/06/a-new-license-for-paintn... To see your work used like that, most likely without a Thank You, probably hurts a lot. Shareware is also alive today in the App Store ... many apps have a limited free version. Because of the similarity I also think Apple's App Store isn't sustainable, because there will be so much crap that users will only go for established brands (it's already happening, even with Apple's strict control ... which serves more to ban competitors of Apple's own offerings). it also does currency conversion ... try " 300 USD * 1.19 in EUR " Yeah, but in Python you have other niceties, like dates. Just the other day my pregnant wife asked me to calculate the aprox date she'll give birth (considering she has 17 weeks) ... from datetime import datetime, timedelta print str( datetime.now() + timedelta(weeks=40 - 17) ) > A lot of the general notions about computing embodied in the iPad are revolutionary Name 2. They can still do a slam dunk ... the mobile market is big-enough for everyone to fit in. Anyway, why in the world would anyone use Windows CE when there isn't a market for third-party apps on WinCE? What incentive does it offer for mobile manufacturers? Pocket Word? That's what Apple (and also Palm and Nokia) did right ... delivered their own software, their own hardware, created a market for third-parties, delivered a decent design (personally I don't think it's revolutionary. it irritates me actually). Hopefully Google/Microsoft learns from this. More competition is better for everybody. It violated the license ... if you read the first link, the author claims that the individual deleted copyright references of him and of plugin contributors, taking credit for the work. The author also said he doesn't have the money or the time for legal recourse. I also don't fully agree with Mark ... there is an unwritten rule in any society ... when people are being nice giving you stuff for free / helping you out, don't piss on their lawn ;) In real-life when this happens, you just slam the door on his face next time. This also happened here, but unfortunately because of the easy means of redistribution, the author just slammed the door on everybody. > Targeting the general computer market with a console model. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_Computer http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trusted_Computing (I guess this is called a "console model" nowadays) > Using multi touch for a general computer not just a hand held device http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FingerWorks http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HP_Touchsmart http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Surface http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wacom These pass for revolutionary ... turing machines, the Internet, the GPL, Smalltalk, graphical UIs from Xerox Park (commercialized first by Apple), personal computing, CDMA/GSM networks, the web, Google's search engine. The iPad may prove in the end to be revolutionary, but looking back at the advances made in recent history, using "revolutionary" to describe it leaves a pretty bad taste in my mouth. You know, "revolutionary" comes from "revolution" which is more commonly used to describe "the overthrow of one government / replacement with another", whereas "evolutionary" usually means "gradually transforming something into a better form". I think that's the word you're looking for. Personally I would buy a Macbook only for OS X, because Xcode is the only way to develop / deploy iPhone apps, and customers want iPhone gadgets nowadays. But when decision time came, I just couldn't find the justification for shelling out for a Macbook ... and I bought an Acer Timeline. Cheaper than the cheapest Macbook classic, the battery lasts longer, the hardware is more capable, bigger display, slim, stays cool, decent design. Have both Windows 7 and Ubuntu on it. Works great. And I did own a Macbook Pro a year ago ... broke down when I spilled coffee over its keyboard. By contrast, my Dell Inspiron took a coffee bath quite well. > Are an extra few hundred dollars every couple of years really that significant? Well yeah, why pay more to get less? And I also work hard for those few hundred dollars ... at the end of a productive day I'm so tired I can barely speak. Few hundred here, few hundred there, oops, there goes the fruits of my labor. > If you hire even one programmer their salary cost exceeds that within a week. Maybe in Silicon Valley, but not where I live. With a VMWare image ... not really legal, but I don't really care. I bought the software legally (owned a Macbook), and their EULA is not enforceable in many parts of the world. > The argument was, of course, that you will get more. This isn't my experience or my argument, and I even explained why. > 40,000 usd/year salary cost Personally I'm doing contracting on my own, and that's approximately my monthly income. It's a pretty decent salary considering that the cost of living here is also low (I own my own apartment, if I'd want, I could live on $300 a month). Regardless of salary, I was arguing that you get less for more money ... and I won't throw money on a product just because it has the cool factor. Heh :) I owned a Macbook Pro, and I was quite happy with it. Their design is indeed awesome. Until one day I spilled some coffee on its keyboard and it fried (well, the quantity of coffee spilled was reasonable :)). A friend had a similar experience, only lighter ... his keyboard stopped working. So it bothers me that it's kind of fragile. By contrast I also spilled coffee on my 2 years old Dell (yeah, I have a habbit :)) which is clunky, loud, the battery lasts for one hour, overall a piece of shit that still works. Nothing happened. I also spilled some Coke on it ... half the keys got sticky, but I could take it apart and clean it. Still works. BTW ... Minis are awesome, but I need laptops. Any references? Rings true enough, but why is that? Is it because young bodies can absorb more on impact? Or because young people have better survival instincts? If I got plenty of experience noticing I have no breaks in situations where I really needed them ... does that count? (drove a piece of shit of a car for quite some time) I also ended up in situations where my instinct or experience told me to accelerate instead of pushing the breaks. This happens often. Got plenty of experience driving on glazed frost. I even crashed once because of the car skidding ... went off-road, with the car rolling over a couple of times, and me and the other passenger survived with minor injuries. From that experience I learned that whatever you do (besides wearing a seat-belt) you have to avoid trees. IMHO, more experienced drivers are better, and I've seen some pretty good instincts coming from 40-50 year-old or so acquaintances. I really don't know what I would do with a sudden acceleration problem. I would probably try to remain calm and wait for it to recover (pushing the acceleration / brake to trigger events, try to stop the engine), and try not crashing. On a side note ... that's why I don't like cars with automatic transmissions. If my current car experienced a sudden acceleration problem, I could just take it out of gear or do an old-fashioned motor-brake. Sorry, but having worked with both, Visual Studio is miles ahead of Xcode. I even did an app for a client in C++/Qt that wanted it running in OS X ... developed 100% in Visual Studio. That's because at the time (at least) Xcode wasn't even having Intellisense (and Visual C++ does have the best intellisense available). Visual Studio Express is free to use ... and it's enough for almost every need you might have. And before that you could use the #Develop which is an open-source IDE for C#/VB.NET. And while Xcode doesn't even support intellisense properly, Visual Studio is in a different category altogether considering that you can also develop with it web applications / Silverlight clips, supports many more languages and has a really healthy plugins ecosystem. Not to nitpick, but Microsoft is endorsing Mono lately as THE Linux/FreeBSD/OS X alternative. On Linux I can have a dotNet app that uses Windows Forms running ... can you do the same with Cocoa? Of course Mono for Apple would be an abomination that had to be destroyed (considering how they sued Psystar and even Wired on publishing an article about hackitoshes) (pretty ironic I'm defending Microsoft, since I've been badmouthing them for years, but compared to Apple they start looking like saints) Yes it means something ... it shows good will, it shows they are probably not going to sue, and their developers are also contributing/helping out Mono. > Cocoa is a direct descendent of NEXTStep Oh please, take any Cocoa app and try running it in Gnustep. > it is the first device to satisfy the ultimate vision of Alan Kay I thought Alan Kay's ultimate vision were computers that can be hacked by anyone, hence Smalltalk. Oh well ... I think you're mostly talking about the hardware compatibility, since the actual OS / default software coming with it, while OK, personally I've had lots of problems with it (including Samba sharing not working, wireless connectivity at a conference not working, Finder crashing on me, etc...) Not to mention that most multi-platform software packages are better supported on Windows (Flash, Photoshop). Related to hardware problems, when coming from Linux, it may be quite true, but in case you're thinking about a future Linux-powered device, search for the ones that are compatible (for example Dell or Acer laptops are usually fine). On both Windows / Linux ... it's much harder to do QA on hardware compatibility when your list of supported devices has all the devices ever created. Try installing OS X on top of an AMD processor. The people I know that switched to Macs have done it because ... * they want Unix and their company only allows Windows / OS X * they love Linux but need commercial software (Photoshop) * they want Unix, but hate Linux's problems * they want to look cool That last point shouldn't be underestimated. Almost every Hollywood movie that features a man/woman in front of a computer, it's from Apple. I've never seen a single normal person that voluntarily choses OS X over Windows / Apple over Dell ... because of technical superiority or because of the lack of viruses (if they do, they saw it in an ad). Normal users don't think about such things because normal users blame themselves when the shit hits the fan and they always have a friend that can fix it (over and over and over again). And when they buy from Apple, guess who are they're gonna call when their old webcam isn't supported or when some piece of software they've got from work isn't working :) I'm had no idea what IExplorer 9 is about ... and what's interesting to me is that they are adding HTML 5 support. And they are supporting SVG too? Not necessarily ... we use base 10 because we have 10 fingers, but that's not the only choice humans could've made. Geometry could've played a role ... angle degrees aren't base 10, which makes measurements of angles / time awkward. Mayas used base 20. Babylonians used base 60, which is very convenient for angles since it's also divisible with 3 and 4. Of course, I don't think there were number systems that had a base not divisible by 5 (except those that were baseless), and this probably does have something to do with the number of our fingers. But I think we would've been just fine with 4 fingers ... we would probably count our feet too ... and base 16 would've had been the norm. I can't imagine what would be like to live with such a baseless numbering system ... life had to be much simpler for it to work. Like you didn't pay your taxes this month? Your possessions are confiscated or it's off with your head because calculating interest is too much work :) They probably used counting boards, and specific units for measurement ... like they knew the size of a legion in their army and said "we have 3 legions, with 2 other joining, that's 5 legions" instead of ~ "we have 12600 men, 8400 more are joining, that's 21000 men". I'm pretty sure the future of anti-viruses will involve signature matching one way or another, because there's no way around that. Viruses are pretty similar to their biological counterparts ... they are pretty useless by themselves, but once they infect a host, they can use its mechanisms to multiply. Antibiotics are targeting bacterial infections successfully because bacterial cells can be recognized (have their own specific shell, and aren't relying on a host for survival). That's why antibiotics work, because while different, all bacterial cells are alike. And antibiotics only attack bacterias, not normal cells. With viruses it's different ... you can't attack viruses with a generic mechanism. The only hope you have to treat a virus / stop it's reproduction is to identify a signature in its proteins, and target that. Vaccines are the most efficient because they give your immune system a heads-up, but once you caught it the only hope you have is for your immune system to fight back. Computer viruses are pretty much alike ... you can't have a generic method for fighting back. You can only develop a specific treatment for a specific virus, otherwise you'll be in the same league as cancer treatment ... targeting cancerous cells efficiently, but doing enough of a damage in normal cells that your internal organs start failing (with a direct analogy being the loss of data). Personally I never install anti-viruses. I'm just cautious about the sources of the materials I have to work with, and whenever I suspect my computer got infected (happens once in 2 years) I just save my data somewhere and do a fresh reinstall. He's not dividing by zero. He's just using ... a = b -> a - b = 0 -> c * (a - b) = 0 -> c * a = c * b The whole point of the article is that implication is a binary function that doesn't have an intuitive behavior to many people. Like the following statement which evaluates to TRUE ... I have 6 legs *implies* it will rain tonight That's because the definition of the function is this ... A -> B => NOT(A) or B And this actually makes sense ... I have 6 legs *implies* I am not normal Which is true. But the reverse is false ... I am not normal, therefore I have 6 legs A -> B doesn't imply that B -> A. The equivalence function would be ... (NOT(A) and NOT(B)) or (A and B) That's just paranoia. We do have Nazi activists in our country, although they call themselves extreme right activists, and while being a group that spreads racist and antisemitic ideas, it's mostly harmless. Although a large percent of the population is Christian and goes to church regularly (which are also hubs for spreading racist/antisemitic propaganda), such activism has had little impact on the general population. That's because people are tired of propaganda and of empty promises and of big changes that don't bring that significant improvement in life quality that's being promised. Germany wouldn't have ended up with Hitler if they wouldn't have taken a big hit in WW1. With Germans dying out of starvation because of the British blockade, or because of the economic meltdown post-WW1, it's easier to believe the fallacies in Mein Kampf, to believe in Hitler's vision and shut your eyes and ears in the wake of a genocide. But that's only because Germany's economy and quality of life had nowhere to go but up, and it did just that (for a while anyway). But in a country where things are mostly working (i.e. there aren't many people dying from hunger) it's hard for such ideas to gain popularity, even if those ideas are spread by a champion as articulate and smart as Hitler was. That's because with a higher quality of life comes a higher moral ground, and people are mostly conservatives anyway. That's not necessarily the case. Silverlight runs on top of IE6. Silverlight 3 has support for "plugable media codecs", which means that you can stream Theora/OGG content in Silverlight (I don't know if it can be hardware accelerated ... but it would work for non-HD content anyway). Silverlight also has good browser/JS interoperability, which means it is possible to add support for HTML5 Theora in any IExplorer version without even asking the user if it wants to or not. I couldn't find better references, but see here ... http://www.atoker.com/blog/2010/02/04/html5-theora-video-cod... http://tirania.org/blog/archive/2009/Mar-23-1.html Penetration is already pretty good, and I'm pretty sure that within the next 2 years all IExplorer users will have Silverlight installed (Microsoft can always push it using their update mechanism). You could do the same in Firefox ... add support for H.264 by using a Flash or a Silverlight applet in combination with a JS script that manipulates the HTML5 tags and communicates with the applet. Since Silverlight is also running in Safari, you can add Theora support to it too (wouldn't work for iPhones, but still, it's pretty cool). And it's all transparent. No confirmation dialogs. It all depends on penetration rate of Silverlight of course, but recent stats (from riastats.com or statowl.com) puts it at ~ 45% ... jumping 10% from September (probably because of events like the Vancouver Olympics requiring it). So web developers that are looking for a solution to streaming media that's standards compliant, can just do something like this. Pretty ironic that the technical solution for this new format war comes from Microsoft. Last time I tried IronPython (~ 2 months ago) it was painfully slow ... slower than Jython which is really discouraging since they've put some effort into this for quite some time now (also hiring Jim Hugunin, the lead Jython dev). It matters in some contexts. For quick scripts that you invoke from the console, it's painful to wait a couple of seconds just to see if it does something. For web servers, if you're using something like Google's App Engine which starts VM instances as needed, or stops them when there's no traffic, users have experienced what is called a "loading requests" ... which is basically a very slow request or requests throwing DeadlineExceededExceptions. That's because the startup time of the runtime is very slow, especially when you have big dependencies like JRuby ... see this blog post for instance ... http://googleappengine.blogspot.com/2009/12/request-performa... It's not there yet, but it is technically possible. Of course the current implementation sucks, because it's an abandoned port of some Java code. But if someone cares enough about this, it can be implemented. And you wouldn't need to be someone that does stuff in Silverlight ... all is needed is some Javascript/applet stored on some CDN that you can just drop in your HTML. As far as ideologists go (thinking about services like Wikimedia here) ... what's better? Using a proprietary plugin for those proprietary platforms that don't have Theora or using a patented format? Life is full of compromises, you can't have it all. > One point to note is that they essentially copied the colors straight from Google Or their A/B tester implemented as a genetic algorithm evolved the colors towards those used by Google because that increases their chances for survival :-) I for one am interested ... as I'm also interested in iPhone / Android / Symbian tips, news, tutorials ... since mobile development is a trend that can't be ignored anymore (not to mention it's pretty cool for your non-technical wife to find something you did actually useful :)) What Silverlight does best, is to give a pretty painless experience for developers. For instance, iPhone developers complain that Android's SDK is too complicated (simple things aren't simple to do) and that it lacks an interface designer. In this regard it seems to me like WinMo 7 is going to kick ass. As for any other complaints related to Silverlight, keep in mind that WinMo7 was designed for it, and you probably won't have performance or look&feel issues. Although I understand their reasons on why Acid3 isn't a priority, it doesn't change the fact that they are late in everything that defines a modern browser ... CSS support, JS performance, HTML5, SVG, browser plugins, you name it. So to get over my disappointment with them, personally I'm looking for more than a half-assed attempt ... like they did with IE7 and IE8 (although the interface changes were interesting, but that's not what people craved for). This article seems like it's a PR piece. > instead of sharing variables between threads and protecting them by a lock, each thread has access to a portion of data, and they synchronously communicate That's not enough. If we are to believe Intel that we'll have processors with thousands of cores, then you have a new problem ... how are you going to keep all those cores busy (regardless of the actual number, from 32 to 20000)? Another problem would be that you also want it to scale horizontally ... there's no reason why you'd want to know if another thread runs in the same process or on some other machine in China. All you care about is that you can spawn it, send a message to it and get some results. Multiple techniques for concurrency will develop in parallel (which is a PITA since devs will need to have a lot of experience to choose), although I'm pretty sure that STM will be the most popular technique (although the handling of concurrency shouldn't be limited just to controlling access to RAM). I owned a VW Golf ... best car I ever had. I don't care about what anybody says, german automobiles are the best (for a while I was thinking of switching to a Toyota, but after those incidents with the sudden acceleration, no thanks). Now I'm stuck with a french piece of shit that nobody wants to buy :) Yeah, but services these days that are announcing the usage of a NoSql storage aren't doing any machine learning, they are just storing comments, tags and relationships. Personally I think ActiveRecord is the weak link in Rails (2.x ... I see they are doing some fixing in 3.0). Coming from Hibernate and such, it may seem like a breath of fresh air, but the result of a find ain't lazy, the query language sucks making you drop to SQL even for sub-selects, and the model definitions look weird ... inferring the columns from the DB schema is the wrong approach IMHO (they should take a look at Django sometimes). > I know the Clojure on Android project is at the moment, slower due to the functional nature of the language. There are two things that can hurt performance for functional languages on top of the Java VMs ... the lack of TCO and the mapping of a type-system that's too different to be mapped efficiently. In Clojure though what hurts is its dynamic nature, but you can go a long way by using type-annotations when you discover clear bottlenecks. > But don't you think that listing table columns in Django model code is a violation of DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself)? Database already holds meta data. Repeating it in model code is unnecessary. No, because the columns definitions in Django are complete. You specify their meaning, not their internal representation. And you can also add your own types easily. In ActiveRecord you have to look at the DB schema for, well, the table definition, and you have to look again at the model's definition for validation rules or for relationship rules. It may be DRY, but it's not KISS. And I never have to work with the database schema directly, like writing SQL for the schema definition (I only drop to the db's console for debugging purposes, nothing else). A migration utility like South can detect the code-changes I've made and write the migrations for me. I don't think complaining to new users about HN turning into reddit helps. If you want to help, the best way would be to set higher standards with your own behavior, not by bitching about it. Personally I don't like discussions on politics / crime / sports or on the latest hypes / fads for that matter, but I'm also guilty of commenting on such articles, because they are the easiest to read / reason about on a slow monday morning and I'm sometimes a lazy son of a bitch that's looking for cheap thrills from my morning news :) And it also helps that I sometimes see a mindbogglingly high-quality comment on such topics that changes my perceptions and while it's many times just useless intellectual masturbation, I can't live without it :) I keep coming back for the comments, the actual links are the least interesting to me. The only worrying trend on HN to me are the cheap ad-hominems / jerkiness that are so prevalent on reddit. Fortunately those comments are downvoted efficiently. The error wikipedia is talking about is an integer overflow, so it's not the algorithm that's faulty, it's that particular implementation ... and that's hardly something to reject a potential candidate about. I do want to see a candidate speak about its complexity (demonstrate it at least intuitively), and about the impact that the partitioning function has. But these are things any CS college student in his second year should know about (otherwise they've wasted their time in college, and frankly I haven't seen many of those). I'd really wish we'd stop with the "mine is bigger than yours attitude" ... there are lots of good developers out there. They are just more specialized in other domains, and finding the right match is indeed hard ... but the faulty interviews we are so accustomed with are to be blamed. Actually, while watching Star Wars ... I always thought that there was a mismatch between the Dark Side and pure evil ... are emotions (love, hate, agony, fear) evil? ... well putting aside the Emperor/Darth Vader duo building an empire and a big-ass spherical ship that could destroy planets, which was also a familiar story since at that time I was learning about the Roman empire in school, which went from monarchy to republic which then was subverted :) Well, yes and no. In Java for example, an "int" is 32 bits, even on 64 bits machines/VMs ... where the address space can reach 16.3 million terabytes. So this little bug can byte, but only if you're manipulating large datasets in memory. And then it's easily discoverable, on top of managed languages anyway (since the index used on an array can't be negative). What's interesting to me is that companies are either looking for superstars or code-monkeys. There's no middle way in the hiring process. And the results are many times not those wanted ... those looking for superstars end-up with subpar performance, while those looking for grunts will end up with good people that will leave sooner or later. I once did an interview were on one task I had to program a DFA for a Lego-mindstorm with the technical questions being pretty heavy for the kind of work they did ... like if I were at Google, how would I model an algorithm for finding similar links (with the discussion flowing to sparse matrices, distance functions, clustering) ... only to find out that they were a company that did online quizzes, with the developers involved building them with a semi-automated process involving an Office-plugin that generated PHP code and some fixes here and there to make it work where the generator failed. One day I'll submit the story to DailyWTF. That project manager interviewing me had to be on crack :) Not saying it's the case for RethinkDB ... they look like a fun project. Just wanted to share my experience with the current state of affairs. Probably someone created a spreadsheet with measurements and pie-charts showing the actual costs and benefits of the current government :) Yeah, but isn't the other extreme (cold-blooded, heart of stone) just as dangerous or even more so? What's stopping us from killing our neighbors even when instincts of self-preservation kick in? I mean, while watching documentaries on serial-murderers, it's always baffling noticing how disconnected with their victims or other human beings they are or how little regret they have. I think moral standards are highly interconnected with feelings, and that's why it seemed weird to me. Then you can create a more open alternative and import their data legally. Yeah, but even in Britain respected publications are free to speak their mind about inappropriate government actions, like cases where freedom of speech is violated, like this one ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/columnists/philipjohnston... Which is even debatable if it was the right thing to do, and it's not like you can't find that movie (Fitna) on the Internet with a simple Google search. Sorry, but this article is just setting up a straw man. And it's the same story all over ... governments try to impose more restrictions to "protect" it's citizens ... people fight back by rioting or voting against the government. That's how democracy works ... you win some, you lose some, but mostly it's a balance (I'm thinking about the state of affairs in the EU here). What really worries me is the current situations where many people and companies are paying lip service to China's policies, even though it's not in their interest to do so. Sooner or later other governments will adopt similar policies ... hey, if it works so wonderfully in China, why shouldn't it work for the rest of the world? Australia is apparently doing just that ... although it's not like Australia hasn't been guilty of other crimes against humanity, like genocide, so personally I don't have any expectations from them. > What people paid for was for the businesses to pay for their own costs and make enough of a profit to keep going Huh? What are you talking about? People don't pay for online publishing because it mostly sucks, and you can get the same quality from shitty blogs. If anything, people stopped paying only because they now feel they've got screwed multiple times over. For instance ... I'm paying for my cable TV and for my newspaper, not to mention a national tax for public radio ... and yet commercials are being shoved down my throat constantly, not to mention the mediocre content being offered. True journalism is dead ... mass-media intentionally focused on quick-sells like scandals, shock and awe campaigns or celebs news (like Paris Hilton's latest fart). They've also trained their customers to look for such subjects ... because frivolous subjects are cheaper to write and easier to find. Now who's to blame that they've got themselves into a corner because a wet-behind-the-ears teenager with a shitty blog can deliver the same poor quality? It's also too late to change course because the average attention span of a reader has only gotten worse and now people can't stand reading thoughtful articles. It sure sucks to be them. I take issue with the WinAmp comparisson ... normal users liked that stuff. It's partly the reason Winamp was such a success (the other being that it was ingeniously simple to use). I think the author is the one thinking like a programmer. Facebook was the former (they could've benefited a lot from Google's infrastructure and knowledge). Google could've also benefited from Microsoft's experience and infrastructure. Who's the sucker now? The biggest disadvantage is that big companies that are willing to buy aren't risk takers ... they'll either dilute your idea, or kill your project. Google is my kind of company, but they've killed at least a couple of startups they've bought already. Of course, I wouldn't place 37signals in the same league. But he does have a point ... if your company can handle the growth without external resources, than why sell? Not only do they show at least some humanity (which is hard for a company of their size), but they've also got big balls. It's interesting that while this may be a PR spin, few companies would have done it because the risks are much higher than the potential gains for shareholders. > In some ways though I do think it is a well intentioned idea Yeah, well ... the road to hell is paved with good intentions. They already have enough to identify you, unless you've given a false name / address. In which case they would only have to track the financial transaction ... and impose a rule that domains with untraceable owners should instantly be terminated (and I think this already applies to all tlds). What in the world do they need a picture for? I guess it's for fast reaction times, to identify more efficiently when they send the police at your door. Or for increased levels of paranoia amongst the population, keeping you honest and all that. > the theory of requiring business registration verification or name verification is most likely well intentioned. But what good will that do? Surely having a verifiable online ID might be useful in collaborating with other people that might need some assurance you're a real person that's accountable for his behavior. But for domains, the only requirement should be as it is now ... that you must give accurate contact information. And asking for an address is too much for me anyway ... since if you're not careful about protecting it, you can become a target for maniacs (I'm still pretty pissed off about what happened to Kathy Sierra, which had the best blog I've ever read). Either way, you won't get rid of spammers, fraudsters or jerkiness. There are freedoms and freedoms, and it really depends on your needs. I'm a neighbor of Bulgaria, and I remember what it was like behind the curtain, although I was only 8 when it fell. The problem with totalitarianism is the inherent corruption it begets. This is from our experience and from history in general ... I don't think I ever heard of a totalitarian government that wasn't corrupt on all layers. The biggest force that works against corruption is mass-media, that with all its imperfections it mostly works as a method of informing citizens. Take that away, and you'll end up with even more corruption. My mother used to bring me bananas in a shoe-box, hiding it from her comrades because the economic rebirth of my country required sacrifices such as limiting the import of foreign goods and exporting most of our internal products (so food was in limited supply). To buy a kilo of meat you had to wake up in the morning and stay in line for a few hours. Electricity was also cut off for a few hours a day. All of this while the leaders enjoyed such a luxury that would make the Playboy mansion fade in comparison, while mass-media hailed economic growth ... and this was the picture projected to the outside world too. So yeah ... I'm a skeptic of China's quality of life. Either way, if you don't have the freedom to point out the government's mistakes it will degenerate into something far worse sooner or later. Oh yes it will. Apple nearly went bankrupted, mostly because even if the hardware was good, their Mac OS was a piece of shit that started paling in comparison to Windows NT, OS/2 or even newcomers like BeOS, while Win 95 gave you approximately the same value but with increased compatibility with older / current apps. They can't keep their premium market if you can get the same quality for a lower price and a lot more freedom to tinker. Google coupled with HTC/Motorola can deliver that quality. Their only option is to keep innovating and keep infusing mass-media with Stevey-juice ... but that's not sustainable. I don't get why they haven't learned anything from their past mistakes. Lock-down, patent threats (it was copyright in the old days) ... do they really think these will work? Yeah, but Google is not know for poor quality of its software. And as far as hardware quality goes ... there are mobile manufacturers that can deliver it (HTC, Motorola, Samsung, Nokia). Surely Apple has control of the full stack, but it's not like history isn't repeating itself :-) This is getting ridiculous. Apple was quite successful in the late eighties / early nineties, when Jobs wasn't even on board. Notable product from that time is the Macintosh portable (a friend got a hold of one, and it's pretty sweet :)). Later, their strategy on licensing Mac OS to third parties was actually profitable, but it wasn't enough (too little, too late). I know you love Steve, he was a part of the rebirth. But let's focus on facts, shall we? ... I see far fewer appraisals for the engineers behind their miracle ;) > I suspect you are one of the first people to visit the site on Windows Do you have some stats to go with that? Title sucks as it has nothing to do with its content. Starting with the design is for pussies too ... considering that a mostly static design is really different from the end-result and you won't see the problems with it until you've got real content, this after you've waisted hours and hours on bikeshed issues. Doing contracting work for clients for whom you can't explain that the design they are seeing isn't final and that they should focus more on the actual workflow / functionality ... that's for pussies too :) And speaking of real clients that want to click the kitty ... trust me, they won't appreciate your HTML5 compliant code, or a font that doesn't render well in WinXP. Celebrity gossip? Jesus. 10 years from now when I'll look back at this, I don't want to remember Steve and Schmith "sitting in a tree" ... all I want are the facts ... what company released what, with what impact and what was the retaliation from the other competitor. I understand that News are either about things you can use right now or about things that keep you entertained. But boy, the preferences of people for entertainment is getting really weird lately. Too bad geeks aren't into clothes fashion, otherwise we'd be talking about Steve's shoes right now ... oh wait :) The scary thing ... a robber can get from a house something like $100.000 (and that's on a good day). A good cracker can get tens of millions in a week. I think he should've gotten the full 25 years. But the software company should've also been fined, depending on the stupidity of the bug that allowed for an SQL injection. Perfect ... a patent clusterfuck :) It's about time we had some of these. > Most of the players are mobile phone makers that are trying to compete with the iPhone by cloning its most distinctive features Such as the iPhone cloning distinctive features that have been developed / patented by Nokia and others. Double standards? > I don't know much about Romania, is $25 really a top-tier rate? Yes, it is top-tier. Romanians are doing great when speaking of communication skills. There are 2 reasons for that ... * English is learned in school from the second grade, and we don't have a local dialect * TV stations / cinemas are airing movies in English (we are used to subtitles) :)) * we are a latin country and our culture isn't so different from the one in US Of course, I'm not speaking for a majority of the population, but all the educated professionals I know have proper English skills, especially programmers ... since the literature here lacks, and the only valid way to learn real-world programming is to read books/articles in English. Of course, there are always exceptions. Sure, if being able to actually call someone reliably isn't a distinctive feature. Every technology that's newly introduced into the mainstream is distinctive at first. I don't see LEMS or NMT phones around anymore. Yeah, multitouch on a glass screen, that's the killer feature that will make mobile phones popular. ODF is the preexisting ISO standard that OpenOffice supports, and that's clearer and more open. They also support older .doc files quite well. By adding OOXML support they would shoot themselves in the foot, mostly because OOXML is neither a de facto nor a proper de jour standard. So why help with "standardization"? Patches are welcome btw. Holly shit, is this real? Considering that browsers allow for such plugins to be installed almost painlessly, I don't understand why we don't see more of these plugins ... so be grateful for that. > Pretty much everyone who has an iPad also has access to a machine they can do development on. I didn't until recently, when I had to start working on a project who's purpose is to automatically build iPhone projects. I can't tell you enough how much it sucks not being able to run "xcodebuild" on top of a Linux machine. I don't think control / lock-in have anything to do with usability. Personally I'm getting tired of hearing about how Javascript-enabled web apps are good enough. No, they aren't. Yeah, it's exciting that Quake2 runs in Chrome/Safari, it really is. But in 95/96 I was participating in demo-scenes, with graphics that weren't accelerated by the GPU, in 386 real-mode, and it was a lot easier and a lot more exciting (demos that got distributed by a local PC magazine, having as target more people than the people that actually tried that HTML5 Quake2 demo). So welcome to 1997. MonoTouch is a commercial product ... and they (Novell) were probably hoping for a business plan to finance their open-source development. Unity is very successful in the iTunes store, with at least 1 game in the top 10 developed with it. Adobe CS5 would be great because of their authoring tool, and no matter what your views on Flash are ... that's what the approval process is advertised for ... to remove crap from the app store, and I'm pretty sure you can write optimal apps on top of Flash. What the fuck are they thinking? If this is not a mistake, couldn't they announce this sooner, before all these companies waisted time on developing their products? This is just proof that having your business relying on a company that thrives from locked-in, proprietary platforms is a really stupid idea that should be taken with caution. And again, how can I recommend an iPad to my mother or other less technically-inclined people? What stops them from locking those users out of their own device they paid for, if such a thing becomes aligned with the interests of Apple? MonoTouch uses Cocoa bindings, so the interface is using native components. Games never could do scripting in Lua, since you can't run interpreted or Jitted code on the iPhone anyway. What they are forbidding now is the usage of any third-party compilers that are producing native executables ... Adobe CS5, MonoTouch, Unity. No, that was prohibited a long time ago. No it's not because it is using an intermediate layer to connect Javascript with APIs it doesn't normally have access to. Apple is practically killing all tools that would make cross-platform development bearable. MonoTouch, CS5 and Unity are commercial tools that, you know, cost money and are not cheap. Why would a developer or a company invest money and time in those tools, only to give the iTunes approval process yet another reason for rejecting his app? It kills these businesses, even if Apple might decide to look the other way in the approval process. I was also starting to wonder when I'm going to see apologetic views on this, as is customary for anything Apple does :) There are products and there are platforms. Products are OK to be proprietary as long as the value provided is top-notch. Sorry, but I don't see profesional designers using Gimp over Photoshop. Relying on a platform for your existence is a different story. But as a business you need alliances with other businesses, and not just in software. And everybody can pull the plug on you, that's why reputation matters and in many cases it's all you need. About free software, programmers need to eat too. Myself I use open-source everywhere, but for the last 7 years I've been doing consultancy work (turn-key apps that are never released in any form or web services that put a lock on your data ... the worst kind of closed systems). And until you'll teach me a business model that would empower me to work on "free software" while providing for my family, then I'll keep doing it. Until then it's only fair I get paid for my work, that's why I consider the free software philosophy as extremist bullshit. > Red Hat, Canonical, and Google are just some of the companies that have found valid business models around "free software". That's a fallacy. The majority of open-source sponsors are selling closed systems or services to sponsor their "free software" involvement. Google doesn't have a business model around "free software". Neither does IBM or Sun. I'm also not Mozilla and my apps would probably never get in front of 40% of all Internet users. Even if I'm that lucky, it's probably not going to be a desktop app that's used to search for stuff. To get paid for customizations, your software also has to be really popular for businesses (consumers don't pay for that, they either endure it or search for something better). Did I mentioned that I don't live in Silicon Valley nor in Cambridge, but in an Eastern European country? So training is off. I already mentioned consulting, but then I would be a hypocrite if I promoted the free software ideology while working on the worst kind of closed software, wouldn't I? Anything else? Android is using Java the language, not the JVM and not libraries of code that were written for the JVM. The platform's API is also totally different than what you can find in Java SE. And while I hate Java the language, only shortsighted developers blame the language for their lack of skill. You're not primarily an artist, you're an engineer so get over it ;) Android's development model is also proprietary, so its quality has got nothing to do with open-source. The title of this article is "open source is stupid". I beg to differ, this article is stupid. It hasn't been my experience, especially since the JVM's parameters need to be tweaked for it to accept that much memory ... the heap size is limited by default because the JVM doesn't release free memory to the operating system. In practice the JVM does quite well on memory usage, its only flaw being that it doesn't release memory back. If your Eclipse instance ends up using 2 GB that's because it does lots of stuff and needs 2 GB of memory. Either way, Eclipse is comparable in memory usage with Visual Studio, which has most of its components written in C++. The only problem with using Java for desktop apps is with native integration with the OS ... Java GUI toolkits suck badly, except one which isn't really popular ... Qt Jambi. But in the case of Android, this discussion is not really relevant ... they use their own VM that has different optimization goals (so any comparison to the JVM is apples vs oranges), and every component you use is native to Android. There are hundreds of games in the App Store built with Unity, including at least one in top 10. You can be sure that if Unity games are taken out of the app store, people will notice. Which just shows that some people go to great lengths to explain Apple's anti-competitive behavior ... "it's OK, it doesn't affect me" ... maybe not in the short term. I kind of agree with you, except that last sentence. I once worked for a client with no upfront contract and no initial fees, the agreement being that I had to get paid when the work was done. After the work was done (in an incremental agile process nonetheless) the client said that he's going to go to someone else ... and when that someone else finished his work, I discovered that he stole from me ideas from my design, articles blatantly copy/pasted and some implementation details. Sorry, but even if the cost of reproducing digital media is zero, the cost of producing it is not. And if I'm producing something of value, it's only fair to get paid for my work. And in the above case I only had the copyright law to defend myself. What the media industry needs to realize is that people don't pay for crap. If you want to make money out of movies then stop producing crap like Jennifer's Body and stop promoting crap like Britney Spears. The price of a movie/music album/newspaper subscription should also variate according to its quality / cost of production. Personally I buy all the albums of my favorite bands (all 3 of them ... I like supporting them and I like discovering tracks for which there aren't mp3s available on torrents). I'm also going to the local cinema regularly but only to see those movies that are worth the price of a ticket. Unity has a free version and you can first develop with it, then buy a license. Productivity is more valuable than the license price, and Unity is a productive framework. The price for MonoTouch is something like $399 for a single developer ... which is really not that much considering that you already paid for over-priced hardware. All of them provide an easier path to developing for the iPhone when you're not used to ObjC / Cocoa and all of them enable shared business logic if you want to go multi-platform. Apple already makes it clear they want to ban these framework. It's like a bank that has the right to take your house (according to the contract you agreed to) but it may take some time before it does it ... if it's in the contract and you don't do anything about it, then it's only a question of time. That's how things work ;) You like your physical properties to be protected right? If I stole something from you, would you consider it normal for me to get away with it because you haven't made me sign a contract? WTF dude ?!? It's not a question of whether IP should be protected or not, it's only a question of where to draw the line. If I create something I want full rights on it, regardless of the ease with which it can be copied and my desire to be in control of the results of my work should supersede your desire to get free stuff ;) > Barnes and Noble decides they only want to sell non-fiction books No, a better analogy is if Barnes and Noble decides they only want to sell creationism books. Everyday I see iPhone this and IPad that. I think some people like getting abused by Apple. Apple should do well to remember that they need us more than we need them. It's the availability of apps that makes or breaks any OS. And you know what? In my country the iPhone is only popular with the tech crowd. Nokia is the leader here, and Vodafone (the largest mobile operator here and the direct competitor to Orange, which is shipping iPhones) is said to start shipping Motorola Droids and Nexus Ones. So IMHO, Apple can fuck off. Unfortunately they haven't learned the other part of their history that got them almost bankrupted. Yeah, but the work I did was useless to me, and I couldn't resell it. So something was stole from me, and that's the precious time I invested in it. And I totally understand their decision to go to someone else, but then that someone else ripped-off my work. Sorry, but that shouldn't be legal ... the world is full of jackasses that don't give a shit about your needs or about the endless hours of work you've put into it. The alternative to having laws that protect your property is anarchy ... making your own justice ... here's your software, it's DRMed, it regularly phones back home with logs of your activity, and I can shut it down with the push of a button. Enjoy! Don't get me wrong ... 100 years of copyright is a lot. 10 years of protection would be much more appropriate. I'm not advocating against changes for the good of the public ... but having a healthy copyright law also encourages content-authors. So IMHO, all I'm saying is that we need copyright, not that it doesn't need changing. Why? Many people think this is only about CS5. Compilers leave a heavy footprint. Consider how compilation works ... you have a parser that takes your source-code and builds a syntax tree from it. Then the syntax tree is checked for correctness, optimized, transformed, with type rules inferred and symbol tables created and all that. Then a backend takes the result and generates source-code (or byte-code or assembly). The thing to remember is that compilers use certain patterns and certain optimizations to generate the resulting source code. Because of the transformations a compiler does on the syntax tree and the way the result is generated, such patterns can emerge even from the binary. It's difficult to have 100% accuracy though, but I don't think they would sweat over that. No, that part was a strategy to save themselves that didn't work so well because it was too little, too late. Not to mention that they did made a nice profit from that scheme. First of all "amazing" is subjective, and all current mainstream tools are amazing in some way. Android has Dalvik, which is a register-based virtual machine (as compared to the stack-based JVM) that's optimized for solid-state memory (which has slower access times) and with bytecode optimized for interpreting on ARM processors. I's questionable if it was the right thing to do, but it's still amazing. Having a VM on a mobile device is debatable, but it's higher level and that's one way to achieve portability and to reduce accidental errors (memory leaks, buffer overflows). And what language would you propose they should use? Their own? C#? And keep in mind that it has to be a language that doesn't need lots of magic to make it run efficiently, like a tracing JIT (a pragmatic choice based on current real-world constraints). Your analogy to cars doesn't hold water. You can't build an F1 without proper knowledge, and all the tools in the world won't help you with that. A 200kg fat man can drive a bus just fine ;) On Emacs ... you still have to pay attention to the loaded extensions, and if you've got dozens of them (especially the Jdee extension, with all the dependencies) it can be as bloated as a full IDE (and it shows in startup times). > And if you're not developing apps for the platform then you have no grounds on which to bitch and moan. Except in the case when Apple has a monopoly that holds back other mobile platforms for which you would like to develop for. This is not the case, not yet, but some can see it coming, although for obvious reasons I don't think it will ever be a monopoly. > Seems like you pay a heavy price for dynamicity on Dalvik, because introspection is expensive Citations? On Android it seems to me that all APIs are running on top of Dalvik, so to use other interpreters (outside of Dalvik) means you have to pay the price for IPC calls (coupled with an interpreter that isn't optimized for mobiles). Wouldn't it have been better that, instead of just reading you could copy/paste a piece of code and run it to see what it does? Unfortunately it uses GTK. If you're on Windows try SharpDevelop. In case you are serious, that quote is out of context. He said "fuck you" in a presentation on Rails where he tried expressing that Rails is opinionated and that if Rails doesn't suit your style you're better off choosing something else instead of trying to convince core devs to switch directions (or something of the sort). Say what you will about the guy, but he's a great salesman. I don't know why you're talking in the past test ... like those platforms are dead or something. In my city Vodafone has said it's going to start shipping Droid and Nexus One. They are already shipping some Android-enabled LG model. And they have a big marketing machine ready ... its competitor (Orange) has been shipping iPhones for a while, but I haven't seen many around (mostly because people haven't jumped on the smartphones wagon). And I think it's the same situation in the rest of Europe. It's the carriers that make it happen ... and Vodafone is a huge player. You're comparing apples vs oranges ... Rails is an open-source web-framework. If you don't like its directions and you'd like to change that, you can always fork it without gettings sued ... and forks/clones in other languages have happened and are thriving. His merits are that he's a contributor to an open-source piece of software that changed people's perceptions and he's also a founder of 37signals, a small business that's quite profitable (which is a lot more than I can say for myself). Isn't there a recent lawsuit involving Apple accusing HTC of infringing 20 patents, even though HTC is not the stereotypical Chinese cloning machine? Isn't Steve Jobs expressing his frustrations with Android every chance he gets, even though there's lots of prior art in the mobile OS space? Apple surely acts like it's having a special license to address this market (whatever that means). So I don't know why we are having this conversation. Being opinionated doesn't mean you need to be a jerk that prevents others from playing on the same beach. And don't forget that Chrome was the first to come up with one process per tab, and they also ignited a cut-throat JS performance race. Also clean design with native widgets on supported platforms and overall crazy fast (when I boot my computer, Chrome is the first app the starts). Mozilla should be worried. Java's Generics are awful because they are useless, while being the most complex feature added to Java. Templates in C++ or the generic types from Haskel enable parametric polymorphism which is a lot more elegant for certain problems than subtype-polymorphism (i.e. OOP). Java's generics is only a hack to make it look as though some piece of code that's using subtype-polymorphism is parametric ... but it only saves you explicit type-casts, which are also useless. dotNet's generics are different ... while sharing the same limitations (i.e. no late binding and not implicit interfaces), because the types are available at runtime the runtime dispatches being made aren't just hacks and you can use the reflection mechanism to workaround many of the problems associated. Btw, I've had great experiences with Antlr (instead of Yacc) and can use Java/C/C# as targets, although you might have problems redesigning your grammars to be LL(*). Problem is the iPod is for listening to music, being in a different category altogether. Computers are about running general purpose software done by third parties. Companies / developers are targeting those platforms which are the most popular or which provide the path of least resistance. History can repeat itself because smartphones are also about running software. You just need to convince major players to standardize on your OS, and ironically Apple is playing a part in this by acting as a bully that might push established players out of the smartphones market. > When people start realizing how to easily pirate their Android apps, I predict Apple will be the clear winner here. You could've said the same thing about Windows apps. Piracy (which always acted as a marketing scheme for software) is also becoming irrelevant since many apps on the iPhone are just frontends to online services. Besides, the free lunch is almost over. People are getting tired of fart apps. I was thinking more about '95 when Win95 was released, but yeah. Back then I had a PC with dozens of pirated apps and games (there were "pirates" which took orders by phone, and delivered CDs by mail). In fact I haven't used so much pirated software as in the nineties :) You can play with most improvements coming in JDK7 right now ... http://download.java.net/jdk7/binaries/ > "Java is dead" Saying that is childish, although I am interested to know why you think so. IMHO, I can answer why not ... generational state of the art GC, JITting with inlining of virtual methods, meta-circular hosting researchy projects (Jikes RVM, Maxine VM), ecosystem of open-source libraries rivaling only with CPAN, JRuby, Clojure, open-source license. If your favorite language/platform doesn't have these right now, you can always wait for a few years. > People are optimistic about Java as an evolving unified platform when there is no such indication You're not asking the right people ... http://groups.google.com/group/jvm-languages > Google is hedging their bets on Android That's because Dalvik is a register-based VM (versus stack-based) optimized for efficiency on a mobile device that's using solid-state memory (which has sloooow access times). The bytecode itself lends to better interpretation (and it wouldn't be useful on a general purpose PC where you have the resources to JIT). > what indications of Java 7 being agreed on and adopted are there that should make someone more optimistic than about say Python 3 or Perl 6? InvokeDynamic. Dynamic languages on top of the JVM are already fast. Jython / JRuby are already ahead of the reference interpreters in many benchmarks. And in real-world projects it is much nicer to drop to Java for bottlenecks than to C/C++. In JDK7 InvokeDynamic provides a way to specify a handler for a call-site the JVM doesn't understand (and I think the caching is at least monomorphic). Thus it is possible for dynamic calls (with an unknown interface) to be as fast as virtual methods invocations (blazingly fast on the JVM). And for JDK6 there's even a backport (using Java agents) for backward compatibility (also with speed improvements). I haven't seen any real project (or any significant open-source project other than Parrot / Perl6 itself) that's based on Perl 6. And it was started when? 10 years ago? And many people would argue that Python 3 only brings a couple of syntactic improvements. Only Unladen Swallow makes it exciting for me. Until then, some reasons why it's not exciting for me ... GIL (no parallel threads), reference-counted (huge memory usage on long running processes), still slow as fuck for expensive computations. Python is my favorite language, but I'm moving gradually to using Jython more and more. > losing more ground to C# (by nearly all accounts now a superior platform No, not really. Both have strengths and weaknesses. No, it looks related to divide and conquer, as the article says. > The kids with the most to gain from an encouraging tool like Scratch can't afford iPods anyway. That's why they have parents. PDFs generated by Adobe Acrobat have Javascript in them (for forms mostly). You are free to not interpret it though. Sorry, that came out wrong. I actually took a look at Parrot ... great tools for language designers, flexible type-system (oh god, the type system in the JVM is horrible). I really hope you guys can pull it through. I was judging from my POV ... I want to implement a language than I can use as soon as the parser is finished (I'm not enough of a man to implement my own VM or to deal with non-mainstream choices, although that may prove to be better long-term). Truth is nobody knows shit about what Steve Jobs wants or about what the directions Apple has taken. For all I care, this might be a maneuver to get rid of both the external competition (Android, WinMo, Symbian) and the internal one ... reducing developers on their platforms to mere contractors that are doing their bidding. And you can't prove that I'm wrong because neither you nor I know shit about it. So stop apologizing for them. If you believe their choices are for better quality, quality can speak by itself and nobody needs you rationalizations on the matter. It's as if you're defending your own choices and directions, which shows you have doubts. On the other hand the bitching and moaning of mistreated customers (yeah, we are also customers) might do some good. > Scala is more statically typed then Java. Being a contrarian here :) It doesn't matter how static Scala or any other language is, all that matters is how well its type system fits into the target VM, and Java VMs are optimized for Java. When the type-system doesn't fit you have to resort to workarounds, like allocating more objects than you should, or using introspection, or generating bytecode at runtime. The JVM does fine here, but Dalvik is a VM created for a restricted environment. That said, I don't think static languages should have problems ... as long as they don't stray too far from Java ... like being lazy or having type-classes. > Modern ... statically typed languages don't have to the have the verbosity of Java and C++ They don't have subtype-polymorphism either (basically OOP). Since you mentioned OCaml and F#, you should take notice that the OOP subset doesn't support type inference when you're dealing with interfaces, that's because it is not possible. OOP was designed for dynamic type-systems, and it mixes with static typing like oil and water. Also Scala's type inference is really restrictive and should't be in the same league as any other language with a Hindley-Milner type inference system. The type inference is really useful when you're dealing with parametric polymorphism. Scala doesn't really have that either ... generics only save you from explicit type-casts, nothing else, and are a far cry from Haskell's type-classes or C++'s templates (which are late-bound). The recently introduced Manifests or the implicit conversions save you in many cases, but those are just ugly hacks that only solve certain use-cases. I really don't get why Scala is so popular. It's as if people are so tired of Java that they are looking for a way out, willing to compromise just for some syntactic sugar. It's interesting to note that none of the issues of subtype-polymorphism (tight coupling) or those of parametric polymorphism (hard to get right) are of importance to dynamic languages . In a dynamic language polymorphism is simply implicit. That's why I hope people will invest in VMs that support dynamic languages in the future ... static typing is a bitch to get right, and it would be easier if the VM wouldn't impose a strict type-system on you. Apple II was the first affordable personal computer, with a beautiful design. Released in 1977 whereas the IBM PC was released in 1981, 4 years later, and because of its design the Apple II was manufactured until the early 90s. Your recollection of history is wrong. > Windows took over because PCs running DOS were already vastly dominant You're confused. Apple II was dominating at the time IBM PC was introduced. The reason why it became such widespread was because the market wasn't saturated by Apple and because the partners of IBM (which had a license to clone IBM PCs) were competing on price ... had it not been for the likes of Compaq, IBM PCs would have gotten nowhere. > I remember hearing that IBM's hardware division could get MS-DOS/Windows cheaper than they could get IBM OS/2 from their own software division! OS/2 was a collaborative effort of Microsoft and IBM (later forked by MS to Windows NT). The reason for Windows 3.0 and later 9.x being more successful was because it ran on cheaper computers and OS/2 also had a high price tag. Both IBM and Microsoft viewed OS/2 as the future, waiting for hardware to catch up. Also OS/2 3.0 (Warp) released in '94 was full 32-bit with preemptive multitasking and had binary compatibility with Windows 3.x / MS-DOS. If anything it was a failure because IBM had other revenue sources and couldn't commit to it (in '95 I remember seeing commercials for Win 95 on MTV). Also one could argue that Microsoft was more succesfull because it had better partnerships and favored open-hardware systems, leading to more drivers developed for Windows. You also had to shell out extra money for the the OS/2 SDK AFAIK. > The same sort of compatibility lock-in doesn't exist in today's mobile space That's because today customers use phones to make phone calls or for SMS, only occasionally opening a web browser or reading emails. That might change, and when it does people are going to start wishing for binary compatibility. > Yes I've misplaced things that are valuable to me but when I did I only hurt myself. What a responsible human being you are. You probably don't have kids though :) People lose their kids in places like supermarkets all the time ... I haven't (yet) but it's a possibility (because kids by definition don't stay put) and I'd appreciate that if you found my child instead of stealing it from me to sell it to the highest bidder, you'd return it to me, because otherwise I might just burn down your house with you in it :) Yeah, it's a bad analogy because for most people a phone is not equal to a child, but for passionate engineers the line is kind of blurry, isn't it? > the attitude in this comment thread has been that being drunk makes it ok to be derelict in your duties No, the attitude is that it's not OK to steal property, even if that person you're stealing from is drunk ... and to make matters worse the buyer also made the story public, for no public good whatsoever. Perl's syntax is designed to be more close to natural language. Both Lisp and Perl are in the same camp ... I could hardly read an algorithm written in them before learning and actively working with them. Either way, I'm tired of languages that can only be extended by adding functions. Declarative APIs require much more than that. You don't have to parse Perl 6 's grammar ... the parser is written for you. How it goes ... you add rules for new syntax, and your macro-handler receives a syntax tree. And you transform that into a regular AST that the interpreter can understand ... more or less as in LISP. The difference is that in LISP you work directly with ASTs ... while in Perl you can access the compiler's pipeline. This idea is not new ... for instance it's also implemented in Boo (boo.codehaus.org) ... although I don't know how effective is. > Constructing macros in Lisp however /is/ something you do lightly For all the ease with which one can create macros in LISP, I haven't seen anything comparable to LINQ yet. And while I've seen useful macros here and there, I haven't seen anything groundbreaking ... macros are mostly used when you need laziness. Powerful? Yes. Easy to use? No. I have no idea what you've just said, but it doesn't make any sense. Of course parsers are described by recursive functions, that's because recursive functions usually describe a push-down automata or a DFA, which you know, is needed for a parser. But describing a parser is not easy, even in lispy languages ... you still need a declarative syntax (like BNF or PEGs) for those rules, you still need a strategy (like LL(*) or LALR(1)), you still need to deal with context-dependent constructs, and you still need an AST that must be optimized. Text parsing is also not one of Lisp's strengths. Many implementations don't even have proper regexp engines ... but indeed, it's easy to translate any language to LISP as long as you're goal is not to generate something human readable. You can add syntax rules to Perl's parser. And you can add handlers for when a new syntax rule is triggered. As a result the handler either returns a string or a syntax tree. Don't know how Perl is doing it and to what extent (only saw some samples), but I've seen it implemented in Boo ( http://boo.codehaus.org/ ) ... where you have access to the entire compiler's pipeline. Thanks for the downvote ... I was more interested in what you meant in your comment, rather than proving me wrong about regexp engines. No, but this is a good time to play with it ... Rakudo Star should be released in the next 2-3 weeks or so. Problem with Perl 6 was that it's too ground-breaking, without having the resources of a huge company (like Sun, MS). But it doesn't matter because you can't find the combination of features it provides in other languages ... * full OOP * optional typing * multi-dispatch * macros * cool pattern matching * functional features ... map, fold are at home ;) * continuations / coroutines * transactional memory * eventually it will be compatible with every package on CPAN Personally I don't like Perl (either 5 or 6), I'm more interested in Parrot because what is widely viewed today as being general-purpose VMs (the JVM / .NET) are a poor choice for dynamic languages. Consider that the JVM and .NET are stack-based. Because of that efficient continuations passing style is impossible on top, and that's a PITA because you can build any control structure on top ... tail-calls, closures, coroutines, exceptions, green threads ... can all be implemented efficiently in terms of CPS. Another thing against the JVM / .NET is that they'll never earn optimizations for dynamic languages that could impact the performance of first-class citizens. You can forget about an efficient tracing-compiler on top of those, simply because such optimizations are not cheap and can impact the performance of Java / C#, and those VMs are not low-level enough to implement it at a higher level. And for instance, personally I'm skeptic that InvokeDynamic on the JVM will deliver that much performance. Yeah, it provides a mechanism for a monomorphic inline cache, and from there the JVM can do stuff like code-inlining of call-sites. But it doesn't do tracing of types, which means that code like the following ... sum = 0 for i in range(1000): sum += i will always pay for the price of boxing/unboxing of those primitives, an optimization that current Javascript VMs and LuaJIT 2 are doing. So if Parrot delivers, it will be one heck of an alternative. Either way, its interface is nice and you can use it right now for prototyping new languages.