Check the mailing list - it's been made to build with MSVC2008 and the ATI Stream SDK beta that includes a CPU-only implementation of OpenCL. Presumably, it wouldn't matter which side of the acoustic tiles the neutrino detectors are on. They could really even be on the inside of the hull. The only requirement is to have a large total surface area for the detectors. What I wonder about is interference from the onboard nuclear reactors. Does anybody know how much in the way of neutrinos a typical naval reactor produces? Wikipedia indicates that reactors are typically big producers of anti-neutrinos. I think it serves a very real need: discipline. By making it the most basic wave feature, they're committing to making sure that the system can always handle a constant stream of realtime updates from every user. If anybody breaks it or introduces a performance regression, everybody will notice. It also means that people writing robots and extensions can assume that they can deal with updates in realtime, on such a fine grained level. If extension writers had to worry that per-character updates might introduce too much overhead, it would hamper their creativity. Graph theory is conspicuously absent from the list. Is that considered computer science these days, or does the author not think it is particularly important for programmers? Wow. That's really out of date. Trying to use that guide these days will do more harm than good. I've suffered through the "have the smart kids help teach the dumb kids" thing in American schools. I've come to the conclusion that it is too easy to screw up to be a workable large-scale policy. In my classes, it degenerated to the point where my assignments were no better than busy work, and I had nothing more to learn from picking up the teacher's slack by tutoring other students. (Teaching can be a great way to learn, but it can only get you so far.) In the end, I dealt with the problem by leaving the public school system entirely, so that it wouldn't get in the way of me learning new things. In order for an educational environment to be stimulating for a gifted student, there has to be a critical mass of people who can learn and converse on the level of the gifted student. One teacher with other students to tend to is woefully inadequate. Having two or three other gifted students in your class still isn't enough. In my experience, there has to be a cohort of at least 6-8 gifted students before ideas begin to flow and an actual academic community forms. Once your group is that big, there really have to be at least some dedicated lectures that progress at their pace or at a greater depth than for the general student population, and the coursework needs to be adjusted accordingly. It isn't necessary to completely segregate school populations, but there is ample evidence that for certain subjects (most notably, math), the difference in ability is too great to be handled by a single class without leaving behind a significant portion of the students. Their averages are nice, but they say nothing about how their system works for the students who can perform above average in their sleep. Unless you've got evidence to the contrary, I assume that the Finnish method isn't magically successful, and it looks good on paper at the expense of not enabling the best and brightest to reach their full potential. Given what the Wikipedia article says about the obstacles to establishing alternative schools, I'd say that being a highly gifted student in Finland is likely to be quite frustrating. Peer tutoring can be great when the issue is a mismatch of learning styles, which is inevitably common when the student:teacher ratio is high. But that doesn't really have anything to do with gifted students. It works well for pretty much any population. On the other hand, peer tutoring is not a good way to make up for differences in raw intelligence, and asking a gifted student to help a student that really needs a remedial class is insulting to both students. Useful page titles are absolutely crucial to tabbed browsing. For example, all the page titles here start with the string "Hacker News | ", which is completely redundant given the favicon, and could just as well go at the end of the title. As things stand now, my tabs seldom show more than the first three or four characters of the actual article title. So? There's a selection bias in who attempts to qualify for gifted programs, and the quoted percentiles are relative to the general population. These kinds of tests aren't re-normed with every administration. The magnitude of this selection bias doesn't seem at all surprising. You've just given the most concise and accurate description of my fourth grade year I've ever heard. Unsurprisingly, leaving the public schools after sixth grade was the best thing to happen in the development of my social skills. They've said it's the best iMac display yet, and I doubt they could claim that the LED backlighting more than makes up for any deficiencies of E-IPS compared to the S-IPS they used to use. You can get an ITIN without being a citizen or resident of the US, it's just seldom necessary. The most common reason seems to be foreign nationals with American investments that are taxed by the IRS. Apple isn't turning the AppleTV into a Tivo killer because they don't want to kill Tivo by supplanting it. They want to kill Tivo by suffocating it - destroying the market that Tivo competes in by supplanting the products that Tivo complements. Apple wants cable TV to die, and be replaced by on-demand video over the Internet (obviously, there preference of provider is iTunes). To some extent, this is inevitable: coax bandwidth is more valuable to cable providers when it is used for high-speed internet than for channels that are seldom watched. Given sufficient competitive pressures, cable providers will allocate less and less bandwidth to QAM and more to DOCSIS. Most likely, they will end up with relatively few channels provided over QAM, and all optional and premium content provided on-demand over IP. At this point, if Net Neutrality is in effect, Apple will be able to easily compete against and dominate the market for premium channels, because no cable company is going to come up with a solution that sucks less than whatever Apple has at the time. The complete death of traditional cable TV could follow if basic cable content can be made available over the internet without too much trouble for Apple or consumers. In other words, the Apple TV is stagnant because the market it is intended for isn't big enough yet. Apple is taking the time to refine it as a low-priority project so that they will be ready to make the the killer product as soon as the market is ready. We most certainly do know how to teach problem solving. I do it all the time in my Boy Scout troop. Of course, exactly none of the methods I use would work in the context of a school classroom, but that's as much a critique of our schooling methods as it is of my teaching methods. If people only down-vote fairly (ie. to suppress a comment that contains a factual error that has been explained by another comment) then the net effect of allowing down-votes is to give users relatively more influence over the ranking of posts. The issue of whether to allow down-votes ultimately is a trade-off between stronger and faster filtering of comments, and fewer opportunities for abuse. My general understanding is that the last person to be well-versed in basically all of mathematics was Euler. When he got through with it, the field was too broad for any mortal to obtain a working knowledge of most of it. It seems that now, given the above, hardly anybody tries to broaden their horizons after a certain point in their career. (It feels like every course I take these days, I end up making a connection between a topic and another branch of math or computer science, but my instructor doesn't know enough about the other field to appreciate what I bring up.) While I don't think the problem is quite as severe as Zeilberger claims, I do feel like conference talks should strive to be more accessible to specialists of other fields and to students. Particularly for a conference like the Joint Mathematics Meetings, it would be cool if speakers prepared their talks to be more like TED talks: just technical enough to make sure that the audience can understand the really interesting aspect of the research. More importantly, http://launchd.macosforge.org/ Because every version of FF is more standards-compliant than IE6. This is an important milestone in the adoption of web standards. Really? It seems to me that half of those items are the exact opposite of what worked well for Apple, and many of the things from the list that Apple tried didn't work out so well (eg. 63, about embracing Java). I think Apple's formula for success over the past decade boils down to three key elements: 1. Throwing out all the old hardware and software designs 2. Taking NeXTSTEP mainstream 3. Jonathan Ive Number 1 in my list was only weakly expressed by the Wired list, number 2 was said in some ways, but there were also some conflicting suggestions, and number 3 was completely unanticipated, despite being by far the most important factor. I was being a bit facetious in listing just Ive, but I don't think it's a stretch to say that his industrial design department has been that important to Apple's success. Most notably, the iPod is almost certainly the product that gave Apple the financial stability to develop OS X into what it is today, and to undertake the Intel transition that enabled them to take over the high-end computer market. If the iPod had been only slightly better than the other mp3 players of the time, Apple probably wouldn't have been able to make much profit off it or the iTunes Media Store. I think since Interface Builder had been around for many years by the time the article was written, we can write this one off as author ignorance rather than give him the benefit of the doubt. I think you're confusing the circumstances of the introduction of the iPod and the iPhone. I certainly agree with you that the iPhone's success is only minimally related to industrial design, and mostly due to a well-designed operating system and ecosystem. The iPod, on the other hand, was on the market for a year and a half before the iTunes store opened. Its competitors were the likes of the Creative NOMAD players, which were very much clunky, some even in comparison to portable CD players. The iPod software certainly wasn't revolutionary. It was the physical interface, centered around the clickwheel and far simpler than the competition that was so groundbreaking. As slashdot so famously and bluntly put it, the iPod was downright lame in most other respects. Aren't there enough objectively bad things about Flash to justify summarizing it as "evil"? It does so many bad things to a web site's accessibility, usability, download size, security, and performance that anybody with a genuine interest in making the web a better place should be encouraging migration to the open standards based alternatives. Now that HTML5 features are available, it seems that the only significant things Flash has going for it are a large install base and a decent authoring tool. Fundamental language bugs (ambiguity, etc.) can be fixed. Security bugs will almost certainly be the result of something in the standard library, which has not been frozen. What kind of math department were you at? It may be due to the slight applied-leaning nature of my department, but the top professors earn six-figure salaries, and the assistant department head that I do research with drives a very nice, new BMW SUV. Still, your friend's point about his lifestyle is important. Teachers at any level are seldom paid well, but the work environment and schedule often make up for it, so long as you still enjoy teaching. Just consider how in the business world, the concept of a sabbatical is often quite foreign. Just because grad schools don't currently engender generalists doesn't mean that they are a bad thing or less important. It's just harder to measure how accomplished and brilliant a generalist is than it is to measure the contribution of a researcher that has made significant progress in a specific area. Generalism is only really well rewarded when it produces an unexpected solution to or progress toward a solution of an open problem. My impression is that professors get to work with industry on their terms: they only collaborate for specific projects that are of interest to them, and they do it in a non-corporate environment, with students to do most of the dirty work. I had my home number linked to my account, but then a third person in the household got a GV number and linked it to our home phone. This caused my account to drop my landline as a forwarding number, but it still works fine with the Gizmo number. So, would you argue in favor of a constitutional amendment? Because as far as the US Constitution is concerned, the innovation is the only thing that matters. Since an amendment is clearly not what's under debate here, what do you think would be the most appropriate resolution for this case, within the constraints of the current constitution? I don't think you could sail "upwind" using just a solar sail, but you could use the sail to reduce your angular momentum about the star and then let gravity pull you back toward the sun. Any ruling striking down the Bilski patent without placing new limits on software patents would be ineffectual, wouldn't it? Breyer alluded to business method patents filed in the form of "Do X, with/on a computer", but if those and purely mathematical software patents are made clearly invalid, then that would take care of most of the problematic software patents. This flu still kills some people. And even for those people who don't suffer serious complications, they are still sick for a few days. If there's no vaccination and the strain becomes epidemic, then you can expect to see at least a 1% drop in GDP solely due to everybody having to miss out on three or four days of work. Chipotle's meats (particularly the steak) can be quite bad at times, but the rest of their stuff is pretty good, and their chips are great. I haven't been to a Taco Bell since a Chipotle opened up in my neighborhood, despite the Taco Bell being quite a bit cheaper and only two blocks further away. Since this is using mini DisplayPort connectors, it will have the same problem that the RadeonHD 5000 series have for 3-way Eyefinity setups: if your monitors don't have DisplayPort connectors, you'll need an active adapter to convert to a DVI port, and those run about $100 each. I really doubt that the market for this card will be very big, given that ATI's Eyefinity is capable of driving 6 displays with more advanced drivers, and at a much lower cost. The risk isn't that somebody else could patent the technology. The risk is that somebody else already has a patent that could be applied to your technology. If you can get a patent for your technology, that makes it much harder for somebody to stretch their patent to cover your technology, because the presumption of competence on the part of the USPTO leads to the conclusion that the two patents cover different things. Go for an HP graphing calculator, then. ARM processor, SD slot, far more powerful programming tools, especially the built-in ones. TI's have BASIC on the calculator, but HPs have an interpreted language, a compiled systems programming language, and an assembler and disassembler all in ROM. And you can run a C cross-compiler on your laptop. It's nowhere near as powerful as a PDA, but it has a great keyboard (for math, at least) and runs off AAs. The $99 adapter is necessary for dual-link DVI, which is necessary to drive a monitor that is over 1920x1200. I don't really know whether people using 8 monitors are typically using high-resolution monitors, or indeed whether the card in question can actually drive several high-resolution monitors, but the necessity of a more expensive adapter has already pissed off many gamers trying for a 3-way eyefinity setup. To my knowledge, Apple hasn't submitted Blocks to any standards body, but that doesn't mean that they don't want it adopted by other systems. They've open-sourced libdispatch, which is most useful with Blocks, and it's been picked up for FreeBSD. Unfortunately, Blocks conflicts with the C++0x proposal for lambdas, which itself conflicts with the Objective-C message notation. However, it seems likely that there will soon (on the timescale of language standardization) be reconciliation and a standard notation for lambdas and closures for C and friends. Libdispatch will almost certainly be compatible with that notation, and be available on most *nix systems that are likely to adopt things like C++0x relatively quickly. In light of that, one could see Blocks as Apple wanting to ensure that at least one closures-for-C implementation starts getting real-world exposure, much as OpenCL was their way of ensuring that there is at least one vendor-neutral GPGPU API, even if it isn't the best possible. If their methods do end up becoming de facto standards , Apple could gain a lot by being the preferred and most mature implementation. If not, there's no real harm to Apple, because their platform is already "different". I don't think what you describe is really accurate for Apple in recent years. For starters, their laptops are objectively the best laptops that are actually portable. Apple has really only been excessively proprietary in a few instances, most notably with the App Store where they are acting out of the fear that an unfiltered marketplace could hurt their platform. (In this respect, they are very much like game console manufacturers.) However, most of their other oddities, including Firewire, AAC, Objective-C, GCD, launchd, and miniDisplayPort are at least as open as their primary competitors. The rest of what you perceive as being too proprietary is probably a combination of Apple's willingness to be different and their refusal to compete in many low-end low-margin markets. I'm typing this on a MacBook Pro running Vista x64. It's a MBP because those are really powerful machines, but still have great battery life and are very compact and portable. It's running Vista x64 because I'm doing scientific computation that involves Windows-only software (mainly SolidWorks). It feels weird and a bit dirty, but I'm pretty sure there isn't another mobile hardware platform that can meet my needs as well as the MBP. I still boot into OS X when I'm doing something like watching a movie or if I'm "off the clock" and doing personal stuff with the machine. It constantly reminds me of just how big a difference there is between Windows and OS X in terms of everyday usability. NeXTSTEP wasn't based off the Linux kernel, and I think even if it had been GPL'd, it probably wouldn't have ended up that the Linux port was the preferred way to run it. Consider that OPENSTEP/Mach was contemporaneous with Red Hat Linux 4 and kernel 2.0. Everybody in the market for a desktop Linux distribution at the time would have jumped ship. If anything, the Mach 2.5 microkernel would have been stripped out in favor of a pure FreeBSD system, which would probably have resulted in Linux having the same also-ran status that the BSDs have now. It's also surprising when you realize how rarely that assumption holds true. Far too many applications ship several versions without ever getting rid of the features that should never have been there in the first place. It's a testament to Google's reputation for quality (and long betas) that we feel we can safely assume that the marginal features will be removed or improved in a timely fashion. He wrote GMail. It's very common for humans to have a strong enough emotional investment and attachment to the fruits of their labor that they act irrationally in manners involving that creation. Seeing GMail get abandoned by users would be psychologically very similar to (though probably far less severe than) the pain of seeing your child spurned by his peers. Wave seems to afford multiple interaction conventions, but unlike with email (where we know the pros and cons of top-posting, for example), it isn't obvious what way works best, and for what situations. It seems unlikely that we'll know anytime soon, either, given that Wave is meant to encompass a wider range of tasks than any of the systems is is typically compared with. Right now, we have the conventions of the linear or hierarchical conversations used by email and web forums, and we have the conventions of the collaboratively annotated and edited documents, but we don't know which to use in the gray areas, because that decision has previously been made by the choice of program. It feels to me like we're driving cars prior to the invention of turn signals, brake lights, stop signs, and demarcated lanes. We have to use trial and error to evolve the rules of the road. Nowhere that I can see do they sell a ~$300 product. They sell "trials" and subscriptions, and hide the full price in fine print. A legit business would at least show a real price tag for the real product. (For example, ads for products with a rebate usually show the after-rebate price in a large font, but the before-rebate price is always adjacent to it, not in a sidebar or at the bottom of the page, and never on a separate page.) What magazines do you subscribe to? All the magazines and newspapers I read sell time-limited (typically annual) subscriptions, and as the year draws to a close they get more and more annoying about asking for a renewal. They are typically advertised along the lines of "10 issues for $60", and that's what they bill you for. Consumers generally only tolerate opt-out billing for ongoing services that aren't delivered in discrete units: things like electricity, water, cable TV, and WoW. A library of n videos is, on the other hand, simply n items. I've recently become a fan of the Black Diamond Apollo LED lanterns for camping use. They're only 3W, and the total light emitted isn't as high as from some of the competitors, but what makes them great is that the mirrors and lenses are shaped perfectly so that it evenly illuminates a tabletop-sized work area, and throws no light upwards. The focusing is easily the most important aspect of the product. However, it seems quite plausible that the different spectrum of LEDs could affect the perceived brightness, particularly if you're wanting the diffuse reflection from LED spotlights to act as ambient lighting. NoScript filters that link as a potential XSS attack. I guess it doesn't like brackets in URLs. That could be a problem for Wolfram if the noscript author can't find a safe way to whitelist wolfram alpha links. Mathematica (and thus Wolfram Alpha) is unusual in it's use of brackets to enclose function arguments. Every other computer algebra system I've used has been content with parentheses. And NoScript is pretty much the leading edge for browser security, so if it thinks brackets are dangerous, they probably are and other browsers could follow at any time. Wolfram Alpha's direct use of Mathematica's notation in URLs seems a bit naive, and it wouldn't be the first time Wolfram embarrassingly misunderstood the way the web works. However, with AMD holding a clear lead in the GPU market at the moment, and the GPU market probably being of more concern to regulators than the chipset market, now is probably the easiest time for Intel to buy NVidia. Your comment implies that sunscreen can cause any of several conditions whose causes are actually completely unknown. The excessive use of sunscreen can merely exacerbate those conditions by further reducing vitamin D levels. For those of us who are healthy and drink plenty of milk, wearing sunscreen when we're out in the sun for a long time is a great way to stay healthy. It seems to me that calling it "ink efficiency" is framing it in a way that ignores readability and legibility. The more common term for this is "font weight", which we already knew was independent of the pitch (size). It shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that the more generally readable typefaces are in the middle of the group. What exactly were you trying to accomplish with this post? You haven't particularly enlightened anybody about the relative performance characteristics of OpenCL and CUDA: The graph shown illustrates nearly identical scaling behavior between OpenCL and CUDA, with OpenCL taking consistently about half a second longer, except at the last data point where it takes a full second longer. In other words, all we're really seeing here is initialization overhead, and without seeing the source code we can't know if this is at all a fair test. It may be that the CUDA runtime is performing more compilation work before the clock starts, or that it is caching the compiled kernels. Based solely on the last data point, it looks like there might be a widening performance gap for larger jobs, but you don't include any larger test cases. The longest run times listed are 7 second jobs, so clearly it wouldn't have been that time-consuming to run some larger test cases. You could also easily use a logarithmic scale on the time axis. (And please fix the misleading horizontal axis!) Additionally, you state that your methodology was to run each job 5 times and take the lowest time. As I mentioned above, there could be caching in the runtime or operating system that makes this a poor real-world test. (OpenCL and AFAIK CUDA allows the programmer to keep a compiled form of a kernel in memory, so if a program has to run a kernel many times, you can ensure that you aren't needlessly re-compiling your kernels. CUDA may be doing this automatically.) It would be better to report the average times, or even to just show all of them on the graph and have the lines go through the average times. And to top it off, the test was simply of doing lots of vector addition. A perfect case of a microbenchmark that doesn't provide useful predictions of real-world performance. Addition is so simple that this is at best a test of memory bandwidth, not computational power. It would have been more useful to test something like an FFT if the intent was to measure efficiency at computation. Also, any good benchmark include hardware and software specs. Were these test run on a CPU or a GPU? What driver versions were involved, and in particular, were either implementations beta-releases? The subjective comments seem like they could be worth discussion, but only with some elaboration first. One can presume that any real-world performance differences between CUDA and OpenCL on the same hardware would be due to the relative immaturity of the OpenCL implementation, or a deliberate choice by Nvidia to make OpenCL look bad. However, given that neither system is particularly entrenched, a debate about the design aspects could be very useful. It sounds like OpenCL has a better workflow (with the exception of debugging), but that the actual code is uglier. I'd be very interested to see comparisons of the kernel code in each language, and a separate comparison of the set-up code needed to run those kernels. (Although I'm a fan of Andreas Klöckner's Python bindings, which greatly simplify the set-up code.) My impression of OpenCL's kernel language has been that it seems seems well-designed, so you comment that the kernel code is ugly surprises me. Have I misunderstood CUDA as a low-level framework offering essentially the same kind of access to the hardware? I can't tell yet from what I've read from various sources whether CUDA has an appreciably better design, or whether it is simply benefiting from the biases of people who learned CUDA first and have been using it longer. That could be the case for a densely populated but otherwise open area. However, NYC is a concrete (and metal!) jungle. The only way to guarantee consistent outdoor coverage would be to put a cell at practically every road intersection. At that point, you might as well make a municipal wi-fi network, too. Or instead, since wi-fi hotspots are much cheaper and higher volume products than micro cells. Nope. Checking the vendor string to determine capabilities when the CPUID instruction already has flags for different capabilities is unjustifiable. When a CPU claims SSE2 support, the compiler should enable SSE2, regardless of the vendor string. If AMD's implementation of SSE2 is buggy, that's their problem, and Intel should have no trouble making it into a PR win. This is really no better than printer manufacturers putting chips into their cartridges so that they can use the DMCA to prevent third parties from refilling or making compatible cartridges. Have you actually looked at the details of the AMD errata? I scanned through quite a few, and none of them looked at all relevant to whether a compiler should enable certain SIMD extensions. Also, for the bugs that do need workarounds, the fix is typically in the BIOS or kernel, not the compiler. Regardless of whatever bugs may or may not exist in AMD's chips, it is anti-competitive for Intel's compiler to refuse to enable SSEx extensions on AMD processors that claim compatibility, when the user has requested SSEx instructions to be used, unless Intel has specific knowledge that AMD has never produced a sufficiently bug-free implementation of SSEx. If somebody cuts you off, the radar is guaranteed to have a faster reaction time than you. Most CS undergraduate programs in the US suck enough these days that numerical analysis isn't taught at the undergrad level. For example, at my school, undergraduates get to choose between the automata/grammars/computability class and a "numerical methods" class that is really watered down. There is a two-semester undergraduate numerical analysis class, but as I recall it can't count toward your degree except as a general elective. To get numerical analysis to count as a CS elective, you have to take the graduate level class. Your two questions seem to imply that programming isn't that closely related to mathematics. Programming may not be that important for the math learned in school, but in general math researchers do at least as much programming as computer science researchers. It is interesting to look at what languages get used for what kinds of research, and how it is affected by the researcher's level of computer science education. For example, those doing numerical analysis kind of research tend strongly toward MATLAB, with Python getting a lot of use from those who are relatively well-educated about computer science, and the lower-level languages used by people with extreme performance needs or who haven't learned any of the newer options. On the other hand, I doubt that any of the numerical researchers I work with have even heard of Haskell, and while some may have heard of APL (though definitely not J), none could use it. What kind of stuff do you use C# for? I can only imagine using it for interoperability and GUI code. It would be very easy for flash to use QTKit to just play a video, in the HTML5 kind of way. But it would be quite a bit harder for them to do it in a way that remains compatible with all the different play/pause/volume/seek controls that different video sites have built in to their flash apps, not to mention the advertising schemes. If they weren't smart about how they handle all the compositing, they could probably end up really slowing things down when there are things like custom translucent controls overlayed above the video. Smart games will do this for you. For example, Warcraft 3 initially lets you choose between normal and hard, but if you lose a mission, it unlocks easy mode. This way, nobody will end up playing through the game watered-down unless that is the only way they can make it through. Everybody who turns out to be competent will experience the game as intended, regardless of their initial estimation of their abilities. Apple's strategy is to not burden their users with the mental load of having to make that tradeoff. Can you imagine trying to use this device for a whole workday and having to worry about whether you quit that last app so that the battery will last until your shift's up? For casual multi-tasking, the speed of the flash memory means that well-written apps should be able to save and restore their state pretty quickly even if the operating system does quit the app when the user switches to a new one. More serious multi-tasking (where you would want side-by-side windows and other major UI changes) would definitely reduce battery life and make things much more complex. $10 for an app is a lot better than the $1-3 iPhone apps typically go for, and not too far from the $20-30 that desktop apps tend to go for. I think that Apple's trying to lead by example with their iWork pricing. Certainly some apps will undercut that, but I think the truly innovative apps that really do things that can't be done with an iPhone and would be inconvenient on a desktop will be able to command a $10 price tag. Nobody owes Adobe anything with regards to Flash. It has sucked for so long (especially on OS X), and been bane of the Web in so many ways that one can only applaud Apple's refusal to inflict Flash upon their mobile devices. Flash games simply don't matter that much to many people who are actually in a position to buy an iPad, and none of the other uses of Flash are particularly excusable. (HTML5 is here, and if you were using Flash for fancy effects and navigation elements, your users probably already hate you for it.) The only way such a device could profit in the market would be if it's version of Flash fixed all the performance and battery life problems that are keeping Flash off Apple's mobile devices. If the performance still sucked, then the device could only remain on the market if it was being sold at a loss, which could lead to anti-trust problems for Adobe (forcing their way into the mobile space the same way Microsoft forced their way into the video game console market). If the performance was fixed, then it seems to me that it would be in Adobe's best interest to try to get it on to Apple's mobile devices ASAP lest more open alternatives like HTML5 actually start to catch on. No, they wouldn't be in trouble. The laptop form factor will always have the advantage of a physical keyboard and higher performance or battery life as compared with the iPad form factor. $400 sounds a bit smaller than the expected Apple markup to get those two advantages, which probably indicates how much more miniaturized the iPad components are compared with the MacBook. If you compare the iPad to the MacBook Air, which is similarly miniaturized, you get a $700 disparity, of which about $500 can be attributed to the difference in form-factor and the resulting expectations, and about $200 of which go to performance and storage improvements that aren't consequences of the relaxed size and weight limits. So, you're saying that when a customer says a phrase with unambiguous meaning, it's excusable for an employee to misinterpret it as a similar, but more common phrase simply because they aren't actually listening to the customer? When you're taking orders, your entire job is to listen to what the customer actually says, not what you expect them to say. If you're half asleep and acting on reflex and as a result you screw up, you deserve to get yelled at by the customer and your boss, because you've failed to do your job. I'm quite aware of the psychology research that's been done and discussed here recently regarding cashiers operating on auto-pilot and reflexively asking "You want fries with that?" after a customer orders fries. These kind of mistakes are common, and to be expected. That doesn't change the fact that you're being paid to not make those mistakes, and if you don't have the mental discipline to catch those mistakes, you aren't fit for the job. I think it's mostly the American tendency to inflate controversy, and it's particularly juicy given that Toyota is the biggest car company and the Camry is now basically the All-American Car. Of course, it seems to me that all the controversy is warranted: I subscribe to the theory that the problem is with the software that controls the engine and transmission. This is because of my own experience with a Camry that shifts at the wrong times and has unpredictable acceleration or lack of acceleration. Several months after we bought the car (a 2007) we were able to get a firmware upgrade that improved the performance somewhat, but at the cost of gas mileage. Since the car doesn't perform as well as it should (it's nowhere near as responsive or efficient as our '97 Camry was), it seems like the underlying problems still haven't been fixed. Toyota has offered two other "solutions" for their problems, but neither rings true, and as the LA Times points out, neither can explain all the reported incidents. If Toyota were covering up their inability to find and fix the real problem, this is what it would look like. Here in the US, we've seen a lack of honesty from Toyota that seems very typical of American corporations. Ultimately, what made Java on the iPhone irrelevant was the fact that the App Store was dominated by hobbyists and independent programmers. Java is not a hobbyist's language; it is the language that the non-technical corporate executives tell you to use . Objective-C and Cocoa were a fun enough environment that individuals were willing to learn how to use them in order to cash in on the iPhone App gold rush. The iPad will probably get more attention from corporate software developers, but it will also be getting a lot more attention from the hobbyists who are drooling over the possibilities of the big multitouch screen, and they are the ones who will be creating the truly innovative apps. (Yes, there are now sound technical reasons to use Java in enterprise environments, but that's only because Sun's marketing got it into the corporations in the first place. Java was originally intended for embedded systems, and later for web browsers. It's completely failed on both platforms.) The lack of a fallback does seem to be the biggest issue. On the iPhone, it doesn't really matter, since none of the flash-based UIs would be usable on it anyways, so a separate version would still need to be developed. The iPad can afford somewhat PC-like interaction, so sites like Hulu could work if there was a flash plugin. What reassures me that Flash is on it's way down is the way web technologies have advanced and been adopted despite IE's dominance and Microsoft's reluctance to properly implement CSS and other newer web features. When Firefox hit the scene, IE was far more dominant than Flash is now, and yet it managed to fight its way into the mainstream. Web sites are now written to follow the standards everywhere that it's convenient, and CSS and JS hacks are used to make it work in IE. Sure, iPad users won't be as forgiving of broken sites as Firefox early adopters were, but their collective voice will be far more influential than the small band of rebels that broke the IE monopoly. It feels to me that the problem isn't so much the the total cognitive load/friction of a user interface, but the kind of thinking an interface demands. In order for an interface composed of high-level abstractions to be something that we can tinker with, it has to be a system that follows logical rules that can be easily inferred, and those rules have to be Turing-complete. Once you have formed an accurate mental model of the software, you can use it very efficiently with a low cognitive load. But ordinary, everyday people don't want to infer how a system works. They don't want to think scientifically, and they won't invest any effort in building a mental model of how the device really works. Instead, they want the device to conform to the mental model they cobble together on the fly - logical consistency be damned. They have no curiosity to learn how to fully use the tool (or else what little curiosity they have is overwhelmed by the frustrations of the software violating their expectations). If they did, they would be programmers, because anybody who understands how computers work will end up using that knowledge to make it do something new. (The power and possibilities of a programmable machine are irresistible to anybody who actually comprehends it, but first you have to overcome the initial task of understanding how the machine computes. And to continue as a programmer, you have to tolerate the frustrations of the leaky abstractions.) If you want a user interface that can be used without any scientific thinking, you have to restrict it to a finite set of capabilities so that you can anticipate what the user will try to do. But at that point it is no longer really a computer: it's a shiny toolbox. You can't make new tools with it; you have to buy them at the App Store. The problem of users being unwilling to think analytically isn't one that Apple can overcome. I doubt that any for-profit corporation can do anything about it, because it is a broad cultural and generational problem. Computers haven't been around long enough for us to know how well the general population will eventually adapt to using them, but it's a sure thing that without true AI, people have to adapt their ways of thinking in order to use the full power of computers. Until then, people will keep wondering why we programmers can't manage to give their Photoshop an "enhance" button that works like the ones they see on TV. Once you add in the multitouch, accelerometer, and processors powerful enough to smoothly present the UI at the higher resolution, you don't have enough left in your budget (or the physical enclosure!) for a battery big enough make the device not suck. Instead of compromising on battery life, Apple chose to simplify the device down to something that $500 of hardware can actually do for 10 hours. There is solace in the fact that we can build really powerful tools like web browsers with social networking apps or CAD programs and normal people can use them if we design them well enough. But Turing-completeness hasn't gone mainstream, and it doesn't look like it will anytime soon. So that leaves us hoping for a breakthrough in AI, because that's what it will take for a computer to be able to always understand the user's intentions. I'm still wondering when Apple will get around to buying Wacom. They bought FingerWorks to get the best multi-touch technology, but I don't think that multitouch will be quite enough to accommodate the full range of capabilities we geeks want from our tablets. The combination of pen input and multitouch offered by Wacom's Bamboo and apparently Axiotron's upcoming Modbook Pro is, however, enough for general purpose computing. (Command lines and programming are still hard with pen input because nobody has made a pen input system that is optimized for all the strange punctuation.) I know that people always have a mental model of how something works. But it's rare that somebody actually stops to consider whether their mental model is accurate or logically consistent, and unless they do, it is neither. If your mental model of a piece of software is self-contradicting, then it obviously can't reliably tell you how to use the software. There's a lot you can do in designing a user interface to try to make sure that the user develops an accurate mental model, but it gets harder as the software gets more complex and more powerful. A car's controls are a pretty good abstraction of it's drivetrain, but most of the complexity of a car exists for the sake of efficiency and increased power, and it's a physical, observable system anyways. I think that once a piece of software becomes Turing-complete, it is impossible for user interface affordances to lead a lazy user toward an accurate mental model. After all, to program, you have to be developing a mental model of what you're creating, within the context of the programming environment . That's two mental models that both have to be accurate, and one of those can't be anticipated at all by the user interface designer. Programming is inherently harder than almost any other thing we do with computers. If a piece of software is Turing complete (and thus subject to tinkering), then the mindlessly-easy-to-use subset of it's capabilities can't be Turing complete. Do a search on the web for "zero tolerance" policies in schools. Read a few of the horror stories, and you will no longer doubt our ability to blow things out of proportion. That blog post doesn't make it clear that Weave is also good for syncing between computers. I've been using it for months to sync between my desktop and my two laptops, where each laptop is running two operating systems. For me, the coolest thing about it is that the history syncing means that the suggestions as I'm typing in a URL are the same on all the machines, so that when I type 's', slashdot and stackoverflow are the first two. Bookmark syncing is also nice because NoScript can store it's rules in a bookmark, so I will only have to whitelist any site once. Schools almost never have that power, but zero-tolerance policies typically mean that police officers are brought in to deal with almost any situation. Once police officers are handling what ought to be simple disciplinary action, it's easy for a student to get charged with something like assaulting a teacher, and then it's almost certain that social services will be involved, and they can take kids away from their parents. This whole process could be triggered by a small child throwing a pencil, and if none of the bureaucrats speak up on behalf of common sense, things can quickly escalate until there are serious investigations into whether the child needs to be removed from the home. Apple doesn't care whether the technology is open, so long as nobody else has sole control. Supporting open web standards is the only way Apple can provide a decent web experience without constantly playing catch-up to whatever Microsoft implements in IE. Creating OpenCL as an open standard was the only way they could provide GPU computing that wasn't totally controlled by NVidia, but would still get support from GPU vendors. Unlike Microsoft, Apple doesn't have the resources to maintain their own proprietary GPU computing language. Killing Flash is the only way Apple can give their users access to dynamic web content with good performance, because Adobe clearly doesn't have the motivation to do it for them. libdispatch is Apple's way of trying to make multithreaded programming easier, and open-sourcing it is the only way that it will become popular enough for most programmers to bother to learn it. Apple wants third-party software on their systems to be multithreaded so that it won't make their system seem slow. Similar things can be said about some of their other open-source projects, like launchd. Overall, it feels like open-source is one of Apple's tools for avoiding the influence of monopolies. When Apple weakens existing monopolies or prevents the formation of new ones, it has the side effect of helping all the other little guys, too. Any sentence containing the word "Mensa" is arrogant. Where do you think Apple is doing an "embrace, extend, extinguish"? Can you point to an open standard that they have added proprietary extensions to? Apple definitely mixes open and proprietary components in their own systems, but I don't see how that hurts any of the open parts, since the closed parts serve different purposes. LLVM is designed to be more than just a compiler. It's different stages can be used separately by other code, making it well suited for building things like static analysis tools. Apple (sponsor and de facto leader of LLVM) has been taking advantage of this to integrate clang-based static analysis into XCode, the proprietary IDE that ships with Mac OS X. Even if GCC had a clean enough architecture to be used this way, the licensing restrictions would force all of XCode to be open-sourced. Apple has publicly stated that more than half of the crash reports they get through the crash reporting tool built in to Mac OS X are due to browser plugins. This is why they implemented a plugin encapsulation system for Safari on Snow Leopard: when a plugin (Flash) goes down, it no longer takes the whole browser with it. It is entirely unreasonable to assume that there is any statistically significant proportion of those plugin crashes that aren't Flash (well, maybe a few Java crashes...). Apple can't publicly blame Flash with any specificity, because they can't have Flash for OS X get abandoned until their mobile strategy has mostly killed Flash anyways. But they still have the raw data and stack traces. And that data indicates that Flash is by far the most crash-prone app on most Macs. NeXT was contractually obliged to not compete with Apple, which pretty much meant they had to stay out of the consumer and home markets, and focus on business and education. That's why their products were very expensive hardcore UNIX workstations (with the best GUI that had ever been put on a UNIX). If Apple had chosen Be, then Jobs would have had to wait until the combined Apple+Be was well and dead before moving back into the personal computer market. On the other hand, had NeXT stayed independent, they would have been able to continue their relationship with Sun and the merger of OPENSTEP and Java, and the combined product could have started weakening the Windows monopoly long before OS X became competitive due to the Intel transition. (It's not too hard to imagine the NeXT/Java development environment seriously catching on in enterprise environments circa 1999.) Why can't Flash make use of Quicktime like every other multimedia app on Macs for the past decade? Adobe has stated that the APIs aren't sufficient, but I haven't seen any of you explain what exactly you do need. If you're looking for an API to specifically feed data to a dedicated decode chip, you're doing it wrong, because hardware abstraction is the operating system's job. If it's merely a problem of the Quicktime APIs being hard to use, then you deserve a swift bankruptcy for complaining about it publicly rather than learning how to program properly on a Mac. The simple fact remains that Flash is so resource-hungry that it is undeniably badly written. On my machine, with a Radeon X1600 GPU that doesn't have any useful h.264 acceleration, playing a certain h.264 video with a resolution of 640x360 causes Flash 10.1 beta 2 to use on average 90% CPU, whereas Quicktime Player playing from a file uses a steady 16%. Flash is wasting three quarters of my CPU cycles on overhead. Yes, I can understand a difference of a few points due to extra layers of IPC and the networking code, but even if I'm generous, the latest-and-greatest Flash pre-release is throwing away every other clock cycle that my CPU has. Edit: I tested the video on VLC as well, to make extra sure that there is no home-field hardware acceleration advantage for QuickTime. VLC uses about 18% CPU. Flash's software decoder is 4-5 times slower than it should be. Or, to state it without shilling: Adobe has been an abusive monopoly in the streaming video market. It's only when a large company controversially decides to try to break that monopoly that people come out of the woodwork to cheer what may be the downfall of a product that truly sucks. Prior to Apple taking on Flash, it was a foregone conclusion that Flash sucks, but it was a necessary evil. That's not much of a reply, much less a refutation. The majority of OS X crash reports are due to crashing plugins . Java applets et al are so rare that Flash might as well be the only plugin that is used. Whether or not your web browser crashes when it isn't using Flash is completely off-topic, unless you are trying to insinuate that Apple can't even tell from a stack dump where the crash originated. In which case, you're taking an awfully roundabout way to calling Apple incompetent liars. Version checks on Mac OS X are not necessary: The system requirements for Flash 10.0 on OS X state that OS X 10.4 or later is required. Mac OS X 10.4 and later ship with QuickTime 7, which includes h.264 support. Quicktime 7 cannot be removed from the operating system. Thus, exactly everybody who can run the latest stable release of Flash for Mac already has an OS-provided h.264 decoder that has proven to be much more efficient than the one that is in Flash. Not using Quicktime on OS X is like not using DirectX 10 on Windows Vista and 7. As to the current performance of the latest Flash beta, what is your justification for Flash requiring five times the computational resources of other video players? What is Flash doing that is not only more intensive than h.264 decoding, but four times more intensive ? There are a couple of ways that a Fusion-style core can be used. You could take advantage of the high-bandwidth, low-latency connection between CPU and GPU to get higher performance, especially in GPGPU applications, but GPGPU hasn't really taken off yet. There's also the limitation that now CPU and GPU are sharing the same heatsink. You could use it to offer a low-end system with good integrated graphics, because there's no longer a penalty for the GPU sharing the CPU's RAM. However, this approach pretty much requires a new socket, which probably eliminates any potential cost savings from not having to buy a discrete GPU. This approach also sacrifices some in flexibility, as adding a discrete graphics card later on makes the on-die GPU worthless unless you have a good asymmetric SLI/Crossfire system, and even then you're limited to the features supported by the on-die GPU. The approach taken so far by Intel and AMD is to use it to make a better low-power platform. Intel's obviously been way ahead here. Ever since the Pentium M, AMD's had trouble keeping up in the mobile market. ATI's GPUs haven't been that great for the mobile market, either. It was obvious in 2006 that this was going to be the hardest approach for AMD to pull of, but it also seems to be the only one that might pay off. That's a problem inherent in the nature of HD codecs. Decoding with a general-purpose CPU is too inefficient. Any platform that has acceptable power consumption for the ultra-portable market is going to have to use dedicated decoding hardware. Once you take HD decoding off the list of things the CPU has to be fast enough for, you have the option to use a small, low-power CPU like the Atom. I don't see any room for improvement by using a different arrangement. Software writers will just have to get used to using the OS provided decoders so that any accelerators present can be used. Several years ago my family got cable internet from Time Warner. The modem/router they provided was one of the first models to support DOCSIS 3.0. We stayed with Time Warner for at least 2 years, and they never rolled out DOCSIS 3 support at their end. The maximum speed we could get from them was 6Mbps. We're now using DSL, and the maximum we can get is 6Mbps, though with more reliability than from cable. The nearest cable box is next to our neighbor's driveway. The phone company has fiber to their box in our other neighbor's yard. There's enough competition to keep price inflation mostly at bay, but there clearly isn't enough to convince the ISPs to invest in the equipment that would be able to give us connections that are four times faster. Efficiency doesn't have a lot to do with it. For all practical purposes, our local ISPs aren't spending any money to improve service in areas that already have some service. OS X has what is probably the most aggressive set of software optimizations aimed at increasing battery life, and no GUI to configure it. The only options you have without delving into command line tools are to turn down screen brightness, disable wi-fi and bluetooth, turn off extra processor cores, and quit applications. Fortunately, the defaults work very well for any common real-world use. Windows offers pretty good configuration options for power management, including setting maximum processor speed (as a percentage) while running on battery or on AC. The author seems to be blurring the lines between fixed tasks like transcoding videos and interactive tasks like games. It's not at all obvious that transcoding with a single-threaded app saves any power over the duration of the job than with a multi-threaded implementation. Most laptop CPUs don't have the kind of power gating that are on the latest chips like the Core i7, so even if no instructions are issued to a core, it still draws some power. With interactive tasks, the only way to save power is to do less, so that the CPU and other components can spend most of their time waiting for the user while in a low-power state. Predictive caching and speculative execution increase the responsiveness of a system on average, but at the cost of performing some tasks whose results won't be used. The only real take-away from this article is that apps that might be used on the go should provide a way to disable these techniques. (It's important to note that games don't do a lot of this stuff, so there your only options are to turn down the eye candy and the frame rate. A good example of how to accomplish this is Torchlight's netbook mode.) Having some content from the next page showing at the edge of your screen is an interesting way to avoid having to waste screen space on scrollbars. I do have to wonder how well it works in practice. How can you tell the difference between a web page that simply doesn't fit, and an app that is indicating that there is more content (but not necessarily relevant to what you're currently looking at)? Also, it seems like this would be a constant reminder of how frustratingly tiny your screen is, and that's not a good thought for a mobile UI to engender. Simpler in what way? Demoscene code is seldom simple to read or write, and usually doesn't take advantage of hardware acceleration. When I think demoscene, I think of getting crazy effects through esoteric bit manipulations. When you're already shipping OpenGL and your whole UI is composited with that, the easiest option is probably just texture mapping on to a low-resolution mesh. Clearly, it has not occurred to you that what Dropbox does is easier said than done . What Dropbox does may not be awe-inspiring when considered in isolation, but the sheer number of failed predecessors who couldn't solve this conceptually simple problem is very impressive. Postal workers shouldn't necessarily be blamed for pornography laws, but that doesn't mean government agents should be treated equally. Highway patrol officers who break traffic laws without using lights and sirens should be punished more severely than a first-time offender who is a normal citizen. Cops who abuse their power need to serve prison time. With great power comes great responsibility. We give our public school teachers a lot of power over the lives of our kids, by entrusting our kids to them for several hours a day. If they abuse the public trust, the potential for damage is much higher, and the punishment should be correspondingly more severe. If we let our schools enact zero-tolerance policies for punishing our kids, we have the right to enact zero-tolerance laws for them f*ing with our kids' lives. That's still better than Wince. iPhone apps are compiled down to ARM machine code. .NET managed code is bytecode for the CLR virtual machine. That's a significant difference. You're using the term "native" to apply to APIs, and giving it the meaning of "not platform-independent". The generally accepted meaning of "native" when used in the term "native code" is "not run on a virtual machine". This is also the definition of native that is in use when native is applied to "applications" or "apps". "Applications" is pretty close in meaning to "code", and "applications" are very different from APIs, so I don't see how you justify interpreting native with a definition that is only applicable to APIs. "Native Apps" is only equivalent to "web apps" on the iPhone because VMs aren't allowed on the iPhone, not because web apps don't use iPhone-specific APIs. I'm pretty sure Toyota will still end up issuing more recalls, and they probably haven't issued their biggest yet. (They haven't confessed to software problems in most vehicles yet, despite plenty of reports that can only be explained by either a software flaw or an unusually high error rate in throttle sensors that also haven't been recalled.) Astute observers have been casting doubts on Toyota's growth rate for years, and the problems that have triggered the recalls have been around just as long. I'm actually surprised how long it took this PR crisis to reach critical mass, and I don't think Twitter did anything to accelerate it. In fact, I'd say it's in the nature of Twitter that it won't be significantly involved until a crisis has already reached critical mass. I'm pretty sure that pdflatex is used far more widely than plain latex these days, given that it is simpler to use and makes it easier to take advantage of PDF features. Did you miss the reports about the estimated value of the Linux kernel being about $1.4 billion ? What makes you think that completely overhauling GUIs on Linux to create a new desktop environment and adding binary compatibility with a completely different (closed-source!) OS would cost less than 2% of what it would take to write just the kernel? Developing a UI framework with comparable technical capabilities to what OS X provides might be doable starting from the best of what's available at the moment given your budget of $20-30m, but building a cohesive desktop environment on top of that would be an extremely huge undertaking. I'm not sure that Valve will be able to get too involved in the app store profits. But the iPhone has done wonders for the casual/2D gaming market, and gotten Apple's APIs a lot of exposure, and 3D gaming on the iPhone forces a developer to get used to OpenGL ES and the Mac development environment. The number of people capable of delivering a good Mac game has exploded over the past few years. When you combine this with Apple's incredible market share among college students, it's clear that companies like Valve have to be strongly considering going cross-platform. The clang developers fully intend to support C++. It's just a more complex language, and as an Apple-supported project, C and Obj-C were higher priorities. clang itself is written in C++ and is self-hosting. I expect that by the end of next year, it will be able to handle Boost and any other reasonable C++ code. Turning off the ignition will kill your power brakes and power steering, and may lock the steering column. Not good if you're in traffic or generally not on a straight, flat road. Shifting into neutral while standing on the brake pedal (and clutch if you have one) seems to be the consensus on what's safest. People often try to make Word do things that require a tool like LaTeX. Most of this is because very few people know about LaTeX, and fewer still know that the quality of LaTeX output makes it worth learning anytime you have a complex document or one that needs to look good . To recycle an analogy: Word is a hammer, and complex documents are screws. When your only tool is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. Ultimately, Word and TeX are just tools for producing formatted documents. It's silly to cling to Word because it's WYSIWYG when it can't actually do the job you need done. When you're in an unintended acceleration situation, you don't want the only solution to be one that introduces several other sudden, unintended changes in the behavior of the car. And in a panic situation, you're not going to be able to reliably turn the key only one click counterclockwise to the off position instead of two clicks to the lock position. Tufte is smarter than at least 99% of public school teachers, and he is one of the best humans alive at making accurate and concise visual explanations of complex data. It wouldn't be particularly surprising to see him succeed where others have failed, because he's better at this kind of thing than pretty much everybody who's tackled this problem before, and he is able to learn from the mistakes of previous attempts. The data has always been accessible, for some definition of "accessible". The job of a guy like Tufte it to put it into a form where it doesn't take as much effort to spot patterns and other hidden trends. Essentially, he'll be trying to lower the barriers of entry to the "informed electorate". Perhaps a less disturbing comparison would be to the way the US National Archives treats the Constitution and Declaration of Independence. I don't think the historical significance of GR is that big (and personally, I think special relativity was a more significant break from previous thinking), but a manuscript of Newton's Principia would be treasured like this. Poor market share despite overwhelming resources is evidence of either poor execution or a major external influence on public opinion. Apple fanboyism and Microsoft hate don't quite explain the extent of the zune's failure. I'm not sure that the smartest investment strategy for Jobs would be to sell lots of stock in order to reduce his risk, given that the most likely reason for Apple's stock price to experience a significant and long-term drop is the death of Steve Jobs. As long as Jobs is running Apple, the market will trust their ability to make a great comeback (and with good reason). I would expect that rule to be more reliable for startups than for large companies that can survive on mediocrity. There have definitely been more people who've chosen to use GMail and GCal than have chosen to use Outlook. Most Outlook users have it forced on them by their employers. (They don't necessarily object, but they weren't given a choice.) If you include Outlook Express, then you have to consider that it had the same tying advantages that IE had over other browsers. Even so, it's been months since I ran across someone who uses Outlook or Outlook Express for personal email. Thunderbird and Apple Mail are somewhat more common among the people I deal with, but the majority of people I deal with use some kind of web mail for their personal email, with GMail completely dominating among those who are at least slightly technical and among kids. When I set up an active screen corner action, I always go for the top-right corner first, because that's the corner my cursor is least likely to hit. I always bring up the spotlight menu with the keyboard, because there's nothing useful to do with it without moving my hands to keyboard anyways. Since search results can be picked using the arrow keys, there's no need to move your cursor away from the part of the screen that you're working in. I think it's clear from the wide differences in performance of multitouch devices that there's a lot of room for valid patents to muddy the waters. labs.moto.com has done some good testing of smartphone screens and found the iPhone to be far more accurate than the competition. My own experience with some non-phone multitouch devices has also shown Apple to be the only one to get it truly right. Even Wacom's Bamboo tablets can barely manage to recognize two-finger gestures, whereas a MacBook Pro can handle jitouch, and recognize those complex gestures well enough for me to consider jitouch indispensable. It's hard to believe that the differences could be due only to software or even relatively obvious improvements in Apple's hardware, so somebody deserves some patents, and it's probably Apple (unless they stole somebody else's technology). The ensuing litigation storm then is more a result of how lucrative the multitouch market is than it is a symptom of messy patent laws. Ultimately, I think it was probably Apple that did (or bought) the research necessary to make a multitouch sensor that is better than a gimmick, and for that they deserve a period of exclusivity to recoup their costs and give them some profits to invest into the next big thing. On the other hand, 20 years is a long time for those of us with lesser budgets to wait for such a cool technology. What we should be hoping for, then, is that somebody more inclined to license their technology can or has independently developed a multitouch sensor that is as good as or better than what Apple's been shipping, and that they can prove this in court if necessary. Reducing the term of these patents might be helpful, but I don't think that there's justification to eliminate hardware patents like these. The current lawsuits are about innovation that has already happened. Most of the players are mobile phone makers that are trying to compete with the iPhone by cloning its most distinctive features. If Apple can successfully use patents to thwart those efforts, it forces Nokia et al to one-up the iPhone instead of just making clones that they can sell to different carriers. (Where's the plethora of multitouch screens with haptic feedback that we ought to be seeing?) The fact that good multitouch was developed by Apple (really, FingerWorks, which Apple bought in 2005) instead of Synaptics or Cirque (who make pretty much everybody else's touchpads) suggests that there was significant innovation, rather than multitouch just being the logical next step. It's easy for software people like us to fall into the trap of thinking that all patents are bad, because software patents have so many problems. (Terms that are way too long for the pace of the industry, too many vague and overly broad patents being granted, patents being granted for what is arguably mathematics, no provisions against patent trolls, etc.) We see and read about mostly the bad side of the patent system, and unless we actually try to find a good side, we'll assume there isn't one. To give an example, I'm listed as a co-inventor on a pending patent application (though I will never get any royalties from it). The patent is for a type of device that costs more than a hundred thousand dollars to build. The owner of the patent will be a small business that deals with such small volumes that they will mostly have to license the patent to other companies in order to fulfill demand, but they hope to build and sell several of these devices themselves. When the project to develop this device started, most of the experts in the field told us that it was impossible. Now that we've published the basics of how our design works, it would be fairly easy for the large players in the industry to replicate our results without having to buy anything from us. If our patent application isn't granted, then the only way for the company to recoup their costs would be to treat the results of my research as a trade secret. (It's too late for that, though, and I've never signed an NDA.) Going the trade secret route would be a loss for the market, as I've already mentioned that the inventors can't meet the demand on their own. Getting a patent is a good compromise that allows my employer to recoup his costs, but also ensures that our invention can be put to good use. Given the current less-than-ideal patent environment, not licensing their patents is probably the only way Apple can maintain the level of product differentiation that enables them to maintain profit margins that fund the kind of R&D that their primary competitors (PC manufaturers) don't do. The loss of the FingerWorks products is bad for consumers, but there's no denying that the iPhone and the App Store it spawned are a far bigger market than FingerWorks would have ever had. If Apple could license the FingerWorks patents for keyboard use in a way that wouldn't erode their other product lines, they probably would. It's important to remember that with the iPhone Apple was very much an upstart, with no experience in the cellular industry. They had a very tough time getting into the market because most carriers wouldn't agree to give Apple enough control to ensure that the carriers didn't ruin the user experience. They've now fundamentally changed the dynamics of the cellular industry, and all the device makers have more leverage. If Nokia and the other established phone manufacturers had been free to clone the iPhone as closely as they wanted, then the iPhone would have been mostly marginalized before Apple could even give it 3G capabilities. Apple would not have a particularly successful product on their hands, and the App Store revolution wouldn't have happened. Without patents, I see there being 3 possible outcomes for my employer: 1. Get screwed. The big players profit from our discoveries, using their name recognition and economies of scale to ensure that we get essentially no business from our invention. We don't recoup our investment. Anticipation of this scenario stifles innovation among start-ups and small businesses. 2. Treat our discoveries as trade secrets, and attempt to have a monopoly. We end up being able to sell enough to recoup our R&D costs. However, we're not able to meet demand, so most of the market goes on buying the current technology (more expensive and less efficient) until one of the bigger players can reverse-engineer our stuff or re-invent it. Clearly, this is sub-optimal for the market as a whole. 3. Treat it as a trade secret, but using only contract law, license it enough to meet demand. We are able to recoup our R&D costs, but without patent filings as evidence, we run a high risk of this deteriorating to case 1 with insurmountable legal costs. All three options lack the guarantee that our findings will eventually become public domain. What other free-market solutions do you see that would be better? Actually, in this case, I don't think there are any major looming patent threats. Part of this is because this industry is much slower-moving than software (so that 20 years isn't forever), but part of it is because what we've done is sufficiently different that no reasonable patent for an existing device could cover the core of our invention. (As I said above, conventional wisdom was that this was impossible, right up until we made it work.) One way of describing our research would be to say that this technology has been evolving down a certain path for 50 years, and we backed up a ways and went off in a different direction. (It's not quite that revolutionary, but it isn't that active a field.) I haven't tried MultiClutch, but from what I can find on the web, it looks like it lets you re-define what the built-in gestures do. This is fairly useful, although it has the downside that apps that are designed with the multitouch gestures in mind lose that functionality. jitouch doesn't change any of the built-in gestures; it just adds a bunch of new ones, and lets you configure those. I find this to work quite well, because many of the gestures (both the standard ones and the jitouch ones) are very intuitive defaults. (eg. the pinch zooming and the rotating. Re-defining these seems like a kludge.) Now that jitouch lets you define character-based gestures, such as drawing an S with two fingers to perform the equivalent of cmd-S (Save), you can get your touchpad to do a lot of stuff without needing to resort to esoteric gestures. If you would read the update to the article that those images are from, you would see that the differences are due to OS X and Windows using the same information differently. Neither one completely ignores any of the hinting or sub-pixel information. The Windows font renderer is optimized to improve Microsoft's idea of readability on moderate-resolution displays. The OS X font renderer is designed to preserve the look of a font more, so that your screen is a more accurate reflection of how it would look on paper. In reality, the readability of large amounts of text is substantially the same across both platforms. (Spacing issues, such as the differences between Word and TeX, affect readability far more at typical desktop resolutions.) The stylistic differences are simply large enough that it can be distracting when you are used to one renderer and you end up in front of another one. We've been seeing complaints for quite a while now. Today is just the day that they start getting substance. And as long as the multitasking doesn't introduce undue complexity or any new lag into the UI, there's nothing wrong or hypocritical about that. It's clear from the range of smartphones out there that multitasking is hard to get right. Palm seems to have the best UI for multitasking, but their performance is far below Apple standards. Multitasking is also somewhat of a long-tail feature. The mainstream, non-nerd majority is what Apple's been targeting with the iPhone and the iPad, and to them the lack of multitasking is at worst a nuisance that is usually offset by the platform's other strengths. The nerds who really badly want multitasking are a significant and vocal minority, but still a minority. Apple's established a clear pattern of not releasing a feature until it is done to their satisfaction (see copy and paste), and this feature is easy to get wrong and hard to get right, and it's not a dealbreaker for too much of their market, so it stands to reason that it would be a long time coming. So long as whatever multitasking system Apple releases raises the bar for ease of use, the wait is justified. I don't think I've seen many (if any) direct arguments that multitasking is bad. Most of what I've seen amounts to congratulating Apple for not attempting to provide multitasking when they can't do it without seriously compromising other aspects of the user experience. You don't seem to acknowledge that there are tradeoffs involved. Apple's competitors have chosen to offer multitasking at the expense of performance (responsiveness, battery life, etc.). Apple's strategy so far has been to not take that performance hit. It seems like they may be shifting now to investing far more than their competitors into their software development to ensure that their multitasking won't cause an unacceptable performance hit. The transmission he's describing is the one that came with my 2007 Camry. (We were later able to get a firmware update that made it reasonably safe to drive.) Those characters would be more accurately called "Strawman 1" and "Strawman 2", or perhaps just "Strawman" and "elblanco". None of the "rabid fanboys" have been claiming that multitasking will reduce battery life down to 5 minutes . Most haven't claimed that nobody uses multitasking; they just say that most normal people can get along without it. The "normal people"/people who love to troll Apple users/you like to claim that Palm, Android, etc. have great multitasking systems, while ignoring the fact that those platforms do have noticeable UI lag, and generally worse battery life or performance. If you're trying to make a sound argument against Apple's stance of offering limited or no multitasking, you need to acknowledge the tradeoffs and then show that the stuttering, longer page loading times, or lower battery life are worth the overall productivity increase of multitasking. You can't just claim the downsides don't exist. Having more choices generally makes it harder to find the best one. I'm implying: 1. It's unlikely that anybody has found an optimal cut+paste system for multi-touch devices. 2. The broader range of imaginable ways of implementing cut+paste means that the first solutions to market are relatively unlikely to be considered "good" once the various options have been more fully explored. 3. The large number of ways to implement cut+paste means that there will almost certainly be a significant difference in the quality/usability of different solutions. These disparities mean that the mere presence or absence of a cut+paste solution is not enough to judge whether a product does a good job of fulfilling the need for cut+paste. Simply asking whether a product has a cut+paste system is not helpful for comparing multitouch devices, because not all methods are equal, and some may be virtually unusable. I agree. A PalmOS or WinCE kind of stylus is probably inferior to multitouch, but a Wacom-style pen that can detect the position while the tip is hovering and has subpixel precision and pressure sensitivity opens a lot of doors. If not for the iPad launch, these laptops would probably have been released in February, so saying "Updates soon" for three months is about as much as could be expected. It sounds like you've got a lot more problems with your macs than most. I'd like to know what kind of third-party software you've got running. On my macs, Flash will regularly eat my cursor, and jitouch and my Wacom drivers can occasionally interfere with my keyboard or cause recent versions of iTunes to crash, but none of these require a reboot, and usually don't even require me to log out to recover. Your MBP clearly needs a new battery if your machine dies when it's still at 20-30%. I bet if you went to the power section of System Profiler, you'd see see the full charge capacity of your battery is less than one fourth of its rated capacity. I once abused a battery so badly that its full charge capacity was less than one tenth of its rated capacity. (Oddly enough, this was partly due to Windows, but that's a story for another day.) The question now is how long it will take Adobe to get a Flash 10.2 beta out that will take advantage of this. As far as we know, this API is exactly what they've been asking for, so presumably they won't have to re-architect anything to be able to start using this API. I can't wait to see benchmarks of how much of a difference this makes. On the other hand, if Adobe spends all summer making more excuses and not delivering acceptable performance on high-end hardware, we'll know that they have screwed themselves so thoroughly that Flash deserves to die. I've measured the CPU usage of playing an H.264 clip at 18% for QuickTime Player, and 90% for Flash 10.1 beta. This was on a machine that does not have any hardware to accelerate H.264, and the number for Flash was measured while there was no interaction with the Flash object, and nothing was being overlaid above the video itself. If we assume that Flash's software decoder actually is at least as efficient as the one built in to the OS, then that means that the non-decoding work (color space conversions, compositing, scaling, and any overhead due to the plugin API) adds up to at least four times more work than the decoding itself. This is while the compositing and scaling are trivial! (The video was being played at native size, not fullscreen, and with nothing overlaid.) If the plugin system really causes that much trouble, then why was Adobe complaining about the lack of a low-level API for hardware-accelerated H.264 decoding? It would seem that they are in more dire need of a much-improved plugin architecture, so that they can outsource more of the compositing and color space conversion. Since Adobe has tried to excuse a lot of the performance problems as due to the lack of an appropriate H.264 API, it's time for them to put their money where their mouth is. If they release a new plugin that uses this new API, and the performance is hardly improved, then it means the complaints about the lack of this API were merely a red herring to shift as much blame as possible to Apple and to distract from the real causes. If performance does increase significantly, it will mean that Flash's software decoder was shit all along, and we can move on to bashing Apple for only supporting 3 of the many hardware H.264 decoders that they ship. The blog you link to makes it clear that there need to be major changes to how in-browser video is handled. It also makes it clear that Adobe's stance is that it is the duty of the operating system to provide APIs that fit Flash's rendering pipeline, rather than have Adobe redesign the Flash player so that it can take advantage of existing acceleration APIs. In the case of the Linux plugin, there are several different APIs that are potentially useful, but Adobe is waiting for the dust to settle and for a clear winner to emerge. Given what we've seen on OS X about how the exact nature of the APIs matters so much to Adobe, it is odd that they are avoiding participating in the open-source process by supporting a particular API and helping ensure that it will meet their needs. I'm pretty sure that the majority of Apple customers feel that way or at least aren't interested in any kind of "Apple lifestyle". The proportion of Apple customers who are true fanboys is probably no higher than the fraction of Dell customers who are gamers with too much money and completely unrealistic opinions about the relative merits of AMD vs Intel and Nvidia vs ATI. The stupid rich Apple fanboys get more disdain than the stupid rich gamers because the Apple fanboys are more ostentatious and the gamers [ab]use technical terminology that makes them sound less subjective. "For example, Apple began with a small open source project and created WebKit, a complete open-source HTML5 rendering engine that is the heart of the Safari web browser used in all our products." He only failed to mention KHTML by name. He most certainly did not claim that they made WebKit on their own. Jobs didn't imply that Flash is responsible for the majority of crashes. What he did say explicitly, and not for the first time, is that Flash is the number one source of crashes on Macs. That's not the kind of claim a chief executive would make without the data to back it up. Regardless of whether the crashes are due to poor code in OS X or poor code in Flash, if Apple wants to maintain a reputation for stability, their biggest enemy is the crashes involving Flash. Since they don't control the quality of code in Flash, they've got reason enough to try to kill Flash without their mobile strategy coming into the picture. When your framework is made to build apps that may be downloaded over the air on the nation's least reliable cellular network, you should at least try not to include the kitchen sink with every app. Waiting for the app to download is the user's first impression after clicking "buy". Hello World is not just an edge case - it's a lower bound. There are plenty of non-trivial apps that can be implemented in under the ~3MB overhead for Flash. Once multitasking arrives, this kind of overhead will be even more important, because small single-purpose utilities will be more useful. Also, if the overhead is 3MB on-disk, the in-memory overhead is likely to be even bigger, and it's not likely that it could be shared between several Flash utilities running simultaneously. All the technical justification you need can be had from Adobe's other half, which only 3 days ago shipped their first Photoshop for Mac which doesn't use Mac OS Classic GUI APIs. Adobe's delay in switching to the more modern APIs is the reason why they couldn't ship a 64-bit Photoshop for Mac until now. As Jobs has explained, they've been burned before. CPUs are probably the best examples of hardware that will protect itself from abuse. They already have a lot of power management circuitry to help battery life, and they have built-in thermal monitoring that will reduce voltage and clockspeed to prevent overheating. This is even used as a selling point on recent processors: "Turbo mode" means the processor is self-overclocking to within it's specified TDP. How would you like it if a virus could flash your BIOS and render your motherboard unusable? It's happened before, and that's why most motherboards now either have their BIOS chips in sockets (so that the manufacturer can mail you a replacement) or have a back-up BIOS chip that you can switch to only with a jumper. It really doesn't matter how much political clout Apple has. The Gizmodo people made the police officers' jobs too easy by publishing all the evidence necessary to convict them. They were low-hanging fruit. I don't think a monoculture has to be a bad thing when it's not backed by an associated monopoly. WebKit is used by Apple's Safari, Google's Chrome, and almost everybody's mobile browsers, but they all have different goals and requirements. They share code where it makes sense, but add to it their own GUIs and other innovations. Competition on the basis of performance is as healthy as ever, and the WebKit world has a lot going on in the way of new features and security. I think that the benefits of standardization and code sharing have far outweighed the "monoculture" dangers for UNIX, and I see no reason why a similar balance between diversity and compatibility can't be achieved for web browsers. I installed python 2.6 from python.org, and then installed the development build of pygame from http://thorbrian.com/pygame/builds.php , and it works fine. (I'm running OS X 10.6.3) I'd rather see communication restricted to nearby cells, but possibly a way to leave messages in place (like ants do with pheromones). This would require cells to be a bit more autonomous, and would prevent information from propagating instantaneously. As we can see from real-world ants, this doesn't preclude cooperation, but does make it a bit harder. I'm pretty sure that most video downloads these days involve first downloading a file to tell your downloader how to get the rest of the data. Apple doesn't want to ship a computer with a crappy integrated GPU, because they want to ensure that users have OpenCL-capable GPUS. Intel is not offering i3s or i5s with good integrated GPUs, and Intel won't let NVidia make chipsets anymore, so in order to offer an i3/i5/i7 system with a good GPU, they need to use 3 big, power hungry chips (CPU+chipset+GPU). During the Core 2 era, Apple took advantage of the great combo of a Core 2 CPU + NVidia chipset with good integrated graphics to offer reasonable performance in smaller packages. They no longer have enough room for a 3 chip solution, so until Intel either improves their GPUs or starts playing nice with NVidia again, Apple faces the choice between using older CPUs or regressing to older enclosures and higher power consumption. Yes, unless one of the rivals has a monopoly. It's not hard to conclude that Gruber is an Apple fan. But that's not what ynniv was asking for clarification on. He asked how you justify saying that "[e]verything for him revolves around being a fan of a product..." when it seems pretty clear to most of us that Gruber intended to convey (and probably truly believes for himself) that everything revolves around being (or not) a fan of good and complete design. Even if the two seem synonymous due to current market conditions, that's not inherent. You seem to be espousing a desire for good products that is similar to the viewpoint Gruber states in this post and others, but you say that his viewpoint isn't genuine. Do you believe that he's been duped by Apple into thinking their products are good, but that you're more immune to that? This needs elaboration. I also think that in the paragraph you quoted earlier from Gruber, he was assuming that the Android and iPhone fans are fans because they identify with statements like the two he provided, rather than that they would identify with those statements because of their status as iPhone or Android fans. It was a serious, honest answer to a question that was in hindsight probably not a serious, honest question. (Certainly the pattern of votes indicates that it was not interpreted as such.) ZeroGravitas has done a fine job of explaining the reasoning behind my answer. The article states that it was harder to focus the optics on the older displays, causing the pictures of them to be blurrier, which could explain the apparently larger inter-pixel gaps in the images of the newer display. Nobody would be that surprised if hugging the antenna causes a call to be dropped when the signal was already marginal, but if you thought that the signal was strong, it would be a big disappointment. The iPhone 4's design, which doesn't make it at all obvious where the antenna is, compounds the gap between what the user thinks is happening and what actually is. I find that if there's something I'll want to read later in the day, I just leave it open in a tab, and if it's something that I'll want to read some other day, I just star it, and it will appear in the "recently bookmarked" menu. The idea of using the bookmarks bar as a shelf is kind of interesting, but I think I'd still rather have the screen space. I think the kind of people who would buy an Android tablet to hack it are probably going to do a lot of surfing on it if it's well suited to the task, since that demographic spends more time on the web than anybody except the Zynga addicts. If hacker types don't end up doing a lot of browsing on a tablet that's flexible enough to satisfy their hacking urges, then it's probably due to serious usability problems. There's a lot of technology in a Wacom pen that is missing from a finger. I'm not aware of a practical way to identify and measure the location of a fingertip that's any significant distance from the screen, except by using cameras. Ultimately, I think any tablet made for serious work will have to implement Wacom pen tech and multitouch. How hot do contact lenses need to be to melt? I would hope that by the time your contacts could absorb enough energy to melt, you would already be in enough pain to force your eyes shut. There are ways to turn down the amplifier (by reducing the voltage to the cathode or the cathode heater), but it would be more practical to simply turn on the device before anybody gets close enough to be subject to really intense radiation. Even if iOS devices completely eclipse the Mac lineup, it can stay around as a profitable business for quite a while: All the big new features in Mac OS X recently have been driven by or also developed for iOS (Core Animation, OpenCL, GCD, Exchange support, etc.), so clearly it won't cost Apple much to maintain Mac OS X. The desktops and laptops have been a fairly slow-moving target lately, and particularly for the laptops they haven't been doing much in the way of revolutionary hardware design since introducing the unibody enclosures. Apple's relatively high profit margins also mean that sales can fall to a very low level before a product line becomes unprofitable. When you also consider how much easier it is to maintain Mac OS X as an iOS development platform than to make Windows a good development platform (due to the strong similarities between iOS and Mac OS X and Apple's control over both), and when you consider that Apple doesn't have any trouble attracting iOS developers in spite of the Mac-only development tools, it's pretty clear that the Mac can keep making Apple money, even if they don't put much work in to it. I think that Ars is over-thinking it. The simple fact is that Intel's roadmaps lately haven't been all that well aligned to Apple's product lines. Back during the days of the Apple-Intel transition, Intel was all about killer laptop chips, which was the biggest weak point of the PPC chips of the day. Apple and Intel were a good match. When it came time for Intel to introduce the successor to the Core 2 microarchitecture, they did it with the i7, a high-end desktop chip. Apple doesn't make a high-end desktop. They make small form-factor desktops and they make workstations. It shouldn't surprise anybody that the desktop i7 didn't get picked up by Apple quickly. When the Nehalem-based Xeons were released, Apple was the first to use them, in the Mac Pro. Much later, Apple was able to get the i5 and i7 into only the biggest of the iMacs, which have always (in the Intel era) been MacBook Pros at heart. Things have been a bit different in the laptop department because of Intel's anti-competitive behavior with respect to graphics chips. First, they refuse to grant NVidia the licenses they need to make chipsets for the mobile Nehalem processors. Then, they refuse to release a mobile i7 that doesn't contain their pathetic integrated graphics that to Apple (who is trying to ensure all their customers can have GPU-accelerated video decoding and OpenCL) is just a big lump of wasted silicon. Thanks to Intel, Apple's laptops need to add an extra graphics chip to their already-crowded motherboards. That's why none of the 13" machines have gotten an i5 yet: they're too small. In order to put an i5 in a MacBook, Apple would have make a major compromise or get really clever during a complete re-design of the internal layout. Ars tries to partially attribute Apple's continued use of the Core 2 to a lack of engineering resources due to a focus on the iOS devices, but that sounds absurd given Apple's recent financial numbers. I think it can be entirely explained by the differing and conflicting interests of Apple and Intel. They undoubtedly are watching each other's mobile strategies, but that's not necessary to explain what's happening with the desktops. It is particularly odd behavior given that in 2006, Intel sold off the mobile portion of the XScale line of ARM chips, but not the rest of the XScale line. Either they've since had a complete change of heart about the wisdom of going after the handheld market, or the 2006 deal was the result of a really huge outbreak of Not Invented Here syndrome. The memory controller and graphics core in Arrandale aren't on-die, but they're in the same package. This, and the fact that the GPU/memory controller is still built on a 45nm process, makes for a much bigger package - according to an earlier Ars article, the new package is twice the size of what's in the MacBook Air. It would be relatively easy (and not entirely unprecedented) for Intel to build a CPU-only Arrandale in a smaller package for Apple if they would let NVidia supply the memory controller as part of their chipset. I've got a $100 Wacom tablet that doubles as a multitouch trackpad. Even though it is far larger than any of Apple's trackpads, it is still much less useful as a trackpad because the lower accuracy makes the multitouch gestures too unreliable to become natural. On my MacBook Pro, I use jitouch to expand the repertoire of gestures to more than a dozen that I use regularly. On the Wacom Bamboo, I seldom bother with anything other than two-finger scrolling, and I doubt that it has the accuracy to support the range of gestures that jitouch has. (Although much of this could be due to the drivers.) http://linuxwacom.git.sourceforge.net/git/gitweb.cgi?p=linux... Judging by the sourceforge git repo, there's been linux support for a while, though I haven't used it yet. I don't know whether the driver offers applications a way to get absolute touch coordinates, but that shouldn't be hard to do either. It also looks like it should be pretty easy to add support for more gestures. When I get some more spare time, I plan to work on this quite a bit to see if the Bamboo sensor is capable of recognizing gestures as reliably as Apple's touchpads. Certainly, Wacom's drivers aren't very good at it, but I don't know how much of that is due to the inadequacy of the hardware. A better version of the test, and straight from the source: http://labs.moto.com/robot_touchscreen_analysis/ The Bamboo's scrolling under Windows is pretty poor. It can't do horizontal and vertical at the same time, and you have to drag your fingers too far before it starts scrolling. Under OS X, the scrolling is a proper 360 degrees, so once you've gotten the speed adjusted to your liking, the only annoyance is that you can't turn off the inertia (which is not smooth). You just have to learn to stop your fingers before you lift them off the pad. All the multitouch gestures can be turned off, so if there are ones you don't like (or just wish did something more useful) you can get rid of them. The zoom and rotate gestures aren't as smooth as Apple's, but I think that probably has more to do with the fact that the Wacom drivers only send keystrokes to applications, rather than the full gesture information in real-time. Wouldn't a "good enough" screen and multitouch sensor pretty much force the price above $99 (if the device is sold at a profit)? Or do you think that $99 is cheap enough that people won't mind resistive touch screens backed by TN panels? I'm not the one who downvoted you, but I do think that casual users aren't quite the opposing goal post to RMS. They are greedy, but more than that, they are short-term thinkers. They can't (even collectively) cause quite as much harm as the guys like Jobs, Gates, Ballmer, and Ellison can when they manipulate the market. Big corporations led by big egos have the power to kill products and permanently remove innovations from the market: by [ab]using software patents, buying and killing threatening start-ups, or under-cutting competitors to drive them out of business. One of the most attractive aspects of a Free Software ecosystem unencumbered by patents is that ideas don't have to die while they are still useful to somebody. If you assume that pi is a normal number (unproven, but likely) then it is almost certain (ie. probability 1) that the digits of e and the square root of 2 are subsequences of the digits of pi. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Normal_number http://mathworld.wolfram.com/NormalNumber.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subsequence http://mathworld.wolfram.com/Subsequence.html Does anybody want to explain why they downvoted a mathematical fact? Those numbers for future purchases are pretty interesting, particularly if you consider where they lead. If those numbers hold relatively steady, then it suggests that Blackberry is doomed to drop below 10% of the installed base, and that Android won't ever be able keep hold of an installed base even one third the size of the iPhone's. In reality, a platform declining as steeply as Blackberry will probably accelerate it's decline until their only remaining customers are those who are locked-in, unless they can make their phones much more enticing before they've lost too many customers. As long as my neighbor and I are both paying the same ISP the same amount of money for an internet connection, then we should have the same probability of one of our packets making it through their network. If I'm making an FTP transfer and my neighbor is teleconferencing, it's fine for some of his packets to be delivered more quickly than some of mine, provided that over any given second, we get to transfer roughly the same amount of data. Until our ISP redefines itself as a telecom provider with ancillary FTP capabilities, their QoS strategies shouldn't benefit my neighbor at my expense. If ISPs are allowed to discriminate significantly based on the protocol, then what's to stop them from inventing a new proprietary video transmission protocol and prioritizing that over any protocol used by YouTube, effectively reimplementing discrimination on the source or destination of traffic (which is the most obvious justification for net neutrality)? Carmack's team is still large enough to develop a top-notch engine that can be used in AAA titles put together by some other shop. The idTech engines have not been slacking in innovation, and the biggest thing limiting their use outside of id recently (lack of scalability down to low-end hardware) is clearly not a problem anymore. Windows 7 has the Math Input Panel, which lets you write equations on a tablet and convert them to MathML. The same recognition engine can be used from OneNote, which I've used to take notes during a lecture and later convert to a decent-looking document. Migrating to open standards is the right thing for Adobe to do, but that's not how Adobe likes to do business. Adobe is lazy. If there's a problem with their software, they'll blame it on somebody else, because talk is cheap. If that doesn't work, they'll wait until the last possible moment to actually put in the time and effort to improve their code. It's a pattern that is most evident with their Mac software: CS5 (released April 2010) was the first version of the suite that was fully Mac OS X native. (Mac OS X was released March 2001). Prior to CS5, they were still using the Mac OS 9 GUI APIs, which, though they weren't officially totally deprecated until June 2007, were obviously always just a transitional compatibility environment. Even prior to the official deprecation of the Carbon UI APIs, Adobe had plenty of reasons to port to Cocoa. Number one was to provide a truly OS X native look-and-feel, which is pretty much impossible to emulate via Carbon. Adobe's approach to dealing with Flash performance on OS X has been similar. When people complained that video playback was unreasonably slow (ie eating up 5x the CPU time that a standalone player would use), they blamed Apple for not providing them with direct low-level access to the video decoding hardware. When Apple called their bluff and gave them exactly what they asked for, Adobe released a flash player that used those APIs but wasn't noticeably faster for anybody, and introduced several new glitches that made it a step backwards for everybody who's Mac predates the NVidia 9400M chipset. On the Windows side of things, Adobe's PDF reader has been such a long-standing resource hog that third-party PDF readers have garnered significant market share in spite of their lack of support for most of the recent advanced features of PDF. If Adobe would take better care of their PDF implementation, it would be good for the progress of the format overall. Further back, Adobe kept their font format (PostScript Type 1) proprietary and expensive so long that Apple had to create TrueType, and Apple ended up licensing it to Microsoft. Several years later, Adobe abandoned Type 1 in favor of co-developing a TrueType-based successor (OpenType) that is finally re-unifying the font market. Adobe seems to think they're playing it safe by being the last rat off each sinking ship, but one of these days, they'll be too slow. I remember Acrobat Reader not sucking up to about version 5 (PDF 1.4, circa 2001). Perhaps not too coincidentally, this is about the level of feature support that most non-Adobe readers have. Only twice in the past year have I encountered a PDF that didn't work in Preview.app. The first was a PDF of my own creation: I was using LaTeX Beamer as an alternative to PowerPoint, and I embedded a 3d model in the presentation. The other file was a two page brochure where the two pages were individual attachments to an otherwise content-less document. (This was stupid enough that I think we can probably blame it on authoring tools making it too easy to use the fancy features and too hard to do the right thing, ie. concatenating the two documents.) Apple said Carbon was a fully supported framework because that's what their developers needed to hear in order to switch to OS X. In reality, even Adobe was smart enough to not use Carbon for any big new projects (Lightroom uses Cocoa on OS X). By the time Apple pulled the plug on 64-bit Carbon, it was clear that the only reasons for its continued existence were Microsoft Office and Adobe CS. Apple was well on their way to having a suitable replacement for Office, and their Pro Apps suite was missing only the hole that CS fills. Neither Microsoft nor Adobe was paying Apple to keep Carbon alive, and Adobe in particular was setting new records for unimportance to Apple because Apple was too busy taking over the consumer market with their Intel machines to really care much about pro tools. (Apple would have had to worry about Microsoft not following them to new APIs if not for the facts that Office doesn't need to go 64-bit, and Microsoft needs to keep Office on the Mac in order to prevent open file formats from catching on.) Adobe wouldn't let Carbon go quietly, so they forced Apple to play the bad guy in killing Carbon. How disgusting that we can't just assume that these 100 year old photos are public domain. In the US, the Constitution doesn't really even allow for copyright protection on works of purely historical interest, but modern copyright laws and treaties don't take this into account. Given that it's suborbital velocities they're aiming for, the return trip is free. (And making it safe is pretty cheap, because there's not much energy to dissipate. The horizontal motion at reentry will be small, as opposed to several times the speed of sound for the space shuttle.) So, he doesn't always get it right when there's a dearth of good polling data on hard-to-predict issues. And an American didn't do a very good job on his first attempt to predict a parliamentary election. Big deal. He's only been in this business for two years, and in that time he's truly earned himself a good reputation. He's also been more open about his methodology than anybody in the mainstream media, and as he gets experience and constructive criticism he's put it to use improving his models. Regardless of whatever axe you have to grind, acquiring 538 represents a raising of the bar for the NYT's standards. (The 538 team has been open enough about their methodology that it is very tempting to simply tell you to put up or shut up: Either find and explain some real flaws in his methods, come up with a better evidence-based method to predict something, or don't criticize him.) His modus operandi is to build a model and feed it data as it becomes available. So when polling of a race is inconsistent and infrequent until right before the election, you shouldn't imply that it is at all improper behavior or Nate Silver's fault if his model and thus his prediction change drastically right before an election. As for the early, subjective post about the odds, that was posted on 27 August 2009, just days after Ted Kennedy died, long before there was any concrete information about who would run even for the primaries, and before there was any concrete information about the electoral influence of the tea party movement. And Nate Silver was still probably right that Romney wouldn't have been able to take Kennedy's seat, since Romney wouldn't have attracted as many of the Tea Party voters. It's not hard to imagine a PC laptop manufacturer designing a light that moves side to side like a Cylon. In fact, this might even be a good fit for an Alienware laptop. Apple can't do well for that segment of the market until those people start to take Apple seriously. Right now, the prevailing opinion among Apple detractors seems to be that all the little touches are "fluff" and polish that don't add up to any monetary value at all. Evidence of this abounds: my favorite example is the multitouch touchpad that Apple uses. If somebody is saying something good about a pointing device on a non-Apple laptop, odds are good that they've never spent time with Apple's touchpad. It's that much better, but if you haven't used it and you don't trust Apple or anybody who uses Apple products, you'll probably never assign it more than about $5 of value, when experienced users would easily value it at ten times that. (That's why it isn't insane for apple to release a standalone touchpad for $70). Fortunately for Apple, far more people have been willing to try the iPhone than have been willing to try their computers, and many of them have discovered that "not sucking" is worth more than a few hundred megahertz. The "halo effect" is real, and is not due entirely to people "buying in" to an Apple lifestyle. The people who have strong technical or financial barriers to using Apple computers are far outnumbered by the proud Apple haters who haven't actually used a Mac long enough to appreciate the little things. However, unless somebody else starts releasing well designed computer hardware and software, Apple will eventually win over most of the haters through sheer ubiquity. (I expect that at some point, there will be a tipping point where hating Apple becomes uncool. If we pass that tipping point before Apple has serious competition, Apple will probably achieve a near-monopoly.) I'm actually dividing the world between people who value good design in the things they use every day, and people who don't value good design. It's just a peculiarity of the market that Apple is the only computer company that is currently effectively targeting the former group. I realize that not all of the latter group actively criticize Apple and Apple users, but they are still likely to be surprised when they sit down and really use an Apple product. Apple's successes in the music and phone industries have both been accompanied with a radical redefinition of the role of the content/service provider. All this article really says is that the Apple TV can't take off unless it is accompanied with a similar revolution for cable companies, and that the author is skeptical that Apple can engineer a revolution in that industry. I think Apple would probably agree to a large extent. The complexities of living room hardware are a result of a reluctance of certain companies to abandon the broadcast paradigm for video. Devices like DVRs and SlingBox are either completely unnecessary or vastly simpler when all video is on-demand. The new Apple TV is what those devices will have to become if the traditional cable business model of transmitting every channel simultaneously to every house is replaced by an all-IP solution. (And that switch will eventually occur, because fiber to the home internet services will eventually force cable providers to reallocate all their channels to IP service.) Once traditional broadcast services die, there's no reason to keep the concept of watching a new show at the exact same time as your neighbor (except in the case of live broadcasts, which Apple demonstrated yesterday that they probably have a solution for). The difficulty for Apple comes from the fact that the whole pricing structure will have to change. Instead of spamming a vague number of viewers with commercials that lengthen the viewing time by 30%, and charging subscribers fees that subsidize content they never watch, providers and consumers will have to deal with real, accurate numbers: how much it really costs to produce a show, how many people are willing to pay to see that show, and how many people really see those ads. This change is far more significant than Apple's wresting control of the iPhone software from the cellular carriers, and far more predictable than the shake-up that resulted from $0.99 songs. Apple can't manipulate all the players in to making this transition happen, so they have to rely on the market forces that already exist and position themselves to be the first and best ones to fill the niche that the Apple TV is waiting for. We know that the iPhone will do on-the-fly tone mapping, but there's also a slim chance that it will store a proper HDR image (such as a 12-bit JPEG or OpenEXR) for later processing. It's really disappointing to see even engadget disparaging HDR because they think it's the same thing as tone-mapping, and because they think tone-mapping always produces freaky results. All HDR really is is a technique for gathering more information that can be post-processed. And, from what little we've seen of HDR+auto tone-mapping on the iPhone, it could be the harbinger not of rampant pyschedelic tone-mapping, but of more reserved and tasteful tone-mapping. One thing I'm willing to bet on, though, is that this will elicit a lot of criticism from the people who've fallen in love with the limitations of current cinematographic techniques. They'll complain about how you can actually see stuff in shadows, and that the lens flare doesn't do enough to obscure the subject, all without realizing that this advance merely makes those things optional. You would probably want to make sure that the tone mapping used from one frame to the next is relatively consistent. What this means is that if you have a scene that is tone-mapped to just fit within the dynamic range of the monitor, and then the brightest lights in the scene are cut, you have a choice: either use a tone mapping that is similar to the previous frame, resulting in an apparently under-exposed frame that uses only a fraction of the dynamic range of the monitor, or use a radically different tone map, which would replace the sudden darkening effect with colors shifting all over the place. A naive automated tone-mapper might take the latter approach in order to be embarrassingly parallel, but in order to look natural, the tone-map would have to shift gradually, just like pupils dilate gradually. These inter-frame data dependencies will make tone-mapping video comparable in complexity to video encoding. It also means that it is unlikely to be a task that can be fully automated, because there is a tradeoff between inter-frame contrast and intra-frame contrast that can only be resolved with knowledge of the artistic intent of the sequence. Using NoScript is probably best. It actually blocks Flash content properly, and protects against most other browsing-related vulnerabilities. Plus, if you don't allow scripts to run from advertiser's domains, most ads can't load. I don't see how a C&D could possibly achieve this unless GOG was too broke to afford any legal representation at all. Even the scariest C&D letter from a single publisher shouldn't be enough to suspend GOG's agreements with other publishers, and for all the publishers to collude to shut down GOG wouldn't make much sense (why did they make agreements with GOG in the first place?), and ought to run afoul of antitrust laws anyways. Well, the simple answer is that is is a con. Disabling hardware capabilities that have already been confirmed by QA is nothing less than an attempt to subvert the laws of supply and demand. The chipmakers are artificially restricting supply of high-end parts in order to maintain the pricing structure they want. They can only get away with it because they are a duopoly, and Moore's Law means that the market forces that could eliminate this practice can't ever catch up. Traffic and parking crimes have victims, they're just not easy to identify. When you make crazy maneuvers on a highway without signalling and trigger a traffic jam that persists for two hours, you have quite a few victims, all affected in minor ways, but it adds up. Parking violations do not always have victims, but clearly you shouldn't be off the hook just because you got lucky that nobody handicapped showed up to find you had taken the spot reserved for people like them. We don't need any special exceptions in order to keep those violations in the same category as fraud. Do you honestly think that Intel is subject to "heavy competition" in the desktop CPU market? They have exactly one competitor (AMD), and because Intel is so much bigger and has so much more money, they always have newer and better fabs. The only ways AMD can be competitive with Intel are to be really daringly clever with their chip design (Athlon 64, and hopefully the upcoming Bobcat and Bulldozer cores), sell their chips at lower profit margins, take advantage of Intel's mistakes (Itanic vs Athlon 64), and to pick their battles wisely (AMD has never been able to field a whole product lineup that is competitive across the board). The barriers of entry to that market are so high that even AMD can't fully surmount them, and AMD definitely can't gain ground or even maintain solvency by doing what Intel does but slightly better. Google's stuff may be a lot more modular than Windows, but that's not to say that there aren't inter-dependencies. Google's web services all share just a few back-end technologies (MapReduce, GFS, BigTable) that are comparable to an OS kernel, with things like GMail and Docs hanging off like subsystems. But even things like Gmail, Docs, Calender, Search, etc. aren't even close to independent. The GMail people need to collaborate with the Docs people to handle attachments and the Calendar people to handle to-do lists and event invitations and the GTalk and Voice people to implement the voice and video chat and phone calling. The Picasa people need to collaborate with the the Google Earth and Maps people to handle geotagging, and the GWT (probably) people to deal with the web interface. The Android people need to collaborate with everybody who works on the front-ends of all the other products in order to develop mobile versions or integrate them more deeply in to the OS. Even if the "collaboration" in many of these instances is mostly limited to using an API published by the other group, there's still the need to make sure that those APIs are sufficient to accomplish the task at hand, and obviously Google's UI consistency between products is more than an accident. I think that to the extent that Microsoft's code is more tightly coupled than Google's or that of a desktop Linux distribution, it's mostly their own fault. Java's multidimensional arrays aren't stored contiguously in memory because rows can be different lengths. If you have an int[][] a, then a[1] is simply a pointer to an int[]. You can't escape the excess of pointers. If you try something like having an array for each component as a substitute for an array of structs, then that places fairly strict upper bounds on the length of the arrays before which you are guaranteed to have killed cache locality. That article forgets that it only applies to relative performance comparisons. Frames per second is still a perfectly valid and useful unit for measuring the performance in an absolute sense: 24fps is just barely enough to be perceived as smooth animation by some people, but 40fps will be perceived as smooth by almost anybody, and and at 57fps, you're closing in on the limitations of consumer display technology, so you can stop optimizing. There's a big difference between creating a product with the purpose of killing another product, and creating a product with the purpose of being better than another product. Google wasn't an attempt to cash in on any kind of "search engine market", it was an attempt to remedy one of the biggest weaknesses of contemporary search engines: how to usefully rank a now-sufficient number of results. Facebook wasn't intended to kill MySpace - it was intended to be better for a certain category of potential MySpace users: students. Initially, it was only marketed and available to them, and it was only after it had completely taken over that market that it was able to start seriously taking on MySpace. Netflix could be said to have been aimed squarely at Blockbuster, but it's major tradeoffs of long wait times and a subscription model versus Blockbuster's same-day service and pay-as-you-go model made Netflix risky enough that nobody could have reasonably stated at the beginning that it stood a good chance of completely killing blockbuster so quickly. Besides, none of the x -killers we see coming out these days are ever as drastically different as netflix was from Blockbuster; they're usually cheap knockoffs or more expensive versions afflicted by feature creep. It took Intel weeks to realize that they had a genuine PR disaster on their hands, and if it had taken them much longer to agree to replace any defective processor, the Pentium brand would have been ruined. They learned their lesson and wholeheartedly did everything they could to smooth things over, but only after a month and a half of making things much worse. By the time Intel started dealing with the situation intelligently, they were facing several lawsuits and even the mainstream media was making jokes at the expense of their flagship product. I don't think that anybody can reliably match all 31 of those colors, particularly when the context changes from similar shades to white. Especially for the big slices, the name needs to be in the slice, not at the side of the chart. The smaller slices can have the names printed in the callout labels along with the percentages. EFF has a conceptually simple mission, and the things are trying to accomplish are generally good for the public at large, so they have nothing to hide behind doublespeak. Most "special interests" would be harmed by a large portion of the general public understanding the full implications of their goals, but the EFF is really in it for the good of normal individuals. If you're only pushing data into an SSD array at hard drive speeds, you won't be able to get all of them to stay out of idle mode, so the total power consumption of the SSD array will probably never top that of the hard drive. To bring some real-world numbers in to this, a Western Digital VelociRaptor (10K RPM) draws 6.2W while reading or writing, and 4.3W while idle but online. An Intel X25-E 64GB draws 2.6W while reading and writing, and 0.06W while idle. Let's assume that you have 7 of the SSDs in a non-RAID aggregated volume, and one of the 450GB VelociRaptors, and you're streaming data to and from them at the fastest rate the VelociRaptor can handle. In order for the SSD array to draw as much power as the active VelociRaptor, you have to average 2.3 SSDs active at once. If the transfers are mostly sequential, you will basically never have more than two SSDs active at once. If you have random accesses, then you can obviously get many of the SSDs active at once, but they can all fulfill their requests and return to idle before the VelociRaptor has served the first request. In order for your SSD array to average the same power consumption as the VelociRaptor, it would have to be executing about 7.7K random 4KB writes per second, or 83K random 4KB reads per second. That difference in performance is big enough that the power draw of SSDs will never be a net disadvantage, and the running cost of an SSD-based solution will not be higher than the running cost of a hard-drive based solution. Do you think the Federal Government has the power to regulate the content of any kind of contract between individuals? Do you think the Federal Government should have the power to regulate the content of any kind of contract between individuals? As soon as the market has to bear the cost of long-term storage of waste, they'll be interested in thorium. What would an aggressive response look like? Did Google show restraint in any way with this? (Perhaps they could have made some counterclaims for Oracle's harm to their business in spite of the fact that Google doesn't make any money directly off Android?) I think if this response seems normal, that's because aggressive smack-downs are the appropriate way to deal with patent trolls, and most software patent cases involve a patent troll. It's not so much that Harmony doesn't comply with the TCK as Harmony wasn't allowed to be tested against the TCK except under Faustian terms: in order to be allowed to test Harmony against the TCK, Apache would have had to make Harmony non-Free. The original StarCraft would almost be too easy: if you look at the system requirements, it's clear that the whole game could be ported to javascript and still run smoothly on modern systems. Vendor lock-in isn't as crucial to Adobe's CS as it is to Office. Microsoft doesn't want anybody to even think that there's such a thing as an "Office alternative", whereas recent years have proven that upstart competitors to components of CS can get traction. So, while killing CS for Mac might work (users switching platforms might outnumber users switching programs), killing Office for Mac would just force universities to switch to ODF and in the long term, it would hurt the rest of Office's markets. The two buttons needed to trigger spotlight are right next to each other, so you can bring it up by rolling your thumb from one to the other, which is at most 50% more inconvenient than just pressing the first button. The dual-link thing only applies to DVI, which Apple doesn't even use externally anymore, let alone internally. Also, the success of AMD's Eyefinity shows that modern GPUs can handle very high resolutions effortlessly for anything other than complicated 3d rendering. 2D and simple 3D (of the sort that might be used by a compositing window manager) are too easy. The only limitation is that producing very high DPI displays in large sizes with acceptable defect rates is extremely expensive. The command key does need to register first, though. How easy that is depends a bit on what style of keyboard you have. With the old full-travel desktop keyboards, it's a bit awkward. With the pre-"chiclet" laptop keyboards, where there is no significant gap between the keys and the edges are simply beveled, it's pretty easy and smooth. I don't have a chiclet keyboard handy at the moment to test, but it probably isn't any more awkward than the full-travel keyboards. I don't think Luddites are savvy enough to figure out how to disable JavaScript, and most of the people who disable JavaScript are probably at the opposite end of the spectrum: people who know the privacy and security risks of JavaScript, and who would rather a website be obviously broken on the first visit than have it be subversively annoying and ad-laden. If an e-commerce site won't let me get to their product list and see prices without cookies and Javascript, I won't buy from them if there are alternatives. There's no real justification for making a simple online store 100% AJAX for even the most basic features, so the sites that do that don't get my money. (They probably don't do to well from an SEO perspective, either.) Blogs that require cookies and JavaScript before they'll show their content are obviously more concerned with spamming me than being of use to me, so they also get closed immediately. Do you really think that poor support for non-standard music library locations is a legitimate complaint? What's so horribly wrong with ~/Music/iTunes as the location for your iTunes music library? Or, just use mdfind, the command line interface to spotlight. iTunes already has a solution for this: shared libraries. It's much, much easier to configure than NFS, and it's fully supported. Why do you demand the ability to reinvent the wheel? (Also, iTunes will play ogg files if you install the Xiph codecs for QuickTime. This has been the case since at least 2006, and you've stated that you last used iTunes in 2007, so I suspect you're not even trying to be fair in your criticism of iTunes, which is a shame given that there are plenty of real problems with it.) Apple already has CPU design teams, from their acquisitions of Intrinsity (designers of what's now known as the Apple A4), and PA Semi. The Intrinsity acquisition in particular should have guaranteed that Apple has full licenses to all ARM tech (though given Apple's history with ARM, they probably already did). Since they've already got one of the best ARM design teams around, and a bunch of other experienced CPU designers, they probably wouldn't gain much from ARM itself. It certainly wouldn't be worth the trouble of getting the deal through regulators. I could easily see Apple wanting to buy or closely partner with AMD in a few years, if things go well for AMD. Certainly, their graphics business is going quite well these days, but the future of their CPU products is uncertain. If both their Bobcat and Bulldozer architectures are successful, then Apple might well be willing to risk alienating Intel. (Not that Intel has been showing any sign that they care if they alienate Apple.) There would still be the problem that AMD always lags behind Intel in fab technology, which is why they have trouble going after the highest-performance and lowest-power segments. No matter how much cash you have on hand, there's no quick fix for that. At least with Intel CPUs, Apple products can generally match the performance of any competitor, and any price premium can be attributed to the better industrial design, integration, and software. If Apple switched to AMD processors, most of their computers would now be afflicted by a performance deficit in addition to the existing "Apple tax". NVidia doesn't seem like a tantalizing acquisition for anybody except perhaps Intel, if they can admit that they don't know how to make a good GPU. NVidia has been mostly squeezed out of the chipset and integrated graphics markets by Intel's shady tactics and the awkwardness of AMD now owning ATI, and the discrete graphics war hasn't been going well for NVidia for quite some time, with no respite in sight. (This month, AMD will be releasing their third consecutive generation of GPUs that soundly beat the competition in price/performance comparisons at most price points. NVidia can't really do anything about it in the short term, because their chips are simply bigger for the same performance, so their profit margins are lower. They've been trying to mitigate this by focusing on HPC, but that's not catching on quickly enough, either.) If you want to see where "pro-life" may be stretching the truth, consider that not all "pro-life"-ers are vegans. When they say "pro-life", they're trying to imply that embryos are people, which is really the crux of the debate. But whether an embryo is sentient or if its life has more value than that of a dog or cow is a debatable point for people who don't derive their opinions from their dogma. If you take "pro-life" to be short for "pro- sentient life", then you've shifted focus away from the issue over to what's pretty much a tautology. Google's strategy with Android is to surrender complete control to the carriers. This is a consequence of them using an open source license that doesn't have GPLv3 style protections to ensure continued openness. Apple is the only company that we have seen in recent years do anything to weaken the carrier oligopoly. They probably aren't the only ones who have tried, but they are the only ones who have succeeded publicly. Thus it is entirely fair to say that Apple is the only company capable of creating competition in this market, so far. So, what general product do you think the iPhone was based on? The Blackberry, or perhaps the Treo, since that had a touch screen? In order to say that Apple didn't come up with the idea behind the iPod or the iPhone, you have to generalize the category to the point that it was painfully obvious to anybody even remotely aware of what's going on in the industry. MP3 players are an obvious idea to anybody who has heard of the Walkman and knows that computers can store and play music. The idea of using a tiny hard drive in one is similarly obvious. So is the idea of making a phone that can surf the web and also be an MP3 player. When people praise Apple's ingenuity with the iPhone and iPod, they are referring to the fact that almost everything other than the most fundamental idea was revolutionary or at least clever. In other words, every aspect of the product that actually affects its success in the marketplace was invented or re-invented. And neither does "pro abortion choice". Basically everyone involved prefers oversimplification to accuracy, which is one of the top two reasons why the "debate" can't go anywhere. The point is locality: if you jump to the definition, then the site of the call is no longer on screen. Being able to easily bring up the definition or at least the prototype and a one-line description without losing the current context would be quite useful. Well, in 2007, Jobs was just barely able to get one carrier to surrender some control to the handset manufacturer. The iPhone would have been a non-starter if Jobs had been asking for all control over the software to be surrendered to the consumer. You can't always deploy your altered versions to your devices. Carriers have been experimenting with various techniques for locking down devices that have been rooted in any way, and the only completely unlocked Android phone (Nexus One when sold through Google) was a flop. If your reply to this is that you can always bypass whatever DRM they put in place: well, you can do that on the iPhone too. And if you're willing to count something as "open" when reverse engineering is required to use modified software, then the availability of source code for a reference implementation ceases to be a meaningful difference. Android is no more "open" than iOS under that definition, just easier to work on. Open is not the same as "open, if you run it on special developer hardware". The Android platform cannot really be said to be open if none of the consumer products based on it are open. If Google actually cared about Android being open, they would have used GPLv3, to ensure that it stays open. In reality, they simply couldn't negotiate with carriers as well as Apple, so they've chosen to re-frame their capitulation as "openness". The i3/5/7 laptop chips these days come with on-chip integrated graphics that is way below Apple's standards, and doesn't support OpenCL. Apple really wants all of their machines to support OpenCL on the graphics chip. In order to get this, they need to use an NVidia graphics chip. For the Core 2 generation CPUs, NVidia produces a chipset with one of their GPUs integrated. For the i3/5/7 generation, Intel refused to let NVidia make chipsets. In order for Apple to get NVidia graphics in a laptop with an i3/5/7, they have to have the i3/5/7 CPU, an Intel chipset, and an NVidia graphics chip. The necessity of using 3 big, hot chips instead of two increases the parts costs, slightly increases the power consumption, makes cooling and motherboard design more complicated, and, in the case of the MacBook Air, they pretty much don't fit unless you make the machine thicker or use a smaller battery. Until Intel can produce a decent graphics core or they decide to play nice with NVidia, ultraportables have to decide whether to have good graphics or the latest CPUs. (If, however, AMD's upcoming mobile Fusion parts end up being as fast or faster than the Core 2, this will change significantly.) The MacBook Air's Geforce 320M is a significantly better GPU than anything Intel has shipped. I would be shocked if 10.7's CPU requirements were anything more stringent than a 64-bit capable CPU (ie. Core 2 or later). There's a chance that they might drop support for low-end GPUs like then Intel GMA950, but it seems too soon for them to require an OpenCL-capable GPU, so they'll probably keep Intel graphics support around until they're ready to make that jump. How many malware writers are going to pay $99 a year to Apple for the privelege of trying to sneak malware into Apple's store under the guise of something useful? Gaming's not the only advantage that a Geforce chip has over Intel's graphics, since the NVidia chip supports GPGPU. Used properly, OpenCL could make up for the slow CPU for things like Photoshop effects and video editing. It's a tradeoff that's highly dependent on what kind of software you want to run. Or compared to an Intel Atom, which is the typical processor for netbooks. If command line work is such a large portion of what you do with your mac, why aren't you using X11? I'd settle for a single plug for power (MagSafe) and a single plug for data (Lightpeak). If you want a data cable to provide significant amounts of power or power at significant distances, it will end up having to be thick and expensive, and so will the device providing the power. LightPeak has the potential to replace USB, Firewire, Ethernet, and all kinds of digital A/V cables, but it can only economically replace all of them if it doesn't have to provide DC power. I really don't want Intel to screw up this opportunity by trying to make LightPeak provide power under some circumstances but not others (like USB and eSATA), or by charging silly licensing fees (like Apple did for Firewire), or by crippling the controller performance to save cost (like USB's lack of DMA or low-latency transfers). I'm pretty sure that the patent situation between AMD and Intel is one of mutually assured destruction, given that AMD created the 64-bit extensions to x86. Intel could complain a lot and file some lawsuits, but if they seriously tried to block the acquisition of AMD, they would be putting their whole patent portfolio at risk and opening themselves up to billions of dollars of punitive fines from antitrust regulators. That sentence doesn't seem to be supported by the citation as redacted and posted online, or I just can't find the relevant language. It looks to me like the list of sections that survive the termination of the agreement doesn't include section 3, which is the actual cross-licensing section. I'm not a lawyer, though, so please point me to the section that has that effect. Even if the agreement does stipulate that AMD's patent license to Intel becomes perpetual upon termination due to change of control, I really doubt that it is legal in the US, since it basically means that a third party can't buy their way in to the market unless they bribe both AMD and Intel to weaken the duopoly. That would seem to amount to a cartel. It sure seems to me that the Wii has revolutionized gaming as a mainstream social activity, even if it hasn't really affected "hardcore" gaming. Wouldn't this method at least have the advantage of being a drop-in replacement, where multigrid methods require a bit more work to integrate in to your solver? The only difficulty would be with the earlier Intel graphics chips (GMA9xx and GMA3xx0, the latter used more recently on some Atom machines). Some of these models support OpenGL 2.0 but their Windows drivers don't. Nobody's going to care about pre-DX9 hardware, and everybody else will have OpenGL 2.0 acceleration if they have Direct3D acceleration. Fuel taxes are a great way to reduce fuel use, but they aren't a very direct incentive to reduce fuel waste. Since there's no viable replacement for fossil fuels for cars (and public transportation in America generally sucks and can't be fixed quickly), it's fuel waste that needs to be attacked more than aggregate fuel use. MS devs deserve sympathy for the shortsightedness of their managers, who thought that Windows Mobile was good enough for a market that they didn't know was competitive. Micorsoft's developers may have been handed an awfully short timeline for Windows Phone 7, but the company as a whole had plenty of warning. Exactly. When a town's economy is significantly dependent on how reliably biased its courts are, such that hotels and other businesses are sustained by visiting lawyers, that's a clear sign that the courts are messed up beyond any political excuse. Trial by jury isn't due process in that town, because an unbiased jury can't be assembled from its citizens. Windows performance can suck on hardware well above the "minimum system requirements", and this has taught most computer users to know that new features come at a price. Mac OS X's trend of new releases being faster on the same hardware is a shockingly rare exception to the norm, and due to Apple's habit of releasing features before they're optimized. (The whole Quartz system took several releases to get up to acceptable performance, and Spotlight also made very significant gains after the initial release.) You should be careful how you use the term "flashblock". For desktop web browsers, most "flashblock" tools only hide the flash objects. They do this to not break compatibility as thoroughly, but it unfortunately means that browsers running flashblock are still generally 100% compatible with flash-based security exploits. It seems reasonable to expect that such tools can hardly improve the battery life over unrestricted Flash. I don't know if this applies to Android, but on a MacBook Air, you're best off using Adblock and/or NoScript to ensure that flash objects and advertising scripts never even get fetched over the network. What I'm saying is that if Flashblock can't stop a script in a "blocked" flash object from installing a trojan, then clearly Flashblock isn't effective at preventing flash objects from getting CPU time. But all of those are far more accessible than 29573.53L/100km, which most people would just round up to "a hell of a lot". Using conventional units doesn't really help when the magnitude is so high. What good is Java if there's no longer a spec to help ensure cross-platform compatibility? Also, there are major trademark, patent, and copyright issues that need to be settled before anybody can safely fork Java and stop adhering to the spec. You're generally paying a few hundred extra for the aluminum body, the shiny Apple logo, the comparatively huge multitouch trackpad, firewire, bluetooth, backlit keyboard paired with an ambient light sensor, a brighter, higher-contrast display, and a longer-lasting battery (though a lot of that is due to software). Often times (including when comparing against the ThinkPad Edge) you're also upgrading from a toy Intel GPU to an NVidia GPU. If Apple has a long-standing contract for deliveries of flash, Samsung probably can't easily say that they'd prefer to keep the flash memory for use in their own gadgets. Considering that at times Apple has placed orders for more than half of Samsung's annual output, such a contract is likely to exist. I agree that the flash market has changed a lot in the past two years, but no mobile gadget maker can compete with Apple as a reliable consumer of flash memory. Even the newcomers who are using the flash to build SSDs probably have to deal with the fact that Apple's deal with Samsung was made first, and sales to Apple went a long way towards funding the fabs that enable Samsung to now sell flash to so many other companies, too. You seem to be operating under some misconceptions about antitrust law in the US. Being a near-monopoly is not illegal. Abusing your monopoly to force your way into a new market is, but simply using profits from one product line to fund R&D on a new product doesn't count. Even if Apple has achieved a near-monopoly over digital music or sales or portable music, it's not at all clear that they have had the opportunity to abuse that monopoly. There have been cases (Psystar, etc.) that have tried to get the bundling of Mac OS X and Apple computers ruled as illegal tying, and they have failed. For the foreseeable future, there will not be grounds for a federal antitrust case against Apple. You should try to conceive of Apple as the poster child for a successful business strategy: vertical integration. A large part of the success of Apple's expansion beyond computers is due to the fact that they can and have ensured that the products work well together, and that most of the products they have introduced have been natural complements of their existing products. You also seem to be somewhat ignorant of the timeline of Apple's rise over the past decade. The iPod was on the market and gaining traction for a year and a half before the iTunes Music Store opened. At the time the iTunes Store opened, DRM was mandated by pretty much all the content owners. If this contributed to Apple getting a monopoly on digital music sales, the blame should fall on the music studios for not insisting that the online stores they deal with use a single interoperable DRM system, and not on Apple, who had no incentive to promoting interoperability with other music stores and players. The profits of the iPod+iTunes Store combo provided most of the funding for the Intel switch and the development of the iPhone. Like the iPod, the iPhone was on the market and gaining traction for about a year and a half before the App Store opened. It's hard to argue that Apple's computers have been helped much by the iPod and iPhone other than by generally strengthening the Apple brand. Each step of the way to their current position, Apple has done it by introducing products that can be at least moderately successful on their own, without the hardware/software tying you are complaining about. None of those individual steps has been anywhere as close to monopoly abuse as, say, Microsoft's entry in to the video game console market, which faced no significant legal challenges. Nor has Apple clearly erected any artificial barriers to entry for competitors. Their agreements with content producers are not exclusive, and now that DRM is not applied to music sales, there's no significant barrier to using music purchased through iTunes on other music players. To the extent that Apple has created any barriers to competition, it has only been by raising the standards for usability and quality. By that I meant that it was largely Apple that proved that it was a good idea for Samsung to expand their flash production capabilities, and Apple also had a significant effect to drive their competitors to start buying flash in such large quantities. I don't think there's enough publicly available information to determine whether Samsung's profits off Apple were enough to directly finance a whole fab, but when one company starts buying half your production capacity of a commodity item, that's a good sign that expanding your capacity will soon be worth every penny invested. All this patch does is add a smarter default for just such an API: cgroups. Obviously, any change to the default behavior is going to require building a new kernel. There may be good reasons for completely plugable schedulers, but this is not one of them. I've done pretty much this for the few e-books I've bought. None of the e-book applications for OS X do proper justification with automatic hyphenation, and some of them (such as B&N's eReader) don't even use subpixel antialiasing. The DRM is generally pretty weak, and it only takes a few regexes to convert them in to valid LaTeX code. After you clean it up a bit and add the semantic markup necessary to get proper chapter divisions, etc., you get a PDF that's a true book , suitable for printing, with typography that is actually readable. In my experience (admittedly only with recent versions) there aren't any problems that crop up when using XeTeX with the memoir class for simple stuff like ebooks. The only real downside is that the microtype support in XeTeX isn't as good as in pdfTeX, but LuaTeX is pretty close to providing the best of both worlds. Ars Technica's most notable Apple reporter, John Siracusa, still holds a grudge against Apple for nearly every way in which Mac OS X went with a NeXT-style user interface over a Classic Mac OS UI paradigm. They do a good job of producing informative articles, but you have to watch out for anything subjective, because a lot of it is quite unreasonable, and it's quite common for their conclusions about an Apple product to be invalid and useless for anyone living in the real world. The apparent bias in any given article can be all over the map, but on average, they seem to slightly prefer being unfair to Apple. They've gotten in rather a lot of trouble for doing that in the past. Do you have any evidence that they have been doing it since the emergence of the netbook market? The way Microsoft has handled the mobile market for the past 15 years, it seems likely that they'll go through at least two or three more mobile operating systems before the market can decide whether x86 belongs in handheld devices. GNUstep as a desktop environment has definitely not gotten the work it needs (the core of the desktop experience, GWorkspace, just got its first official maintainer in years), but the core has been fairly well maintained. They've got pretty much complete support for Obj-C 2.0 features and LLVM clang in a runtime that was written from scratch, and the whole thing is cross-platform (including Windows support). To me, the most interesting aspect of this is that Sony did all this without communicating with the GNUstep community. We don't yet have a clue what the extent of their changes are, or what components were used or not used, so it's impossible to say whether Sony's work can directly benefit GNUstep. The problem is that it was worth Tandberg's effort to put together and submit this fraudulent patent application. Enough applications like this get granted, and later go unchallenged or get upheld, that Tandberg had a reasonable expectation that they would get a patent to extort money out of somebody or scare competitors out of competing with them. Software patents need to be harder to get, easier to overturn, and there need to be steep incentives to not submit invalid applications. I don't see how the quote was relevant given that there is already plenty of evidence that will defeat the patent application, but it seems like very few people actually know the constitutional basis for intellectual property laws. Even here on HN, I've seen posts from people who think patents are intended as a reward for inventors, rather than an incentive to invent. Under US law, inventors and writers do not automatically deserve exclusive rights - those rights are granted only as a means to encourage progress. Miles per gallon of coal? If you're going to try to come up with an equivalent number, are you going to base it on carbon emissions or on cost to the consumer? Either way, it will be highly variable: gas prices fluctuate relative to electricity prices, and different sources of electricity lead to different emissions per kWh. At least with gasoline-powered cars, the differences between EPA estimates and real-world consumption are factors under the driver's control. This isn't the case with BS numbers for EVs, so the numbers end up being pretty much useless to the consumer. If the number is not going to be useful to the consumer, then there's no reason to mandate it be on the sticker. It's not enough to just let students take the classes at their level; you also have to offer them classes at their pace. The 5th grader who's ready for algebra is probably capable of finishing the course in a third of the time that it would take a 9th grader who is taking algebra at the usual age for US students (at least, that was the case for me and the cohort of segregated gifted students I was in). Offering special classes for gifted students can also help solve a lot of problems stemming from disparities in emotional and academic maturity, or offer instructors the chance to provide greater depth or branch out beyond the standard curriculum. The way I think about it: our brains create perception by combining raw observations with expectations derived from a mental model built on experience, in a process similar to a Kalman filter. Most of the time, the correction based on the mental model helps, such as when an object is partially obscured. Cases like the concave face are false positives for normal people, where experience overrides percpetion. Schizophrenics weight the observations more heavily than the predictions, so they are less likely to experience false positives, but I would expect them to be consequently more likely to experience false negatives (ie. perceiving things too literally, in spite of logic). Or, just use LLVM's link time optimization: http://llvm.org/docs/LinkTimeOptimization.html Chrome's JS blocking doesn't allow you to distinguish between first-party scripts and third-party scripts, which makes it almost useless as a security tool, even if you ignore all the non-JS-blocking features of NoScript. The best thing about NoScript is the ability to break only the ads, not the whole site. We're very close to being able to replace a personal computer with cloud-based services, but the technology to replace a workstation is still in its infancy. We've got things like WebGL and Google Native Client, but they're immature and can't yet be strung together to easily make something like a 3d content creation app. Amazon's EC2 now offers GPGPU instances, but there are no frameworks to help me port my scientific computing app to use EC2 as a backend and WebGL as a front-end. (And I'd be out of luck if I wanted to visualize a resulting data set that exceeded 4GB: I'd have to shift all or part of the rendering pipeline to the cloud, and WebGL means it would be all or nothing.) It also seems a bit absurd that we still need something more than a web browser to do web development. The other big thing lacking is integration: I can't save a Google Doc directly to my Dropbox account, proper OpenID support isn't widespread, when Photoshop does come to the cloud, I definitely won't be able to upload directly to Picasa and Flickr, and nobody seems to be interested in enabling the seamless (secure) sharing of data between web apps. To add to enneff's comment: procedural knowledge is at least as important as the end result of a derivation, and in the long run is more useful. I had several mathematical classes that weren't actually math classes (eg. statistics and physics) where other students would cram to memorize a page full of formulas, and I wouldn't even know the names of most of them going in to the exams - any formula that I could derive in under three minutes wasn't worth memorizing. When a major outstanding problem in mathematics is finally resolved, it's surprisingly rare for people to care much about the result. Generally, people have checked enough cases or used other methods to be fairly sure what the answer really is. What gets mathematicians excited is the fact that a new proof brings with it new techniques (because if a problem can be solved using existing techniques, it doesn't withstand attack long enough to become legendary). This would be good news for anybody who wants a laptop with good graphics (at least until AMD can ship a great mobile Fusion chip, which isn't likely to happen anytime soon). What I don't understand is why, given the hardball Intel has been playing, I haven't seen much reference to NVidia's GPU related patents before this. We know that there are a lot of patent holders other than AMD and NVidia complicating things, but it would seem that after all these years, NVidia has got to have at least a few killer patents of their own. With Intel trying to make their agreement completely one-sided, why hasn't NVidia been threatening to cancel the agreement completely and use their GPU patents to get a C&D order against Intel's flagship consumer CPUs? Could you be a bit more specific about what you were expecting? Did you think they could make it magically shoehorn web apps into a desktop metaphor? What more does it need than just a web browser, given that the whole point of Chrome OS is to be just a web browser? Are overlapping or tiled windows really that useful for web apps being squeezed in to a low-end 12" laptop screen? They've got a system for chat windows and notifications to show up on top of the main window, and they've got a full-screen button to hide all the window decorations. The only real use a more complex window manager would have is enabling you to show two documents side by side, but I doubt that the horizontal screen resolution is high enough for that to work with most web apps. Then think about it in terms of form factor and input devices: computers have physical keyboards and indirect relative pointing devices. Tablets and smartphones are touch-based, with (so far) no haptic feedback and lower precision of pointing, but the advantages of direct pointing. I think weather underground deserves a mention because it provides a lot more data than most weather sites. It may not be very fancy and dynamic, but most of the sites that are use their flashiness to distract from their deeper shortcomings. I think you've got the date range wrong there. For many recent startups, it's too soon to tell if they'll avoid death and acquisition and survive as independent companies. You need to look at the companies that have been around long enough to hit it big on their own (most of the current giants) or stay small and friendly but in a sustainable way (harder to find, but by no means unheard of). But how many web apps (or any web sites) are actually useful when reduced to a width of 640px? Almost everything on the web these days is designed for a width that's far more than half of the 1280px that is the widest reasonable estimate for the Cr-48's screen. I've measured GMail, Picasa, and Google Docs as needing 795px, 813px, and 889px, respectively, and Pandora with its ads wants a window more than 1000px wide. If Google's going to show off side-by-side multitasking on a ChromeOS notebook, they'll have to use somebody else's web apps. If "the cloud" starts to tread on more serious territory and people reach the point where they're willing an able to do things on the web that they would previously use a $1000+ computer for, then Google will have to revisit Chrome OS's basic paradigm. But until then, the main purpose for Chrome OS is to make a true netbook. The government shouldn't interfere with private transactions without proper cause and due process. When a big business complies with a "polite request" from the government, and that request is the sort that would be illegal and justification for armed rebellion if it were phrased as an order, that business is unethical and colluding with corrupt government. Perhaps you think comparisons to something like the French Revolution are unjustified merely because the scope of the current turmoil is nowhere near as wide (yet), but all revolutions have to start somewhere. If the US goes for another two or three presidential elections without significantly affecting the patterns of increasing corporate control over politics and the post-9/11 erosion of civil liberties, we may find it easier to draw such comparisons. One thing I think we can all agree on: if the next revolution comes any time soon (ie. next few decades), it will start online. It's a lot easier to classify what wikileaks does as "exercising first amendment rights" than to classify campaign donations as free speech. How are the credit card companies third parties after they have taken unusual action against Wikileaks before the Wikileaks people or organization have even been charged with a crime in the US, let alone convicted? Since they clearly cannot justify their actions as being in response to legal action against Wikileaks, it means that they are personally taking a stance against Wikileaks. What Wikileaks is doing is called journalism. I wouldn't compare that to revolution, even if they are both rare these days. What Anonymous is doing is an attack, and its only justification so far is the attempted suppression of Wikileaks' journalism. Suppression of rights like the freedom of the press are among the best justifications for revolution. So, while the current DDOS probably isn't the start of a revolution, it is the kind of thing you would expect to see in the opening stages of a modern revolt in an industrialized society, before things get to the physical violence. Retaliation over the internet is easier and safer, and the credit card companies were one of the few targets that is vulnerable to attack over the web. (Here's to hoping somebody develops a virus to brick backscatter x-ray machines.) Visa and MasterCard cannot act in isolation from the government: They form a duopoly that requires regulation, and they are subject to quite a bit of it. As felixmar pointed out elsewhere in the thread [1], they have gotten favors from the government that have been exposed by the very leaks at issue. It doesn't take actual evidence of a specific request from the government to establish that the government influenced their decision to change their minds about doing business with Wikileaks. [1] http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1985128 One heading to my zip code, population ~45k, so my odds are probably better than 1:1000, particularly if signing up earlier helps your chances. The constitution simply wouldn't have been ratified: too many states demanded that a bill of rights be added as a condition for ratification of a constitution establishing a strong central government. When you operate on the scale of Amazon or under financial regulation like the other three, it pays to be on the government's good side. If you're merely an ISP or hosting provider that does email, your business doesn't need to interact with the feds much, so there's very little extra-legal leverage they can use against you if the necessity of a warrant is well-backed by the courts. In cases like that, you may have much more to fear from your clients than from the feds. Thanks for the link. However: This case is a cure. HIV is pretty well known to not go away on its own (except under the circumstances described in your link). This treatment is almost certainly responsible for him no longer having HIV. The notion that a cure must be widely applicable in order to really be a cure is rapidly becoming obsolete: many hypothesized or developing treatments involving stem cells or genetics or bacteriophages are very specific, often to the level of needing to be manufactured/cultured/etc. on a per-patient basis. This makes them less useful, but really has nothing to do with their ability to actually work. This case is not announcement that a miracle drug will be hitting pharmacies in a few decades, but it is proof (or at least, very strong evidence) that HIV can be defeated in vivo . Do you consider organ transplants to not be "cures" of any disease? I've yet to hear of even a potential method for growing vital organs from scratch, and even the methods using donor cells seem to lack FDA approval. If you do believe that organ transplants can cure a disease, then there must be some threshold of donor commonness that divides organ transplants and this treatment. Where might that line fall? It's interesting how Adobe's excuses have been shifting since Apple kicked Flash criticism in to high gear. A year ago, they were complaining that they needed low-level access to GPU decoding engines in order to make Flash play videos with acceptable CPU load. Apple gave them exactly the API they asked for, and Flash performance on OS X still sucked, especially for people who didn't have one of the supported GPUs. They've mostly settled now on the excuse being that Flash has to do color-space conversions and compositing on the CPU, though this post adds the extra apologetic twist that they never intended Flash to become the standard way of delivering streaming video over the web. The compositing excuse strikes me as pure bullshit, because a Flash video that is playing with no non-video elements overlaid and doesn't have input focus still eats up too much CPU, despite the compositing stage being a no-op. The YUV to RGB conversion is obviously not complicated enough to make much difference to the CPU load, because standalone players that do all the decoding and color space conversions in software easily achieve less than 1/5 the CPU load of Flash, and the actual decoding has got to be at least 70% of that work. Last spring, we were told that Flash's inefficiencies were partly due to browser plugin APIs being poorly suited to the task. There has been no intervening revolution in such APIs, so that can't be the source of the new improvements enabled by this StageVideo feature. The only documentation that seems to be available at the moment for StageVideo is a flash video tutorial, and the text in that video uses subpixel rendering with the opposite subpixel ordering from my monitor, so I can't read it without getting a headache. That said, it appears that this StageVideo feature requires the flash object to be modified, so it won't provide any immediate real-world benefits, and it requires the flash designer to code in the fallback rendering path for people who don't have the right kind of GPU. Meanwhile, OS X still has an API for playing videos that will automatically decide whether to use hardware-accelerated decoding, and an OpenGL-backed vector graphics API that can handle all the compositing needs for Flash. These APIs have broader hardware support than StageVideo. One gets the feeling that Adobe doesn't want to fix any of the suck, just to move past it. You left a layer of the joke: in order to be sure that the explanation is nonsense, you have to understand mathematical concepts that are much more complicated than git's architecture. How can you implement a remote kill switch without also creating a permanent unblockable remote code execution vulnerability? The only way I see to do it would be to have the chipset monitor all network interfaces for the packet of death, and give the chipset the ability to inject packets for the purpose of authentication before it actually kills the system. What would such a group look like? I'd really like to know how you would go about starting such a group to ensure net neutrality, but even your food example seems far-fetched: How would you coerce manufacturers to give you enough detail about the contents of their products and the production methods? It seems that any boycott-based group with standards significantly higher than the status quo would starve before it could get enough economic power to influence the mega-corporations they are trying to regulate. It's an idea I really wish could work, but it commits the #1 libertarian fallacy of assuming that markets are free enough to be called capitalist. In many cases, you have more choice for your politicians than for the businesses you deal with. For example, in they US you pretty much never have more than two choices for ISP, and since they are subject to almost identical market pressures, they usually end up being more similar than the two main political parties are in their treatment of big business. Organic food production is regulated by the US government in part due to lobbying from commercial certifying agencies. Organic food's benefits to the consumer are also mostly imaginary. How does that make it a good example of successful non-governmental regulation? Your "free milk program" example is far more than government regulation, so I'm not really sure why it belongs in this discussion. It seems to be a badly-executed straw-man argument. If the regulation from below imposes standards that are actually restricting for the big players in the market, they can simply ignore the consumers' wishes unless the barriers to entry and scaling up in that market are sufficiently low that the interested consumers are able to organize their own supplier to meet their demand. Clearly, this is not going to be a feasible method for regulating internet backbones, because it's far, far too expensive to set up your own tier 2 network with only grassroots funding. The military doesn't have to make a bid to buy them. All they have to do is throw down a billion dollar contract for prototyping an arabic version and Quest Visual will have no reason to sell. They're a linux-oriented benchmarking site. They're probably pretty strapped for cash on a good day, so they have to use an excess of ads to stay online. They're catering to a small market, so it seems like a fair tradeoff. Besides, their most annoying ads are the easiest to block on any reasonable browser. Good point. There does seem to be some disagreement. The Lexmark case was heard by the 6th Circuit, and this one by the 9th. It would seem that a petition for a writ of certiorari would likely be granted for this or a similar case so that the Supreme Court can reconcile any differences. However, I'm not sure that I want the current Supreme Court to have the opportunity to strengthen the DMCA. NASA is all about scientific research. I'd rather the people there be occasionally creative than be stiflingly corporate. The problem isn't so much that Comcast et al. want to offer packages 3, 4, and 5, it's that they want to discontinue packages 1 and 2 and replace them with crippled packages at the same price, with premium charges for YouTube, etc. "Why should bandwidth hogging protocol users hog all the bandwidth?" Why don't ISPs simply charge by the megabyte, so that by the time they have too many bandwidth hogs on their network, they're bringing in enough money to afford network upgrades? "Bandwidth" isn't some fixed resource. If there's demand for more, the suppliers can provide more by either laying extra cables or upgrading the equipment at the ends of their fibers, and this kind of reaction can happen on the timescale of months, which makes it pretty fluid given that consumers also pay by the month. What kind of benefits would we expect a magical solution to the inefficiency of the broadband market to provide as compared to what a comprehensive net neutrality law would provide? Or, to put it another way, if we get a good net neutrality law passed, what techniques are left for the cable/dsl duopoly screw us with? We already have laws against price fixing, so if those are enforced in addition to net neutrality, most consumers would get pretty close to the quality of service they would get out of a properly competitive market. I would be wary of the government trying to indirectly prevent the shady practices net neutrality would outlaw --- it could too easily end up providing screwed up incentives the way agricultural subsidies do. Would you count patent protections as technical or legislative? Patents are supposed to be used only to encourage technological progress, but all too often they screw up the competitive landscape on an entire market in ways that are obviously unfair. If we could reform our patent system to get rid of software patents and raise the bar for physical inventions, then it might be okay to say that technical advantages [protected by patents] are fair. So, it looks like they now admit that neutrality is a good thing, but they say not to worry, because it's impractical for ISPs to actually discriminate. The documented cases of anti-p2p traffic shaping, large-scale deep packet inspection, and the eagerness of ISPs to secure their rights to do those things without even telling consumers all prove that the Cato Institute's analysis has not yet converged with reality. The rather extraordinary claim that a future version of android will be able to "automagically" adjust the UI to suit screen size needs some serious evidence to back it up. Obviously, the operating system is not going to be able to produce the same design decisions that would be made in light of actual experimentation with real users - it will be based on heuristics that will produce sub-optimal results for just about any combination of screen size and resolution other than the original. So I'll assume that you merely meant to assert that the scaling will produce results that are "good enough" in that normal users won't notice that the UI doesn't fit their tablet. Even the claim that it will be "good enough" seems outlandish. Consider the kinds of scalable GUIs that exist on desktops: the important elements of the GUI (like toolbars, menus, and standard buttons) don't get re-sized. At best, they get wrapped or scrolled, either of which is instantly recognizable as a bad design. Most of the sizing flexibility on desktop apps is in the areas that show relatively static content that the user only interacts with passively, like in a web browser or video player, or in the case of many types of games, areas that you only interact with in small bits at a time. (Word processors alternate between the presentation of static content and the interaction (ie. editing) of one spot at a time.) On a multitouch display with direct manipulation of the GUI, you will typically have far fewer opportunities for the easy scalability that web browsers and word processors enjoy. You have to know which UI elements need to maintain the same physical size, which ones need to maintain the same pixel dimensions, and what the limits are on the scalability of the other elements. Take as an example the iPad email app. In landscape mode, you have a list of messages on the left (showing subjects, the first line of the body, and a few other pieces of info), and the body of the currently selected message shown on the right. The right pane takes up about 2/3 of the screen width. If you were to scale this app from the 4:3 iPad display to a 16:9 tablet, how would the left/right split ratio have to change? It's complicated: the entries in the left-side list will have to maintain roughly the same physical height, because they are essentially buttons. You probably want the left pane to remain at least as many characters wide as in the original, so the physical width won't change by much, but you have some flexibility in font sizes. That means that the right pane showing the body of the email will probably be slightly wider and shorter on a 10" 16:9 tablet, but on a significantly smaller tablet, the left/right split might be 50/50. All that is merely a first approximation of how that one app would have to scale. Could a computer derive that? How will the operating system know what the driving constraints are? The OS certainly can't know whether it is better on average to use the extra width of the 16:9 tablet to show more of the subject lines on the left or more of the body on the right. It seems that the only way to make a scalable touch UI work is for the designer to bake in the constraint information, which will require testing at different sizes. This obviously doesn't save any work if you are only targeting two sizes. How many different sizes do you need to target before the rule-based scaling has a significant advantage over manually tuning the different sizes? Whatever that number, Android will exceed it and Apple probably won't. However, this completely ignores the need for more drastic design changes when the difference in sizes is very big, such as between the iPhone and the iPad. And such discontinuities in the scaling hardly require that big a disparity: according to AnandTech's review of the Samsung Galaxy Tab ( http://www.anandtech.com/show/4062/samsung-galaxy-tab-the-an... ) which is a 7" 16:9 tablet, the best way to type on it is in portrait orientation using your thumbs, whereas on the iPad (9.7" 4:3) you are better off using both hands in landscape. On a 10" 16:9 tablet, you have even more width in landscape mode to accommodate typing with both hands, but how is the OS supposed to know that in portrait mode it is still too wide for two-thumb typing? The only really good scalable UI engine I know of is LaTeX, which outputs completely static content, but can handle a wide range of paper sizes without the author needing to worry about margins, and all the font sizes can be scaled with a single change to the header of the source file. Even so, it doesn't know when the paper size is large enough that you should switch to a two-column format. Everybody has a USB port. Not all laptops these days have optical drives. Also, USB drives are a lot smaller, and can be just as thin (eg Crucial's Gizmo Jr.: http://www.crucial.com/store/partspecs.aspx?IMODULE=CT8GBUFD... ) Web apps are definitely the place to start looking for solutions, since they always have resizing forced on them. But very few web apps can handle a lot of resizing (particularly down to phone resolutions) without ending up looking like they're obviously the wrong size. This shouldn't be too much of a problem for apps designed to start at WVGA or smaller, but like most things Web-related, it still completely ignores the touch aspects. To give a specific example: many preservatives and industrial techniques can alter the flavor of a dish in unpleasant ways, so industrialized food just covers up those flavors with salt. The worst examples would be the "flavor packet" that comes with ramen noodles: some of these deliver a full gram of sodium. But most frozen meals have unreasonably high levels of sodium as well. If you prepare your food from raw ingredients, you at least have the option of using less salt, to the betterment of your blood pressure. I think the point is more that continued copyright protections don't serve any purpose, and thus are unconstitutional. That natural rights justification needs to be subordinate to the actual text of the US constitution, which makes it clear that intellectual property rights can only be granted by legislation, with limited term, and only for the purpose of stimulating progress. Without appropriate action by congress, the default under US law is for writings to be public domain, and it is unconstitutional to grant someone power over their writings simply out of the sense that they deserve it. Right. But a copyright law that doesn't have the purpose and effect of promoting that progress is unconstitutional. Congress can't just hand out intellectual property rights on a whim, nor can they be used to stand in the way of progress. No such amendment has been passed, or even to my knowledge come close to a vote in congress. So why is it okay for congress to be acting like they have the unconditional power to hand out intellectual property rights? Are CPUs even that much of a laptop's power budget these days? I know that the transition from CCFL to LED backlighting helped, but I think displays are still the biggest power draw. If you look at an Atom system, the chip with the biggest heatsink isn't the CPU, it's the chipset (or the GPU if it's discrete). It seems to me that in order for an ARM processor to be viable for something like the MacBook Air (which is already using all the easy power-reduction measures like LED backlights and SSDs), the ARM chip will have to be twice as fast and draw half as much power as an Atom. A stutter 2/3 of a frame long means there's a 2/3 chance that you'll draw a frame that doesn't match the current finger position, followed by a frame that catches up more than it should have had to. The ~40ms input lag shown by most desktop IPS LCD monitors is noticeable even though it falls below the reaction time. On a touch display, it should be even easier to notice input lag, because you can see your finger moving and the screen around it not keeping up. 10ms sensor lag may be below the threshold of perception for circumstances like this, but probably not by much. If you add even a few milliseconds of processing lag after your app receives the touch event, you'll be behind by a frame. By the time Palm bought Be Inc., they had all but stopped doing anything useful with anything. Other than the Treo smartphone line they bought from Handspring, they only had a few good models from 2002-2005, and since then they've only achieved notability by not going bankrupt and instead getting bought. It would be more like the OS 9 -> OS X switch happening at the same time as the PPC -> Intel transition, but without the old CPU architecture being totally deprecated. Apple's notable for having made 3 major transitions (68k to PPC, MacOS to OS X, and PPC to Intel), but all three of those were as minimal as they could be given the circumstances. The architecture transitions were made with almost completely transparent binary compatibility and minimal changes needed for source code, while the source-incompatible OS/API change was made as gradual as possible with a long grace period (which a few companies chose to exploit rather than update their apps before it was too late). Windows as a system is clearly not clean enough at the moment to easily switch architectures without needing a lot of complex compatibility stuff thrown in. If they try to force developers off old APIs and introduce a new architecture, that new architecture will be a second class citizen and will need a lot of external factors to give it traction. Wow, that's a sad list. It looks like they didn't even port half of the server components to the Itanium, and they warn you not to use .NET for anything performance-sensitive. The closest thing they've got to a modern, portable environment and their first port of it is so embarrassingly slow that they have to warn you on the feature list. Even worse, their modern GUI APIs (WPF) weren't ported at all, so even simple .NET apps are at risk of not working due to not using an archaic GUI toolkit. Clearly the NT kernel is quite portable. There's plenty of evidence of that (MIPS, PPC, Alpha, IA-64... ). But there's no evidence that even the most modern and supposedly portable components of the desktop experience are actually at all portable. Hardly any of it has (as far as we know) actually been ported. .NET was a great start on the road towards portability, but it didn't make it very far. Most serious apps that use .NET also end up using native code for some reason or another, be it performance or third-party libraries or limitations of the .NET framework. All you could really say of .NET is that it makes it easier to identify the non-portable bits of your app so that you can rewrite them (or perhaps compile them as fat binaries?) once Microsoft manages to actually port the whole .NET framework, which hasn't been done before. That's not a universal binary. It's a bytecode package. It still needs to be run through an interpreter or a JIT compiler, just like a JAR file for Java. A universal binary contains actual machine code for multiple architectures. Universal binary support requires deeper changes to the OS and can complicate testing, but it's basically a requirement for making cross-platform high performance code because a JIT compiler can't spend as much time optimizing code as an ahead-of-time compiler. Machine-independent bytecode paired with a high-quality VM allows you to ship a cross-platform executable, but it's not going to be enough when ARM PCs are facing an uphill battle to prove their performance is acceptable to a market that isn't particularly satisfied with Intel's Atom. Which way do you think the issue was settled? Last time I read much about the issue, there seemed to be decent arguments both ways: CISC allows denser packing of instructions, but all CPUs are RISC internally, but the CISC decoders are negligible overhead, but good compilers are easier to write for RISC, ... How valid are the various arguments these days? The compiler complexity argument seems to work well against the Itanium, but I'm not sure that it makes much difference between ARM and x86 or x86_64. The instruction decoders on an x86 processor really do look minor on paper, but why hasn't Intel been able to produce a chip with competitive performance per watt, especially given their fab advantage? It seemed like they were really trying with the Atom, but it still hasn't gotten down to the power levels where ARM really shines, even though the high-end ARM cores are now out-of-order superscalar designs. It's a smart, easy optimization, so I'd be surprised if .NET wasn't using it, but ultimately it has the same effect as reducing the frequency of GC pauses. It doesn't lead to faster execution. It doesn't change the fact that the code didn't pass through a more thorough analyzer/optimizer. How good are JIT compilers at automatic vectorization, for example? Opportunities for automatic vectorization could be encoded into bytecode such that the SIMD capabilities of different architectures could be used, but I don't think .NET does that. There's probably quite a bit of truth to that, but in recent years Intel has had two dramatic under-performers (Atom can't come close to ARM and the on-chip graphics for their mid-range processors have yet to fill the gap left when Intel forced NVidia to stop making integrated graphics chipsets) and a complete failure (Larrabee) that seem like they shouldn't have happened given Intel's dominance. Why is Intel having trouble broadening their horizons? Is it an institutional thing, that the teams not working on the main (and most profitable) CPU product lines just can't get the resources needed to catch up with the competition? Intel always has the latest and greatest fabs, but it seems like the designs they're producing for these new product lines are completely squandering that advantage and then some. "But let's get real. The only reason x86 is behind right now is because ARM had been working on low power processors for years, and the chips came up that it was the hot area. Intel isn't sitting on their hands, though, and I have no doubt they'll have some killer solutions in the very near future." This reads like something from 2007, back when the Atom was almost ready. When Atom arrived, it simply drew too much power for it to compete with ARM SoCs, and in the intervening years, the ARM chips have been improving more quickly than the Intel chips. It's been more than 2.5 years since the Atom shipped. When are we going to start seeing the results of Intel's earnest effort? It looks like he's saying you can use LLVM to JIT compile the C that gets generated from the Scheme code. No. The magnetic declination can be quite significant even in the continental US, and it isn't determined by latitude alone: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:IGRF_2000_magnetic_declina... The thing is that, to the extent that it is a bug, it's a very harmless bug. The freedom to experiment and innovate with web apps has probably outweighed any harm from lack of consistency. Did you just show it to the Mac user, or did you let him actually sit down and use it? Qt does a great job of mimicking the look of Cocoa apps, but it doesn't always get the behavior right, and if you're going to behave differently, you ought to warn the user by looking different. Don't forget about the block-level deduplication and copy-on-write which would make Time Machine use much less space. The first i7 processors to use a newer fabrication process than the one used on all Atom processors so far was released one year ago. A 1-1.5 year lag for the low-end parts is completely normal, and the 45nm process is not yet horrendously outdated. AMD hasn't made the switch to 32nm yet, so you couldn't even claim that Intel has squandered their monopoly advantage of always having the newer, smaller process. Consumers may not be in the habit of comparing power draw in watts, but they would certainly notice a 50-100% difference in battery life. While it may be that not even half of the laptops sold these days are intended for mobile use, there are still enough for that to be an important market. Deduplication matters most for people who edit big files. In my case, I have some virtual machines with hard drive images stored on my main filesystem. If I didn't exclude them from Time Machine, they would completely fill my backup drive in a matter of days, but with block-level deduplication, there would only be slight overhead compared with storing the same data directly on the HFS+ file system instead of in the images. At this point, AMD doesn't own any fabs. They spun that part of the business off as Global Foundries, which then bought Chartered for good measure and is now a close partner with ARM: They've even abandoned the tradition of making a full wafer of SRAM to test and demonstrate new processes in favor of making test wafers of ARM SoCs. (Apparently SRAM cells don't do a very good job of exposing the kinds of problems that will crop up when trying to make CPUs.) MMX came before 3dNow!, so you would have to qualify that as shipping the first vector floating-point extension to x86. Do you (or the people voting you up) realize that the K8 processor mentioned was exactly the first AMD64 processor? Your comment seems quite redundant. And they would be very, very late in making that argument. Signing away your freedoms in a contract is sometimes legal and enforceable. However, even if the language of the contract is clear, it can be invalidated for being unconscionable or for lack of consideration. I don't think that's the argument being used. I think the argument is that there is no reason to believe that you are less likely to get sued for using WebM than if you use h.264. If you use WebM, there's just a bit more uncertainty about who will sue you. h.264 and WebM are similar enough that it depends entirely on the implementation details of a "hardware decoder" as to whether it can handle one or both. Not all hardware decoders simply take in an h.264 bitstream and emit uncompressed a/v signals. Many "hardware" solutions are just a collection of execution units that handle the most time-consuming stages of decoding or encoding, and they are strung together with software and possibly use of GPU shaders to form a complete pipeline. For such devices, it may be possible to use them to accelerate WebM with most stages going through the fixed-function units and just a few things like entropy coding handled with compute shaders. Such a solution would be just as deserving of the "hardware accelerated" moniker as most of the decoding engines currently out there. The basic grammar and syntax are pretty much the same, as are most of the fundamental data types and their behaviors, and many other things. There are obviously a lot of differences, but if you know one language it usually isn't hard to read well-written code in the other language. There has been a form of innovation - in some server farms that consist of thousands of interchangeable computers, they simply don't try to cool them, and instead just exchange air with the outdoors (possibly with a bit of filtering). If your software doesn't mind having nodes frequently drop out due to overheating, then it apparently is cheaper to replace melted CPUs than to keep them all cool. http://blogs.technet.com/b/msdatacenters/archive/2011/01/04/... Once an ISP has established connections to several towns in a region, they can make much more compelling offers to nearby towns than an ISP with no presence in a region, because they've already got a backbone to the area. This is on top of the advantage that almost every residential ISP has in that they already have a monopoly on some other service (phone or cable TV). ISPs probably should have a monopoly within a town, because it's not economical to set up several independent parallel data networks. The problem isn't that local governments grant these monopolies, it's that they don't regulate them. Ideally, local governments should be tightly regulating prices for internet connections and mandating that they are fair/dumb data pipes. However, most towns don't have much bargaining power compared to the big ISPs who's quarterly revenue exceeds the town's GDP. Since the free market can't ensure fair or cheap internet connections when operating on the scale of the individual consumer or on the scale of whole towns, then we need to use state or federal legislation to keep the monopolies in check. It looks like Pamela Jones of Groklaw plans to cover this case in full. Based on her reporting, it doesn't look like things are going well for Sony so far: http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20110112115731533 http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20110114185542531 http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20110117161946648 Apparently, they are having trouble even establishing that they have the right to sue the defendant in a California court. I think it's more a question of what kind of restrictions you can put in place without an actual signed contract between the seller and the buyer. Generally speaking, it is harder to enforce non-negotiable contracts of adhesion (ie. most contracts attached to a retail sale) and shrink-wrap contracts/EULAs, but there is currently a lot of uncertainty about it (see Vernor v. Autodesk, Inc.), and that uncertainty will probably only be resolved by a major ruling from the Supreme Court or an act of Congress. Phoronix recently tried to benchmark a micro instance. It didn't do very well: http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=amazo... Turns out that on average a micro's performance is somewhere between a netbook and an ARM tablet for most tasks, but the performance varies wildly. Why is it that everyone is so accepting of the excuse that carriers can't scale up to the usage levels imposed by smartphones? Are we really that limited in available RF spectrum, or are carriers just not willing to spend the money necessary to keep up with demand? We know they have the money, so how can a network like AT&T Wireless keep sucking for years on end? I find that it generally works better to have your X server running outside the VM. You'll still want to install X on the VM to satisfy dependencies, but as for actually using it it's easiest to just install xquartz and use xdmcp. How many textbooks have you seen that actually need more than two or three colors to effectively communicate the point? Unless you're studying art or showing a really complicated map or 3d surface plot, the Kindle's 16-level grayscale should be enough. It would also have the effect of discouraging the gaudy, overly flashy designs textbook publishers use to distract from the lack of content. In my experience, for subjects like math or most basic science courses, the quality is inversely proportional to the number of colors of ink used. It's interesting to note that one of the two notices in this repository is from Sony, and appears to be demanding the removal of PS3 jailbreaking tools. The DMCA's prohibition on DRM circumvention is in a different section (17 USC 1201) from the section on copyright infringement (17 USC 512), in which the safe harbor/takedown notice stuff is defined. It's not clear to me that DRM circumvention thus qualifies as copyright infringement, or that any of the safe harbor stuff would apply to hosts of circumvention tools. Certainly, Sony's notice doesn't identify any of their works that are being infringed, so the notice seems to be invalid according to the usual rules, specifically 17 USC 512(c)(3)(A)(ii). Can anybody more familiar with the law explain what's going on with this? Why is the procedure from 17 USC 512 being applied to a (alleged) violation of 17 USC 1201? Or is this just another flaw in Sony's handling of this mess? The thing is, it's not at all clear that GitHub is protected by the DMCA safe harbor provisions here. This isn't a case of an infringing work - it's a DRM circumvention tool, and Sony hasn't asserted any copyright that has been infringed. Procedurally, it looks like a standard infringement takedown case, but as far as I can tell, it isn't covered by that law. Sony's notice probably has no more legal force than any ordinary C&D letter, and GitHub's cooperation probably doesn't get them any guarantee of immunity. Sony's C&D is simply formatted to look like a real DMCA takedown, probably to scare GitHub in to automatically complying without even asking their lawyers. For all we know, by complying GitHub may have reduced their ability to defend themselves on the basis of the reverse-engineering exception to the circumvention prevention, without gaining any significant legal security. It's about time for the people running Intel's chipset division to start losing their jobs. Since they greedily kicked NVidia out of the chipset business, they've done a great job of proving how bad a decision that was for consumers: Intel's integrated graphics performance is still pathetic, though it has at least gotten up to the lowest level of performance that AMD and NVidia have been willing to put on the market. This has been a real sore point for anybody trying to make a good low-power notebook (ie. Apple). Intel's chipsets have been slow to pick up new features, with this latest generation being the first to offer 6Gbps SATA (which is necessary to get full performance out of last year's high-end SSDs), albeit only two ports at that speed, and they won't be adding USB3 support until their next micro-architecture revision, which is at least a year away. To top it off, the latest generation of chipsets exhibit one of the most disgusting segmentation strategies Intel has ever tried: the Sandy Bridge CPUs have on-die graphics chips that are an unavoidable cost for consumers, and their performance is insufficient for even casual gaming. Their redeeming quality is the top-notch transcoding engine, which offers higher performance than any CPU or discrete GPU can manage. However, in order to use it, you have to use the integrated graphics. There's a software hack that will let you use it with discrete GPUs, but only on the multimedia-oriented H67 chipset. The performance-oriented P67 chipset (which is the only one to support multiple discrete graphics cards or overclocking) completely disables the integrated graphics. If you want to build a gaming system, Intel forces you to pay for a couple hundred million extra transistors on your CPU that you won't be allowed to use. After all that, it's hard to feel sorry for Intel's biggest CPU architecture launch ever being ruined like this. If they still had a third-party chipset partner, then they would at least be able to sell some Sandy Bridge processors in February. It's interesting to look at those stock charts. By the end of 2004, Dell had earned back about half the share price that it lost in the dot-com bust, but its share price has never been that high since, and in fact is now about the same as when Michael Dell made this comment. By contrast, at the end of 2004 Apple's stock had recovered entirely from the dot-com bust, and has now reached almost 10 times the price it peaked at during the dot-com bubble. Of course, you can make pretty much the same comparison between Apple and most any tech company that was around during the dot-com bubble. Very few have ever recovered for any length of time, and among those who have, IBM seems to be doing best, but they're only about 20% higher than their pre-bust peak. You can't get to a million points on SO without learning a few things yourself. Most of the questions I answer these days on SO are outside my areas of expertise, but I know enough to know where to look for information that can help me come up with an answer. And even in answering noob questions you at least get practice in understanding people who don't know enough to articulate what they want and in writing clear, concise, simple answers. Both of those skills are valuable to any software developer. If the copyright owner doesn't allow anyone else to retain a copy, and they delete all their copies, then how will the work ever pass in to the public domain? Just because virtual book burning is easier than hunting down and burning real books doesn't make it any more acceptable. Not all opinions are equally valid and worthwhile. In particular, opinions derived from from oversimplifications do not help the conversation and should be downvoted regardless of the stance. Why would the military want an array of tens of thousands of low-power emitters when a few klystrons will do? 10+ megawatts pulsed output in a single L-band device is not hard to achieve, and much higher can be achieved if you're willing to accept the higher cost and shorter lifespans associated with running at higher voltages. Unless by computer you mean programmable computer or general purpose computer, which most phones aren't by the time they reach consumers. For example, would the inclusion of the use of a cell phone render a method patent invalid under the machine-or-transformation test? Can any process implemented with a microprocessor satisfy the particular machine half of the machine-or-transformation test if the inclusion of the microprocessor makes the device a computer? I understand the difference between programming on a device and programming for a device. For most embedded devices like cell phones, end users aren't allowed to do either one, at least without jailbreaking or paying for developer privileges. And most embedded devices are similarly restricted about what kind of software you are allowed to install and run on them. Should such devices really be treated as general purpose computers in the eyes of the law? I guess the only thing of interest here is that even a program like tar can have major bugs like these cropping up from time to time. At the time of this post, one of the two referenced bugs had already been fixed, and the other was fixed the next day. A stable release including the fixes was made a week later, so it's likely that nobody other than testers and gentoo users were affected. Academics for the most point don't care about paywalls as long as they are on the right side of any paywalls. University libraries and their institutional subscriptions exist to abstract away the concept of paywalls, so that researchers only need to ask for the article and never need to worry about whether they need to pay for it. Also, are there really all that many university libraries left that aren't open to the public? I suppose one has to excuse Gabe Newell for not understanding this, because his company has been unsuccessfully trying to go out of business in exactly this fashion for most of its existence. Their failure to go bankrupt during any of their long delays is as notable and impressive as any of the games they've actually shipped. Before that positive outcome can have a chance of happening, we have to get rid of the obscenely expensive hopeless palliative end-of-life care (cue teabaggers screaming about "death panels"), and make basic healthcare universally available. The only ways that increased healthcare spending can increase productivity are through effective preventive measures and corrective treatments that return the patient to sufficient health to be productive, but that's not where our super-high healthcare costs come from. They come from the consequences of delayed care (eg. using only emergency rooms when you're uninsured, necessitating more risky treatments for more advanced problems, which means higher malpractice premiums) and from end-of-life care. You can set up VirtualBox to use a physical (ie. Bootcamp) partition or disk. It's not as easy as in Parallels, but it isn't difficult and is explained well in the manual. You know you're doing something wrong when your customers would rather trust binaries downloaded via bittorrent than trust your online store with their credit card number. In the case of a free product like VirtualBox where you're not paying for tech support, there isn't a difference. Unless you mean that there is a difference between what merely happens to work and what the developers strive to ensure works. In this case, VirtualBox definitely "supports" using physical disks and partitions (though they describe it as an "advanced" feature). I can see IBM charging customers millions a year to keep their Watson database up to date, even if it ends up running on an x86 Linux box. When they adapt it for general Q&A use, Watson will probably be as useful as Wolfram Alpha wishes it was. I think the TDP increase is mostly due to the integrated graphics being moved on to the CPU. Overall platform power usage should be lower than the previous generation. Check out the Wikipedia page for DisplayPort, as it has a good explanation of the bandwidth requirements for video. It lists 2560x1600x30bpp @ 60Hz as using just over 8Gbps, so any one consumer monitor will work fine over Thunderbolt. The 17.28Gbps speed would only be needed for multiple monitors or a high-resolution, high-color-depth, high-refresh or 3D monitor. Thunderbolt and full-speed DisplayPort both have enough aggregate bandwidth for four 1080p streams. It's valid to discount the Mini because when you buy a Mini you are paying for several very significant features that are lacking from a typical desktop. If you want to make a fair comparison to the Mini, look at home-theater PCs that will be similarly small and quiet. The mini, by virtue of using low-power laptop chips and other techniques to reduce its size and power consumption, will always have a higher cost than a budget tower with equivalent clock speeds but a 250W power supply built by the lowest bidder, loud fans, and other commodity parts. If all you are looking for is a cheap tower machine built from commodity parts, any of Apple's offerings will require you to pay a significant amount for features that you don't want, because the Apple machine isn't meant to be a generic box or to compete with generic boxes. The Mac mini, iMac, and Mac Pro all target niches that are different from the low-budget, ultra-low-margin desktop market. It's really no different from saying that the MacBook Pro is an overpriced desktop - of course it is, because it is more than just a desktop. Apple doesn't make ordinary desktops, much to the consternation of almost every hacker who wants an ordinary desktop (but not a workstation) with a good unix-like OS. If Apple did make a generic ATX form-factor box, nobody would take exception to the idea that the Mini, iMac, and Mac Pro are in different categories. HDR (high dynamic range) displays are those that can reproduce wider differences between dark and light. What you're talking about would be called a wide gamut display, such as an LCD with RGB LED backlighting or a special wide-gamut fluorescent backlight. From a bounce I got: ... From: Mail Delivery Subsystem To: [me]@gmail.com X-Failed-Recipients: [someone else]@gmail.com Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Failure) Message-ID: Date: Mon, 28 Feb 2011 04:12:14 +0000 Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1 Delivery to the following recipient failed permanently: [someone else]@gmail.com Technical details of permanent failure: Account disabled ----- Original message ----- ... Not exactly the kind of thing that would make you think resending would get the message through. People who were affected had their entire Google accounts disabled, and upon trying to log in, they got exactly the same messages they would have gotten if Google had decided to delete the account for ToS abuse. Additionally, since the entire account (not just GMail) had to be disabled in order to repair things, stuff like shared google calendars went offline, so users whose accounts were not directly affected were getting misleading error messages, too. And the bounces didn't stop until the end of the working day on Monday on the east coast. You probably don't live in London, then: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxicabs_of_the_United_Kingdom#... When taxi drivers are required to demonstrate a deep knowledge of the geography of their area and are not allowed to rely on maps or GPS navigation systems in order to be certified, you end up with taxi drivers that are very good at navigating the city. So, are you saying that Windows 7 is significantly more secure than XP can ever be? "One might say they owe something back" One could say that they are giving something back, by using those profits to develop ways to make computing more accessible and useful, something they're better at and more willing to invest in than anyone else. You can use the argument that people in third-world countries are starving to bash just about anything that anybody on this site does for a living. If you truly believed that argument, you wouldn't be wasting your own disposable income on broadband and a cell phone. The Mac Mini is a great deal compared to everything that's not at least 3 times larger, especially if you consider performance, because everything else the size of the Mac Mini has an Intel Atom at best. Hasn't this been true of every dual-GPU card? (With the possible exception of the more power-hungry aspect.) It's slower and more expensive because it has a smaller overall cooling system than two cards, so the chips need to be under-clocked and spec'd for higher-temperature operation. I took that sentence as meaning that the iPad 2 as a whole isn't a redesign, and that the user-visible changes were only to things that needed changing: speed, weight, thickness and cases, and not much else. Have we all forgotten what the word broadcast means? If sending everyone the same signal at the same time is hard , you're doing it wrong. It should be much easier for cell phones, since the underlying physical medium is a broadcast medium. It takes significant engineering effort to get rid of this capability. According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wide_Area_Augmentation_System#C... normal GPS systems will be accurate to within 2.5 m 95% of the time. Better accuracy can be achieved using differential GPS systems and things like WAAS, but they rely on ground-based systems and thus might not be a good way to measure how much the ground shifted. Take a look at the screenshots from Infinity Blade on the iPad 1 vs. the iPad 2. There's a big difference in graphical quality. Most notably, the iPad 2 can handle antialiasing, more detailed geometry, and much more complex lighting. From these numbers, it looks like if the iPad 3 included a double-resolution display but no further GPU speed increases, it would still outperform the iPad 1. Things like this show that we need a change of mindset when evaluating the technical capabilities of embedded devices instead of PCs. When a new graphics chip is released, you can't swap it for your old GPU, and it won't show up as a build-to-order option in 3 weeks, either. You have to wait for it to be integrated in to new SoCs. Trying to excuse the Xoom's obsolete GPU (particularly when the Xoom's biggest selling point is the higher resolution screen) makes no more sense than trying to compare a current product to the announced but not shipping Cortex A15 processor. Chernobyl was worse than just a meltdown. The graphite moderator caught fire and helped carry fallout into the atmosphere. This would not likely happen at Fukushima, as it is water-moderated, nor would the uranium fuel be able to catch fire as happened at Windscale, because modern reactors use uranium oxide instead of metallic uranium. In the event that containment is lost, there will still be contamination, but it probably couldn't be spread anywhere near as widely as the fallout from Chernobyl. I think it's too soon to say that this failure mode was never considered or even conceived of in the contingency planning for the power plant. If you have a source that says otherwise, please provide a link. Keep in mind that this is currently estimated to be the biggest earthquake in the recorded history of Japan. It's completely unreasonable to expect stuff to totally not break when the big one hits. If some reactors are damaged beyond repair, that's understandable, as long as the radiation is contained well enough to keep the public safe. After all, good safety plans will always be willing to sacrifice expensive infrastructure in order to save lives. None, unless the radioactive slag is magically aerosolized and propelled in to the upper atmosphere, then carried swiftly across the Pacific.. A meltdown on its own will only cause local damage. Take a look at our discussion last year of the concept of a banana equivalent dose: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1429524 The extent of milk contamination as a result of the Three Mile Island meltdown was that a glass of milk was 75 times less radioactive than the average banana. I'm having trouble understanding what you mean by that. Do you mean that you are opposed to the use of technology if it's safety systems are ever fully put to the test, or are you saying that having the reactor core melt and puddle at the bottom of the room where it will eventually cool off and harden is just too catastrophically dangerous? Either way, it's absurd. Shit happens. In this case, a big earthquake and tsunami. The fact that a safety system has to be used does not reflect poorly on the safety system. The earthquake has already killed far more people and caused more damage than even Chernobyl, and the tsunami has certainly caused more dangerous chemical contamination than whatever radiation may be released from Fukushima. Because units derived from Earth's orbit are so much less arbitrary than units derived from Earth's circumference... Any good physicist will be able to give you the dimensions in decillions of Plank lengths. My household of 4 uses upwards of 100GB per month without even paying for services like Netflix. Our usage of ad-supported SD streaming sources is such that buying even one game on Steam is likely to push us over the limit. The next time Steam has a big sale, we're likely to spend several times more on downloading the games than on purchasing them. More important on the cross-subsidy issue, I doubt the commercial ISPs will be banned from subsidizing the connection service with their business as a content provider. If the existing ISPs were just ISPs, then the ban on cross-subsidies would actually level the playing field, but that's not the case. I'd suspect that at least half of the journalists reporting on this don't even know that there is a replacement for the Richter scale. Particularly with translation involved, it's pretty easy for one publication to drop the reference to the moment scale and the next publication to reattach the Richter name to the number. OOP concepts aren't what's getting in the way. It's the boilerplate most languages require for their preferred object systems. A good language for beginners would have to make it easy to progressively encapsulate things as the program grows, without requiring substantial rewrites. It should be very easy to go from a few named variables to an array or dictionary, and then to add methods to that to make it a proper class. For users with NoScript, that list is reduced to user agent, IP address, and the inference that none of the other tests were allowed to run. In other words, they could make it work, but only until they enable IPv6. That's the core functionality of NoScript: don't allow anything more complicated than HTML+CSS until authorized by the user. It blocks objects but by default leaves behind a rectangle you can click to download and run the object. You say that as though the PlayBook actually has a chance of catching on in a big way. Even if it did, it wouldn't hinge solely on Flash support. RIM has never done a great job targeting the consumer market, and their enterprise customer base is still pretty loyal. Even if the PlayBook fails to change that, RIM will not go bankrupt before they have time to try again. The fact that anyone would post this without first checking Groklaw or another reputable source is sad. According to http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20110322114658410 Sony has been allowed to act on several of their subpoenas, including the one for Hotz's PayPal account, and the clearest evidence they have to establish that Hotz has business relationships with California parties is a PSN user account that was registered from an IP address that can be traced to the same town in New Jersey that Hotz resides in, and Sony claims that the PS3's serial number matches. Except for the bit where SCEA's court filings don't even spell the user account correctly. We also don't know what name, physical address, and date of birth were provided by whoever did register the PSN account in question, because the exhibit where that information might be found was filed under seal. Until we can read how the judge or Hotz's lawyers respond, we can't take what Sony says at face value. And all this is still just SCEA attempting to establish that they have the right to sue Hotz in a California court instead of in New Jersey. So far, with the weak evidence they have presented, it looks like they won't be able to get their way without setting precedents that would be very bad for the Internet. I think the question is more: is there room for more than one RedHat? They're by far the biggest and most notable "Linux company", and all the other companies like them have had a way of either getting bought to become a mere division of a corporate giant (like SuSE to Novell), or else losing money until they become irrelevant. It's important to have at least one or two corporate sponsors of Linux that won't "sell out" or screw the community in favor of their proprietary offerings. If Canonical can get to where they are comfortably profitable and growing for two or three years, then I think we can say that RedHat's repeatable, but until then we'll only have the one example of a sustainable and successful independent Linux company. While the article doesn't mention it, this installation and smaller-scale uses of Linux on a PS3 are the reason behind Sony's current legal messes regarding the PS3: Sony sells the PS3 at a loss, and tries to recoup the cost on software sales, but people buying a PS3 to run Linux never buy enough games to make up for Sony's initial loss. Sony issued a firmware update to disable the ability to install a different OS, and that led to a class-action suit against them. In the meantime, George Hotz wrote a hack to restore the OtherOS feature, and Sony is now trying to nail him with DMCA and other copyright violations. Somewhat complicating the legal situation are Sony's attempts to bring piracy in to the equation: they've argued that removing the ability to run Linux was necessary to prevent piracy, and that Hotz's hack facilitates piracy. Neither claim withstands much scrutiny, as piracy did not become feasible until a Sony employee tweeted their root key, well after they removed the OtherOS feature, and not too long after Sony told the court that Hotz's hack had caused irreparable harm, Sony patched the hole Hotz exploited. It has also been noted that the PS3 is much cheaper than IBM's Cell blades, and that for certain kinds of supercomputing tasks, that more than makes up for the lack of low-latency high-bandwidth interconnects. The removal of PS2 compatibility, economies of scale on BluRay lasers, and newer fabrication processes for the Cell have helped Sony a lot, but the most recent report I can find is from iSuppli at the end of 2009, saying that the 120GB PS3 was losing just under $40 when sold for $299, so the current $299 160GB is probably profitable by now, and the models with larger hard drives should be making a good amount of profit. Still, it's hard to say whether the hardware profits from the past year or two would cover Sony's share of the Cell fab upgrade costs (the Cell has been through two process shrinks), let alone make up for the steep losses incurred early in the product cycle. I suspect that the overall long-term profitability of the PS3 platform still depends heavily on their video game sales. That depends more on the wavelength of the radar than on the post-processing. As far as I know, radar post-processing is far more important for trajectory tracking than capturing a single clear image. A Ka band radar, for example, uses centimeter wavelengths, and W band radars are 3mm waves. I've heard that the radars used for tracking objects in orbit can image clearly enough to allow you to estimate the capabilities of an enemy's spy satellite based on the sizes of its antennas and cameras. The first 336 PS3s in this installation were bought well before Sony reached the break-even point, and the PS3 Slim model that is now profitable has never officially allowed the use of Linux or other operating systems. (Sony didn't want to update the OtherOS hypervisor to support the new hardware in the Slim.) The factor of 20 price difference between the fat PS3 and the Cell blades has been alleged in the class-action suit against Sony to have caused IBM to exert pressure on Sony to remove the OtherOS support. I wouldn't use NOPASSWD on a server or laptop, but for my personal workstation, security isn't as important as ease of use. You can't make good security guidelines without regard for context. You've probably got a low-quality LCD with a bad color calibration, then, or else just a really bad contrast ratio or lots of glare. That color scheme doesn't seem to me to have any colors that would clash, even to colorblind and partially-colorblind people. Sure, it's a relatively low-contrast color scheme, but I think it would be generally harder to read if the contrast were really high. You shouldn't use much in the way of full-intensity colors when you have a black background. If it had been a cover for a Galaxy Tab, it would be hailed as an innovative idea from a startup that has found a great niche. Instead, it's just an iteration on Apple's design, from a boutique that specializes in helping you further flaunt your gadgets as status symbols. EDIT: Based on the downvote, somebody seems to have taken one of the above sentences seriously. I guess I fail at subtle mockery. Credit should be given where credit is due. Apple's Smart Cover was an innovation. Miniot's cover is less of an innovation, but no less smart from a business sense, and it would have been impossible for them to make this product for any other tablet, because it's too soon for Samsung et al to have added magnets to their tablets. I think it's also safe to say that if Apple hadn't already done it, Samsung would never bother to make an expensive change to their tablet just to facilitate a clever case. What are you getting at with that link? That Apple didn't come up with the idea of a 4-segment folding cover? I certainly wasn't implying that - I was speaking out against hyperbolic praise or bashing of products based on pro-/anti-Apple biases. If you took the case you linked to and added magnets so it could function like Apple's Smart cover, it would be quite a bit bulkier. I think it's fair to say that Apple's integrating the magnets in to the tablet is a more significant improvement than Miniot's is over Apple's. By trying to lump me in with the people/strawmen who say that Apple invented smartphones or MP3 players, you do no credit to yourself and you make it look like you're trying to distract from my assertion that it does matter somewhat who the tablet manufacturer is because no other tablet maker would put the magnets inside their tablet. The App Store bears far more resemblance to Steam than to Linux distro repositories, which are primarily about resolving dependencies and being able to upgrade things without breaking dependencies. iOS and OS X Apps don't even have external dependencies other than OS-provided libraries, and most Linux package management systems don't have a standard GUI, let alone one at all like iTunes or the Mac App Store. You don't need to have a PS3 to have a stake in this mess. Sony is fighting for the right to remove features from a product as part of "security updates", to prevent jailbreaking from becoming legal for devices other than smartphones, and for several other precedents that would be very bad for the internet privacy and open source software. Basically, if you're on HN, it's a safe assumption that you would be at least indirectly harmed if Sony got everything they're asking for from this case. Even a leaky reactor won't do much to the RF signal, but it can affect basically every other aspect of the electronics: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiation_hardening When I hear lawyers and computers being talked about together, the first thing that comes to mind is that they tend to use WordPerfect. So, not only is it not safe to assume any level of computer savvyness, I'm not even sure that ctrl-f would be the right shortcut. The demoscene notwithstanding, anybody counting bytes like this will probably be putting their OS in flash/ROM, not on a hard drive. With GNOME 3.0 being such a major (and controversial) redesign, there are plenty of people who would say that it should be delayed for further refinement of the design. Most notably, Ubuntu has spurned the new GNOME Shell in favor of their Unity desktop environment. However, GNOME's got a history of not second-guessing or reconsidering their UI changes just because they're controversial. Also, the crazy talk about a GTK4 is a dead giveaway. I wonder how hard it would be to implement the Apple Obj-C runtime's ABI for GNUstep so that this could be used to run obj-c programs and perhaps eventually actual Mac apps. If it were shown to be feasible, I would expect the combination to get a lot of attention as an alternative to Wine for running proprietary apps on Linux. How about giving reliably good sources 10 "soft upvotes" to start with so that they'll be visible, but not let their score increase past 10 until 10 users have actually upvoted it. That way, a story won't get much staying power on the front page until users have validated the initial assumption that the article is good. What property is being damaged by Anonymous, and why does their anonymity matter to the assessment of whether their actions are right or wrong? The way I see it, aside from temporary business interruptions from the occasional successful DDoS, the only thing Anonymous harms are reputations. As to why their actions might sometimes be justified: most of their targets are (attempting to) abuse the legal system - most often by using copyright law for purposes that are harmful to the general public and beyond the constitutionally justifiable power of copyright law. Surely you can understand that when the legal system is part of the problem, it is sometimes necessary to resolve the problem with extra-legal means. Sony survived the rootkit incident. I doubt that Anonymous will be able to do even that much harm unless they turn up something that the SEC would take offense to. A DDoS has the same effect on a company and their customers as a sit-in does on a brick-and-mortar establishment. Sit-ins have proven to be both effective and socially acceptable. The main question with a DDoS is whether the balance of power between the protestors and the target is too favorable to a small group of protestors, not whether the tactic can work at all. It's quite a stretch to say that Sony is operating within the law in their anti-jailbreaking efforts. The current laws on the books are being interpreted in ways that have serious problems with the constitution, and we're a few Supreme Court rulings away from being able to call the legal issue settled . (And that doesn't even address the fact that Sony's lawsuit is going poorly for them.) Sony is not operating within the law so much as within the system. More importantly, it takes years for the legal system to deal with an issue even in the cases where it "works". Just take a look at the SCO case: they caused quite a bit of damage to the open-source software movement, and the company that chose to fight them is still in court and will never recoup their legal costs. Even if we do get a Supreme Court ruling 5 years from now saying that you can put whatever software you want on a piece of hardware you own, there's a lot of innovation being stifled in the meantime. The existing laws are not doing the job , and until they are fixed, there's a constant risk of bad precedents making it harder to fix things through the usual/proper/legal methods. You are also reading too much in to my last statement. I am not saying that it is always right to break laws in pursuit of your ideals, I'm just saying that it's not always wrong . Something being illegal is not on its own a good indicator of whether it is wrong. What makes you so sure you know where to draw the line? Hotz is in the same kind of legal trouble that motivates Anonymous to be anonymous. And give that they are anonymous, how can you be sure that they aren't otherwise respectable hackers? Or is it your belief that Anonymous' tactics are unacceptable in a way that disqualifies their members' otherwise acceptable hacking work? From Sony's perspective: Anonymous is going after their website, but Hotz is undermining their actual products! Who's worse, particularly when neither had much direct provocation? Wouldn't TCP Vegas over TCP work relatively well, since Vegas detects congestion using latency instead of dropped packets? Current ARM SoCs have all been built for embedded applications, which is why they integrate things like GPUs and radios. The next-generation high end ARM core, the Cortex A15, will be the first one that's intended to be suitable for server use: they've added virtualization support, PAE for up to 1TB of RAM, and cache coherency to their bus to support SMP. The server-oriented implementations will be quad-core 2.5Ghz chips, of which you would be able to put at least 4 on a motherboard like this. When they start hitting the market next year, they'll probably all but kill the market for Intel Atom-based servers. The disclosure triangles and combo box look native. The icons, scrollbars, tabs, toolbars, status bar, tip-of-the-day dialog (wtf?), and confirmation dialogs all are obviously non-native, some of them in ways that are trivially fixable (such as getting the button order right in the confirmation dialogs). I understand that it's pre-beta, but if they consider the current GUI to be even a prototype instead of the placeholder that it is, they'll likely never get any traction outside of Java developers trying to cash in on Apple's App Stores. Seems like a great summary, but it should probably be expanded to cover a few things that really matter these days but were beyond the scope of the article originally. It really doesn't explain much that is relevant to how SMP is done, but there's been a lot of interesting architectural progress there: The point-to-point HyperTransport links and on-die memory controller were the two biggest advantages the Opteron initially had over contemporaneous Xeons that used a shared front side bus connected to a memory controller in the Northbridge, but it also meant bring the complexities of NUMA to mainstream systems. Intel's first Dual-Core CPUs were also just two P4s sharing a socket, which was less effective than later designs that that had shared L2 and L3 caches. I'd also like to see a bit more about GPUs, as they use a different mix of techniques (many cores, in-order, but also VLIW) and have quite different memory and cache systems (eg. ring buses, directly controllable global/local/constant memory regions). I think the conspiracy theories, etc. were certainly bothersome, but they were far from overwhelming. It's important to keep in mind that basically nobody is in the business of following and publicly reporting on Microsoft's money trail, so in recent years we've only had weak evidence for their ties to SCO and their influence over the ISO standardization of OOXML. The myriad other possibilities probably were never investigated enough to have a chance of leaving the crackpot realm. We're left with only shreds of evidence, like certain lawyers being shared by everybody trying to undermine the GPL with a lawsuit, and Novell's IP being bought by a consortium that Microsoft put together. To me, the greatest immediate loss is her reporting on Sony's legal activities. Even Ars Technica has not gone to the level of depth that PJ's analysis has, and I don't think anybody else has been diligent about tracking what Sony says in prosecuting Hotz vs. defending against the class action. There have also been several occasions where PJ has been the one to dampen sensationalism by not taking the legal filings at face value (eg. the accusations that Hotz had fled the country, or that Sony had a smoking-gun match for his serial number and IP address). I think you're not seeing the distinction between which skills are important, and how to teach and measure those skills. I certainly think that trying to teach, practice, and test fund-raising, public speaking, etc. each as separate skills would not be a good way to train effective leaders or politicians. But if you teach a bit about each of the skills and then have someone apply all of them to a specific project/campaign/endeavor, they'll learn more and actually accomplish something along the way. (BTW, Evidence of this is very easy to find, because effective leadership always requires you to be exercising multiple skills simultaneously.) You wouldn't teach someone to play violin by spending a month on reading music, a month on bowing, and a month on fingering, and then expect them to be able to easily transition on their own to actual performing . Similarly, it isn't a good idea to structure a curriculum to have separate classes on data structures, assembly language, object oriented programming, networking, GUIs, etc., and then expect somebody having taken all those classes to be able to build a useful application. (Nor can you simply wait until a "senior project" to start tying things together.) There's really very little about that insight that's hacker-specific. Is the Sony mess not important? It's all about copyrights and license agreements, and it seems like it could have major repercussions for the right to run the software of your choosing on hardware that you own. (Not to mention the horrible privacy precedents Sony is trying to set with their subpoenas.) I'm not saying that the software patent issues aren't big, but they're battles between corporate giants, and will have limited effect on developers until most of them are settled. The Sony cases, on the other hand, could mean that you would need the manufacturer's permission before putting free software on the hardware they sold you. Most companies selling hardware would love for that to be the case, but it would make it nearly impossible for open-source communities to form around consumer hardware. Please, when you link to an editorial titled "Groklaw accused of censorship", have the integrity to note that you're the accuser. And don't use childish epithets like "GroklXX" and "Groklie" and still expect to be taken seriously on a forum like this. In the article you refer to[1], it is shown that IBM was not the aggressor, as TurboHercules filed the first complaint, and the "threat letter" was merely IBM calling their bluff: "Your suggestion that TurboHercules was unaware that IBM has intellectual property rights in this area is surprising." Furthermore, the letter was a response to a request that IBM identify any intellectual property TurboHercules infringed. Your refusal to take those facts into account is far more damning than PJ's belief that IBM's patent pledge did not cover TurboHercules. [1][ http://www.groklaw.net/articlebasic.php?story=20100408153953... ] Is there any way for IBM to notify someone of potential infringement that you wouldn't call a threat? How about option 4) making someone aware and giving them the opportunity to cease and desist from commercial infringing activity Is that a threat? It's one thing to tolerate infringement from a community open-source project. It's another thing to let someone commercialize that technology and bundle it with hardware when a fully proprietary competitor would reasonably expect to be sued in to bankruptcy in no time flat. Should the fact that part of your business is "open" give the whole business immunity from patent infringement claims? Also, IBM isn't "a self-declared friend and protector of open source". They only made a limited non-aggression pledge. They aren't (and aren't trying to be) in the same category as the FSF and EFF, or even RedHat. So any use of software patents is unduly "exclusionary [and] anticompetitive", especially when applied to commercial users of open-source software? I hadn't really picked up a strong "they're all wrong" vibe from what I've seen of your coverage of the smartphone mess. It should also be pointed out that two observers moving at different speeds would not agree on how far away the black hole is. You're implying that any use of patents to stifle competition is probably illegal, and should certainly be investigated. That rather thoroughly contradicts the definition of "patent". Further, IBM's decade of tolerating Hercules development suggests that they do see a difference between community infringement and commercial infringement. The part where he doesn't have to pay Sony millions of dollars in damages. Trials are never a sure thing, especially when the other side has deeper pockets, and especially when the laws at issue are so messed up. Hotz gets out of this with his fame and bank account intact, his hack is already out there, and Sony's still defending against a class-action lawsuit that has the potential to restore OtherOS functionality for everybody else and force Sony to pay damages. The only limitation on Hotz is that he can't do it again to the same company, but he probably won't need to since he's already got root for his PS3. This settlement is a cease-fire that neither side will want to violate, and Sony didn't get any of what they wanted. (They didn't even make an example of Hotz to scare off other hackers!) It's definitely a win for Hotz, and it's not a loss for the rest of us. I think there's pretty good coverage of the egregious attempts to abuse copyright and patent law and due process. I suspect that rulings in favor of limiting IP rights are truly rare, because most plaintiffs are smart enough to drop the case or settle rather than risk setting a precedent that would prevent them from being able to file a similar suit. (Case in point: The Sony v Hotz settlement) If that were the case, why would Sony be willing to drop it? It's not like the case was ever about just Hotz, because Sony knew from the start they would never get any significant damages out of him. It was about publicity and precedent. In trying to establish personal jurisdiction, Sony got to dig up basically all the dirt on Hotz. Even though they claimed several times to have found a "smoking gun", they never did, and they could tell that they weren't going to in the full discovery process. Neither side could risk a trial, because it would have been solely about nuanced interpretations of laws that weren't written with modern technology in mind. The outcome of a bench or jury trial would have been essentially random, and a long appeals process would have been necessary to truly settle things. That's just the kernel source, which has been available for quite a while. It's the userspace code that people are clamoring for. Unless you want hardware acceleration... There's no evidence that Hotz had to pay Sony anything as part of this settlement. You need platform-specific APIs to give you direct access to the relevant hardware, which you then need to be able to use efficiently. I'd rather see applications just feed the bytestream to the OS to decode using the best means available, even if it means support for new codecs is a bit slow. (Although an OS-level codec plugin architecture like QuickTime Components can get you software decoding for new or obscure codecs.) If my GPU has a high-quality, high-speed H.264 decoder, I shouldn't have to worry about which browsers will use it. They should all default to the OS-provided decoding and playback methods unless there are sound technical reasons not to. If I want to use a new codec that's not supported by the fixed-function decoder, I shouldn't have to worry about which web browsers have bothered to include the necessary OpenCL code to decode on my GPU. I should just be able to install one codec that hooks in to the OS's media framework, and all browsers should use that first. HTML is a web technology, but video codecs are needed by a wider range of applications, including playing optical media, games, and presentation software. The non-political arguments the mozillazine article makes against using the OS's media frameworks can be solved by using ffmpeg/etc. as fallbacks, except for the one about having to support multiple rendering paths (and even that could be solved by just packaging ffmpeg in the OS-supported codec format). If a web browser maker wants to make it hard to use H.264 even when the user already has a fully-licensed decoder as part of their operating system, then they are putting their political goals above the users' needs. If I want my browser to supplant my operating system, I'll use ChromeOS. Otherwise, I want my browser to play nice and not bring along political baggage. I don't want my browser to include it's own unoptimized codecs, it's own half-assed OpenGL implementation, it's own font rendering code, it's own widget library, it's own PDF viewer, and it's own device drivers. I want my browser to include a kick-ass [X]HTML+CSS+JS engine, and delegate the rest to the operating system like any sane application. Not too surprising. Just yesterday, I found that Bing had managed to get itself back in the list of search engines in my Firefox installation. I use a Mac! The only thing I can think of is that I must have updated the Flip4Mac WMV codecs, but I didn't even let it install Silverlight. If Microsoft is trying this hard to push Bing in so many ways, I'd be surprised if they couldn't manage to hit 30% while the competition is resting on their laurels. That doesn't really matter. There's basically no usability difference between: "You need to install plugin X to view this video." "You need to install QuickTime Component X to view this video." "You need to install third-party Firefox codec X to view this video." Except that the third piece of software likely won't exist, and Mozilla might not even let it exist. If browser vendors make it hard to install and use a codec for patent-encumbered formats like H.264, that will only prolong the use of even worse plugins like Flash for the purpose of playing H.264 videos. They leveraged one monopoly to create another instead of trying to promote IE on its merits, and implemented IE with insider knowledge of how Windows works, and did various other things like coercing OEMs. Those are the things that got them in trouble, not simply having the OS monopoly. Graphing calculators aren't pointless, but most people using them are missing the point. (And TI likes it that way.) Why not just put Mathematica on a netbook? Aside from the fact that a netbook is 3-5 times larger and thus less portable, it's all about the user interface. What's the smallest laptop you can get that has a real number pad, with its own enter, +, -, x, and / keys? It's probably bigger than any netbook. A graphing calculator should have a keyboard that is designed not around general-purpose text entry, but around entering math. Even the graphing calculators that have QWERTY keyboards also a dedicated number pad and a bunch of other keys. Even though I have a full-size 109-key keyboard and a pair of monitors totaling over 4 megapixels, and I have MATLAB, Mathematica, and a bunch of other math programs installed, I still keep my HP-50g on my desk right under my monitor. It turns on instantly, has a pretty good keyboard layout, and even though the screen resolution is monochrome 131x80, it makes good use of the whole screen to display just what I'm working on. MATLAB et al are basically worthless for short computations even if you do keep them running at all times, and while they are both faster for large computations and have more features, they aren't as interactive and simpler functions are take too many keystrokes to get to when compared with my calculator. (I will occasionally actually use a 50g emulator on my desktop for some of the tasks that are a bit cumbersome without a full QWERTY keyboard, but still suck with native software.) ------ Of course, the above is only why we should be continuing to use and develop graphing calculators. It has nothing to do with the current markets. (Astute readers will have guessed this based on my use of an HP calculator as an example.) The current reality in the calculator market is that calculators are designed for and marketed to teachers who train their students to be machines that operate calculators. TI and Casio are competing to see who can better enable bad teaching methods. They do this by offering standardized platforms, fully locked-down to assuage teachers' fears about kinds of cheating that shouldn't even help on a properly designed math test, and they partner with textbook authors and publishers to integrate their model's functionality in to the "curriculum". Nobody is designing or marketing calculators to engineers anymore, and engineers are for the most part not using handheld calculators as much as they used to. I don't think it's clear which is the cause and which is the effect. What is clear is that you can't judge the entire concept of a handheld graphing calculator based solely on the models that weren't meant to be useful. Almost anything a good calculator can do, it will do better than a general-purpose machine. Why buy a netbook and an add-on keypad if the user interface is still going to be the bottleneck? The CPUs in current generation calculators are fast enough for basically any undergraduate use case. (With better software, the HP's 75Mhz CPU would be able to keep up with any computation task that makes sense for a device with a small screen.) Yes, they ought to be a lot cheaper, but I think your target of $30 isn't quite realistic. Good keyboards aren't cheap, and neither are chips with power consumption low enough for running off AAAs. Certainly, if you want a high-contrast high-resolution screen and a lot of RAM, you'll be looking at a lot more than $30. Tactile feedback actually tends to matter for data entry. Back when people actually cared about the quality of their calculators and there was real competition, the quality and durability of the keyboards was one of the most important features of a calculator. The flexibility of an iPad's screen might be able to offset the lack of tactile feedback, but it would have to be a very well-designed piece of software. I know of no such app, though I would love to hear about one. Unfortunately, given the poor and stagnant user interfaces for both desktop applications like Mathematica and MATLAB, and TI's graphing calculators, I doubt that anyone with significant resources is doing the necessary UI research. They've set up a great lock-in system. They've bought off all the schools and teachers to get them to require students to use a specific TI model, and then they get the schools to buy textbooks that are written to use the TI calculators, with examples that give keystroke-by-keystroke instructions, and sample programs written in that model's dialect of BASIC. Sometimes they even get the standardized tests to require a specific calculator. It's a great deal for lazy teachers: not only do they not have to teach their students how to perform the calculation, they don't even have to teach the student how to use their calculator to do it. If a student wants to use a different model, they're on their own. They'll have to learn the TI BASIC anyways, because the textbook doesn't even try to do a decent job of describing an algorithm in any other notation. In most cases, breaking TI's monopoly would be as difficult as, and possibly require, busting a teachers' union. If you have no haptic feedback and dynamically shifting context-sensitive layouts, touch-typing is very hard. You simply won't be able to achieve the efficiency of a scientific calculator like the HP 15C or 32S, and even approaching the usability of a graphing calculator for the simpler operations will be hard. The potential usability gains for more complicated operations might be worth it for higher-level classes (and a good port of Geometer's Sketchpad would be invaluable), but I don't think it would help for a typical homework problem set unless it also had a good way to help you typeset the solutions you computed. "Not everyone can learn though rote memorization. People learn in different ways." That doesn't mean that current mathematics teaching methods take that in to account. Try looking in a current middle-school or high-school math textbook. I think you'll be surprised, and disappointed. When I was learning high-school level math, I found that the quality and usefulness of a math textbook was inversely proportional to the probability of the public schools using it (and, perhaps not too coincidentally, the colorfulness of the textbook). In recent years, my local schools tried to get away from a rote curriculum by replacing it with a curriculum that basically eschewed teaching, instead relying on "guided discovery" or something like that. It didn't help the standardized test scores or the students' mastery of what they were supposed to learn. Unfortunately, you do have to replace the batteries every few years, so they're not perfect . (I've owned a 15c for 3-4 years and have not yet replaced the batteries. My dad has replaced the batteries in his 12c about 5 times in the past 20 years.) unXis Inc. was created for the purpose of buying SCO's assets. To say that it exists to cause trouble is not a stretch. To say that it is a mistake when they claim to own something they clearly don't is . Hotz has said all along that any leftover donations would go to the EFF. If he used part of those funds to get good lawyers, and those lawyers told him that his case couldn't be won in a way that would strengthen the right to jailbreaking, the the right thing for Hotz to do was settle ASAP and pass along the leftovers to the EFF. How would the typical Hotz donor feel if he fought the case all the way, only to win on a technicality that didn't establish any meaningful precedent that could protect future hackers? EDIT: Hotz also took donations for a duration of two days before he stopped, deciding that he had enough to cover short-term legal expenses, and he didn't want to have too much money lying around in case Sony won. I think ceil(sqrt(points)) would be a better choice. Even if the concept of third-party prior art applied to trademark disputes, there would have to be a pre-iPhone product that exhibited all of those features for it to be a good defense. Merely showing that each feature had appeared before in some product would not be sufficient. Killing connections after a full second has elapsed probably isn't at all aggressive in the context of a game server. If the connection is legit but takes a full second to send authentication info, then there's no hope for the game actually being playable over that connection. No, we don't. GDDR5 is faster than current cards can handle. The bottleneck is in the memory controllers themselves - beyond an effective data rate of 5Ghz, the memory controllers get really complicated and just plain large. A Radeon 6970 ships with GDDR5 that can run at 6Ghz effective rate, but it only runs it at 5.5Ghz (though there are factory-overclocked cards that reach at least 5.7Ghz). NVidia's cards tend to run their memory at no more than 4.5Ghz effective, though they compensate by using a wider memory bus (which accounts for the odd-looking memory sizes). Upper-mid-range cards built off smaller cores tend to have higher core clocks, but much lower memory speeds. Halving the number of compute units decreases the demand for memory bandwidth enough that it's not crippling when you use a memory controller that's half the size and can only run at 75% the speed, which saves the manufacturer a lot of money. Not all search warrants are no-knock warrants. A drop of water compared to the volume of Earth's oceans is about one part in 2^84, so your analogy is a bit of an exaggeration, as there are only 2^64 /64s to be handed out. Still, there are plenty of allotment sizes larger than /128 that are still not scarce enough to bother charging for unless you have some other leverage (lock-in or a unique advantage on some related product). I'm not sure I understand what you're saying here. The stuff that has to be re-written is everything in Numpy that is performance-critical and currently written in C. Given the nature of Numpy, that's almost everything. The only alternative would be to make PyPy compatible enough with CPython to be able to load Numpy, but that would prevent you from taking advantage of many of PyPy's best features. The only tiny set of functionality referenced in the article is the portion of Numpy which has already been rewritten as a proof of concept. Much, much more still has to be done before there is a generally useful version of Numpy for PyPy. The "unusual code" portion of numpy is the entirety of numpy. It's BLAS for Python. Once it's well-optimized, basically any other numerical code or libraries for python (things like scipy and probably large portions of PIL, and applications built on them) should do reasonably well written in pure python running on PyPy. The JIT in PyPy should be able to offer good performance for non-numerical, dynamic, branchy code, so you will very rarely have to drop down to a lower-level language (C or RPython) except for FFI. JITs can help with tight loops that can't be identified and optimized at compile time, but that's not what Numpy is composed of, and code using numpy shouldn't have to go through several iterations before the Numpy routines get identified as hotspots and optimized. Numpy implements algorithms that are designed to be easy to statically compile into machine language code that makes efficient use of memory, FPU, and cache resources. DMA has historically been Firewire's one big advantage over USB, which even in the 3.0 revision doesn't do DMA. IOMMU support is going to be universal long before DisplayPort support (let alone Thunderbolt support) is even common for projectors. So, does that make the ISO setting a no-op in RAW mode? It sounds like it's entirely a post-processing option. Using scribd because some of your readers use Adobe Reader is the same kind of shortsighted non-solution as not using CSS2 because some of your readers use IE6: It makes things worse for anybody who uses Chrome, Safari, Foxit Reader or some other lightweight PDF plugin, or OS X which has Preview.app. Instead, you should just offer the PDF for download, and alongside it include links to some of the alternatives than can permanently relieve you of Adobe Reader. Are you saying that you think a court would dismiss a civil suit over a bitcoin transaction, or did you just fail include the scare quotes around "the government"? A double-blind test with proper controls can prove the efficacy of a treatment without anyone understanding how it works inside the body. There are plenty of medicines that are commonly used and proven to work, but through an unknown or unclear mechanism. Elections aren't the only requirement for democracy. The people who get elected also have to represent the interests of the people who elected them, not just the people who financed their campaign. It's a problem that's widespread in the US, too. We just don't have the same level of rage about it because our political parties are good at using issues like abortion to differentiate themselves and distract from their shared support for things like reducing civil liberties and protecting corporate interests. Most iterations of the "market share argument" I've seen imply that at some time in the future, Mac market share will reach a tipping point and writing viruses for OS X will be lucrative enough that there will be a dramatic increase in the amount of malware being flung at Macs. It has the same problem that plagues every other apocalyptic argument: the world keeps not ending. Nobody ever says how much market share OS X needs to reach this tipping point, which makes it pretty hard to falsify. Meanwhile, the Mac market share keeps growing, year after year, with only minor increases in the prevalence of malware, and no major botnets or worms of the sort that were rampant on Win9x and early XP. Claiming that OS X is (or will be) a soft target also serves to further undermine the market share argument: Windows has been getting more secure over time, which should help make OS X a more attractive target if it really is a softer target than Windows. The market share argument implicitly rejects the idea that OS X is significantly more secure than Windows, by saying that when OS X gets more popular, the amount of malware for OS X will catch up and be more comparable to the amount of Windows malware. It postulates that there must be some threshold level of market share that Macs must exceed before this happens. The current fact that Mac malware is still rare puts a lower bound on that threshold. Whatever that number is, it is larger than the current Mac market share. It is also safe to assume that 50% is an upper bound on that threshold. If you assume that OS X is not only as insecure as Windows, but significantly less secure than Windows, then the threshold should be lower, because fewer Macs should be needed to reach the same level of successful attacks. If an attack on Windows is twice as hard as an attack on OS X, then OS X should only need 33% market share in order to reach malware-volume parity. Every advance in Windows security that is not matched by Apple, and every increase in Mac market share, narrows the conditions under which the market share argument can be considered true, and narrows the range of predictions that can be made in accordance with that theory. While there is not enough evidence to totally reject the market share argument, we do not have the crucial evidence necessary to prove it true, and all the evidence that has been accumulating over the past decade counts against it. One successful product does not necessarily lead to a thriving market. The authors of Mac Defender have probably made a good return on their investment, but what counts in the long term is whether their customers have, in the form of stolen credit card numbers or botnet membership or whatever. If Mac Defender and it's forthcoming copycats aren't very effective tools, then we probably won't see an explosion. There will be some short-term growth, but Mac malware would quickly become a low-level endemic problem, instead of the multi-year epidemic that would be necessary for OS X to get to the state Windows is in. Mac Defender may mark the start of the arms race between malware authors and Apple, but I don't think there's any evidence yet to suggest that the arms race would proceed as quickly or as embarrassingly as it did for Windows. Last time I bought something at an Apple Store, my credit card was swiped through an iPod Touch, not a Mac. Do you think that the iPod was running a virus scanner? I'm not saying the market share argument is illogical. I'm saying it's not likely to be true. The extent to which that can be proven is limited by the lack of specific predictions to be falsified. At the moment, all I can say is that a significant fraction of the predictions that could have been made a decade ago have been falsified. For example, the Mac malware explosion has not happened yet, and Mac market share is around 10%, so we can conclude that Macs aren't 10 times easier to attack than Windows targets. If Mac market share is more like 15%, then Macs can't be much more than 5 times easier to attack. The Witty Worm could be explained by those firewalls being considered far more valuable or vulnerable targets than desktop PCs. The market share argument typically assumes that those factors are roughly the same for Macs and Windows machines, and that the only significant difference (or at least, the dominant factor) is the size of the target population. What behavior is that, for those of us who can't install the beta at the moment to compare? Good explanation, but the only difference from how my Firefox 4 installation works is the delayed resizing, which isn't as important since I can close a tab by middle-clicking anywhere on the tab. In that scenario, I'd put my cursor over the last tab, and middle click 6 times, possibly having to move the cursor for the last one or two. Or, I'd more likely have tabs 1 and 2 pinned as app tabs (probably gmail and pandora, in my case), in which case I can flail with any close tab action without problem. Also, I browse with browser.tabs.closeButtons set to 3, which gives me a fixed-position close button at the end of the tab bar. (And on my laptop, I close tabs with a gesture that doesn't require me to move the cursor at all.) Delayed resizing is a neat feature, and one that Firefox should copy, but it is not as critical as you make it out to be. They're usually pretty stable, but they are lacking in features compared to current routers. My WRT54GL has been deteriorating, with uptimes peaking at about one week, and two broken ethernet ports. I recently upgraded to a Netgear WNDR3700, which lets me escape the overcrowded 2.4Ghz spectrum (none of my neighbors use the 5Ghz spectrum, whereas I can pick up about 15 different APs on the 2.4Ghz channels), and helps switch my wired network over to gigabit ethernet (which all but one of my computers now support). The new router also has about 4 times more RAM, Flash, and CPU power, so it can run a wider range of software. At some point I'll probably also start using it as a file/backup server with a USB hard drive. There's a big tradeoff between reliability and density: 50nm MLC is good for around 10k cycles, but 34nm and 25nm MLC are rated in the 3k-5k range, and it's not clear yet whether 20nm MLC will be able to stay in that range. SLC is much more reliable, but also much less dense than MLC. It's easy to maintain overall device reliability (and performance) by having more spare area, but that negates a lot of the benefit of moving to a smaller process. (And the performance penalty from having fewer flash chips to stripe across for a given drive size also detracts from the smaller process size.) Is there any reason why this version of LuaJIT wouldn't perform well on an ARM Cortex A-series? Has the mircoarchitecture changed enough that code optimized for a single-issue limited out-of-order execution ARM11 would run badly on the dual-issue speculative out-of-order Cortex A9? The most significant instruction set changes have been for SIMD/FP operations (which aren't applicable to most code), and Thumb, which might not be very useful for a JIT. AAC, even at 256kbps, is not lossless. (Nor is it Apple-specific in any way.) Apple has not announced any music streaming service. By using a halfway decent router with properly configured QoS. It isn't hard. Between running lsof locally and rflow on DD-WRT, it's easy to isolate the ports used for your various backup services. Once you have that, it's trivial to put those services at the bottom of the queue for outbound bandwidth. If the onus is on the authors of backup software to ensure good bandwidth usage practices, then we can rule out port-sharing with real-time application protocols (and HTTPS) as an unequivocally bad practice. Even if we don't, it's still easy to de-prioritize traffic from unknown hosts or on unknown ports or on connections that have transferred too much data. (The popular and easy to use Tomato firmware makes all of that trivial to set up.) Also, mainstream desktop users do generally know what a router is. The people who are afraid to touch the boxes the cable guy installed and think that IE is the internet are well below average in terms of computer literacy. Finally, backup software can't ensure that it is well behaved unless at some point it tries to estimate the quality of your connection (which is hard to do accurately), and even then it can't be well-behaved if it is used on more than one machine simultaneously. The photos and music are still stored unencrypted on your hard drives, and the metadata is embedded in those files, so no, they aren't controlling your data, any more than Dropbox does. As I recall, back in the PowerBook days, Apple touted how their new hinge design reduced the overall height of the notebook when open. As compared with the previous PowerBooks (which had much thicker bases), the titanium PowerBooks had a much lower profile, without really sacrificing anything except the ability to bend the display all the way back. More likely, he's thinking of this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64#Differences_between_AMD6... It wouldn't be hard, except for Apple being in bed with Intel. As they exist today, GCD/libdispatch blocks are very similar to OpenCL native kernels, but with more automatic scheduling and implicit data transfers (which are almost no-ops when the kernel is running on the host device). On an AMD Fusion system with a shared memory controller, you don't have the huge latency of transferring your kernel arguments to the GPU (and with libdispatch blocks, you are generally transferring less data), so a block could be executed on the GPU with hardly any more overhead than on a different CPU core. The only problem would be that you would need universal binaries of your blocks to also target the GPU (or LLVM IR to be finalized at runtime). As Apple has complete control over their very modern and flexible LLVM-based toolchain, implementing this would be very straightforward, even without the fruits of an AMD/ARM collaboration. (Though it sounds like ARM may help AMD be able to provide an array of scalar processors that would have good performance characteristics for typical dispatch_async uses.) The accused will often be the only one who knows how strong the encryption is, or how prevalent the foreign language is, so they're the only one who knows whether it is possible for the police to decrypt/translate without their cooperation. Thus, in reality, the determination of whether the accused can be compelled to provide the decryption information cannot depend on the strength of the encryption/obfuscation. The concept of common carrier status had been around for a very long time when it was first used to apply to telecommunication services. These days, phone companies and many kinds of physical transport services are common carriers, while ISPs have only the benefits of common carrier status, and none of the limitations. LightPeak/Thunderbolt is supposed to support copper or fiber cables with the same port and controller. Within the next few years, there should be much longer fiber versions of this cable, with the optical transceivers replacing these chips. Light travels as both a wave and as particles. Whether you observe light to behave as mostly particle-like or mostly wave-like depends on the circumstances. When you are dealing with very small intensities, you usually observe mostly particle-like behavior (but wave-like behavior still shows up in things like self-interference as demonstrated by the two-slit experiment). If you think that it's unlikely for a photon from a distant star to reach us, then you are simply vastly underestimating the number of photons involved. Consider by analogy the process of smelling something: actual molecules need to fly off the object, travel through the air, and impact your nasal passages in order for you to smell it. That means that anything you smell is constantly dispersing its mass into the atmosphere, but an object can remain pungent for a long time without significant weight loss. Photons are vastly more numerous than olfactory molecules, and carry incredibly small amounts of energy. Faster than light travel isn't classical time travel, until you turn around. If you only travel away from Earth FTL, then that doesn't automatically produce nasty paradoxes. However, if instead of sticking around to see all the light pass you by, you just turn around and head back to Earth, again FTL, then you can arrive before you left, and cause all sorts of trouble. You say that metered, per-byte billing will impose a significant overhead. For ISPs that already have caps, they are already counting the bytes, so the only overhead would be in the variable billing. Half of the ISPs already do that for their non-IP services. You also haven't said how much it costs a company like Comcast to pay for transit of their customers' data. You haven't given anyone reason to believe that transit actually is the dominant cost to a residential ISP. Depends on where you are. In my town, business cable is 10/1 for $100 only if you sign a 3-year contract. It does. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_DOS_machine NTVDM is unavailable in 64-bit Windows, but XP Mode uses 32-bit XP, so it can be used to run DOS software. (Though there will be trouble if you try to use it to run DOS games.) I've seen the entire suite of DOS Borland C++ developer tools run under NTVDM, and other non-trivial, useful stuff, like Lotus Magellan. I've also seen some quite trivial programs fail completely in DOSBox due to imperfect compatibility. I don't think git has ever been included with OS X, but it has been part of Xcode 4.x. Once you install Xcode 4.1 or later on Lion, you should have git again. (Xcode 4.1 includes git 1.7.4.4)