There's a bigger mistake. If government keeps torturing until all volumes are discovered and unblocked (or until you're dead), than why your points when you have hidden partition are higher, when you don't? Considering this, it is no longer a strictly dominant strategy for you to have it. Was not having one global currency - one of the main reasons to introduce currencies in the first place? All those "national" currencies will be susceptible for 50%+1 attack. No HTTPS. Go and die. The author is short-sighted. He doesn't know any descent modern OO language, but tries to review Swift. Except ARC and syntax differences, it is more like a subset of F# or Scala That's what I said. Swift is a subset of F#/Scala. What are the alternatives? You have to ship secret keys with your app to be able to access public APIs Typical bullshit. How is it related to Hacker News? We did some progress on PhoneGap http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/vstudio/dn722381.aspx FreedomPop Bad title. Article only says about correlation. It's just you > JavaScript will always be the (or, a) scripting language for the browser, and if something new emerges, we will all have plenty of time to prepare. Thing is - what if it already emerged, but you missed that? The whole article seems faulty. At least I fail to see how this experiment proves wrong to use mirror test to check for self-awareness as opposed to proving pigeons can be trained to be self-aware. I bet that Notch will make it free to stay for hackers (in a good sense). This man created the best start for the next generation across the globe. No idea on other stuff, but immobilizer for auto, which is like kill switch for phones, reduced car theft multiple times (3+) since it was introduced. https://archive.org/ BS Great service, guys, but beware of the first waves of fraud. I don't think ECC will help. Where you can flip one memory bit, you can flip two consequently. Nice. But does not scale. Two questions to author: what was his grandfather charged for, and did Soviet slavery machine forced his father to become drunkie? I'm on nightly, and popup is blank for me. Have some extensions though. Clickbait title Did you do double blind? I would say it is still a very big achievement. Imagine you being able to do something you were not before, just thinking about that. Useless site advertising campaign fed up my news feed. Because people from normal langs or without cs background expect type cast roundtrip to return original value if temp type can represent any value of source type (e.g. string can represent any value of bool) > No one believes Putin is a genius Oh, man, I wish this was true. Just like Dmitri back in Russia I tried to prevent elections fraud, and even though I myself got forcibly removed from the site, and my friends recorded fraud, some my other friends did not care. But that's not the worst: some still think Putin is a genius after knowing that! Now I'm in US. Fuck them. I had a similar project in progress, but paper author's university declined to licence technology. Did you somehow managed to convince them, or did you register as non-profit? It is pending. The study itself is behind the paywall, so there's no actual data to discuss. It would be very funny, if the study result was actually produced by a gender difference, rather than a profession. A ton of bullshit in the article, and the cancellation reason is never stated. Why is it even here? Yeah, then call it 'Almost jQuery 100500' Seems like it is a good way to peacefully fight religion. I'm sad to see how children are being deprived from basic rights to freely exchange information. It's not the age, that makes you dumb enough to share something you shouldn't for your own good. This, and enforcing religion on kids by their parents are two things why we, the Internet, should start a campaign for children's rights. If you were drawn to the article, thinking it is about mysterious rock movements on Mars - you got clickbaited. Nothing like that. Just uncommon material. Great article series. Very easy to understand, and brings a lot of inner works of a managed runtime out. Risking get fire for self-adv, but some time ago I made a very simple static HTML-based ePub reader (does not even support contents or pictures), but with some sync over Google Drive. I used it mostly because I have a wide diversity of platforms in my possession, and want to sync between them. Here's the link: https://h5reader.azurewebsites.net/# A commie here. I actually liked Atlas a lot. It still inspires me to do work, rather than sit on my ass. For that I recommend it to people. It is great in that. No so much in 'honest - then, and only then - capitalist' part. Long speeches never bothered though - you can always skip them, because you kinda know what they are talking about for 10 pages. I don't think it is a good thing though. Wind power will not scale to cover humanity's needs for entire 20xx, not to mention 2xxx. I'd rather see all this hype going to fusion research. Not sure this particular algorithm has anything to do about economics, except its author is an economist. I personally believe Transcendence has the most realistic future (if you exclude humanity at the very end of it). No details given. Source? AFAIK most DX12 samples in SDK are not UWP. AFAIK, there are no such features. Desktop app can use any UWP component maybe minus UI controls (but there's WPF) That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. That's not a real solution, because its not scalable. They should literally be scaling horizontally rather than vertically. There's a lot of less densely populated space around. Still NO, Google That is so very true. The worst part is - I had a prototype in 2012, but never actually finished it until now. Hope this will find its place in enterprise, where every dollar matters. That's not so true. I'm usually very annoyed, when navigating my pictures or video collection, and thumbnails appear after several seconds. Same with large folders. I have to agree with maxpert. When Windows 10 was about to be out, I was ready to bury that project, because both Linux, and OS X already had that, and I expected MS to integrate something similar. However, 1 year later it is still only available in Windows Server, and extremely hard to configure. Regarding SRT - it is good, but bound to a particular hardware, so does not suite everyone. Not sure I understand your idea. Windows already caches reads to some degree in RAM. This project gives less speed, than RAM disk, but allows to cache much more. TL;DR Why is it a myth? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergey_Brin Dumb ad Compensation? Paywalled I kinda agree with the title (but not the article), as all that green bullshit wastes money, that could otherwise go to fusion research. Green energy simply can not scale. As shown by haberman's comment and a reply by yummyfajitas below, our brain clearly does not operate on pure statistics, as most people are subject to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conjunction_fallacy Is it here because of that Tesla hipe? Tens of cars per year probably crumple just like this Model S, but there are (rightfully) no articles on HN or other IT web sites about that. Fail story: I have SSD + HDD caching for Windows ( https://diskache.io/ ). But due to lack of marketing skills, and, perhaps, lack of common store for system software for Windows, even free Beta version has been downloaded by like 3.5 people during 3 months of availability. I don't have exact download count, but only 13 people actually launched it. ReadyBoost does not cache writes at all. Windows Server 2012 R2 actually have similar feature, but it requires some PowerShell magic to set it up, and only available in Server. Ideally, Islam should be banned, because https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostasy_in_Islam#Punishment + the fact, that children of muslims are considered muslims is quite incompatible with modern humanity. Does not say anything about technologies used, requirements, or who gets computing resources. But the general idea is great! Also, will be nice to have some competition! At this moment, why would government give any tax breaks to gay couples if most of them (even in the states, where they are allowed) do not raise children (which, I believe, is the reason for those tax breaks in the first place)? So we've just got from 'evil' "votes against same-sex marrige" that Mozilla CEO guy was fired for, to "cosiders tax breaks are for families to (eventually) get children" -> "votes against gay marriages because they don't get children even if though they can", which does not look evil at all. I could probably summarize opinions of those voted against same-sex marriage in "marriage and any tax benefits coming from it are there to support people who will eventually raise children". I see, that gay people are not happy, because opposite-sex marriages still get some benefits, but some of them do not end up having kids. In my opinion, to separate the bugs from the meatloafs, we should separate living together and having kids legally. And the first one should be available to any kinds of partners, but should not provide any benefits, and the second should give benefits, and be positively recognized in society as "family". But allowing gay-marriages is in no way makes lives closer to that. I agree. We should instead disallow non-bearing children couples from being married, or remove tax benefits. IMHO, we could have made it all very clear, however, most people would not understand if government would try to redefine 'family' to require kids, because common understanding of family is a deeply conservative thing, and even most liberals would not feel that change good. I would go even further, and would provide tax credits for anyone planning to have kids in, say, the next 5 years, and I would take money back after 5 years, if no kid is out. See discussion below. Does it support deep sleep and push notifications? No, but I am trying. Seems to be Linux-only problem. Care to check for driver updates, and that GPU rendering is actually enabled? I mostly use Skype Give them a chance to recover funds. Maybe they'll comeback. Potential vector of attack to look for, not an exploit. Thus, flagged. That problem seems to be specific to Android. I had Samsung ATIV S, which did not have this problem at all (Win Phone). However both S3 and Nexus 6 have it. The later I bought in part to make it go away at least partially:( TL;DR; Azure Queues (and any other component of Azure Storage) have 20000ops/sec limit per storage account. Those guys used a single storage account for all queues. They increased load a bit, and hit this limit. Azure throttled them every now and then to a complete stop. Solution was to have multiple queues in multiple storage accounts. IMHO, important information to keep in mind when building horizontally scalable service. Every message channel/storage should be ready to be sharded in some way. I guess it is time to consider.NET. With Linux support and upcoming JetBrains IDE that will be the smoothest transition possible. That does not cancel the fact, that only a minority of desktop gamers do not have Steam constantly running on their PCs. Time to delete Opera Link account, and uninstall the Mini :( Matter does not have to cross existing horizon for horizon to grow. Imagine a horizon radius R for a mass M (R=horizon(M)). Despite no matter would be seen touching that, time in sphere between R and R+dR ticks slowly even for external observers. So matter can get into this thin sphere in finite time. As soon as dM of matter gets into this sphere so that horizon(M+dm) > R+dR, the black hole now has increased radius and mass. Everything that was frozen on the surface of BH is now inside the BH. I am not sure what interpretations have to do with symmetry of equations. Actually, your Facebook argument kinda sucks. Number of people who lived without Facebook is likely on the same order as number of its current users (if not lower by now), and most of them had much worse education. Can't quantum physics on its own predict proton radius? Seems a lot like trolling. But the answer is - go to the next interview. I really wonder why those techy multibillionaires invest in medicine rather than techy stuff. I'd rather like to see fusion and hardware research done. Speaking globally, that might just bump global economy so significantly, the illnesses would go down just because more people would be able to afford education and medical care easily. I don't ever read this word often, but still did not notice this as well. This kind of stuff should be marked by robots. To be honest, he did not suggest to sterilize them. So his statement might be technically correct (the best kind of correct). E.g. it might actually be true. With VT-* and now apps running in VMs, how is it different from Ring 0/everything else separation? Did you report it? Because that sounds like extreme misconduct. Amazon could have got rid of those nasty people. It might be a criminal investigation actually. My friend outside can set up an infrared receiver, and I could Morse 'Classified' to him very fast if trained I like the idea, despite enormous time we were promised for implementation. However, I am worried, that the plan does not allow any kind of back out. Considering very high price and 10+ years execution time, I'd like a clear strategy for cancelling that if situation on the road changes significantly due to self-driving. 1 less action Does that mean that Russia will disclose details of its participation in Ukraine's current war, and pay back those who suffered it? If not - who cares what that guy says? We'll see about that I'd like to add, that judging by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geological_history_of_oxygen , the atmosphere has ~2000 years worth of oxygen. So no suffocation even if all production halts right now. This article is complete and utter bullshit. "But think about the benefits, when you make your own meals you are saving money, rather than paying a chief, tip, delivery fee and markup, you only pay for the ingredients." If you think even a little bit, it is obvious, that producing prepared food at scale is more efficient than cooking it for yourself. "as you learn to cook you gain an important skill, you gain independence ... being self-sufficient" Right, drive yourself to work instead of using mass transit, make your own clothes, furniture, assemble your own microchips (you surely can't be a developer/admin without a microchip, so that one is very important to be self-sufficient). Don't forget to dig a hole and pump your own water! Fallout is coming, we all need to cook right now! Oh, and also it is much more interesting, than spending the same time on reading news/books or making something for other people! Still waiting for it to run on any Android device. Your statement about self-sufficiency is universally correct, but does not make sense in the context in its current form, because noone is 100% self-sufficient, but everyone is self-sufficient to a degree. The statement you actually meant (assuming you had thought settled), which is: "it is always better to be a little more self-sufficient" is definitely technically incorrect or at least extremely dubious. Also, irrespective of any assumption I might had (or not) about the author from a long post, you go much further assuming you know I had one, and that you know it from my single small comment half of which is original author's quotes. That's not true very much. Both Facebook and Amazon are asking systems design questions. Clickbait. It's not something. If you read the article (which you shouldn't, because there's no physics), you will notice, that no new confirmed idea came out of it. Wait, Linux did not have stack guard pages and r-x code pages until 4.9? SDE II, one of big companies, Seattle WA, United States $150k, $30k, 0 If you join my religion, it will be the fastest growing with at least 100% per day! That is right in everything, but shooting and taking damage, which is mostly irrelevant for driving AI. If you finish scraping, can you still make a .torrent? I still think it is the end of all classes. How did it go? That does not really make sense. Why would physics simulation and prime calculation be so much slower? I would not trust those benchmarks. That's because, AFAIK, no any meaningful problems were solved by this algorithm yet. I'm not even sure it can make a Max(array) on its own. Is there any kind of report or ongoing investigation blog? > it makes you 5% more productive Is there a study, or you just feel like it? According to Web performance chart, it looses to 7700T, which has 1/2 TDP and 5% lower price. A simple concept for no-timezone time: instead of using a number for hours, use some city (perhaps first one/two letters of the name) where it is noon at that time. E.g. this post is around 15:00 PST in such system will be just "samoa". 12:00 GMT will be "greenwich", 16:00 GMT - "moscow", e.t.c. Does not solve the problem for local time (stores in one country will be open from moscow to greenwich, in other - samoa to tokyo), but helps to put global time in perspective. E.g. if its berlin, you can guess, that folks in Berlin have around 5 hours more of work time, and folks in Moscow will be done in 4, and Japan is enjoying nice evening already. IMHO, Wikipedia is mile wide and half a mile deep. Apart from knowledge special to a particular thing, it contains pretty much everything. If you ever think it is not the case, it is certainly the place to put your additions to instead of your private bookmark. How much benefit does it give over using any other NVMe SSD (which would probably be much cheaper) and some caching software like Diskache? WSL should give you full zsh. But actually, why not PowerShell? Should we consume more? I would actually like to see electricity prices to go down, but it seems like research in that area nearly stopped. Does "voluntarily" here mean they did not wait for the lawsuit? Were they legally obligated to do it? If yes, that "voluntarily" is a pure shit PR move. Are you going to publish the source code for reproduction? Author here. Wanted to make something to replace seemingly dead GridMove ( http://jgpaiva.dcmembers.com/gridmove.html ). Current version basically reimplements GridMove's functionality. Features over GridMove: - High DPI support - layout is defined in XAML which should be familiar for many Windows .NET developers - XAML allows some slick UI customizations In plans: - window filters by class, title, program (you don't want fullscreen games to be affected by this app) - hotkey remapping (not hardcoded hotkeys) - realtime layout editor with preview In plans for paid version (likely around $3): - support for StackPanel, WrapPanel, etc based layouts - zones with tabs (multiple windows in a same rectangle with little "tabs" over it) - automation rules (e.g. if there's a fullscreen app running, move windows to secondary screens; automatically move new windows to preferred zones; rearrange windows, that have not been used for a long time, etc) Wow, that's a really long comment. Stack is not open source, however, some libs are (though only non-window management related). You can find them at https://github.com/losttech/ There's really not many WinAPI to call. SetWindowHookEx for handling global mouse events (there's an open source lib I use actually). MoveWindow to (guess what?) move windows. The rest is mostly hand-made. There is no JavaScript extensibility right now, but I could think about one for the future versions. Basically, extensibility right now is limited to decorations in XAML. However, that will be significantly extended when some features I mentioned above will land. What I also though about is an open source library of pre-made screen layouts. I am hoping to eventually cover that approach as well. As long as you stay with simple non-overlapping grids, it should be easy to implement. However, i3 is quite functional, and Stack supports overlapping when necessary. So there're some UX compatibility problems to think about. I'd be interested to know what functionality do you really use on a regular basis. Especially, it would be interesting to know _why_ do you use it. E.g. not just "I want to split my screen in half and put W1 to the left, and W2 to the right" but "I want to see all my open windows the most comfortable way possible". For example: generally you don't just want a chat window constantly visible, you also don't usually need it to take half of 30 inch screen. So with an ideal app you should say, that it does not require more than 10cm width and 6cm height, and WM will figure out the rest. Did he even ever develop a single complex UI app (or any app actually) in Python? For those of you who tried it on a domain-joined computer, and it just crashed and then could not be started, it is due to http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21326598/sha256cryptoserv... Will fix it shortly. I think some things are already available: - moving windows around is done with Win+Arrow key - if you want to bring a new terminal with a hotkey, you can just assign one in shortcut properties (that's a Windows feature). Once automation feature is implemented, that terminal will behave similarly (or better than i3). - sounds like Ctrl + d is basically Win key on Windows, that brings up start menu with integrated search - virtual screens are already available on Windows 10, and there are hotkeys - maximizing a window already has a hotkey in Windows 10 as well - Win + Up. Currently, Stack overrides that hotkey though - hjkl sounds possible, however, I'd like to avoid modes, so they'll have to be used with modifiers I will see what I can do to make it possible to run similarly to i3. I certainly did not expect "shut up and take my money" kind of attitude :-D Not true with any elevator. Do they hire non-citizens? Can't you open a dispute and get the money back? The whole notion of containers is basically this. That's why I am not sure why not just fix the OS. If there's anything to fix in the first place. PHP dev as a president? No way! I wonder why some routers are not listed as vulnerable (I have N65U) The page does not actually tell what is it. > $240 per month in gas $50 for Prius, $100 for descent Audi > $100-$300 per month in electricity let's settle at $120, unless you run a server farm at home, for which you will need more solar panels anyway Take away highly speculated income from cars $193,000/240 = ~800 months = ~65 years to recover costs More realistic That's much cheaper, than this article. Where is this? It severely depends on the mood (even in long term). From 3-5 during bad weeks to 20+ for good ones. Do you know about hashlife? IMHO, Firefox needs to focus on performance now. There's nothing wrong with the 'old' UI. It is performance that made me move to Chrome. And why is that? o-O You think you can rename some class method Add from some project to Enqueue faster in vim? So it has nothing to do with size, right? Just a week after I considered buying my first Apple product, iPad Mini specifically. But to be honest, I was going to use it instead of my phone. I would certainly appreciate a daycare facility on a campus more than a gym. Perhaps Apple, but Google with Android? Really??? People knew the EoL date for Windows XP ten years ago. It's not MS fault they though it will be no problem to use EoLed software. > Missing in media reports about these things is the connection between action (our foreign military mis-adventures) and reaction (terrorist attacks). Ha! That is probably because there's comparatively less correlation between terrorist attacks and foreign politics, than there's between terrorist attacks and attacker's religion. In case you are not aware, various islamic groups perform terrorist attacks in Philippines (look up recent news), India and Russia, the former two being 100% internal affairs. > And in virtually all those cases, there's a link to the target's actions against something the terrorists hold dear. If by 'something the terrorists hold dear' you mean power and prevalence of islam, I absolutely agree! When Chechnya de-facto separated from Russia in 1990s, they run multiple ethnic cleansings: https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D0%AD%D1%82%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%87... (no translation to English unfortunately). It looks like something similar is happening right now in the Philippines. Yep. Some people apparently have never seen the table under https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostasy_in_Islam#Apostasy_in_... Yeah, I felt that trend too with XAML Standard. I can answer you here: same applies to bathroom. We only close it because it is currently considered socially inappropriate to do otherwise. I've upgraded my unsupported Ativ S to Windows 10 Mobile. Might be a stupid question, but if you have any hardware from between that moment and the moment when you removed the email, which run Outlook or any other program, that makes local copies of files, you can try to disable its connectivity and get wallet from it. What do you think your bank will do if somebody gets your password and moves funds out of your checking account? I think religion works because parents coerce their children into it by denying them basic live necessities if they do not comply. E.g. they will not eat until they pray. Yes, I actually think that's how it works in "normal" (or rather typical) families. We will never know until somebody actually has a poll of some kind. Also, what do you mean by "the most abusive"? If we are talking the entire world, I'd guess that's how it works in >80% of religious families. Perhaps that number is lower in US, but not by much. Considering how abusive it is, I'd say the most families are "the most abusive". P.S. in the first para by "normal" I mean that if you ask many random religious people of age 30+ most of them would consider that behavior normal. I bet if you don't put any bad words in your question like I did in my statement, and simply ask "would you consider normal making child pray before he can eat?" even among well-educated religious people many will answer "yes". Try on your close friends, eye opening thing it is. Wait a second. That's exactly how Windows taskbar binding works. I understand, that it does not apply to all people, but, obviously, those considering it normal won't comment here. Do you have children? If you do, do you coerce them into your religion (btw what is it)? If you do, how? It is a speculation I drew from observing behavior of people I know. I have somewhat similar project: https://h5reader.azurewebsites.net/ Quite poor on features (does not support images or even chapter progress), but I've read many EPubs through it. Syncs books and position via Google Drive. Does not work in Edge though, Microsoft could not fix a bug for a year (and still can't). https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/platfor... The beauty is you can add it as "app" on Android and/or iOS. And it works with desktop as well. Wait, aren't linear equation systems solvable in N^3 where N is number of equations/variables? Why do they claim exponential improvement? None. I find reading much more efficient. While conversation is probably not a good example of anything, I agree with the main statement: phone numbers must die. They are insecure, unremarkable remnants of an outdated system. I would not think CSR would actually know that phone is not a secure channel. I bet they are taught it is. Took long time to do it right. Camera doesn't focus and minimal brightness turns screen off (which is nearly impossible to restore). Those are the only problems thought. Fusion. The "even today" part destroys the entire question. Obviously, you would not survive on uncooked food 400 years ago as there were no refrigerators (unless you were a king or something, and even then). Bad idea. I have not interviewed many people yet, but already during one lunch (!) interview (where I don't ask any questions), a guy was so proudly talking about his achievements at his previous job in quite generic terms, that I've got an impression he was teached the whole story, rather than actually lived it. Later he was not hired. According to (trusted) others in the interview loop he did not know how to do any basic shit. What's the statistics in your case? Or they just talk less about what they actually consume. Does not mention fusion at all. People are so short-sighted. :( Plans for Windows port? You can always use the Internet Archive. AFAIK last week's Petya is in C#. You seem to be missing, that family only pays above $500k IMHO, better way to think about it is that humans claim they want not something they really want. This little pet blog post is not going to lead anywhere good. Examples do not look very readable. In my practice VLC had troubles with many HEVC files. Surprisingly - Soylent. It saves a lot of eating time. No, a LOT of eating time. Plus it is probably a little healthier than what I'd eat otherwise. As a US citizen, do you want a US spy to get 10 years in Iranian prison? Considering principle of uniformity, we should reduce punishment for spying significantly. Why does it have to be prison, when it could be deportation + property confiscation? Spying country should be punished, not that particular individual. ASUS gives you barebones much cheaper. Just buy RAM + hard drive and you are good to go. https://www.asus.com/us/Mini-PCs/VivoMini-Products/ According to wiki, processor in my wife's PC is from 2009. Windows 10 runs on it no problem. Behind the trees you don't see a forest: Half-Life used 32MB of memory on 1024x768 display. By 4 or even 2 byte color it is 2MB just to store picture output. Modern apps work with 4k2k*4byte color, which on itself is 8 times more memory. Only as long as all actors in play are rational. Power does not matter that much if you spend $3 of it to earn $100 every month. It mostly depends on payback time. Can somebody clarify if he was executed by Syrian government? Should I, an employee of Amazon, quit, if I do not support this policy? Any company is a sum of its employees. One certainly is part of the company's identity. Have to admit, perhaps that thought only came so strong because of me literally yesterday reading https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiananmen_Square_protests_of_1... , knowing about this information being censored in China, and, suddenly, Amazon submissing to government to prevent people from accessing it. Right now feels too dramatic. Does it belong to Amazon.com or does it not? How is shareholder's interest any different from corrupted government interest? You either support freedom of information, or you do not. So part of it belongs to. Yeah, I am also puzzled. Even checked comments to ensure these are not bots. As option mentioned above, SDE job market is very hot right now, so finding another position will not be a problem. Except they did not do anything stupid and harmful. They just did not do something clever and beneficial for customers. Any way to download from Amazon video? I miss 1.X speed feature of VLC. For the same reason they can't accurately portray anyone else - most of the time activity in nearly any profession is boring. I had this: https://www.google.com/search?q=metal+constructor&tbm=isch&t... : I bet guard just releases AI randomly. The first sentence already states, that fired guy said women "unfit". Stopped reading right there. What this review does not mention in its price tag - is the cost of the cooling system. AMD claims liquid cooling is required for Threadripper. Latest NVidia GPUs are ~1.3-1.4 times faster, than previous gen with the same or lower power consumption. Why can't you just spin up a VM? Easily. At least with a big keyboard like Microsoft Natural. Hitting small areas with mouse becomes much harder though. I highly doubt this is logic. Came from low-medium income Russian family ($9k/y household), made it to multiple $100k/y total comp. in one of the big 4. But here's a thing: pretty much anyone of my old non-CS schoolmates/university friends would call that 'luck', but somehow most of them would consider a suggestion to learn Computer Science to be arrogant. Sorry for the confusion, I used quotation here in sense 6 from http://www.wikihow.com/Use-Quotation-Marks In my opinion in this context "unfit" and "unsuited" are synonyms. Hell, I do the same all the time. Honestly, there's very little number of shows or movies that bring noticeable value. So I prefer to rewatch good ones I've already seen. > While this seems interesting, in this type of application what benefit does this have over, say... unit and integration testing? There were numerous remote code execution exploits caused by improper image handling libraries. So I can see quite a value in a verified image manipulation tool. I assume that wasn't free food he's talking about > How about if you talk to Hindu people for example and see how they answer similar questions? So you think 50% hindu of any country will say, that freedom of religion should be punishable by death? Because that's, apparently, what >50% Pakistani muslims say ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostasy_in_Islam#Apostasy_in_... ) Does not seem to be much faster than i9 7900X apparently. https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=tyan-int... Also mind power consumption. I am not convinced that Kim is rogue. How do you know his actions are not dictated by China? Imagine that person believes, that if that's not done, alternative is WW3. Can you guarantee that's not going to happen? What if they actually nuke something, and then China will follow? Where did you get the number of escaped people from work camps? Can you recommend any one in particular? Tobii EyeX Gaming vs Tobii Eye Tracker 4C A lot of water without actual benchmarks. I doubt that statement is correct. This is not even the same processor series and number of cores. Article is about Xeon, and this benchmark is about iX > you cannot deem his opinion irrelevant Why not? Its not like he's an expert on that matter. I bet you don't have mobile internet enabled. > Based on your categorization Musk and Page's opinions aren't relevant in this manner either, neither of them is what one would classify an expert in AI Bingo! How about this simple hypothesis: Android is suffering from the same problems all Windows had prior to Windows 7 - drive fragmentation. Cheap flash will not give you nice access times when data is fragmented, and over time fragmentation accumulates. > or Android development You've got lucky. Android catches up with internal Windows dev nowadays. Last time I met with Google engineers, they told me Android team was always on fire because of target release dates, infinite bug backlog and other similar stuff. So, to summarize, instead of trusting physical hardware owned by different people we are expected to trust that keys, that were used to sign genesis block will never leak? These are some extreme cases you've started talking. If you can carry gold to another country, nothing will stop you from bringing a USB flash with new, longer Bitcoin blockchain, which includes your transaction to send BTC to the receiver. Less than 4k on 49"? I have 40" and 4k resolution. Clearly, this monitor does not have enough vertical space for coding. They can physically seize company's assets, and block bank accounts. You shouldn't trust China or Russia on that. Have to give it to FB, they do have that option. Not arguing with the point of this article. If you have to read FB to keep track of your friends, Social Fixer for Chrome cuts a lot of crap from it. There's still no September update, while other phones got it last week. https://developers.google.com/android/ota#shamu How do you stream PC games? I think in most cases marketing deprives me of things I want faster being a resource hog. The first link actually talks about a non-issue. Antiviruses used undocumented Windows feature. That feature does not work like they thought. Microsoft won't fix it for them. People's optical system has much wider ranges in many parameters than photo/video camera matrices. That gist is full of insecure shit. In case of merge that would be merge commit author. I listened to a talk about this, and it seemed, that you can recover a lot of data by looking at the "diffs". You could probably even train autoencoder-like architecture to decode these deltas for you. Too shallow from any point. We all have limited memory. I prefer mine filled with concepts, not function names. I mean insecure configurations, like turning off automatic updates. For instance, unconditionally marking current network as private. Could you elaborate why it is bullshit? Parent's comment seems to be a very good point. Is he factually incorrect? How? After reading the article, I still don't know what's new in WebRender Sure it doesn't. Except you can use it to transfer value without first consulting your potentially totalitarian government without much effort for the first time in the entire history. You forgot about effort and risk. I am impressed how you mentioned UK, and parent mentioned a cup of cofee, but both of you failed to recognize, that I was talking about billions of people, who actually live under totalitarian governments. Where illegal stuff mentioned in some other comments might be buying certain books under threat of death penalty in some extreme, but still dangerously common cases. First world people still can only see first world problems. Hm, now I think about it, what exactly are you outraging about? It's not like buying ads on Facebook or influencing people by showing them texts or pictures is illegal. Hacking attempts, yes, are a big problem. Facebook ads - not a problem at all. Here, saved you time on reading 3 pages of bloat. > A new programming language that is designed for developers to create apps to debug on quantum simulators today and run on an actual topological quantum computer in the future. > New Windows 10 S devices only running UWP apps will encourage this progress a lot. If anybody will actually buy them. You had some terribly bad luck. I had minor BT problems on some Android phones, but everything else works flawlessly. Two problems with that: 1) I'm not sure that would be bad 2) Some areas are already relatively independent. Wouldn't harm to make them a bit more so. Known They all seem to BE "yes "IMHO. So does it matter that much? What is that solar in percentage of total power production? Does every single new product from deserve its place here? There's nothing in this laptop out of the ordinary. That's a kind of common misconception. Nothing collapses. Measurement system (e.g. your eye) just gets entangled with particle in the same way particles get entangled to each other, in a particular state. Russians themselves are not so much enemies. The state is. I actually admire your request and also the new word, that replaced the "old guy". Will try to stick to it. Groove's startup is also instant. If that is, indeed, the case, then Microsoft makes a bad image of itself by not giving this to their existing users, who desire that a lot. I shave one every morning. Works well. Benchmarks were not made properly: there's no warmup, no multiple runs, etc There are number of things, that would go wrong with it: cold caches, unloaded shared libraries, that might be already in memory in full Linux system in VM, etc Also I should mention, that native Linux build might be optimized for ext2 or whatever as opposed to NTFS. How exactly did they solve cross-site scripting? It looks like all pages run under same hostname:port pair. Now Washington state please. There are quite a few tiling window managers for either of those OSes, you just need to do some googling. I develop and use Stack on Windows. https://losttech.software/stack.html Looks like somebody wants to obtain SEO links. Gold can also go to zero over time. Mining asteroids can do it very quickly. Could you be more specific? He also stated later, that he had older videos uploaded long time ago. > A family member was working in a facility selling Californium-252 Did he sell to government, or basically anybody could buy isotopes just like that? The entire article does not mention qubit once. Nothing is sustainable in the Universe. Heat death seems to be inevitable. Where did you move to? I'm looking for a good area like this with the biggest requirement of having fiber or otherwise just a very good 250Mbps+ service. Care to share a couple of zips? He never mentions price of traffic between yourself and EC2 instance in cost estimates. So, the study does not say anything about causation. It could be that depressed people become LGBTQ more often, than non-depressed. Why NVDA is not safe? They are pure hardware, that the former 4 need all the time. Why not just RSS? You forget about population density. Lower density requires longer roads. Did she pay though? Another way to grab some attention. My guess would be, that channel is limited, and vision requires much more data. I've got Acer fix mine in 2 weeks including delivery. How can Lenovo be that bad. Here we are now, in a line with BSS and Usenix users. Anecdotally mine Androids never bootlooped (started with Dell Streak 5) I respectfully disagree, that DS9 was a step up from TNG. It all got nailed in the Gene's quote about what you will and will not see in 24th century. Star Trek for me is a sneak peak into a different future (maybe not 300 years, but 1000s). And DS9 is, basically, today, wrapped into a Sci-Fi suit. Name one episode of DS9, where you'd see a problem and its solution, and be able to say "rare living human would do this". For TNG: the entire Borg thing, and that episode with Data trying to prove a tool became sentient - is something you can't find in Trump's twitter. That is basically the same reason for the rants about Discovery: they can't make it past TNG's timeline. I've been rejected from Facebook at some moment. I assume that happened, because we had some sort of disagreement with the interviewer. That seemed like a system design question, and at some moment I suggested to use SHA256 hashes to identify unique arbitrary long human input sequences (no malicious intent assumed). And he asked me what would I do if there's a collision. Estimating probability of such collision to under about 10^-40 over span of 30 years of everyone on Earth typing input for that system at max speed did not convince him there's no need to handle collisions, and he kept insisting on that question. Well, I got hired by another big company here, on a more interesting project. Words change over time. One of the big reasons is being prone to misspelling. You mean UWP JavaScript apps? There's a feedback item for it. Upvote! That is definitely not the first AI church. http://www.lifespirit.org/FCAIR-Main.htm [2009] But the idea has been around for a while. I think MSBuild was part of all .NET Framework distributions. Even if it was not, you could download SDK without VS. Its just that people use VS because they like it over a clueless text editor. Doesn't the new setup with container / VM require much more memory, as now you have to allocate it for every kernel? That space just becomes empty, and can't be reclaimed. Thus useless. I may end today in tears. What per-app tabs are you talking about? This whole idea is actually cross-app tabs. This looks like a really cool feature! But in its current form it does not seem to fit code editing scenario on large screens: I need to keep IDE project open next to browser so they are visible at the same time. On multiple screens this would require something like task-based full-screen multimonitor layers (as in Photoshop layers). Certificate problems. Last place I worked at had that problem (code injection) applied a lot to bash scripting. The problem was solved for SQL after libraries that do parametrized query building gained popularity. Captain Obvious? And potentially add to >100%? Probably, should have instead linked to a page, that explains what domogik actually does. Home page fails to do that. The question you should be asking is if Amazon stops Google from developing its own Prime client. Because that's what Google does here. Prime video example does not fit, as Amazon does not have a monopoly neither on video, nor on App Store. It would only be illegal, if Amazon App Store would be a monopoly, and its installation would require additional installation of Prime Video app (hello, Google). Now we have a new motto: "Don't be Google" (or Amazon). I got my house filled with motion activated lights at less than $10/piece I ended up buying used HP Elite x3 (Win10 Mobile) because of that. Even though MS dropped feature updates for Win10 Mobile, they promised security updates until 2020 if I'm not mistaken. I'm slightly bummed by the lack of YouTube (hello again, Google), and Lyft. TL;DR; increased amount of CO2 in the atmosphere reduces amount of nutrients in most plants. "... calcium, potassium, zinc and iron ... drop by 8 percent ..." The court will have their own opinion, and probably would not agree with Apple. You could make a reader as a static website: just sync data to Google Drive / Dropbox / OneDrive. I have a simple EPub reader doing exactly that: https://h5reader.azurewebsites.net/ That probably changed just recently. It does not make much sense to use avg tx fee to see if a currency is suitable for micropayments. You should be looking at the min tx fee. I profoundly disagree. Some statements are provably false. This article has no insights whatsoever. Here's the thing: not everyone will accept formal proof. Sooner or later they will have to be silenced. Has anybody sued already? That seems like a huge issue. Any relation to inability to trigger GCP build using public org repository? Check your math. Lack of a good news filter. Reconsider. Watch South Park "Grounded Vindaloop" episode. I would say it is quite cagey. I'd argue if your specs page says phone has 1.8GHz processor, it must deliver 1.8GHz otherwise it is faulty. If it does not live up to specs, and you (Apple) know about it, it is direct deception of the customer. I'd bet 100% court case victory for any complaining customer. Wait, did not Bitcoin enable SegWit already? Can't you still send any amount for $5 on Bitcoin? Why do you keep insisting there's a problem with a battery? There's no problem with the battery, it behaves like any other battery in any other phone. The problem is that phone's compute ability stops matching its advertised value soon after purchase. Isn't he just being factual though? The comment he replied to was also a personal attack of sorts on the husband from the story. I fail to see why is it relevant to the current issue. Its not like you know 100% that if the battery would be swappable easily, they would suddenly decide to tell you instead of silently slowing the phones down. Honestly, it feels like people, who have grudge on manufacturers for making non-swappable battery, just need an excuse to bring the swapping topic afloat. It is also important not to affect any potential lawsuits against Apple by implying, that swapping batteries on affected phones would solve the problem. Because it would not: Apple should also cover damages to people, who had to buy new iPhones after being misguided. Maybe ridiculous? WTF do you care what their end game should be for their best benefit? Maybe it'd be better for then to simply steal customer's money if they could get away with it. But that would be straight up illegal. And so is forcing users to upgrade by intentionally introducing performance degradation and telling users nothing about it whatsoever. I understand your point, but now you can see how my fear of talking battery replacements came true. Probably millions of people bought new iPhones this year because they were deceived. Next day after my comment and all the discussions Apple announces they will make replacements cheaper. But those millions are still basically f*cked. And Apple will get away with it because most people complained about replaceability of the battery, while the only real issue is straight up illegal deception. Talking about battery swappability only serves Apple by driving conversation away from it. They will never make battery swappable unless there's a regulation to force it. Text version: https://medium.com/@marlene.jaeckel/the-empress-has-no-cloth... It's quite selfish to assume what's OK for you is ok for everyone else in a same situation. Have they completed scientific and adversarial review of the proposed guarantees and their respective proofs already? If I'd knew a flaw in Casper, I'd wait until the final release and deployment. Without respective proofs, what is the point? I am also interested in the details. The critics in my comment was basically targeted towards them not releasing the technical details on their progress on Casper. We already know there were problems with proof of stake consensus algorithms before. I would like to see them telling, that they solved them. NVidia was growing for a year after Polaris release with nearly 50% performance jump. It still is growing. SDE II Amazon Seattle, ~$200k total/y Very much not necessary. You clearly haven't played the paperclips game. Yeah? How about iPhone performance rip off of last week? x32 is not the correct name for 32 bit Windows. It is confusing, because it crashes with the new Linux kernel x32 ABI. This makes me think, that on the scale of the paperclips game we are well past where most players would think we are. We are actually at the beginning of the hypno drone release project. Nah, somebody would make a free version. It is unknown if BQP >= NP or NP-complete What feature are you talking about specifically? This is assuming "you can't get into iPhones" was not a poker face while they were passing information. Right, blame Facebook and Google's tracking on Microsoft's attempt to do what's better for their users privacy. Re: Seattle: 15 years for two rail lines is a joke. Assuming they actually build it. Too many crypto miners? For 3), there was recently an article, that highest cost in US rail projects is buying land. 3 kinda offsets this. Well, the comment is really bad. PR or no PR Microsoft did what users would have really wanted if it worked. You can blame Microsoft for it, but they were not the ones, who ignored users best interests here. There's one important datapoint in this article: "The Bamboo Ceiling". When the whole fuzz about gender discrimination started, Microsoft and Google published numbers, claiming women got the same pay at the same positions as men. Knowing there's discrimination from personal experience/feeling, I theorized, that women are discriminated in a different way: they don't receive promotions. Under otherwise similar circumstances having children does not feel to be enough to explain why of 100 women hired in tech on professional roles less are promoted to higher positions, than of 100 men. That trend is (at least anecdotally for me) observable even before people become parents. This "Bamboo Ceiling" shows the same effect for another potentially discriminated group of people. Compile time slowdown looks pretty sad too. -21% is quite bad. I still haven't seen any repro of the capsule network effectiveness. Can anyone point to it? So they will finally embed Social Fixer into the website itself? Add Project Almanac I'll add Transcendence and Lucy. Despite having relatively bad rating, they have unique plots, that in my opinion are a bit closer to what could actually happen. Another really good one is Animatrix. Also Westworld. Will not deny that. But there are not many plots involving superhuman intelligence at all. His case relies on random assumptions. So they figured people tolerate irrelevant posts about their friends, which their friends did not share (Facebook users them to retain attention), more, than irrelevant videos? You forgot to add "fucking" in couple of places. :-D But leafs shake because they receive waves. Not the other way around. Warning: heavy lags on mobile while scrolling. How about a recall? Its a hardware bug, not a software "feature" It would have to if they would wear out during manufacturer's warranty. Yeah, the battery story shows how excellent their hardware is. What about daily 2h routine of HN? Or maybe they do, but we are unable to perceive it, because of our low emotIQ? Does it have push notifications and mobile client with full text search across the public/company wide chat history with access control? That point had been widely discussed here already. The article does not substantiate it further. Basically, the whole article is that cutting time of X by 90% makes X 10 times faster, not "90% faster". Can't you make a shortcut for Fidelity on the "desktop"? Mailing lists on their own do not provide ACLs, and the only way to read existing private topic is for somebody to forward you all the messages. Are there existing nodes, that do that automatically for you? Yeah? What is the client and the server? Seems to be a stupid article. Both ways to compare are very wrong either way. The correct way is to divide, and then mpg vs pgm does not matter. It just happens, that subtracting in pgm is perceived closer to the real rate you get by division. Why wouldn't it? Certainly better, than attempts to artificially limit population. Get used to it. Everything comes to an end. All your favorite animals will, and humans will, and whatever comes after them. I highly doubt consuming meat today affects lifestyle of most humans in 50 years noticeably. Why is it bad though? Unless it affects human population, I don't see why should I care. Do you consider it immoral? Well, morality is personal, and most don't agree. How can you obtain a positive proof? If you take from intermediary, the intermediary claims you have the right. They do not usually disclose how did they obtain it in the first place. Well, what if instead they think how stupid were we to not develop fusion sooner? Or immortality? Or human bioengineering? Eating cows hardly can make that list if we pick top 10 pressing matters. Seriously, you want to make real impact, learn yourself a high energy physics degree and do research. Not eating meat is a joke. We as humanity will make not eating meat much sooner if we'd focus on uploading and fusion. I bet you would. Come back when they are past 80 I just fork Jekyll Now on GitHub and go from there. No Azure? It is not that simple. For one, I only put the first comment under an article after reading it. Which does not happen until I am interested in the topic. I mostly rely on top level commenters replying to the article content, often with quotes, and then go down into discussion from there. I wish there would be some steel/concrete/brick single family options. Nearly nothing in Seattle area built after 1930. Hearing, that people still pray to god is very sad indeed. I hope she just said that metaphorically. Does anybody know pricing? That article omits it, or I missed it. Simple evolutional strategies are orders of magnitude less performant, than even relatively simple neural networks. I don't see how a mere million of years can compete with one dedicated 100 billion neuron network, let alone multiple of them. I mean, I admit I have what you call 'The Engineer Desease'. I believe in scientists more, than in plants. I dunno, Skype is pretty miserable right now. At those speeds, its nice to start thinking about decentralization. At a GB speed, your network is about as fast as a typical HDD. So whatever you store on an HDD can now be twice as fast to load if your friend has the same thing. It would actually be way better, than HDD, because you could do smaller requests. Hard drives take about 10ms to respond to a random access. Your friends could have the thing on SSD or even cached in memory. So you'll get a significant speed up. 1%? Are you kidding? That's over 70 million. It's on the order of population of Germany, and 10 times more, than Swedes. Try Yandex if it is available in your language. So, basically, too expensive for what it gives. I am not defending him, but does not wasting human time on ads (as Facebook and Google do en masse) have the same or potentially even worse downstream effect on life? I think you need data, not anecdata. I had the opposite issue. I had no problem playing GTA 5 on AMD, but with NVidia I couldn't go past some mission because the same PC would hang on me. This sounds like an overzealous legal department. Perhaps if this case would become more visible, somebody from Microsoft would insist on dropping charges. Yeah, modern methods are easier on people. They just rig election results and prosecute opposition candidates nowadays. Common folk can do whatever as long, as they don't protest too loud. Another thing I'd bring to the table is switching from nuclear power to renewable energy, which is not sustainable long term IMO. Would make sense if it was coal, but dropping nuclear sends a bad message to fusion research. Anecdotal: its unusually cold in Seattle this winter. So goes both ways. The site looks beautiful and loads insanely fast. Can we easily reuse the whole theme? You can also use a different browser. Funny in the light of Goldman Sachs' statements about the future of cryptocurrencies https://www.cnbc.com/2018/02/07/most-cryptocurrencies-will-c... Wow, MS Office 365 costs like $100/y for 5 users, each getting 1TB of OneDrive. And also, well, Office. So Google catches up with Azure ML? Maybe, once Wikipedia and Gmail are available full scale. This should be a kick to the shrinking heavy industry. It's a matter of principle. Also, unacceptable if you can be prosecuted for posting stuff. Well, most people keep befriending christians despite christianity mostly spreading via essentially being forced on little kids. That applies to your second point about giving zero thought on this case of children abuse. Qualitatively - no. Quantatively - maybe, but I fail to see where do you draw the line. Meh. We just did not come up with better uses yet. He did mention payment processor issues. I would not say it is uncommon though. AFAIK intrusions into major companies like Google also happen to stay unnoticed for months. Its not like he's wrong. But life also causes deaths. Just not in the common sense of cause of death. Maybe Neptune? Would make more sense. Oh, c'mon, they are named after specific Gods after all. Its not about passing values. Its about how do you pass values. In all the honesty, can you claim they are not simply forced in at least 50% of cases? I would highly doubt that. Wait, there was Alexa Nest integration. Was it pulled? I am not actually suggesting to do it, but you could blow up all outsiders. There's Lineage OS Better have US in there In the current theory, photons do not have a frame of reference. "The spooky action at distance" is a media term. In quantum physics it is indeed a "single state". I fail to see why Odin, or any other god you could have meant would "see" Universe's events any differently from physics. Physics by definition is seeking the full description of the Universe. What we argue here is how to interpret that, but that is mostly needed for people, who are too lazy to grok actual equations as they are. I always though the problem is with the "collapse" thingy. You don't observe Green marble. You just entangle yourself with the marble pair. And so does the guy with other marble. In the end two marbles, you, and the other observer become a single entangled system, who has two states: you've seen green marble (and the other guy red), and you've seen red marble (...). And now if I "observe" that system, I also become entangled, and also will have two states: "I saw you claiming you saw green", and "I saw you claiming you saw red", and so on. From a physical point of view, in that description there's no mystery. What might be interesting is how you (as in your mind) seemingly experience only one outcome. I even suspect we don't. I have a $20,000 Honda, and none of the listed issues are even imaginable. Considering my model is not among the top selling ones, I'd say what you describe counts as pretty significant quality control issues. What do you need explained? This is the nature of things according to the Standard Model. We are well past Einstein at this moment. Flagged items disappear for a reason: to not give free rank to shitty articles. It can still be morally dubious if you remember this was probably applied to a proven terrorist, who killed or helped to kill hundreds. No show all button on mobile You know stratum is a well-known protocol name? IMO it us wrong to equate USSR and Russia here. Russia did claim USSR heritage, but it is definitely not USSR. Georgian event is not clearly fault of Russian side. The Ukraine one is though. TL;DR; script for Google Analytics, that chirps when people enter/leave your site. The sooner we get fusion you meant. Why Pi^2 is so close to g, gravitational acceleration on the Earths surface? Perhaps browsers just need to ask users if they want audio before letting sites play it. Like a permission. Well, it has Cloud Act in it, so you could find it before asking here. But there is (though I think they don't use it): TPM based host attestation. It does make some sense not to trust police all the time. People can not just blindly trust their governments. And the only way to retaliate an oppressive government should not be strictly controlled. I thought fire started because rescue team cut someone out of the car. Could have made fusion I think it's closer to 100% due to Wine Could that be a survivor bias? Meh, there was one in Russia 2y ago. Called MMM 2.0. MMM 1.0 was also Ponzi, but not honest. So the guy behind them got prosecuted for MMM 1.0, finished his sentence and then did 2.0 honestly. Any Windows tablet would do, no? Do you mean the individual retirement accounts? /s No, it was not :( I am not sure this depends on TPM. Care to share a link? Wait until you get to Docker 5 -> Docker 6. I bet it will turn into Java basically. Can't he claim likewise exchange? Everybody ignored it though. They should have made a store policy. I wish they'd at least kept Edge up to date. That would make my Elite x3 live for another couple of years. Did not work on https://losttech.software/stack.html Looks like an unnecessary restriction on the length of the last piece of domain name. It does not make it wrong. Only potentially wrong. CoreCLR so far does not work on either Android or iOS AFAIK. Did Lineage OS not ship a fix? Where did they say "dysfunctional"? The parents statement assumed, that 1) child will more likely to be dysfunctional 2) grannies knew about it Otherwise it does not make sense. I referred to the statement's inability to back either of these assumptions. Most common phones like Samsungs are though. I don't understand why there has to be a battle at all. What is this, a grammar nazi club? How do we make it harder exactly? Did you enable Windows Hello? Could we ban/flag it on HN? Here's the thing: there should be rioting. But there isn't. Here's what the article should be: Russia bans lots of AWS and GCP IPs to see no riot. So does this spring in Seattle :-D Then you also need to block services, that do better ranking. Maybe he wants to travel :-D Better switch to WebAssembly It has been raining heavily during past several weeks. Complete BS. Here, I conveyed a thought to you over a really long distance through the ocean, that is called the Internet. There's also a recent theory, that suggests, that the space expanding is accelerating due to a very distant merger of gigantic (on the scale of mass of the entire visible universe) black holes, caused by long gravitational wave pressure (as I understood it), emitted by that merger. The theory is interesting for it drops the need for cosmological constant. https://don-beaver.livejournal.com/196412.html Mix of Russian explanation + paper in English published in MNRAS (closer to the end of post). The theory's main premise is that "gravitational waves don't have gravitational mass", and spewed quite a lot of debate. I wish I'd know physics better to check their math. Well, now their VLC is gone altogether, AFAIK. I guess they can't use their incompatible playlists even if they were willing to keep 2.1.1, because 2.1.1 is gone from the store and all devices too. Maybe stupid question, but why not rename beta to VLC Beta, and release 3.0 as VLC? I would not have noticed, if a couple a days ago I wouldn't find VLC on the stick anymore. Any good tutorial? why are they not in the store? Probably quadratically, or even linear, but to the difference. One of them has just a name: Barbarich Viacheslav Yuryevich Stack window manager ( https://losttech.software/stack.html ) - which I launched on HN about a year ago. I've always wanted to have a customizable tiling window manager for Windows, but the ones I found were outdated and did not cover all needs. I used to install GridMove the first thing on any new Windows installation, until it started failing me due to lack of HiDPI support. I had some experience with WPF and XAML, which is a .NET's layout language. It is very flexible. Grids, lists, stacks, expandable containers, input driven animations, two-way data bindings - you name it. Also, many Windows-based desktop developers are already familiar with XAML. So it became the natural choice for my window manager's layout definition language. I just added grouping windows into tabs, and autostacking to the latest version. The reason I mention it here is that I receive a lot of very positive feedback about it from various people. I've got some really inspiring mail (totally unexpected). One person even excused himself for not speaking my native language - so he could have expressed his happiness about the new superpower to tidy his desktop better. TL;DR; "43-year-old Giaus Villosus trapdoor matriarch" Previous _known_ record was 28. Why not? It is an ask from feds, and they track insurance as a sort of income. So where are the numbers? The article only mention cancer and heart issues. But the way to tell it was weird. No timespan is mentioned. Did I miss it? Asking, because if they less likely die from cancer they more likely died from something else. Oh, found it: +12y for men, +14 for women. No data per habit. What do you mean by "not explained"? We sort of know how they work. The only arguments against that are mostly philosophical. Sounds like BS. Of course you indirectly observe consciousness, and ML and neural nets in particular are pretty good rough models of it. Or amount of matter in the Universe. The latter is something, that can be observed and studied. That's why karma is unscientific. They are definitely better, than parent's karma model. You can tell it to AlphaGo, char-rnn and other similar recent stuff. They lack self-awareness, but that is mostly due to lack of reflections in their respective environments. Which is very weak judging by Wikipedia article. None of his cases disprove null hypothesis, unless you trust random folks to tell truth, which no sane scientist would for the factual basis. That's what they think. Fortunately for the Internet, there are lots of unaffected servers outside it. If the fronting is done on the client side, can we set up clients to perform the same trick on other services? E.g. make Amazon and Google think they use domain fronting, and thus have them reconsider ban? Hm, I get SSL_ERROR_NO_CYPHER_OVERLAP in Firefox on https://stack.blogs.losttech.software/ , that is served from https://github.com/losttech/stack-blog via Cloudflare. Don't you also have to pay for traffic going to/from lambda? In that case raw audio and video would be very expensive! Care to name a few? AFAIK, Windows understands / as a directory separator. I though Windows won't let you move or rename a directory, if it has open files. He won't see your message :(