> I like that AMP forced publishing companies to take a hard look at page performance, for the first time in a while. True and false. It forced companies to pay attention to page performance... and then create an entirely separate version of every page they have, using up valuable developer time that could have been spent making the original pages faster. Google should (and now/soon are?) assess the performance of the page and rank it accordingly, not force everyone to make two versions of their site. But this is where the sneaky part of AMP comes in: they wanted that side-swiping carousel that meant you never engaged deeply with any one site and instead stayed on google.com (and kept those google.com ad cookies, natch). There was no way to force people into that without AMP. ...how do you think those AMP pages got made other than with valuable developer time? AMP versions of sites aren't just magicked out of thin air! Without "valuable developer time" there are no AMP sites. I think the point you're actually making is that without AMP forcing these sites to be faster, they would still be slow. Which I agree with. But as I said in my original post, Google ranking sites according to their performance would have the exact same effect as forcing AMP on people, except that it would let sites choose their own implementation rather than be strong-armed into one controlled by Google. > The parent argument was that the time spent differently would have the same effect. Again, no. The argument was that time spent focused on page performance would have the same effect. If Google punished slow pages in rankings that is all the incentive needed, not the creation of an entirely new platform. > Integrates with my watch and phone in such a way that I don’t even have to pull it out to pay. That’s contactless payment. Entirely possible without any Apple anything. A more cynical person might say that one of Apple’s strengths is marketing commoditised capabilities as something special. Ehhhh. Self driving cars have been just around the corner for a long time now. Not saying it won’t happen, but I wouldn’t buy a Tesla today on the assumption that it’ll happen within the lifetime of that car. That isn’t a very helpful comment. Perhaps you could illuminate us? Rust also lets you avoid atomics by using structs that implement Send. Having an async function return such a struct is a lot easier to map mentally (for me, at least) I think the OP was using examples from a different ecosystems to demonstrate how such a consensus could be reached, if people wished for it. I think your comments have made that clear. Which is fair enough. But I imagine others feel differently. I think the biggest reason is simply that esbuild hasn’t been around for that long and isn’t as customisable as Webpack. The latter point is important: if esbuild wants to introduce more customisability it’ll need to use more JS, and be slower. Because there’s a very small defined set of actions a person can take in such games: backwards, forwards, left, right, etc. By comparison pages have dozens of links, form fields, menus, etc. It’s not that they can’t be navigated with the keyboard alone, it’s that it’s rarely the most efficient way of doing it. Clicking a link will always be quicker than pressing tab X number of times to select it. Why is keyboard use the pinnacle of UI? Pretty much every device has some kind of mouse-like device attached to it, and trackpads with good scrolling (e.g. Apple ones) are a wonderfully intuitive way to control movement. I get that HN likes using the keyboard for stuff like terminals, I do too. But web pages aren’t terminal applications. The situation you’re describing is one where trained professionals use one and only one UI. Web sites aren’t like that. They’re used by a vast number of people of differing technical ability, and different sites do incredibly different things. I’m not saying a keyboard UI is never right. I’m saying that it isn’t universally right. Everyone says that Apple’s business is selling hardware but that’s changing. Apple Music, Apple TV, iCloud storage and their commission on app sales are all clear software incentives. Yes, they’re still dominated by hardware sales but it’s obvious they are interested in diversifying. Count me among those people. The U.K. is home to some absolutely wonderful people but those in power (and those who wish to be close to that power) are depressingly small thinkers, to me. Their vision is locked on a semi-fictional past where Great Britain was an exceptional country without fault or failure. They want to recapture something that never existed and are willing (if not eager) to throw away a position that was enviable for those in and out of the EU. I knew someone that worked at Apple around the launch of the iPhone. They worked on the macOS (then OSX, I guess) team and said they had very little idea that the iPhone was coming, despite it heavily using OS work they’d done. They were called into a few meetings and asked obscure questions but were never told why. So I guess that helps. But it seems wildly inefficient to me. I guess it helps to have a giant pile of cash. This is really cool but I doubt this is now PICO8 works, since PNG lets you create arbitrary chunks of data that standard decoders will ignore: > All ancillary chunks are optional, in the sense that encoders need not write them and decoders can ignore them. http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/spec/1.2/PNG-Chunks.html I stand corrected! I maintain it’s an odd choice given the availability of alternatives, but I suppose it’s all in good fun. IMO it’s a different question. SQLite and Postgres are both relational databases, it stands to reason that they’re at least doing things in similar ways. They’re two implementations of the same idea(ish). A graph database is something else altogether. Grafting that capability onto a relational database has the potential to perform horribly. It’s a bad analogy, but SQLite to Postgres is like AMD vs Intel x86 CPUs, whereas a graph database is ARM. Can it be emulated? Yes. Is there a far greater potential for slowdown? Yes. I got a Roku device too, and just didn't connect it to the internet. Works fine for me. I'd still prefer an unconnected option, but this will do. I’ll admit I’m in the same boat as the OP: overwriting accessors in this way sets off alarm bells internally based on my own past experience of writing code that’s too clever for its own good. But to turn this on its head, can you give an example of the kind of divine, really nice solution you’d get from using this? > they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills to manage a Mongo DB According to the post they paid Mongo a lot of money for support and they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills either. It sounds to me like the core problem is their requirement to run Mongo on their own AWS stack rather than Mongo’s, and while Mongo claimed to support it seems like they didn’t really. No doubt this was a huge migration but from my personal perspective going from Mongo to Postgres feels like a move in the right direction in the long term. For one you have a lot more options for support! I see this as something different: the sign of a mature product. What are competitors doing that Google Maps isn’t? Maybe I’m missing something but I see no significant features. (Not to mention, the Maps API != Google Maps the product) > So if people had been allowed to take experimental vaccines, the pandemic would have been a lot better. > In this circumstance as well, taking a chance is worth it. Nope nope nope nope. This is the literal example of survivor bias. You can't look at the results and use them to inform prior behaviour. The vaccine could have had catastrophic side effects. One extra problem with Amazon is that a lot of products are sold by third party merchants and their site UX seems to deliberately obscure the fact. Same goes for Walmart, though I have less experience using them. If I order from Amazon, from Amazon, I tend to have good experiences. If I order third party from Amazon it’s a crap shoot. There’s such a long tail of it, too: I still see ADC connectors in hotel room phone docks, etc. People care about seasons and regularity a great deal. I know that it’s warm in the summer, so I’ll book a beach holiday then. Moving my vacation plans by a few weeks every few years to ensure they’re still in good weather would be a nightmare. Not least because people would probably want school holidays to match that time period. The calendar feels very illogical and made up compared to most measurement systems but there’s a reason why they are what they are! A much more realistic proposal would be to just give people every other Friday off. Or work one Friday a month, something like that. A “body”/a person. I suspect the OP is from the U.K. or Australia or similar, it’s slang there. I suppose it’s kind of a gender neutral version of the U.S. “guy”. I think it’s that the tests aren’t run, and consequently, they don’t guarantee the tests pass, which means it might not behave exactly the same as a tier 1 platform. So the difference is bigger than just tests. I still think that’s an overgeneralisation. I’d say make sure you can be content with your work. But would I trade half the fulfilment for double the salary? You bet I would. My family could have a better life, I could do more exciting things in my spare time, I could even make sure my children have a better education, etc etc. It all goes back to what the OP was saying: it depends what’s most important to you. I agree that it’s not abusive but “blood money” and “drug lord” is pretty absurd language to use. I’m sure it’s the result of passion but it undermines the point rather than aids it. I tried Jellyfin but the front end apps (Apple TV, Roku etc) are either non existent or very inferior compared to Plex. It’s a shame because the server worked great for my purposes (even has the DVR functionality I use in Plex!). I suppose it just highlights how difficult it actually is to do this stuff: sharing a front end across multiple incompatible platforms is something an open source project struggles to do. Plex seems like they’re in a bind. They need to diversify their user base because their current one is very heavily based on people sharing pirated content (every time I point this out someone says they they only use Plex with Blurays they’ve legally purchased and ripped... and good for you! But you’re not close to the normal user) and I figure they’re in constant fear of legal action shutting them down. At least the streaming, DVR etc functionality allows them to make a plausible claim that people use their product for entirely legal means. I’ve gotten enough value out of my lifetime subscription that I won’t feel cheated if Plex disappears, but it’s good to know solutions like Jellyfin are nearly there when/if it does. Unfortunately I make heavy use of the DVR functionality (live TV, TV guide, looking at upcoming recordings etc) that both Jellyfin and Plex provide, but third party clients like Infuse ignore. But thanks for the suggestion! Who knows, maybe I’ll be able to pair Infuse with some kind of third party DVR client in the future. Apple TV only I think. Why can't you take issue with both? No difference for Biden, but a significant difference for the Senate, who staff panels with the power to investigate Facebook. Not totally the same as React as you still need to transpile JSX in most scenarios. I suspect that’s what they’re getting at. That's why I said "in most scenarios". Every React codebase I've ever worked in has used JSX. You just admitted that "it's common". That's another way of saying "in most scenarios". I don't know why you're splitting hairs like this. I reject the idea of an “other side” here. It’s very popular to bucket these things into black and white binaries but I don’t buy it. There are people who are on the fringes, both left and right, and then there are a lot of people who fit somewhere in the middle. Even “left” and “right” is a vast oversimplification at times. When you start to think about it that way the perspective you’ve outlined doesn’t make a lot of sense. Should these people have legally nonsensical court cases heard simply because they’re a minority group and we need to ensure diversity in plaintiffs or something? Overall, the argument only makes sense if there is some innate “right to be heard” that these people are being deprived of. There isn’t. There have been fringe movements that weren’t indulged by society at large for thousands of years, I’m not sure why any obligation would have changed. I actually think that Trump, of all people, is the worst to try to make that case with. At the click of his fingers he’ll have cameras from every major news network and reporters from every newspaper in a room to listen to what he says. Inevitably whatever he does say will be on Twitter instantly. Not that it matters that much because the majority of the country aren’t even on Twitter. They read about his tweets in news reports. I don’t buy that Twitter is a source of power for Trump. It is his communication medium of choice, certainly. But his power has always been in making controversial statements that generate headlines. He doesn’t need Twitter for that. I’d throw a note of caution in the opposite direction though: as a group, HN are very atypical users of social media. Every time there’s a post about Facebook one of the most upvoted comments is someone saying they deleted Facebook. Societally speaking that’s super weird. I still have Facebook but even then, over the holidays I saw the feeds of some older relatives and it was unlike anything I’ve seen before. An absolute mess of corrosive disinformation. Even knowing about it, I still don’t know it well. I don’t live in it. I can’t speak about it authoritatively. And it’s not even like, say, a subreddit. You can’t wander in and take a look, it’s all private to the user. I don’t know whether the current censorship moves are wise or not, but as a group we’re not exposed to the reason the censorship is taking place. The HN crowd tends to lean towards free speech absolutism (as does the internet at large), which feels like a good reflex in general. But there’s mitigating context here and I don’t know that we (as a group) are the best people to talk to it. “typical” in the sense that there are lots of examples of it, yes. But “typical” in the sense that it’s something the majority of people do... absolutely not. My social circle is full of people that deleted FB. But when I step outside that circle not being on FB is very rare. There’s a base assertion in your comment that all Presidents should be treated equally. If one President lies by an order of magnitude more than other Presidents, shouldn’t they be treated differently? Any muted video can already auto play, irrespective of format. Still accessible via the web, of course (and from what I understand Parler is a PWA that can be installed to the homescreen). From my understanding of the reasoning behind deplatforming I think there comes a point where it isn’t worth chasing any more. The aim isn’t to remove the sites entirely, but to make it difficult enough to find that people won’t just stumble across them or seamlessly follow a link to them. Last I heard Stormfront still exists on Tor and presumably still serves a dedicated audience. But I imagine it has a considerably larger problem attracting new readers than it used to. But individual deposits were guaranteed were they not? I bought $100 worth in 2014 when it was $580. Now I wish I'd bought $1000. But of course I never would have, because it was a crazy risk at the time, and still is today. I see the parallel you're trying to draw here but it doesn't make a lot of sense. I'm pretty sure the US was going to war in Iraq no matter what NYT said, but I'm happy to be proven wrong. The faulty NYT reporting gave the government a certain level of cover to allow them to do what they already planned to do. Parler was a forum for participants to discuss and actively plan sedition. And there's already violence threatened in the days around inauguration so it stands to reason it could have served the same role again. This is hyperbolic in the extreme, and to blame "woke employees" with everything going on right now is just plain silly. When deciding whether to choose to host your services with AWS you can answer a simple question: are you planning on violating their terms of service? If the answer is yes, do not use AWS. Depends how much spare money you have. Yes, Hunter Biden is under investigation. But the investigation Glenn wrote about was separate, and a transparent fraud. > Thousands of individuals who by and large wanted to try out a competitor to Facebook That is a very, very generous take. And if that's all users were doing then their data being breached is regrettable but not world ending. > The figures need the media more than the media needs them. That's where generalizing to "the media" causes problems, though. They do need some media to stay relevant, but can absolutely stay with sympathetic media outlets that will never challenge them. Ted Cruz need never give an interview to the likes of Axios for the rest of his career and he'll be absolutely fine with just Fox News. How do you order the column with dry information in it? How do you choose what gets included in that column and what doesn't? Where is the information for that column even coming from, are all sources of info equally trustworthy? It's going to need editing no matter what, and any process of editing introduces bias. I don't understand. These outlets were obliged to publish positive stories about Trump because they interviewed people who liked him? Wouldn't it be important to counterbalance anecdotal interviews with people you met on the street? Thank you for a very clear example of the exact downplaying that's been discussed. > Basically a bunch of beer belly rednecks False. Was a huge mix of people, including very well off folks, off duty police officers and former military. Flying to DC on a week day is not exactly a working class pursuit. > broke into a building after a protest/rally was over, yelled Amongst other things they were yelling that they wanted to kill the Vice President. Five people died. You can claim their shouts to kill the VP were bluster if you'd like, but personally I'm in no doubt that things could have gone south very, very quickly if they'd found Pence, Pelosi or anyone else. Just watching the video footage of the violence is enough of a hint of that. > with no plan whatsoever To an extent I agree with you here. It was a mess of anger and resentment, not a convert military operation. But there were also pipebombs, and the current theory is that they were going to be used to distract Capitol police. People arrived with plastic zip ties to be used as hand cuffs. It doesn't require the whole mob to be organized, it just needs a small group within that mob. Just because the plan was not successful does not mean there was no plan. Incorrect. Take the example of Sherrod Brown, Democratic senator from Ohio. If he leaves office or dies the Republican governor, Mike DeWine, picks his replacement. He is in no way obliged to pick a Democrat. Edit now that you’ve changed the structure of your commend entirely: you’re just engaging in whataboutism now. You said that killing a senator could not change the balance of power. I explained that it was in fact quite possible, then you started discussing the protests that occurred over the summer (and the White House absolutely was not “stormed”, for what it’s worth!) > My coworkers would talk about tax payers in a demeaning tone - as if they rightfully owed us something. But... they do? Tax payers use public services every day. I get what you’re saying but if someone opted to not pay taxes surely it wouldn’t be fair for them to drive on public roads, or use public transit? Or drink water provided by city-maintained pipes? How on earth would you enforce that? If someone wished to live a life where they used absolutely zero tax payer funded things how would they even start? > I encourage anyone working for their “public sector” and especially tax departments to think about the morality of your work Many years ago I worked for a local government authority. It’s honestly some of the most rewarding work I’ve done before or since. I created pages and backend tools for people to look up trash collection, how to vote, what’s going on at their local recreation centres, so on. All of those things played a part in creating community. And yes, they were paid for by taxes. Which meant no ads, no up sell, no invasive tracking, no monetisation to worry about. I could just make a tool that served people. The tools I created are probably already long gone, but the community still exists. When I’m old I don’t think I’ll have the slightest regret about the work I did. The two years I spent at a startup, burning myself out to create a product that failed and has since vanished from the earth? I’ll regret that more. > That's not really the point. It's a question of whether the expectation is reasonable That’s a made up point, though. The AWS contract makes no mention of “reasonable effort” or anything like that. Yes, it is worthwhile to compare moderation on Parler to that of FB etc, but it has no bearing on whether Amazon had the right to terminate Parler’s contract, which they absolutely did. Within the context of that discussion the comparison to FB and Twitter is just whataboutism. They aren’t Parler and they aren’t hosted by AWS. And yet, the top 10 posts on Facebook yesterday: 1. Franklin Graham 2. Dan Bongino 3. Fox News 4. Ben Shapiro 5. Dan Bongino 6. Ben Shapiro 7. Dan Bongino 8. TWICE 9. The New York Times 10. Ben Shapiro Source: https://twitter.com/facebookstop10/status/134939331795225395... If FB was overwhelmingly left leaning, why are almost all of its most popular posts from right wing outlets? You’re extrapolating a lot here. Silicon Valley employees support Democrats, therefore any censorship Silicon Valley firms do is at the orders of the Democratic Party? Show the evidence of that. Ignoring what the (largely powerless) ground level employees of the tech giants do, the chief execs of these companies lobby both Democrats and Republicans. No matter who is in power, money talks. I suspect that’s why even though there’s a huge amount of evidence that folks like Ben Shapiro have violated FB rules for gaming the feed there has been no action taken. FB has spent the last four years courting Republicans, now they’ll court Democrats. That’s the real problem but it’s certainly easier to pretend it’s a party-specific problem that would solved if only the other people were in charge. [deleted] [deleted] Funny, De Blasio was sold as a good idealist when he first ran. And he was. Unfortunately. we discovered that the idealism did not translate to everyday competence. I see some dangers of that in Yang's proposals, too. He wants the city to take ownership of the subway. Great. I'd like that too. But Cuomo has absolutely no intention of letting that happen. Absent any detail of how he'll change that, what am I even voting for? I think that would be good for tech-specific things. But improving schools or public housing isn't much of a tech problem. I don’t think the OP is suggesting Apple have dominion over the word. But the word in combination with this UI would be difficult to defend in court. To me the fact that Ngram shows the word “patriotism” on the decline throws doubt on using it for any measure like this. Within the US “patriotism” is used very commonly. It leads me to wonder whether Ngram leans too heavily on scientific or academic literature and not on the words that people actually use in everyday conversation. Does Ngram scan social media, TV or (to a lesser extent) newspapers? If not I’m dubious about the utility here. I’d be interested to see a citation on that. But even still, couldn’t those renewables be used for other applications if Bitcoin isn’t using them? > will turn off when rates are high But doesn’t Bitcoin directly contribute to rates rising? Supply and demand, and all that. I don’t really think those are fair comparisons. For one, the PlayStation network provides entertainment. I know from a hard economic perspective that might not be “valuable”, but it is. People need entertainment. And I’m sure the PS network is more energy efficient than everyone driving half an hour to a movie theatre, or something. By comparison Bitcoin provides nothing other than itself. It’s price is almost entirely powered by speculation at this point. To put it another way: if the PS network disappears tomorrow it will have still entertained millions. If Bitcoin crashes tomorrow, it leaves nothing. I’d argue that “valuable for humans” is brushing over something: is Bitcoin valuable for humans as a collective or is it valuable for a small minority who stand to gain from it? From my view, and despite the initial promises of Bitcoin, it’s being used by people of means to get even more money than they already have. ... but doesn’t consume anywhere near the levels of power that Bitcoin does. Strongly agreed. Having lived in the US for a good number of years now I can see how the idea of vans roaming looking for TV viewers is baffling, but the public TV offering by the BBC, while definitely not perfect, is miles ahead of both the public and network offerings on US TV (though credit to the likes of PBS and NPR for doing miraculous work with a fraction of the budget!). I even got my start in computing from the BBC Micro machines at school. “reign in authoritarianism”?!? It’s not dissimilar to a tax audit. Heaven forbid we could all be a little less hysterical. I regularly see the BBC criticised by both sides for being one sided. I’m not saying that’s a get out of jail free card but from your comment I genuinely don’t know which side you come down on, which surely says something. I don't mean to dismiss the complaint. Public media news is weird: it's funded by the government, but it should criticise the government. There's a tension there. But looking at the US news landscape I see that for-profit news is just as if not more compromised. On the flip side that post illustrates just how things can go wrong, too: Windows RT was a flop. I feel this very acutely, though as a parent of a small child the reasons for my particular inefficiency might be different than others. But there is something about the mental exhaustion all this causes. I do still have some free time here and there. In the "normal times" I'd be twiddling around with a side project, but all I do now is watch TV or play video games. I dislike it: I feel like I'm wasting time. But my brain is also utterly fried and the idea of engaging too deeply just feels impossible. It's weird that we expect Github to do that, in a way. The repo might well be hosted on there for free, but we all want Github to spend a ton in legal fees to defend something they make zero cash from. I'm not sure what my point is here other than finding it sad that code hosting is so centralised. Pay for a recurring service via a one-off payment? What could go wrong?! Aside from that, a TV license is £157 a year. Let's say a TV lasts three years (which feels conservative, pretty sure I had my last TV for eight), you'd need to get the buyer to pay an extra £471 when they purchase their TV. How is front-loading such a payment in the interests of the viewer? Not to mention you don't have to pay the fee if you're only watching streaming services like Netflix. > The mods really have no reason removing posts, outside of clear violating posts that may break laws, since the users can choose what they want to see with the upvote and downvote button. I have to disagree. My counterpoint would be the AskHistorians subreddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/ Admittedly, I'm a history nerd, but it's probably the most interesting subreddit I've found yet. And it's full of deleted comments, because they have a very strict criteria about what can and cannot be posted. The system absolutely works for them. I'm not saying every subreddit should be organised the way theirs is, but I'm glad they are able to do what they do. IMO, transparency is good. By all means make a public log showing what admins have done. But don't limit what they can do. You don’t need the guns if you have people on the inside. And a good number of the rioters seemed really quite surprised when law enforcement fought back against them. After all, they were carrying Blue Lives Matter flags, surely the cops are on their side! (and besides, there were a good number of people with guns at the protest. And some others brought pipe bombs. Thankfully neither ended up being a factor but no one would have known that at the time) As I said, they did have weapons. Not an overwhelming amount of them certainly, but more than enough to pose a threat if they managed to capture Nancy Pelosi. And again: if you have the support of the police (and potentially also the armed forces) it’s all pretty moot anyway. "Thousands of data points" sounds awfully scientific. Can you show me the dataset? Or are you using the word "data" in a more abstract sense here? I'm not well versed enough to know if what you say about /r/uk or /r/europe is true, but I'm quite sure /r/askhistorians is not the only well run subreddit on the site. You're just picking examples of subreddits you say are badly run and using them as evidence that all other subs should suffer because of them. Doesn't sound scientific at all. > They should not even get filters imo. If it makes their job harder, then so be it. > That being said, one sub that I've found really nicely monitored is the r/casualuk sub. Politics is a strict no no, and they have some sort of bot to filter out such content based on keywords. You don't see the incoherence in these two statements? It sounds a lot like your actual complaint here is that you don't like perceived persecution of your personal politics, and if moderation doesn't touch that then you have no problem with it at all. > Google shows links or a small snippet of news articles, a user may decide hey I want to read that and clicks the link and goes to the media outlets website to read more. This is driving traffic to media websites? That is how it would work if Google presented simple search results, like they always have. But their snippets are different: they try to extract an answer to the users actual query. So if they’re doing their job correctly the user actually won’t visit the site, because they will have been given all they need by Google. I’m undecided about whether this law is actually a good idea, but I can see the point. A contrived example: I want wonder “how much damage was caused by last week’s hurricane?”. A newspaper might have assigned a reporter to covering the hurricane, and they’d call up various local authorities that can estimate this kind of thing, then write an article containing that info. All salaried work that cost money. Along comes Google, grabs the relevant paragraph, and shows it on my search results page. No need for me to click, no money goes to the newspaper. Where I am (NYC) you absolutely can get a haircut. Both you and the barber wear masks. But I know other places are locked down tighter. > Why can't barbershops switch to an appointment based system where they only have one person in the shop at the time? There can’t be only one person in the shop at a time, there must be at least one customer and one barber. And even if the barber only has one customer at a time they still represent a notable infection risk, if they are contagious they could infect a dozen people a day. > The risk of infection can't be more than that of medical personnel who have to treat Covid patients if proper standards are applied. Of course. But the two aren’t anywhere close in terms of their necessity. Can the footage be trusted? From my understanding Tesla has only rolled this out to a small number of users, browsing the YT search results you’ve provided I see that almost all the results are Tesla super fan accounts. I don’t think it’s unreasonable to disregard this until you see an objective assessment in the field. Oh, Plex. Bless you for trying to move beyond your customer base that serves huge amounts of pirated video, I do hope you succeed (I say this sincerely as a lifetime pass holder). An aside but I do find it darkly comic that we're now streaming retro games. The ROMs are at most a few MB big but this service will burn through that in seconds. Jellyfin is an open source fork of Emby, they went closed source a while ago. When I tested it the Jellyfin server worked great. But the client apps were terrible in comparison to Plex. It's like magic when it works. But in my experience a bunch of times it doesn't work and it's really not clear why. A shame because as you say, when it works, it works great. I think that what it's doing is sufficiently complex that the API is always going to be difficult. As long as abstractions like PeerJS exist I'm OK with that. That story in particular jumps out at me. This is being described as a rebellion against rich Wall Street bankers by the everyday people... but who has $50K sitting around for investments like this? Don't get me wrong, I think a lot of people buying are full of rage at Wall Street. But I think they might get even angrier when they realize who made off with most of the money in the end. That maybe be what he says. I’m dubious. Not sure if I missed something but did the government intervene here? I thought it was all private entities that stopped the trading? But it kind of goes against the story that this is “the people” against Wall Street. “The people”, by and large, do not have a ton of spare gambling money sitting around. “Upper middle class folks with spare disposable income vs Wall Street” isn’t quite as persuasive a hook, though. So, the SEC is hands off and encourages self regulation, so any instance of self regulation is considered government intervention? CNBC is like that, sure. But I’ve found articles in places like Bloomberg and NYT to be quite even handed about it all. If I recall the NYT article even ends with a quote from a pastor’s wife(!): “eat the rich”. Robinhood was always owned by the same Wall Street fat cats its users hate. They even sell the data on what retail investors are buying in real time to allow industry investors to take advantage of it. If anything it’s amazing that it took this long for anyone to notice. > Now the 'Dumb Money' has figured out the the hedge funds'rigged game. After everyone threw a ton of money into the market the hedge funds control. “Dumb money” doesn’t feel like an inappropriate nickname. I’m honestly very confused why people keep trying to draw a parallel between Parler and Robinhood. Beyond “big companies can do whatever they want” there really isn’t much in the way of comparison. And big companies doing what they want is something we’ve known about since around the time big companies first started to exist. I’ll agree that there are similarities between Parler and WSB Discord issue (how much hate speech is tolerated on your platform is a decision made by your service provider, not you) but the WSB Robinhood issue is something else altogether. > Also, where are the people who laughed about Brexit now? The idea that this one event makes up for the colossal mess of Brexit is... interesting. > You can't change how they operate. You can, by pressuring politicians to create laws and regulations. It’s just something the US hasn’t tried all that much lately. We live in an era of unprecedented communication. You can instant spread a message to millions of people at little or no cost. Compared to history (even relatively recent history) we are in no way in a “Censorship Era”, that’s utter hyperbole. It doesn’t sound like that at all. “channel their inner Steve Jobs” sounds like everyone is staring at the clouds and practising some blue sky thinking, while the OP you replied to is talking about managing legacy systems, old data and bringing along an existing work force into using a new system. These are all the diametric opposite of “Steve Jobs architecting”. Huh? States have lists of eligible vaccination recipients that they reach out to. It’s very much not just keeping track of a line of cars. One reason that comes to mind is that a lot of people browse on mobile devices. These days a site really ought to be responsive to mobile viewports and a lot of “basic bitch” government sites are not. As someone that’s been using Apple products for a few decades I don’t think I can agree that they make “for the masses, not the few”. Their market share figures would show that if that’s their aim then they are failing. IMO Apple makes premium products for a specific kind of customer and have little regard for issues like backwards compatibility. Which is absolutely fine. But probably not a model you’d want the government to follow. I’m not convinced that’s true. Case in point: tabular data. I don’t think presenting something in a table is an attempt to make it look good, I think it’s the most logical and recognisable way of presenting certain kinds of information. But tables don’t scale well on a mobile viewport without extra work. And then the hedge funds said they did indeed sell their short positions, but no-one believed them and the rise continues. There is no way the only losers will be hedge funds at this point, lots of retail investors will lose money. Feel free to invest based on that evidence, but I won't be joining you. How often are news stories promoted in paid-for ads on social media? Do you know? If you don't then you're basing a decision on one piece of data with no context. I hope philanthropy, I expect space travel. I'd argue that the customer experience of Amazon has declined dramatically in the last few years. Maybe there should be more internal viewings of that video. I don't deny that Amazon are capable of good customer service. But the site is full of fake products and fake reviews. Returning a product is a breeze but I'd really rather not have to be returning them in the first place. And Amazon knows about the problems. A few times I've reported receiving an offer for a gift voucher in return for a positive review of an item I bought and they've taken zero action on it. I suspect the stories will emerge once the GME price truly tanks. No, I don't think it'll be millions of people, but reading the level of delusion in that sub I don't think it's going to be tens of people either. I have to disagree. When I’m reading API documentation (or a particular bugbear, a recipe) then yes, cut the crap and get to the point. But when it’s an article like this telling the story of the rise and fall of a business? I want to be taken on a journey, not receive a bullet point list of things they did wrong. There’s no reason why this topic should not be covered long form style. Then it sounds like you’re not interested in the story! You’re interested in the conclusions. Which is fine, but telling a story takes time. Unfortunately HN just shows them both as being “1 day ago” with no more detailed timestamp that I can see. I’m curious if one was posted during the time that Europe (and east coast North America, perhaps) were active, while the other was posted while the west coast (and so, Silicon Valley) was. Particularly when it comes to attitudes towards government there are notable differences. I don’t think it’s the only reason but the Watch doesn’t have a SIM slot. It requires you use Apple’s “eSIM” standard and a lot of networks haven’t adopted it. > I was forced to watch my government bungle a pandemic in the worst possible way and then asked to pay for it for decades. No I don’t think I will. That has very little to do with currency and everything to do with you not wanting to pay taxes. You may think that COVID response has been a catastrophic waste of money but if you'd lost your job would you have claimed the increased unemployment benefits? I suspect the vast majority of people would have. There's a lot to criticise in terms of government COVID response (and from your post you could be talking about any one of a number of governments!) but big government spending right now to stop even greater economic depression in the future is not some kind of wasteful accident, it's deliberate action to improve everyone's situation in the long term. I didn't ask if you'd be grateful, I asked if you'd take the expanded unemployment insurance. I suspect a lot of people were grumbling all the way to the direct deposit form but filled it out anyway. And it's not as if governments forced these shutdowns on a whim or because they felt like it. They were the result of scientific examination, and more importantly, the majority of voters were in favour of them (I think 8 out of 10 in the US in April?). In this case the government was just expressing the will of the people, whether it was your personal will or not. > Never confuse social media for real life. Maybe that was true years ago but I really don't know that it is today. Social media is the primary means of communication for a lot of people and in a very real sense it is real life. I'd argue the Capitol riot in January is an example of social media becoming very real. Even the topic at hand - /r/wallstreetbets and $GME - shows the same. Kind of funny to read this on the same day Tesla has invested in Bitcoin, which wastes an enormous amount of energy. Just looking at it I'm struck by how difficult it is to get the small details right. I don't even know exactly what's wrong but the spacing at the top and bottom of the title bar text is visibly wrong, and the menu bar is too high? I don't say it to be needlessly negative, it just amazes me how difficult this stuff can be. And I don't think I could actually use this, it would drive me insane for reasons I can't really justify. Then yeah, you’re out of luck. But the vast majority of Node modules use a package.json so I wouldn’t say Node is “really botching it”, they’re just doing what works for the vast majority of users. I use TransferWise in those situations. It works great. > No, the comment that I reference on HN is not mine, it's by someone else. BTW, I quite agree with it. I've seen this claim made a few times now: that most Bitcoin is mined using renewables, at source. Where's the actual evidence for it? That is a) not the same as the original claim b) not evidence Having done some Rust development myself... I love the language, but if I was tackling a problem that could be solved with something like Rails, I'd use Rails. Rust is awesome for performance critical stuff but there's a lot of memory management overhead for a CRUD app. I just don’t see how Clubhouse scales. I can see how compelling it is to actively participate in a small-scale chat with interesting people. But once a room reaches the level where only a few people can talk I’m basically listening to a poorly produced podcast that must be listened to live rather than at my convenience. …I don’t get the appeal. I think it would be very difficult to detect these: a) with 100% accuracy, and b) without involving humans at all but I noticed the trend of fake Amazon reviews some time ago, and some patterns were very evident. I'd click on the profile of a five-star reviewer, more often than not every review they left was five stars. And every product I'd click through on also had a deluge of suspicious five star reviews. I even started scraping data into a graph database but then discovered that Amazon tries very hard to resist scraping attempts and gave up. I think it would be very possible to set up some kind of basic pattern analysis along these lines. Clearly, merchants are buying positive reviews in bulk, so detecting sudden spikes in positive reviews and working out correlations with other product review dumps wouldn't be difficult. Once you've got a sense of it, you hand the data over to human investigators who take it the rest of the way. But despite its insane wealth, Amazon is clearly not interested in spending the money required to do that. > BTC is helping a ton of people right now, as evidenced by the rapidly increasing demand and money flowing into Bitcoin investment. Not making a judgement either way on BTC's success but what you've highlighted there isn't evidence. An artificially inflated market based on speculation would show the exact same signs. It would be independent from a practical point of view but from a regulatory one it would become subject to federal regulations, which is the real reason Texas keeps theirs separate. …but the primary reason for the current outages is that fossil fuel plants failed. Wind power etc has also failed but is a rounding error in terms of lost production. > if Texas invested in coal instead of making the large investments they made in solar and wind, this never would have happened. If they invested that money in coal and failed to winterise it in the same way they failed to winterise the other plants then there would be absolutely zero difference. This is kind of a meta point and probably sounds patronising, but you’ve just said a bunch of stuff that’s flat out wrong. It’s time to start questioning your information diet. Where are you being fed disinformation from? What can you do to diversify your sources of news? Maybe this will come off as uncharitable but Clubhouse feels like a weird VC version of a pump and dump scheme to me. Clubhouse doesn’t do anything all that innovative (what can it do that Discord can’t?) and the pitch isn’t even that unique. The key to success was that they got the right VCs. Those VCs use it, get their friends to use it, pull some strings to get celebrities to pop in. It becomes successful but in this really weird way where once you scratch beneath the surface there’s not actually anything there. I think that’s why there’s so much weird grifty content on there. But hey, it’ll do more than well enough I’m sure. Probably not well enough to go public but it’ll get bought out by [insert name of FAANG here] and everyone will walk away with a tidy profit. (Purely anecodotal of course, but none of my "normie" friends have mentioned Clubhouse to me once. During the pandemic a lot of the having been using Houseparty. It's a lot of fun. But I rarely see it mentioned on HN. I suspect part of the reason is that it was already sold in 2019 to Epic Games, so no-one is trying to aggressively hype it up any more) > When some games are "exclusives" to a certain store, if you want to play such games you end up having to install every store in existence Then don't! You don't need that game. If you and other gamers want to make a stand against the crazy number of stores just refuse to install them. Unless you do that the store owners know your complaints aren't going to amount to a thing. I’d take issue with Boris Johnson there. If the issue is Brexit I honestly think Nigel Farage would have better claim to the crown. Boris is a largely ineffectual leader that goes wherever the wind is blowing. Farage, for his many sins, was pushing Brexit on day one. I think you’re attributing a lot to a few there. Absolutely Joe Rogan helped make podcasts the phenomenon they are today, but so did a whole lot of other people. Same with PG and Altman: “startup culture” exists outside of their influence. I guess my metric is “if they didn’t exist, would their achievements have still happened?”. I’d argue with PG and Rogan they would have, but that Trump would not. Another I’d include on that list is Steve Jobs. AFAIK there are no V8 Servo bindings. So in theory (I don’t know Servo well at all) you could render a static HTML document but you’d have no DOM JS APIs to work with. > China gains no benefit from destroying Bitcoin Right now they don't, no. But to my mind Bitcoin being subject to the whims of a major world power is a big knock against it, given that it aims to be a currency alternative. I don't want such an alternative to subject to any kind of geopolitical mood. I know an Alexa and she says the same. I'll admit I hadn't thought about it before but it does sound like an incredibly annoying thing to have dropped on you from on high: constant jokes, if anyone addresses you in an Amazon-enabled home all kind of crap gets triggered... I can see why people are infuriated by it. Getting API access to stuff like that costs a surprising amount of money for what it is. I guess they’ve worked out that the cost isn’t worth it. Without the sarcasm it would just be restating exactly what the parent comment said. I agree with the OP: if we disapprove of posts that only say “same” or “me too” we should probably also discourage posts that dress exactly that in sarcasm. Not sure what a thinly resourced piece like this is doing so high up on HN. There’s really very little evidence that this has anything to do with racial slurs. From a quick read: last June, the channel was banned for “harmful and dangerous” content. The ban was removed in under 24 hours. YouTube has not confirmed the reason. And yet: > Experts suspect that it was the usage of words like "black" and "white" that confused the Yutube's AI filters. Well, if experts said it, it just be true! The experiment they ran is speculative as best and the article just ran with it as absolute fact. If the filter was caused by use of “black” and “white” wouldn’t every chess channel fall victim to it? The filter isn’t new, why was it triggered once last June? A lot of questions raised and an article that has no interest in answering them. It’s credited to “Buzz Staff”… I think it’s always suspect when no one wants to attach their name to something they wrote. A smell of clickbait running all the way through this one. The block was for “harmful and dangerous” content. That’s incredibly vague. Even describing a game using aggressive language could fall foul of such a broad filter. How many times do non-chess channels get caught in this filter? That’s the first question I’d be asking. I have to assume more than zero times. How many chess channels have not been banned by this filter? Again, presumably more than zero. And yet the article makes conclusions with a dataset of 1. It was just an example. Another example: “bishop attacks king” could be interpreted as dangerous or harmful content. It’s so vague we have no idea. Ah, thank you! Some interesting info in that piece: the channel owner didn’t think it had anything to do with race and instead because he mentioned COVID. > this is not the first time This article is actually about that time seven months ago. Quite why it’s been written today is unclear. I wouldn't discount the possibility of one-off reunion shows in the future, provided they parted on good terms (and that's usually the case when a band has been together 20+ years) (FWIW, I was very smug that I got a ticket to one of LCD Soundsystem's goodbye shows. It was awesome. They reunited a few years later, released albums and resumed touring ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ) Eh? By your own reckoning the existing defense of freedom of speech doesn't extend to general purpose computing, so why would you focus on increasing that which already exists and has proven to not have a connection? IMO one of the greatest enemies to success is broadening scope. General purpose computing: it's a good, specific focus. "Freedom in all areas of human activity" means endless conversations about what that means, what to focus on, what to prioritise, blah blah blah. > Nowadays young people, even university graduates, struggle to use a mouse I'm sorry, I laughed out loud at this. What are you talking about?! In my 30s here but I think I more or less remember. For a year or so I worked as a temporary admin assistant in a few locations, the details on some of those are getting a little fuzzy these days. But if anything I remember the feeling of working there a lot better than what the workplace looked like. I was also pleasantly surprised by MicroCenter recently. There's one in Brooklyn I had no idea about until I was searching online for places to buy a Raspberry Pi and accessories. Walked in there and it was like a (pleasant!) throwback to the computer store of the 90s. > Rust code isn't much harder to write than JavaScript As someone that's coded in both... eeeehhhhhhh Memory management in Rust can be a real bear. Just, for example, creating a closure that references a variable outside of its scope is not simple. You can make your life a lot easier by wrapping everything you reuse in Rc<> to make it reference counted, but then you're eating into the performance gains that are the initial selling point, and after a certain point you're just manually implementing the things that JavaScript does for you. Don't get me wrong, I love Rust. But I wouldn't want to use it everywhere I use JS/TS today. rust-analyzer with VSCode works fantastically well for me. Ironic… or inevitable? In many ways Coinbase is that Bitcoin wasn’t supposed to be: a centralised authority that is responsible for a ton of activity on the platform. Not that it matters that much but I’d argue Coinbase wasn’t in the “spirit” of crypto currencies from the start. (but hey, I still used it! Couldn’t be bothered to work out how to buy Bitcoin a few years ago and they made it easy) Scaling is almost always the answer. So you're angry at the Mozilla CEO for posting about political topics rather than the browser and product vision? And yet here you are, in a thread about the Mozilla browser, posting about political topics. Maybe take your own advice? I have zero doubt there any plenty of people that use Reddit primarily for porn. Consider that perhaps not everyone you know talks openly about their porn habits. Eh, to me Reddit is just another example of Eternal September syndrome. Reddit took a nosedive in quality shortly after the Digg implosion. > Is it because they fundamentally misunderstand what they have? Because they don't care? Because they're greedy, or just plain incompetent? Another possibility: because it doesn't make (enough) money. I say (enough) because simply turning a profit isn't good enough when you have investors expecting large returns. Is anyone actually calling for that, though? Because if not we're just conjuring up things to worry about. It really isn't. No-one was calling for Amazon to be banned, no-one was even outraged about it. A couple of people made some jokes on Twitter. That's all. We _are_ in a time of poorly motivated clickbait content, however. That's what this is. There's a certain irony here somewhere in people being outraged about the outrage they perceive others to have... the original outrage doesn't even exist and yet another outrage cycle begins. What you’ve described is actually pretty simple to do with CSS Animations. Just not with CSS Transitions, which is what people usually use. Why not make an external module for that? I don't see why it would need to be integrated into the runtime. > if Apple doesn't find any quick workaround for what seem to be various legal problems Articles like this are exasperating. What legal problems! (this is also a sub-par rewrite of a MacRumors article: https://www.macrumors.com/2021/03/02/rosetta-macos-11-3-stri... ) I don't know that isolating the cost of raising kids is necessary when you can see the drop in overall wealth by generation. Millenials (who are the prime "kid having" generation right now) own far less wealth than any generation that came before them. Is it really in any way surprising that fewer are having kids? Since the music comes from Spotify I suspect the cost of running this is dramatically lower than the old Turntable was. Seconding this. I think the game that most set my world alight as a kid was Star Control II. It was a wonderfully realised world of spaceships, alien races, battles and a sprawling story line. It blew my mind. But if I was presented with a game of similar magnitude today I'd have a pretty muted reaction. (I also probably wouldn't have time to play it!). I feel the same way about many things, like (to keep on the space theme) all the recent iterations of Star Wars and Star Trek. People love to complain that the new SW trilogy (or the prequel trilogy) or Star Trek Discovery is a load of rubbish but the reality is that we're just older. Things aren't going to spark in the way they did when we first watched. And that's fine. That blog post does speak to me, but 20MB for a program with a truly functional, modern UI doesn't outrage me that much. IMO there's a tradeoff: we could be writing all our programs in C, still. But it would be enormously difficult and there'd be way more bugs. On the other end of the spectrum we can be lazy, use web tech everywhere and never optimise our ballooning JS codebases. This feels like it's at least somewhere in the middle. OT but a bone to pick with that article: > Modern text editors have higher latency than 42-year-old Emacs. Text editors! What can be simpler? On each keystroke, all you have to do is update a tiny rectangular region and modern text editors can’t do that in 16ms. It’s a lot of time. A LOT. That isn't what my text editor is doing, though. It's doing autocomplete suggestions, linting code as I type... all sorts of things we never had a couple of decades ago and are huge productivity boosters. Sometimes I feel like people forget that. > I wish there was a SC3! :) > Switching to a simpler language like C lets you focus on the problem solving again, not solving language puzzles. But you’re solving a puzzle in either case. Either with a solution you created yourself (much more rewarding!) or a premade one you pick off the shelf (higher chance of first time success, often less time involved) Everything is a trade off. I believe the desire is for people to use the Sensor API instead now: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Sensor_APIs That's essentially what a Progressive Web App is. I don’t know about that. Just look at the performance difference between NPM and Yarn: both built with JS, but for me at least Yarn is way, way faster. I’m sure it would make sense to rewrite certain things in Rust or Go (then possibly pull them into Node as native modules) but they’re not magic. Good engineering will win out no matter what. To be pedantic: strict TypeScript cannot fully capture what JS is capable of. And, I'd argue, non-strict TypeScript kind of ruins the reason to use TS in the first place. > it's also scary to see how strongly people can feel about tech they clearly don't understand I don't think it's actually that unreasonable to have a gut reaction to yet another language, yet another toolchain, yet more processes to run on your code before it's actually usable. The language has to make its case. And yes, if you don't listen to the case then that's on you. The broad argument still holds, for me: trying to beat Wall Street at their own game, on their own turf, is doomed to failure in the long term. That's not to say there isn't money to be made here, clearly there is. But it's not a level playing field: funds can get bailed out to the tune of billions, they can freeze the sale of stocks, so on and so forth. The app everyone is using to buy these stocks is owned by Wall Street, too. If this ever came to the point that WSB wants (or wanted? the anti-Wall Street rhetoric ebbs and flows) my gut instinct is that Wall Street will just pull some trick people haven't thought of yet that wipes out the retail investor threat and tell everyone to get out of their sandbox. Is there actually an either/or here? Surely it’s possible to write two (or more) headlines for a story that are all equally accurate? I did, but honestly most of the examples confused me. Both the Tesla rocket example and Cuomo story are surely headline changes relating to the story changing? They didn’t add “Cuomo apologizes” to titillate, it’s because… he apologized, and he hadn’t when the story was first published. Which isn’t even A/B testing! The article also more or less states this, hence my confusion. I tried out Nim. My first reaction was that I absolutely loved it. Second reaction was when I needed to look up how to do something and I realised that the docs aren't amazing. Third reaction was when I first ran into a problem I couldn't find anything on Google, and had to post on the Nim forums. The forums were great but there's an inevitable time lag between posting and getting a response. Then I started looking at Rust. For my purposes , first reaction to Rust was that I hated it. Borrow checker, lifetimes, all the stuff everyone complains about. But once I got over the initial bump it ticked all of the above boxes that Nim didn't, and I ended up appreciating the guardrails it provides around safety that Nim doesn't (or didn't, a lot has happened with garbage collection etc. since I last looked). If I had more free time in life I'd absolutely be making side projects in Nim. "People were too cynical about one YC startup, therefore any future cynicism is invalid" doesn't really make a lot of sense. Good luck to them with that. Maybe I’m too cynical but I remember back in the days of multiple IM services, MSN Messenger, Yahoo, AIM, etc. One company would try to implement interop with another, only to be shut out a few days later. I’d posit that if they are even remotely successful at building a unified notification inbox they’ll get their access shut off very quickly. These companies don't want to share. I don’t know about that. Google Maps (or any “slippy” map) couldn’t work. Instant messaging couldn’t work. Video chat wouldn’t work. Rich document editing wouldn’t work. I get that some people would like that because they think all those things belong in native apps, but that’s not where the “modern web” is today. I guess professional photos have always been touched up and this is just an automation of this process. But I've long felt a little odd about the use of machine learning in photography this way. How long before Google Photos recreates dark photos by just reassembling all of the items it believes are there from machine learning? > and applying careful sharpening That alone makes it worthwhile, surely? No careful application required. Agreed. I was interested to read in the article that the master name does indeed originate from master/slave, because that doesn’t map to my mental model of git branching at all. If “main” is a better description and offends fewer people, why not switch? Just seems like opposing a very minor change for the sake of it. “I am personally not offended by this, therefore anyone that is offended is a problem to be removed” People have different life experiences and backgrounds. The cost to you of renaming is near zero, if you’re the one loudly opposing something that makes your coworkers more comfortable then you’re the one causing problems in the organisation. If there are any tools hardcoded to use master then there’s nothing stopping anyone continuing to call their reference branch “master”. These changes don’t even apply to existing repos, just as a default for new ones. Sounds like a flaw in your git client. It was always possible to change the default branch name, so hardcoding master was never right. You’re far from alone in making that assumption though! The good news is this makes everyone’s git tools more resilient. > It’s not a huge pain, sure, but it isn’t nothing and I don’t get any benefit from it either The entire notion here is accommodating people. It doesn’t benefit you personally but it does benefit others. And it’s not a huge pain. At a certain point we’re expending more energy debating doing this than if everyone just did it and moved on with their lives. If you strip away all the political outrage what’s actually happening on a technical level is that git is adding a new feature: customisable default branches. I imagine they will provide an option to use it (“git checkout —-default” or whatever) and yes, you’ll have to update your tests to accommodate it. I’ve lost count of the number of times I’ve had to tweak code because of an external API change that doesn’t benefit me personally. Often it involves using an entire new API because the old one is being retired! Compared to that this is a walk in the park. A couple of hours at most. And yet everyone is expending hours upon hours arguing about it. OK so we’re finally at the actual core of the matter: the technical arguments aren’t actually valid, it’s that you don’t think it’s worth the minimal effort because you don’t personally know of anyone that is offended by the master/slave connotation of “master” branches. That’s always the actual core of the complaint yet everyone dances around it. > Let's put it this way: would you get any VC fund if your sales pitch was "I can improve compression in a 1400MB package by 13MB and shorten file write times by 5 seconds"? Odds are, you'd be asked why not just gzip it and get it over with. I agree but have a different takeaway: it’s why VCs aren’t the be all and end all. Such an improvement is worth the time invested to create it. It won’t change the world but spanned across the entire globe it’s a very notable step forward. That a VC can’t get hockey stick growth and a lucrative return out of it doesn’t invalidate the idea. > But as more blood-clot deaths emerge... you gotta think caution is wise. Last I saw it's 30 blood-clot deaths. Given the number of people that have received the vaccine that's a tiny, tiny amount. Even if those 30 were directly linkable to the vaccine (and so far no such link has been proven) you could still make the argument that the benefits of mass vaccinations outweigh the concern. I don't envy anyone in charge of making those choices, though. > They sign shitty contracts that leave them with "virtually nothing" and then complain to someone who is not responsible for them having "virtually nothing". I guess that's what you have to do when you're powerless. Record labels force you into shitty contracts. They have the power. Who has power over the record labels? Spotify. > Supervisors can't talk directly with union workers, they have to go through unions first. I've never heard of this before. The idea that a supervisor cannot talk to a unionized employee at all is extreme, to say the least. Having the union there during disciplinary hearings? Sure. All meetings? Do you have any examples? I don't disagree with what you're saying here but I don't think it contradicts the OP. Wipro etc. occupy a different corner of the tech jobs market than VC-funded startups do. I really enjoy working with Swift but after looking at this Actor proposal I think I agree with you. It seems like you'd always want to use actors? Unless you specifically don't want things to be concurrency safe. It feels like something the language should have had from the start or should have as an external library. Didn't feel like reading the article then, I take it? Just the text extract in the link provided would be a start. That hardly makes it an accurate summation of the article, though! If the reading process is "open report, Ctrl-F, union", then I'd say the result has already been decided. > Transparent PNGs of course wouldn't work (well there was a way but it was an arcane trick and I can't remember it for the life of me now). In the recesses of my brain somewhere is a memory that it was related to ActiveX, and/or the CSS filter property. You set some special filter value that invoked ActiveX? Maybe I'm remembering incorrectly but if I think about it too deeply I might start screaming and never stop. Thank you. What wildly irresponsible journalism. Familiarity? I've never used GitHub discussions, I use SO all the time. I'm going to need to see an in depth analysis of the privacy policy before I touch this one. > This is a real-life example of the runaway railcar switch dilemma. The train car is heading towards a crowd of millions of people and will plough through the middle of them killing many hundreds, or you can throw the switch and divert the railcar so it hits a handful of people prone to the blood clot reaction. In this situation it's not that much of a dilemma, though. It's not as if those prone to blood clots are not at risk until they're given the vaccine, everyone is at risk from COVID and the blood clot prone maybe even more so. And the sheer number of people it will benefit means the choice is simple. > very concerning if it's true Little known fact: women's birth control pills also have a higher risk of blood clot. Always have. If that risk is considered to be acceptable then I don't see any reason why this isn't either. I don't think anyone is shutting their eyes to the risk. COVID is worse and a lot more people out there have risk factors associated with COVID than have risk factors associated with the AZ vaccine. We can do both here: investigate these reports while continuing to fight back COVID. 40 cases of blood clots (and 0 confirmed deaths) in 17 million 538K confirmed deaths in 328 million (the US population) They really aren't comparable. EDIT: see replies below for details about deaths connected to the clots. I take that back. But my general point still stands, COVID is far, far more dangerous than the vaccine. I meant to write “confirmed deaths”, sorry. Updated my comment. “confirmed” might seem like nitpicking but it’s widely speculated that the actual death count for COVID is much higher than the confirmed number too. > there are other options Not with sufficient supply there isn’t. That’s the issue almost every country is facing, and AZ production plants can’t just flip a switch and start making Moderna vaccines instead. No matter what if you stop using the AZ you’re going to have a sharp drop in the number of vaccinations you’re able to do. That would almost certainly result in more deaths than the side effect of the vaccine. > Any hint, even the slightest, that complications may be ignored, could result in untold masses refusing vaccination out of fear. Only if people (and the media especially) hype up a very small danger to be more than it is. The larger danger is and always was COVID itself, especially with the new strains spreading. Thanks, I’ve updated my comment. I still believe my original point stands. > By your response, you're suggestion that we should not have even bothered with clinical trials? Just inject anything we thought might work, right away, just in case? That's very clearly not my suggestion. You're being absurd. You're talking as if the AZ vaccine had no clinical trial. It did. It's been proven safe for the vast, vast majority of the population. At no point did I say that this shouldn't be investigated. It should be. But there is no need to pause the rollout of the vaccine while that happens. A reminder: 40 cases in 17 million. Very few of those 40 cases have been fatal. "Pause for a few days" is very generous. How many days? We all know investigations like this can go on for weeks. Months, even. All the while the much more dangerous thread, COVID, is allowed to spread further. The actual data does not show zero cases, but it does show an incredible decline in flu infections this year. There will always be a small number of people wearing masks incorrectly but that doesn’t invalidate everyone that does. And it’s not just masks etc, it’s also the lengthy lockdown, working from home instead of commuting on public transit, etc etc. It does seem strange that a hospital would report absolutely zero but we have no idea of the context. Maybe the OP lives in a sparsely populated area. > If Tesla turns out to not be capable of deliver FSD, it's a straightforward class action to refund everyone. And possibly a few deaths, yeah. > Basically you are doubling the layout effort on your designers and app developers (or let's say 1.3 times modifier at least), and those designs have to be maintained as well. Judging by the screenshots in the article this really isn’t true. Devs just need to bother to test with these small devices, they’d see the padding and offset issues immediately and it would be an easy fix. > Tiny screen first just makes the experience suck for everyone. No it doesn’t. iOS’s UI toolkit has numerous tools to allow a design to adapt to screen size. There’s no reason an adjustment for a smaller screen would have any effect on a larger one. You can’t use simulators? We should expect it but it doesn’t ever happen. SV VCs want hockey stick growth and a profit, be that via going public or selling to a larger company. All else is secondary. “think of the children” has always been a lie, though. Or at best a surface level truth. When the rubber hits the road (i.e. when it comes to spending money) the US as a country doesn’t care about things like early childhood education all that much. In many ways the pandemic response was in line with the norm: rich kids do just fine, poorer kids are mostly ignored. Yeah, that's kind of what I was thinking with "surface level truth". I think if you asked the majority of the US population if they cared about children they'd say yes and I don't think they would be lying. But there's an ignorance of the bigger picture. It’s all a matter of opinion but I actually find Rust a wonderful language to write in, given the right circumstances. Which usually means “without having to deal with lifetimes”. I tried Go, I wanted generics and errors. I like C#, but not the ecosystem that comes along with it. And so on. So for me personally, Rust is a a valid choice even when performance isn’t a first concern. > There is no simpler language inside Rust that has the same safety guarantees I’d argue there is: there’s reference counting. Rather than using references and fussing with lifetimes you could sprinkle Rc<> wherever it’s necessary. You’d take a performance hit but the code would be simpler to write. Since all the pages are on Google’s domain they can track whatever they want: which links get clicked, how far someone scrolls, etc etc etc. AMP versions are often inferior because AMP isn’t actually HTML. You can’t even use an tag. So you have to develop an alternate version of every page for SEO. Inevitably a lot of companies don’t have the resources to actually do that so you end up with half finished, half implemented AMP versions. I can’t even remember what Medium’s original goal was, but from what I remember it was pretty much a blogging platform. In some ways it sounds like they’re going back to that. They used to be. I can't remember the exact part now but the TOS used to ban anything that wasn't iOS's own JavaScriptCore runtime. They changed it a few years ago. Arguably the primary React Native performance issue is that JS is single-threaded. Does React Native provide any useful tools for that? “Soviet” feels like a dramatic overstatement. Do you know how actively free expression was repressed in Soviet Russia? Do you know about the gulags? > There’s no evidence that the deal directly affects coverage in either the news or editorial departments. Before the Facebook News deal, the Times famously published an op-ed titled “It’s Time to Break Up Facebook,” by Chris Hughes, a cofounder of Facebook turned critic. And since the deal, columns from Tim Wu and Kara Swisher, among others, have been similarly critical. In December, the editorial board welcomed a lawsuit calling for Facebook to be broken up. It's kind of a throwaway passage in the article but it feels like a crucial point. Maybe I'm wrong but "buying off" to me strongly suggests something along the lines of a bribe. We're going to give you this cash, nudge nudge, wink wink, maybe that negative stuff you print about us goes away. My question is: is this actually happening? The core conflict here isn't new, surely. Newspapers have taken advertising money from news-making companies since time immaterial. The question has always been whether that money affects coverage. And so far it seems like "no", or "not yet". And there's a very worthy debate to be had here, much as there always has been about advertising in news media, but the headline doesn't do that debate justice. Why not discuss the actual coverage rather than attack the journalist? I still use Boot Camp for gaming. I know it's a minority use case but when I switch to an M1 machine I'll miss it. In what possible world could that be true? I could absolutely believe that there is a "quality" ranking that pushes Daily Mail stories down because the domain contains such poor quality content, or that the pages are loaded down with so much crap that people hit 'back' almost immediately after clicking on one of their links. That said, and as much as it pains me to side with the Daily Mail on anything, I think there's an interesting argument to be made here that Google's "quality" ratings are entirely opaque and the public should be given better access to them. …is that true? I understand “30-fold” to mean “30x” and I’m pretty sure I have from a very young age. I haven’t checked but I’d be surprised if my peers weren’t the same. I think the OP is saying that it could be a mistake to focus on the processor so much when it might turn out that worthy competition is just around the corner. Apple have ever focused on processor like this before, instead opting to focus on the whole product, fit and finish, etc. Which arguably still very few rival them on even today. I’m not so sure. I think it reaches a meaningful maximum. Can I do an entire days work on the laptop? Yes to both. Can it last an entire flight, even a long one? Yes to both. It’s not that it doesn’t matter at all, it’s just that it matters a lot less once you’ve checked boxes like that. The effective experience of both would be “you only need to charge it overnight” The broader point, I think, is that Apple has never really competed on specs before. Not meaningfully, anyway. They’ve competed on whole product. Competing on specs opens them up to new challenges. The "with hardware acceleration" part is what's missing there. Very important for mobile devices. Some people like to pay for the things they get value from. And in any case, YouTube TV is live TV. Much more difficult to pirate live content. If Apple like the idea fine then they don’t fund/pay attention to it accordingly. Safari is full of weird PWA bugs and long standing ones, too. As for the notifications, it’s easily solved. Softest touch: don’t let a notification prompt show without there being a user interaction first. Hardest touch: only allow it for webapps that are installed to the home screen. I have a much less charitable view: Apple doesn’t like webapps because they’re a threat to the App Store ecosystem. Not so much from a monetary perspective but an exclusivity one: if you can run all the exact same apps on all mobile platforms they lose an edge. (though I’m sure they don’t mind the money either!) Just because Steve Jobs said it doesn’t make it true. Apple have lagged behind webapp standards for years. Even with the release of iOS 14.5 there are no notes about changes in the browser, despite there being a bunch. Claiming Apple fully support the web because of something a former CEO said in a marketing presentation over a decade ago just doesn’t work. TL;DR: it makes Chrome faster by running it in the cloud and streaming it to your machine. One thing I don't see anywhere on the page: pricing. No-one is going to run a giant fleet of cloud servers out of the goodness of their own heart, so either I end up paying for this service or they extract some icky level of personal information to pay for it. The site says "Your data is your data. You’re not the product", so I assume it's the former. But without any pricing details I can't really evaluate whether this is worth trying or not. My personal method of making Chrome faster is to use Safari. It consumes way less battery and sites run more than smoothly enough for me. Everyone's situation differs, obviously, but I'm more comfortable running that locally than depending on a remote service (and a very stable internet connection!) to do my essential everyday tasks. At a bare minimum I'd want this to have an option to "downgrade" to local browsing for when I'm tethering, etc. What's the actual utility there, though? It makes the video less portable than if you were just watching in your phone. And the position on the page isn't exactly important. This nonsense? Again? I'd really have thought the average Hacker News reader was better than this. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/bill-gates-vaccinations-de... Depends on location, IMO. I was an Android user for years (since the Nexus One!) and the vast majority of my contacts were on iOS. My lack of iMessage was a constant frustration and I would have signed up in an instant. But I'm in the US, which has a disproportionately high amount of iOS users. Across the rest of the world iMessage would be competing with WhatsApp and its existing network (something the e-mails in the article note) and I think it would have been an uphill struggle. I have a family, small children, relatives. Grandparents loves to see videos of their grandchildren. Sharing a video via group MMS is fraught with problems, it often doesn't work, or the resolution is garbage. iMessage works every time. I'm not dismissing your experience but the green vs blue bubbles do make a big difference for many of us. I'm very aware of that. Convincing an entire extended family to switch app is not simple. Making sure they are all set up with an alternative messaging app is not simple. Getting them to remember to use it with your specific chat while they use the default app for other conversations is not simple. Using an iPhone is simple. > I just know that if you have an iPhone, you have to set your MMSC to Apple's servers versus the carrier's servers. I don't believe this is true. To the best of my knowledge (and a quick Google) Apple has no MMSC servers. I've certainly never input any. SMS and MMS sent on iOS use the same servers an Android phone would. But when the target phone number is detected as being iMessage capable that whole system is ignored and iMessage is used instead. Part of the reason people are very excited by municipal broadband is the ownership part. No giant corporate entity standing between you and your internet connection. The connection being mobile is nice but it's not something I require from my broadband connection, I already have a cellphone. And I live in an apartment building where installing a dish will be all but impossible. Don't get me wrong, Starlink is amazing tech and in rural areas it'll be a huge deal. But in reasonably sized towns and cities a wired, locally owned internet connection is also huge. > thus should know better I would posit that perhaps they know better than you. When pure performance is the concern it makes sense to go to a more performant language, like Go. But every time your JavaScript build tool moves away from JavaScript you close yourself off to a huge pool of potential code contributors and make it a lot more difficult to customise. So I think Vite has it just right: optimise the really intensive stuff, leave the rest more available and more editable. I’d argue that’s one of the reasons municipal governments are the best place to do this. If you tried at the state or federal level it would be slow as molasses but cities can move quicker. Of course it’s all relative. Verizon has supposed to have been rolling out FIOS to my neighborhood for a decade or more now. Also of note: > One immediate change, however, is that we are pausing new enrollment in our part-time programs. This all surprised me a little since I imagined schools like this would be doing well, pandemic job losses and expanded unemployment ought to make for a great market of prospective students. I guess it hasn’t been that simple. This really highlights to me how important the web is, and how close we can be to losing it all. You simply can't pull shit like this on the web (and I'm talking about both Roku and Google here, as well as all the crap Amazon has pulled before now). It's an open platform and it's one of the only places you can access all streaming services (I think?). But the web was never able or allowed to adapt to TV set-top boxes (if I recall Mozilla made a TV stick but like Firefox OS it went nowhere). It's a real shame. Not just broadcast TV, it also has a bunch of cable channels in there too. What does that have to do with video streaming services on set top boxes? It kind of sounds like you're determined to make a point here no matter whether it has anything to do with the topic at hand. It's not really that ridiculous. Clearly the previous business model wasn't working well in the 21st century, so people are innovating. [deleted] > The answer is why the hell am I being forced to figure this out? Because the decision is made before CSS loads and is parsed, so the browser doesn’t know any of this. Don’t get me wrong, this frustrates me endlessly as well, but the reasons for it are clear. Delaying until CSS has been parsed would slow down image loading. PWAs are just push notifications, it’s an entire app system. Home Screen, offline functionality, intents to share with other apps/the web, seamless updates, etc etc etc. Not to mention that the push permission problem is easily solved, indeed is _already_ solved by Google in Chrome. A lot of it is actually an improvement on APIs like AppCache that Apple originally implemented for iOS web apps! “a feature that is only abused for spam” is a wild misreading of PWAs. It’s true that they aren’t used too widely today but that’s _because_ Apple refuses to support it. I think it was a huge strategic misfire to create this PWA “brand” as it allows everyone to throw the baby out with the bathwater. The vast majority of the APIs involved make sense. Above should start “PWAs aren’t”, d’oh… Some exacerbated by every recent trend, it seems. Every “I’m starting a Substack!” story seems to be for someone that’s going to post endless reams of their opinions and not do an ounce of actual original reporting. I know Glenn Greenwald won a Pulitzer but it wasn’t for the kind of writing he posts now. That number is actually lower than I thought it could be... The thing that gets me is that AMP isn't even necessarily that fast. It appears fast because the Google search results page preloads AMP articles, which it's able to do because they are served from the same google.com domain. Overall it just feels like hack upon hidden hack with a sliver of standardisation on top. > I see complaining for the sake of complaining as a negative-utility activity I'm not sure if any studies have been done but I'd be interested to know if that's true. My instinct is the opposite: a little bitch and moan can make you feel better about getting something off your chest, especially if the person you're talking to sympathises and can maybe even give you feedback. And let's be honest, this is nothing specific to parenting. I'll bet most of us have complained about some facet of programming recently even though we enjoy it immensely. If we went by the same logic every HN thread would be full of "if that's how you feel then why did you go into programming?" "we mostly don't do anything else nowadays" != "requiring full time attention" I still have downtime after having a kid, but I'm much less motivated to spend it on a side project because I'm that much more exhausted. I think you're taking a sample set of 1 and applying it to an entire population. > Regarding the activity, it may make you feel better but my question is: does it actually improve the situation? My counter is: yes. Yes it does. It feels good to rant, to get things off my chest. Complaining with others gives me a sense of camaraderie, that we're going through it together. I'm glad that your aunt's tactic works for her, but it doesn't work for everyone. No-one is required to rant if it doesn't work for them! I know your comment is intended to be tounge-in-cheek but just to clarify: this recall is of Peloton's treadmill. The vast majority of Peloton users use their spin bike. I’d argue that image lazy loading isn’t really a thing an image does , it’s a browser optimisation for asset loading. The built in functionality ensures the image is loaded well before it appears on the screen. > I always sensed the overwhelming consensus among us all (tech people, namely) was that such information should be made free and accessible? I don't think there is. But that's partly because "tech people" is now such a big tent. Open source folks would probably agree with that statement. Folks pushing startups towards hockey stick growth.. maybe less so. Maybe I'm too cynical but Clubhouse always felt like a weird pyramid scheme. It was huge solely because a core group of people said it was huge. VCs hyping a VC investment to a sky-high valuation and bringing lots of VC-aspiration little people along with them as reinforcement. And I guess it worked, they got a valuation of $4bn! But now what? There are two defaults: web default and OS default. I can understand the default default(!) being the web, at least then it looks consistent across platforms. I think it does matter to the person being executed. There are numerous stories of lethal injections going wrong, of those being executed writhing around in extreme pain. If I were on death row I think I’d very strongly prefer a firing squad. If I were the person performing the execution… perhaps not. But I think you’re right that these changes aren’t being brought about for the benefit for the executed. It’s embarrassing for those executing when one goes wrong and states have had to resort to more and more obscure cocktails of drugs as companies refuse to sell when they know their product is being used to kill. By comparison a firing squad has a very simple supply chain. The OP said the child was a toddler. Depending on the exact age I'd suspect there wasn't much of a subsequent conversation given the lack of communication skills. Aside from that, whether the child is enjoying them or not isn't all that relevant. My kid would enjoy eating ice cream for breakfast, lunch and dinner every day but I know what's good for them better than they do. Strange, I could have sworn I was told that bitcoin was mined using all renewable energy... I've written a fair amount of Rust and my beginner experience was not as positive as yours. It took me a very long time to fully deal with things like the borrow checker. My personal recommendation to anyone just writing code as a learning exercise is that they start with using Rc<> wherever a borrow checker-related issue arises. Then you can get used to the rest of Rust. Once you feel a lot more proficient you can go back and start replacing Rc<> with references (and you might find that you don't even need to in many instances anyway) It is literally not believable. I live in New York and have absolutely never seen anyone pay for sandwiches by check. Maybe, maybe if they were paying for a catering order of 50 sandwiches. But even then they'd probably be using a corporate credit card. > Sounds like a lot of work to display a bloody list. UI is complex? Who knew! Depressing. But on the other hand you don't actually have to do much if anything to support Firefox, unlike IE11 it adheres to web standards. > is that Musk is able to admit a mistake and do a 180 He's still hedging somewhat by saying "in the last few months" because it makes it sound like it was a sensible decision when Tesla decided to get in, then energy usage went crazy. In reality this was obvious long before Tesla bought into bitcoin. I'm sure many within the company were entirely aware of this but Elon rules all. One of the things that worries me most about Tesla is the extent to which a billionaire with an absurd fondness for memes can do whatever he wants. Giving himself the title "Technoking" and his CFO "Master of Coin" is pretty harmless but it's also pretty stupid and makes it seem like there are no adults in the room. The bitcoin thing is the exact same dynamic except with actual damage involved. Some interesting points in there. My personal summary as someone who's done plenty of JS and Android work: Kotlin is to Java as CoffeeScript is to JavaScript. I loved using CoffeeScript at the time because JavaScript felt like an incredibly stagnant language. CoffeeScript brought so many usability improvements. But that in turn inspired ES6 JavaScript and now no-one uses CoffeeScript. I wouldn't be surprised if we see something similar with Kotlin. But it has an invested and motivated corporate backer that CoffeeScript never had who are branching out in new directions like Kotlin Native, so I wouldn't count it out yet. Native offers some interesting possible futures for cross-platform development (for instance you can deploy to both Android and iOS, WASM soon I believe?). That alone might justify keeping it around. I don't want to stretch metaphors too far here but there's some truth in what you're saying. TypeScript usage is a tiny minority of JavaScript usage but it's climbing and I'm sure it's much higher than CoffeeScript ever was. But I see TypeScript as a different beast altogether because of its aims. CoffeeScript and Kotlin were both created to make a complicated messy language more straightforward and powerful. TypeScript aims to make JavaScript safer by introducing types. If anything it slows development down, not makes it faster (and before someone jumps on me for saying that: yes, I think it's worth the price). IMO that makes comparisons difficult. I think most of what you're saying applies to 3D TV, too. And that ended up being a dud. IMO the problem with both is that they're an awful shared experience, and a lot of TV watching is done by more than one person at a time. Everyone is different, I suppose. A shared TV watching experience where we're both plugged into our own isolated audio and can't hear each other talk would be an awful experience for me. I don't see how it's "safe to say" anything about Google's future plans in an area like this. They can and will change their mind on a whim. OP didn't even use the word monopoly. You don't have to view it through that narrow a lens. I think it's fair to ask if it is in consumers interest to have to buy an Apple TV to watch Apple produced shows, an Amazon Fire stick to watch Amazon/MGM content, etc. etc. I know that isn't the world we're in right now but the spats you see between e.g. Google and Roku (and Amazon and Google) feel indicative of a likely future to me: consolidate, then bring down the hammer. Does that mean we shouldn't ever strive for better? > from their proprietary devices, and I did not get to watch it whenever, and however I wanted. That's still quite possible in the future. If providers lock down the hardware you can use to watch then maybe you won't be able to watch on your phone if they don't feel like letting you. It doesn't sound like we disagree. Why couldn't the FEC allow the merger with a mandate that content be available on all (or a reasonable number of) platforms? The FTC exists to protect the interests of consumers. They're not just the "Anti-Monopoly Commission". > The root issue here is excessive copyright terms. Not really. That's an issue, certainly. But the consolidation of media ownership into companies that control the entire process from production to the hardware video is played on has very little to do with how long back catalogues retain copyright protection. "The FEC only gets involved over specific things." On what basis? Legal restriction or historical precedent? This is how we get timid regulation, by never moving beyond what has gone before. "The basic statute enforced by the FTC, Section 5(a) of the FTC Act, empowers the agency to investigate and prevent unfair methods of competition, and unfair or deceptive acts or practices affecting commerce. This creates the Agency’s two primary missions: protecting competition and protecting consumers. The statute gives the FTC authority to seek relief for consumers, including injunctions and restitution, and in some instances to seek civil penalties from wrongdoers. The FTC has the ability to implement trade regulation rules defining with specificity acts or practices that are unfair or deceptive and the Commission can publish reports and make legislative recommendations to Congress about issues affecting the economy. The Commission enforces various antitrust laws under Section 5(a) of the FTC Act as well as the Clayton Act. The FTC monitors all its orders to ensure compliance." https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/media-resources/what-ftc-doe... Your comparison is a little absurd. If the police had a specific role in investigating and preventing unfair chair usage than calling the police would seem like a very logical course of action. In this case, the FTC has a clear role in preventing unfair methods of competition. Huge media conglomerates closing out access to smaller competitors via the software and hardware consumers use to watch TV could certainly be considered unfair. Look, they need to mine crypto somewhere . It’s what happens when the entire vehicle is speculation. I know the plan and the desire is for Bitcoin to be used as an alternative payment method but it isn’t fit for purpose. The people investing in it are doing so purely on a speculative basis, so you’d better believe plenty will cash out at the first sign of a dip. You’re asking for a source to prove that people want to use a cryptocurrency as currency? Feels a little like asking for a scientific paper proving that fish swim in water. People realised some time ago that Bitcoin isn't actually fit for purpose for most payments because transactions take so long to close. So it's now pivoted to this value idea of storing "value". Absolute house of cards. Isn't Bitcoin absolutely terrible at transactions, though? It's too slow to ever be used as a cash alternative. Why wouldn't an alternative cryptocurrency fill that void then leave Bitcoin with no actual value at all? [deleted] Then you weren't around in the IE5-6 era. It was definitely a better browser. But then they decided IE6 could never be improved and sat on it for years. > If the price to pay to have a respected "geek" image is to have men essentially evirate themselves then good luck finding somebody willing to do that. I think most people would settle for "don't hang out with Jeffery Epstein", but you do you. (and yes, he met his wife at work. But hitting on a bunch of subordinates later on in life while still married to that wife is quite a different proposition) Anyway, the point - as the article states! - is that Bill carefully crafted his persona after spending years as the Big Bad Microsoft Guy. He appeared on Ellen, did Reddit AMAs, etc. etc... he was as much a media personality as anyone else. Nothing wrong with that except that, yes, it might come back to bite you when facts emerge that don't fit the narrative you've been telling. I bought a USB hub on Amazon and in the box was a postcard offering me a $20 voucher for a review if I “enjoy the product”. I wrote a review mentioning this and Amazon rejected it. There’s no way they don’t know what’s going on. How is that the same logic? Amazon does not charge end users for allowing services they use to run on AWS. A renaissance would be a revival, surely? Laptops have been dominant for a long time now. Not that it's a foolproof indicator for this year but new hardware has absolutely been announced at WWDC. The iPhone 3G is the one that immediately comes to mind but it's far from the only one. I'm pretty sure new Macbooks have been included before. > The magnetic surface in an FDD disk is floppy the magnetic surface in a HDD is hard Maybe I'm wrong but I was under the impression that a "floppy" was called that because the original ones - 5.25", were floppy. ...and despite it being essentially a time period where the hospital leaves you alone, you still get billed for it. When you stay at a hotel do you receive a specific line-item in your bill for being time spent lying in bed with your partner? I’m personally sceptical of putting too much faith in this, we’ve already seen a number of variants. Over my lifetime? Who knows what mutations we’ll see. The vaccine, yes. But I'm not sure there's such consensus around homegrown antibodies. Well, you either need to format dates or you don't. The idea that you won't use Intl because the IE11 polyfill adds to much to your bundle size is a bit of a head scratcher. But joining SVG and HTML is really, really not something web developers get to very quickly . It's an absolute niche use case. > Once people could work from home, they decided they didn't want to live in a city anymore. IMO it’s too early to claim that. People left the city during the pandemic because there was no point paying the premium to live in a city when all its amenities are closed. As cities open back up we might see a lot of people return. Anecdotally, I know a bunch of early career folks in their 20s that moved back in with their parents during the pandemic to save cash. That most certainly isn’t their long term plan. I don’t doubt that a good number of folks won’t return to the city once this is over. But I wonder if that’s just an acceleration of moves they would have already made in the next 5 years or so, rather than something indicative of the death of cities. Problems with supersonic (?): - Noise means you can't do US domestic - Concorde didn't have the range for Pacific - Costs didn't work for Atlantic routes - And airlines want lots of identical planes, not one special one for one route Which ones has Boom solved? https://twitter.com/benedictevans/status/1400425028022308874 To be clear, my post was not written by me, but by Benedict Evans. I reposted it here as it felt like a worthy discussion point. It might be interesting to see Benedict’s comments on Tesla circa 2005 to see how they compare to Boom today. Counterpoint: fast, accessible in flight Wifi is a reality now. It means that flights aren’t anywhere near the kind of “dead” time they used to be. I’m sure some CEOs will pay whatever it costs to boost their own egos but IMO that would push them towards private jets, not a supersonic flight with United. I find the actual arguments for faster flights less persuasive than they were in the 70s. Any examples? I don’t think there’s a big crossover between things people buy on Etsy and things they buy on Walmart. I wouldn’t say they’re replicating Amazon, they’re a brick and mortar chain with thousands of locations. That’s definitely a potential edge over Amazon. Depending on how far we’re talking you could also just run network cable… Actually in terms of bandwidth JavaScript isn’t the problem, you can fit an entire SPA into the bandwidth required for one large image (it is a problem in terms of CPU usage on underpowered devices though) Large images being “worth the trade off” is debatable depending on your connection speed, I think (though at least you can disable images in the browser?) Would it be helpful if we clarified that all three of those assertions are true at the same time? I don't think it's a coincidence that we've seen a rise in holocaust denial, nazi sympathisers, etc. as this population has left us. It's a sad thought really, no number of history books will ever have the same effect as talking to your grandpa about his experiences on the beaches at Normandy, or marching in to liberate a concentration camp. I fear we're on the brink of forgetting a lot of lessons. The transition from Google Play Music to YouTube Music has been insane. They rebuilt apps seemingly from the ground up, only without a bunch of features. Meanwhile the actual product has, at best, stood still for about two years now. Meanwhile Spotify are running rings around them. I’m the same. While I get ad-free YouTube into the bargain I’m not going to switch away. But friends of mine love the highlights, smart playlist stuff Spotify has (to be honest I don’t know the full details). Not to mention that Spotify has an entire API people make apps with, not having that has left me on the outside of some stuff before now. I don’t understand how any of this is relevant to Astro, beyond “JavaScript”. But that half dose has to be stored in conditions much cooler than the AstraZeneca vaccine. Obviously there's a place for both but the portability of the AstraZeneca and J&J vaccines can't be understated. The internet is incomprehensibly vast. Yes, there might be a copy (or multiple copies) of a video you made in your youth on the internet. But as long as it isn't a) prominently available and b) attached to your name, you might be OK. The situation we have today does allow you to address such a problem: Google can remove search results. It's not possible to do that on the blockchain. This speaks to me. I’m not deeply involved in the iOS development world but I do a lot of webview-adjacent stuff so I keep a close eye on the WKWebView documentation. It’s a mess. Case in point: introduced in the new beta: loadSimulatedRequest: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkit/wkwebview/3... What does it do? Don’t know. I can make a few informed guesses from the name but I’m not sure if it’s maybe a performance measurement tool, or just a way of loading faked data. There is no documentation. To the best of my knowledge it isn’t covered in any talks either. That’s very useful information that would be very useful i the docs! Thank you. I’m a little confused as to how it differs from the existing method for loading data: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/webkit/wkwebview/1... but I suppose it allows for more customisability. Marking the existing one as deprecated would go a long way to solving the mystery. Assuming that’s even correct! This is where documentation beyond literally only detailing what the API does would be great. More likely for offline caching of web content. But unit tests too! Seems like a strange course of action. What if someone just wants to come and see you and not debate the scientific merits of Damore's memo? The man is a computer science professor, after all. I don't know about "hostile work environment" but it seems needlessly antagonistic to me. In what world is posting the memo on your office door not “making a scene about it”? An academic sharing a set of views that are unrelated to the subject matter he teaches, posted on part of his teaching environment. Make it sound like a noble stand all you want but he was being needlessly provocative in an attempt to get the exact reaction he got and stir up controversy. It’s deeply tiresome. If a left leaning English professor put up a lengthy memo on racial justice it would be dismissed by many as virtue signalling, as a distraction from their teaching, as a sign of an oppressive environment, etc etc. Yet when this is done by someone on the right the exact same people consider it the pursuit of some grand noble cause. Give me a break. That also requires installation of Homebrew. Not like it's the end of the world or anything but it's still another step to go through for someone that's just starting out in webdev. Back in the day I remember all-in-one LAMP stack apps for Windows that made it very, very simple to get going (and if I recall didn't require admin permissions either). How many Realnetworks streams from 1996 are playable today? I’d wager not many. By 1996 it was obvious that streaming video was technically possible. I don’t think it was anywhere near as obvious that it would become a cultural force to the extent that it has, nor that archiving such streams was particularly important. Not to mention the monetary angle: such deals would have cost the BBC more money and I’m not sure the majority of the population would have seen it as a worthy use of money at the time. Facebook... and Spotify, and Twitter. They've all got Clubhouse clones going now. Sometimes I find the state of 'innovation' in large tech companies a little depressing... FTA: “Bumble has had a busier year than most firms, with a stock market debut, and rapid growth in user numbers.” I don’t think they’re implying that everyone is working overtime. Scaling up to accommodate a lot of new users isn’t always simple, we all know this. And a looming IPO means the pressure to get that scaling right first time is high (and has plenty of non-tech requirements to stress out employees too) A busy year like that combined with the effects of COVID means that a lot of people feel burnt out. A synchronised break also has benefits: with no-one working there’s much less chance you’ll be tempted to “just check emails quickly” and get sucked back in. I didn’t have a particularly intense workplace in the last year and I still feel pretty burnt out so I can sympathise. Definitely true. In my experience it's less to do with battery and more that the client-side rendering process is so intense. Particularly because of the single-threaded nature of JS: a GL-based map on a web page makes the whole thing drag on a low-specced phone. These days Chrome and Firefox have the OffscreenCanvas API that would let you do all that rendering in a different thread, but last I looked MapBox GL didn't support it. Not sure if that's changed with libre. Have we reached a decade of "AI will fix it" yet, or are we still a couple of years off? I feel like so many issues around content moderation have been waved off by the big tech companies as being solved by algorithms and yet time and time again it's made very clear that algorithms alone aren't going to solve these problems. I used to think it was because the engineers and managers involved believed so deeply in the potential but now I'm pretty sure it's because higher ups know the alternative (e.g. hiring humans, or abandoning money-generating algorithmic feeds) would be expensive and they'll throw anything and everything they can at the wall to avoid having to do it. > It’s not really honest to expect Facebook to correctly classify every single, tiny group created on the entire website. I agree, but that's what Facebook said it would do . IMO the onus is on Facebook here. They promised to do something they surely knew they couldn't do. I suspect because the alternative is admitting that they don't really have any control over their recommendation algorithm, and the logical conclusion to that is to stop recommending things. But they don't ever want to do that because their engagement numbers would tank. The clear implication here is surely that 15,000 is not enough. Which is maybe not surprising when Facebook claims to have 2.85 billion active users. By that metric 15k isn't really all that much. > Content moderation at Facebook scale is really, really hard. Even for real people. Maybe you could even argue that it's impossible. The question then is what to do about it. One answer could be "stop using recommendation algorithms you do not control", but that would harm Facebook's profits. I feel as though a comment similar to this appear on every Facebook-related topic. And don't get me wrong, you're absolutely right! I've also cut out Facebook from my life as much as I can and I'm happier for it. But "everyone just needs to cut out that bad stuff!" doesn't really work on a societal scale. Not to sound hyperbolic but I do feel as though the social media era has caused widespread addiction to the dopamine hits these apps provide and I don't think everyone is going to stop doing it just because someone tells them it would be good for them to do it. IMO society is far better off for the concerted campaigns that were fought against smoking. Maybe something similar is needed here. Very difficult to do when it comes to entertainment. Almost all streaming services have locked down DRM that makes running open source software very difficult. (I know someone will say “just pirate it then!” but even putting moral obligations aside that’s still not realistic for the average viewer) Of course there is. Pirating streaming media isn’t like stealing bread to feed your starving family, it’s entirely optional. If you don’t agree with the terms of service (i.e. DRM) then don’t use the service. Deciding on your own terms of service is just entitlement. I personally don’t care either way but you can’t say there is no argument against it. I don’t understand the logic here. Libraries pay money for the media they lend out so how is it comparable? One huge difference between them is that UTC is, well, universally used, while GMT is switched out for BST (an hour ahead) in summer months on client machines. Not that you should be assuming anything about the state of the client machine but this is an extra footgun. That works great when every interaction you make with the data is in JS. But less so if you want to, say, run manual SQL queries from time to time. “I don’t like the name” is in no way a concrete accusation. I have to admit I laughed… I read your message then went go to check the name. “Right Wing Watch”. If anything your message contains more vitriol than their name does, are you sure you’re not projecting? It’s a premium device that people like to show off. Hardly rare in that regard, there are leaks of new cars, watches, etc > And is he seriously recommending HTTP FORM POST data as a best practice to send API request/responses when you're using JavaScript? I don’t think so? I think sending JSON POST data is a solved problem, so to speak: everyone already knows how to do it. The evidence suggests the same is not true for form data. I think you’re confusing “would not be allowed to be made today” with “would face a ~48 hour Twitter outrage cycle then the world would move on”. I feel like we're stuck in this absurd cycle where the outrage to the outrage becomes a force multiplier. A small number of very vocal people on the left express outrage about X. Not a view shared by the vast majority of the population, left and right included. Right wing media picks up on said outrage and makes vast, sweeping statements about what it means about "the left" and "America today". The whole thing snowballs, some folks on the left end up defending people they don't agree with just because of the outrage on the right... blah blah blah it all eventually dies down until we do the same dance a couple of months later. It's all an absurd waste of everyone's time, except for the folks like Tucker Carlson that get record viewing figures and a huge pay day from it. I think it's actually pretty debatable, depending on what you count "longest running" to mean. Curb Your Enthusiasm has been on since 2000 but has taken years-long breaks. Is that longest running? FWIW It's Always Sunny is, I believe, considered the longest running live action sitcom. Longest running sitcom overall is The Simpsons. I'd maybe agree that they occupy similar spaces in their respective media landscapes, though Bee being a comedian already makes her a different proposition. But either way I wouldn't say they are the exact same thing. An example: recently Tucker Carlson recently took time in an episode to detail an entirely unfounded conspiracy theory that the FBI was behind the January 6th Capitol attacks. It was completely and utterly false, and easily proven as such. But he has not (to date) admitted that. If there are examples of this level of disinformation coming from Samantha Bee and/or Joy Reid I'd be interested to see them. > It seems our completely untethered tumble into the world of 1984 led by Big Brother and every all-seeing eye on the planet, with Microsoft pushing us through a new window and into a new era with Windows 11. What a load of hyperbolic junk this is. Microsoft is trying to ensure consistency for people that buy Windows laptops. We can debate whether that is a smart move or not, but descending into 1984 fear-baiting is just nonsense. > It's not unreasonable to be concerned that this initiative will morph into something nefarious. It kind of is, though. It's a classic slippery slope fallacy. Collecting user telemetry and spying on users via webcams you force hardware manufacturers to install in machines are miles, miles, miles apart from each other. I'm not trying to defend MS's telemetry collection here, I don't like it either. But the extrapolation is hyperbolic. Yes.. and they weren't requiring a network interface in order to collect telemetry. They were requiring a network interface in order for Windows laptop purchasers to know that they'd be able to connect to the internet. I think if Juul was marketed as a smoking cessation product I’d have no problem with it. But it’s marketed as a lifestyle product and a ton of young people with no history of smoking have started vaping as a result. 18% seems high but don’t underestimate paranoia and/or selfishness. A lot of older people aren’t ever out past 10pm (I’m in my late thirties and I rarely am!) and have been convinced by tabloid newspapers that youths/immigrants/criminals/[delete as applicable] are doing all kinds of awful things at night time. Best to keep everyone indoors so that we’re all safe, eh? This is very cool. I'm still hoping one day Home Assistant will add support for Google Home's Local API to avoid going over the internet to perform internal operations from a Home: https://community.home-assistant.io/t/google-home-local-home... I have an ecobee and I actually wonder whether it needs an internet connection. For setup, certainly. But I have it connected to Apple HomeKit, which all runs on internal networking. My Apple TV then exposes HomeKit for use outside the house. Either way, HA lets you use a whole load of random ZWave/ZigBee/whatever thermostats: https://community.home-assistant.io/t/latest-and-greatest-th... 23 day old account, no bio listed... I don't think there's much personal information leaking out there. The actual quote (with my emphasis added): > "The movie business *as before* is finished and will never come back." And I think that's correct. Superhero blockbusters taking over all box office receipts was one thing, but now those blockbusters are becoming deeply tied to streaming services like Disney+ that's bringing content into people's homes and away from movie theatres. I won't mourn movie theatres (though I hope places emulate the likes of Alamo Drafthouse and do dinner, drinks and let us make an evening out of watching a movie), but I do worry about things like movie financing. It feels the industry has split in two, either making super-expensive superhero blockbusters or super cheap indie films. It makes me feel like a grouch to complain about the uber-popular, widely loved thing but this intertwined superhero universe exhausts me. I don't want to have to watch three previous movies and two TV shows to fully enjoy the movie that's in front of me. So I watch a lot more limited series TV instead... and maybe that's just fine? I think that ship has already sailed with the prevalence of the web. Users are already very used to learning a new UI for a new app, their online bank doesn't work like Gmail does, nor does Netflix, etc. etc. Sometimes it feels like OS UI is literally just window dressing these days. I think the simple answer is that movies tend to reflect the world around them. Not to get too political on HN but I think no matter your political stripes we can agree that the general mood of the country has been not great since at least 2015 or so. You could argue that means we need more escapism, not less, but somehow that doesn't happen. Is there actually a performance hit, though? Smells like premature optimisation to be worrying about this over readable code until you’ve profiled the actual effects. Sure but the argument being made was that native UI helps users learn to use apps. My point is that users are very used to learning entirely new UIs on a regular basis. Obviously there is a performance hit, my point is whether that hit is noteworthy at all. JavaScript VMs are incredibly efficient and have all manner of optimisations that aren’t apparent at first sight. Absent profiling data we can’t know and any best practises are really just shooting in the dark. For example: is Array.prototype.map just as efficient on non-arrays? What does it do internally, do we know it doesn’t create an array anyway? I dunno, if “looked through social media posts of my partner with their ex” is stalking then there are a lot of stalkers out there in the world in new relationships. Don’t get me wrong, turning that into a story with a few too many true-to-life details would absolutely weird me out too. But I’m not sure she’s a stalking villain. If she’d lifted photos from his profile and published them for profit I’d agree with you. But using the photos of their relationship as inspiration for a fictional story is a much more tenuous connection. And it’s not as if the author directly wrote it with the intention to profit, the story was a huge success in a way that surprised everyone. It isn’t the story of this woman’s relationship, she herself attests to that. It’s a story inspired by the evidence of her relationship. If asked I bet a lot of authors would say they base their stories on some kind of real world experience, does that mean they all owe royalties? IMO one of the really interesting parts of this essay is the ambiguity. She’s upset, and upset at the author, but isn’t entirely sure if what happened was actually wrong, or what any of it means. I find that a lot more powerful than trying to cast people as unambiguous heroes or villains. This is one of the things that depresses me the most… rich countries don’t even need to be altruistic here. Be entirely selfish: send vaccines to worse off countries to cut down on the number of mutations that will inevitably arrive on your shores. The really depressing part is that the exact same logic applies to climate change, so I’m not exactly full of hope for the future right now. Maybe. I’m a little younger than you and I both post and consume Instagram Stories. It’s mostly of my kids and my friends kids. I like that the posts only last for 24 hours and there a no likes, etc etc. By contrast my actual Instagram profile and FB profile are very quiet. Maybe you have friends that are the same (but if you don’t care to watch endless videos of other people’s kids maybe give it a miss!) Oh, for sure there are permanent copies, you can go to your profile to find them. But I actually kind of like that too, I like to be able to privately look back through my old memories. Just don’t want a permanent public record. I say this as a liberal believer in government: NYC (and NY state) make one of the worst cases for effective governance out of anywhere I’ve lived. (it’s all relative, of course: the places I’ve lived have been cities and towns in relatively prosperous western nations) One immediate reaction: this data isn’t adjusted for overall numbers. Yes, the number of GraphQL mentions on Hacker News varied, but how did it vary compared to the overall number of comments on the site? Same with SO questions and GitHub repos. Without controlling for that you might just be looking at the normal ebb and flow of site traffic throughout a year. In fact you see it in the SO data, where both GraphQL and Kubernetes take a dive at the end of 2020. I’ll bet overall site traffic was down as people left for holidays, focused on end of year reviews, etc etc. The post mentions all the data come from BigQuery so it should be relatively simple to get an overall row count. I'm not clued in enough on BigQuery pricing to know whether it would suddenly make the query uber-expensive, though. I got a notification a few days ago telling me that my Apple TV+ trial was expiring, and that it was time to pay $4.99 a month. I can't justify it. Yet I love Ted Lasso. It irritates me that I can't just buy individual episodes of shows any more, I have to buy into a whole ecosystem. It's all the more amazing that it is based on a series of promos for NBC's premier league soccer coverage (IIRC). Impressive that they created a whole universe from it. Facebook already has similar edit functionality and I’m curious how many users click through to see the edits. I’ll be the number is not high. The speed Twitter moves I think a lot more people are going to mash the retweet button than the “see edits” button. From the other point of view: through Maps, Android and Gmail Google has absolutely dominated the ad marketplace to a point where only Facebook can compete (and even then, weakly). They’ve built out incredible, unprecedented datasets of user activity online. If Twitter is polarising then YouTube is hyper-polarising. Twitter, I agree, is too insignificant to have done any of those things. So I can see how working there would feel a lot less morally compromising. > stay and try to change Google They’ve been at Google for 14 years. I think at that point you probably have a pretty clear idea what you, as an individual, are going to be able to change in the place. If your concern is polarising and divisive platforms I don’t know how you could ever give Google a free pass for YouTube. Its recommendation algorithm is a radicalisation program that targets divisive videos by design because they get higher engagement. It’s not something they intended but they’ve done near nothing to stop it. And in terms of number of people it reaches YouTube eclipses Twitter easily. It’s undeniable, though, that such a limitation would shut off access for people who can’t afford it. You see it today with newspaper paywalls and the like. I suspect the vast majority of us in HN would have no problem paying for most of these services but I’m not sure how I feel about us making those choices on behalf of those that can’t. Not entirely, historically newspapers had both ads and a sale price. That price was subsidised by ads. But you’re right that it’s not so clear. Maybe a more straightforward example is broadcast TV: ABC, NBC and the like. Free at delivery, paid for by ads. “non-mainstream positions” is covering a lot in that statement. “provably false information that endangers the public” is a more accurate rephrasing. In any case, the article doesn’t even come close to saying that. It details an internal discussion at Facebook about whether they should make data about the most popular posts public. Where is the word “ban” even mentioned? > but once memory is corrupted, errors can manifest anywhere Yes, but those errors can only be caused by code flagged with the unsafe keyword. Which makes debugging, auditing etc. a lot more simple than in, say, C, where it could happen anywhere. > This isn't necessarily a huge help, because those errors could be triggered or manifest at any point where unsafe code is used transitively. Right, and that isn’t something Rust or the unsafe keyword set out to solve. Unsafe has absolutely no runtime impact and was never designed to. Your argument that a disciplined use of C would render this useless is correct, but history has shown us a great many examples of undisciplined use of C, even in projects that start out disciplined. Rust codifies and enforces that discipline, I don’t see anything wrong with that. You want unsafe to be something it isn’t, but I’m not convinced what you want fits with Rust’s vision. There are many, many safer languages to choose from. Mesh is such an awesome project. I remember when the pandemic lockdowns started I spoke to friends that teach in poorer neighborhoods and they regarded the schools plans as a joke: even if they distributed Chromebooks/tablets to every student without one, a lot of them didn’t have an internet connection to use it with. A Mesh network with antennas on top of public buildings (schools, libraries) could have been a huge asset. That said, I don’t have a Mesh internet connection because I live in a large apartment building and would need permission from the building owner to install anything. Even then, there are thirty-odd units in my building so splitting that antenna bandwidth between all of us wouldn’t amount to much. A better option (that Mesh provides) is for large buildings to get fiber connections and share bandwidth with the Mesh network at large. But that would require considerable involvement from my building management and they couldn’t care less. Given how common that is it seems like a big hurdle for the project, while corporate competitors like Starry will probably have an easier time convincing skeptical owners. Fingers crossed that as they roll out more locations more building owners will get on board. I should clarify, I need permission to install anything on the roof , which is how Mesh connections are almost always made. > You don’t have to share your mesh connection with all 30 units and the equipment you install wouldn’t be able to support 30 units. Right, and that’s the key problem with building management approval. They’re already disinterested and they’re even less interested in installing something that only benefits one apartment or maybe a couple. There’s already a specific exclusion against the likes of DirectTV satellites that only serve one apartment on the roof. So the best chance of getting approved is to go down the fiber route, but that’s a so much larger and complex solution that there’s less chance it’ll ever happen. Feels a little catch 22-ish: the small solution is too small to get approved, the large solution is too large to get approved. None of this is Mesh’s fault, it’s just that plodding real estate interests in the city always default to doing nothing if they can. (worth noting though that a number of folks in NYC live in co-op buildings where the apartment owners are the building management, I imagine the fiber option could make inroads there much more easily) Didn’t expect I’d see a top post on HN defending the page-centric nature of PDFs. A pager format is awful for anything other than printing out pages. But hey, it’s a big wide web, you do you. But I won’t be reading. If I recall you can disable this on a per-app basis. “Embrace, Extend, Extinguish!” OK, we got the decades old slogan out of the way, now can we talk about the actual distro? I strongly agree. I’ll take any article describing what “every” developer should do with a pinch of salt. A lot of developers are out there day in, day out, doing CRUD-y or UI-y work and have no need to set aside time to read a lengthy paper about LISP. Not that the paper is bad or not worthy, but the range of “developer” is vast these days. I guess I’m talking about myself here too. I have no Computer Science training and can’t say I’ve ever felt like I need it. I could take the time to read an academic paper about the next 700 programming languages or I could read an introduction to iOS development with Swift. I know which one is most likely to help my career. Sutton Bank is a real bank with full FDIC insurance. Seems like Square Banking is just a pretty UI on top of that. > your only storage option is an SD card for primary storage Hasn't been true for a while now. The Pi 4 can boot from USB storage. Just a thought: maybe don't buy a shitty USB stick? You're talking as if reliable USB SSD drives from established brands simply don't exist. I'm sorry the $35 computer doesn't have all the storage connections you'd like it to. It's still very useful for the rest of us. So to paraphrase: doesn’t matter for developed nations, we don’t have an answer for undeveloped ones. …doesn’t that suggest it would be worth a billionaire trying to find an answer for the latter? A way to help local farmers feed their population? It seems like an interesting problem space to me. Certainly more interesting than replicating space flights NASA already did decades ago. But what’s the actual purpose? Space tourism I get. But beyond that I’m struggling to see the uses of normal people having access to space travel. By comparison people having access to air travel has clear benefits. I want to be excited but I keep coming back to confusion over what the actual purpose of this will be. Flight has very clear benefits: getting you from A to B way faster than was ever possible before. With space flight there is no B to go to. You go up, you come down. If these companies were making breakthroughs in making space long term habitable I’d be excited. But I’m yet to see that. > Our planet will only last so long until the Sun becomes a Red Giant. In, what, five billion years? I’m not sure we need Bezos to be focusing all his money on that timeframe. > Only thing I can think of is perhaps that could reduce rainfall in neighboring areas which would have received the rain. …which seems significant, no? If you fast forward to a water deprived future (uh, present?) and give nation states the ability to take water that would have fallen on neighbouring countries and take it for themselves… I don’t see how that ends well. Don’t get me wrong, the technology is fascinating and on purely technological terms it’s a great development. But yes, it could lead to some strange outcomes. What the law specifies is not always the lived reality. “isolation” in that context is a little misleading - Flash had countless security vulnerabilities that blew open any isolation you might have hoped to achieve. But her lawsuit is against the Neiman Lab, not her employer, so it wouldn’t have any bearing on what you’re saying? If anything it feels kind of telling that she’s suing the organisation that named her instead of the organisation that fired her. IMO at the very least the case is a lot more nuanced than you're making it out to be. For example: the fired professor was propagating conspiracy theories about Seth Rich. From the free speech angle, sure, she's free to say whatever she wants. But if you're a journalism professor and you aren't able to tell when something being propagated in the media is a baseless conspiracy theory, what does that say about your ability at your job? And as a teacher? It is not flat out wrong to fire someone for engaging in actions that cast doubt on their professionalism. At the very least it's open for debate. I think there's an interesting debate to be had over her having done this anonymously: if she separated it from her professional persona is she less culpable in a professional sense? Personally I'd still argue no, but I think this is why she's targeting the Lab and not her employer: it's a lot easier to argue that unmasking her (thus combining her anonymous and professional identities) was wrong than to argue that firing her was wrong. It seems their argument is going to be centered around one particular post expressing an anti-Muslim sentiment. Benton said she wrote it, she said she did not, thus he defamed her. All the posts were made under the same Disqus account so she might have a hill to climb in proving that it wasn't her. I'm very far from a lawyer but this feels like a case designed to set the professor up as a cause célèbre on the right rather than one designed to win. > And this also implies that her lawsuit might actually have some merit. How so? It's a defamation suit so the criteria are pretty clear and as far as I'm aware whether it was revenge or not doesn't have any bearing. Yes, but I was responding to this quote by the OP: > I hope her lawsuit is very successful. She was clearly targeted, ostracized, and fired for speaking her mind. Those two statements have no connection to each other, since the lawsuit has nothing to do with her being targeted, ostracized and fired, instead (as you say) it's about her being defamed. > Did it make Temple a better place to learn? How can you know that? If you are a journalism professor and are unable to recognise disinformation when you see it (e.g. Seth Rich conspiracy theories) then it calls your job competency into serious question. Yes, the firing would make Temple a better place to learn. There are different levels when it comes to surface level transport. London Heathrow is pretty far outside the city but the Heathrow Express train, while not cheap, gets you to the centre of London in 15 minutes. The same is physically possible at JFK but it’s such a clusterfuck of disconnected authorities that it’ll never happen. Case in point: NYC’s LaGuardia is finally getting an AirTrain and it’ll head away from the city before you get on a train going in the right direction. Baffling. > When cities grew before airports and so the underground is already full of subways and infrastructure, it can be prohibitively expensive to build a new fast tunnel to downtown. I would say London is a clear counter argument to this. There was no need for a new underground tunnel, the Heathrow Express uses existing train track, just prioritised in such a way that it gets to the centre of the city in 15 minutes. > Actually, I'm surprised the Olympics themselves don't have a direct subscription for streaming the entire event NBC (and other networks around the world) pay incredible amounts of money for those rights. And the arrangement makes sense for both parties: NBC can use it to boost viewing figures of their own shows in a way the Olympics couldn't/wouldn't. And they have surfaces to advertise coverage that the Olympics doesn't, or would have to go to considerable lengths to get. So it's a value multiplier for the Olympics to sell it rather than handle it themselves. In the words of the (NBC) TV Show 30 Rock: "You can't fight synergy, Lemon. It's bigger than all of us" Perhaps only partially related to what you're saying but human babies are born with some innate reflexes: https://www.stanfordchildrens.org/en/topic/default?id=newbor... Perhaps the most relevant to this discussion is the "stepping" reflex. It isn't really stepping but if placed in a standing-like position babies will often raise one foot, put it down, then the other. The most interesting part to me is that this reflex stops by two months. Makes me wonder if it's an evolutionary leftover from our days as monkeys or something like that. It's all so fascinating. You’re talking as if the W3C or even Mozilla don’t exist. This isn’t an Apple vs Google thing. This is an Apple vs web standards thing. That’s why Safari is outdated for developers. You’re talking as if it’s an either/or situation. For a company the size of Apple it definitely isn’t. They could fix long-standing bugs, implement web standards others have had for years and improve security, privacy and battery life. They just don’t. In what way can PWAs be abused? I feel like Web USB and Web MIDI always come up in conversations like these and I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone that cares too deeply about either. Don’t get me wrong, I know there’s a market for them, but in the context of this conversation they just feel like diversions. When I talk about Apple dedicating resources to Safari I mean that IndexedDB was broken for years . And was broken again just last month: https://www.theregister.com/2021/06/16/apple_safari_indexedd... This isn’t engineering that priotisises battery life. This is flat out neglect. Aren’t there unit tests for these kind of things pre-release? I don’t want to be able to interface with a MIDI keyboard on my site, I just want to be able to store data reliably. > The Web Workers API allows your JS code to keep running in the background even when your site is not loaded in any tab. How? Because last I checked Web Workers are only active when there is an active tab. Service Workers live a little longer than that but only around 30 seconds or so last time I looked in Chrome (and that’s an implementation detail, not something in the spec), unless the user has enabled push events and you send one. The level of profit Apple achieves every year is public, not insider knowledge. They could very obviously hire some more engineers to work on WebKit without bankrupting themselves. > It’s actually and Apple vs. APIs and technologies that allow fingerprinting on the web thing. Of course it isn’t. Apple had longstanding (years long) bugs with IndexedDB. Their PWA implementation has been buggy from day one. They don’t implement push because it threatens their native app ecosystem, not because of privacy concerns. Yes, there are some APIs with privacy concerns. But that’s a small part of the story of Apple’s neglect. And if we’re talking about iOS browsers, Google doesn’t functionally exist. That space is just Safari. …hence why people complain about Apple’s neglect. > abominations like slack - which hides streams of conversation behind a wall, making the UX terrible. I'm not usually a defender of Slack but this is one of the things I _like_ about Slack threads. Typically in our rooms every discussion is a thread and if I'm not concerned with that particular discussion there's only ever one message and notification I need to dismiss. If I _am_ concerned with it I can opt in to reply notifications with two clicks. The allegations against Jackson surfaced while he was still very famous so you could argue it’s already been “priced in”, for want of a better phrase. The thing that gets me about “virtue signalling” is this built-in assumption that no one does anything earnestly, and that every action is performed according to how it’ll be received. I just don’t believe that’s how the vast majority of people live their lives. OP did what they did because the status quo made them uncomfortable. People don’t have to be soldiers in a mythical cultural war, sometimes they’re just people. Whenever anyone invokes “virtual signalling” I think they’re inadvertently explaining a lot more of their own world view than they are anyone else’s. > do they just think that everyone else is so easily manipulated, but somehow they're above the fray? Based on my own anecdotal evidence, it’s exactly this. The people that went down the rabbit hole of QAnon on YouTube are, in their mind, the informed ones. They’re the ones that went out of their way to do the research and the rest of us are just lemmings. Thus, spending hours staring at an algorithmically generated video feed is actually a positive attribute rather than the obviously negative one the rest of us see. If you were going to check for this and didn’t immediately reach for location.host rather than location.href then it might be time to read some API docs. > I honestly don’t know why you’d want to not use it It’s big and it’s slow when compared to other frameworks and particularly when compared to no framework at all. I think the important takeaway is that there is no single answer here: different sites have different needs. If you’re making a highly interactive site people will sit on for a long time (say, Gmail) then React’s downsides will matter very little. But if you’re making a “one and done” single page, or a site where the vast majority of the page is static content (e.g. a blog) React is wasteful: a wasteful addition to the page download size and a wasteful process of serialising prop data and hydrating a bunch of components that never see their content change once. It doesn’t matter a whole lot on a desktop machine but try profiling on a low powered Android device, the Chrome performance burndown chart is sobering reading. Even on the server, too… I’ve run into issues before now running React SSR on high traffic web sites. When making a highly interactive web app a framework like Svelte is smaller, performs better and is a joy to use (a matter of opinion of course). At the very least I’d ask “why not Preact?” when starting a project: it does 90% of what React does at a tiny fraction of the size. That Facebook hasn’t made any meaningful progress in shrinking React shows that it isn’t really a priority for them. I don’t know about ten years ago, twenty maybe. But the internet of today is not the internet of then. Back then someone could have created an offensive blog and it wouldn’t have been taken down. But people would have to link to it, seek it out. Now we have social media sites algorithmically pushing content in our faces, IMO it’s only fair that they’re asked to consider what they’re pushing when they do it. Agreed. I run macOS and Windows via Bootcamp and Windows 10 feels snappier than macOS most days. The same might not be said for a new laptop loaded down with junkware, mind. > the Maricopa County Board of Supervisors responded to the subpoena with a letter stating they have already provided much of what has been asked of them in subpoenas filed at the beginning of this year and late last year. > They also stated that some of the materials that have been requested are in the custody of the recorder's office, which was not named in the subpoena, according to the Republic. > "Specifically, providing these routers puts sensitive, confidential data belonging to Maricopa County citizens - including Social Security numbers and protected health information - at risk," Thomas Liddy, civil division chief for the county attorney's office, wrote. None of this seems unreasonable to me. An aside, but I'd think a tech forum like HN would be interested in a more critical examination of the conspiracy theory around internet routers containing proof of electoral fraud. Every angle I've read on it sounds like utter nonsense. Let's not pretend it's anything other than a fishing expedition aimed at sowing doubt in voters minds. Can we cut it out with the "your guy" stuff? A baseless conspiracy theory is a baseless conspiracy theory no matter which political candidate you support. In this instance there is no evidence that any law has been broken. Requesting the routers is a fishing expedition based on zero evidence. The equipment has already been tested and proven to not be connected to the internet, if they turn over the routers then "stop the steal" activists will say the hacks are actually hidden in the ethernet cables, or something. This is not an investigation based on facts, it is an attempt to confuse and sow doubt. Having the router connected to the internet might be against the law, but refusing a request to turn over routers is not a violation of the law. No, the article states they are not. I've seen this objection a few times and I'm really not sure why anyone that had COVID would be all that fussed about getting the shot. We don't know how long antibodies from having already contracted it last for, so why not get the vaccine? > And literally anyone who wants a vaccine can get one. Literally not true. Kids under 12 are not able to be vaccinated, which puts a limit on the activities they and their families can do. If they're able to know that everyone inside a restaurant is vaccinated they'll be more likely to visit. > It might well lead to anger and violence (as similar moves have across Europe). Not really. There were some minor protests and then an untick in vaccination rate. As someone living in NYC right now I really can't see this being met with violence. Sure, other kids are a risk, as they always are. Everything is a risk evaluation, even with a vaccine mandate if the restaurant has two kids at every table with little space between them then it might not be a good idea to go in. Doesn't invalidate the fact that it would be better if all the adults are vaccinated. > the most fearful 5% of people can force it upon their children and stop holding the rest of the world hostage To be clear, as a parent, it's not because I'm fearful, it's because a positive COVID test from any child in my kid's school means that it shuts down for two weeks, completely messing up our lives, jobs etc. I'm not going to defend that policy for a second as I don't think it's a good idea either, but it's what we're dealing with day in, day out. We're not hysterical fearmongers. > and that computers store data in binary digits I know that computers store data in binary digits but it has absolutely no impact on how I do my job. I'm vaguely aware of how bitwise operators work but have never had to use them in my work, only in random hacky side projects. > like being an architect who doesn't understand trigonometry or something I'd equate it with a an architect that doesn't know where the brick supplier they are working with sources their bricks from. It's absolute essential to the project, nothing is going to get built without the bricks. But the architect can still plan the use of those bricks and the project can be entirely successful without them needing that knowledge. I went down this road for a long time and eventually realised I was gaining very little from it and picking up a bunch of downsides. Obviously everyone’s experience is different because we’re all doing different things but I mostly work with Rust and Node, I use Postgres.app as a local dev database and just run the code natively, sometimes Node via nvm when I care about specific runtime versions. It works great. It performs better then any Docker-based solution (I’m on a Mac) and doesn’t leave me with a bunch of weird dangling images/containers/whatever taking up resources. I still like the idea of using the same Docker environment in dev that I use in production but in reality I just don’t need it. Not the OP but I never found a good GUI for SQLite. Postico is a fantastic GUI for Postgres. I’ll admit it’s been a very long time since I’ve looked, though. > imagine the outrage if someone had made “X for white people”. There’d be riots in streets. The difference between majority and minority is surely not that difficult to comprehend from outside the US? I can't help but feel like everyone commenting here read the headline, brushed straight past the lengthy explanation and went directly to outrage in the comment box. This is a streaming service set up to elevate content by black creators, to make up for the fact that the mainstream media under-represents those people. I'm struggling to see the outrage on a cultural level and on a startup level I can absolutely imagine there is a market for this. I'm going to guess that "Netflix for black people" is not going to be the tagline the business will advertise itself on, it was chosen by an early-stage startup to catch your eye and make you think about the ways in which Netflix does not serve black people. I don't know what country you're from but if you don't think there are subcultures in your country under-represented by the dominant media I'd assert you're almost definitely wrong. Perhaps it feels a little strange from the outside that such a subculture is definitively "black" but yeah, that's basically how things are in the US. The country has a deep history of racism and black people being literal slaves, in that context it isn't surprising that a distinct culture developed. But I don't think the divide is anywhere near as insane as you're imagining. People don't just belong to one culture and ignore any external infulence. Black, white, Hispanic, Asian, etc. people all watch the NBA, NFL, watch Marvel superhero movies, so on and so forth. It's just that everyone also has additional niches. I'm sympathetic to that viewpoint but as the sibling comment pointed out, America is 76.3% white. If the push is "remove all the divisions, everyone is part of one group" then the interests of the majority within that group will dominate. > It's not "Water Fountains for Black People". It's "Water Fountain - White People Not Welcome" That's entirely your own interpretation and you might want to consider why you think this way. There is nothing stopping a white person from subscribing to "Netflix for black people" if they think the content may be of interest to them. But what would the justification be for setting up such a league? "Netflix for black people" is a representation of cultural differences and seeing those differences reflected on screen. "NBA for white people" would just be... excluding non-white people. White and black basketball players aren't different physically (on average) nor do they typically have different playing styles. There isn't really a lot of justification in such a division, hence why it would result in a firestorm. > What does a Nigerian have in common with a Jamaican, apart from the melatonin in their skin? Why would they have similar tastes in media? They don't necessarily. Not speaking for the BlackOakTV folks here but I don't think this is trying to target all black people. The US is somewhat unique in having a large population that was ripped from their respective home countries and forced to create their own shared culture under the thumb of slavery. Someone that immigrated from Nigeria in the last decade doesn't have that same experience. Being installed as default on every device. Signal is awesome but I don’t know many people that use it. Right now I can SMS absolutely everyone I have a phone number for, no other service can say that. RCS is aiming to become the new SMS. I had the exact same experience. I don’t want to care about the app UI etc but when you use a password manager as often as you do it really matters. Not to mention selling the idea to less tech-savvy family members, it really does have to be as simple as can be. The mobile apps were the primary problem for me. Regrettably it was long enough ago that I can’t remember all the details but I’m pretty sure at the time it didn’t support TouchID for one. There is no way that being a game developer does not sound interesting and complex. I say this as someone that doesn’t even play many games! But it’s something almost everyone has a point of reference for and has (hopefully?) enjoyed at some point in the past. A fascinating read. I remember many years ago listening to Take Me Out by Franz Ferdinand for the first time and being absolutely taken aback by the total shift it took a minute or so into the song. I wonder if that was one of those moments the article describes. https://youtu.be/Ijk4j-r7qPA Seems like a great way to give every site a multiple MB dependency. There are Android keyboards that replicate it. I tried a few but for whatever reason they still couldn't replicate the experience. I suspect it's the lack of hard buttons - I could type out an entire message without looking at the screen with a T9 keypad. I've ended up switching to a swipe keyboard which I find efficient but it in an entirely different way to T9. “Iraq is a very wealthy country. Enormous oil reserves. They can finance, largely finance the reconstruction of their own country. And I have no doubt that they will.” Richard Perle, chair The Pentagon’s Defense Policy Board July 11, 2002 https://www.thenation.com/article/archive/who-said-war-would... "Iraq remains a destabilising influence to... the flow of oil to international markets from the Middle East. Saddam Hussein has also demonstrated a willingness to threaten to use the oil weapon and to use his own export programme to manipulate oil markets. This would display his personal power, enhance his image as a pan-Arab leader... and pressure others for a lifting of economic sanctions against his regime. The United States should conduct an immediate policy review toward Iraq including military, energy, economic and political/diplomatic assessments. The United States should then develop an integrated strategy with key allies in Europe and Asia, and with key countries in the Middle East, to restate goals with respect to Iraqi policy and to restore a cohesive coalition of key allies." https://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2014/m... I've added a second quote that more directly addresses the question. But even the first one clearly points to the role of oil in deciding the invasion: there's no need to price the thing out because Iraq has more than enough oil to pay for any and all reconstruction itself. Of course that's going to be a factor in any invasion decision. In any case, further quote from the second one: > To this end, as Whitehall documents obtained by the Independent show, the US and British sought to privatise Iraqi oil production with a view to allow foreign companies to takeover. Minutes of a meeting held on 12 May 2003 said: "The future shape of the Iraqi industry will affect oil markets, and the functioning of Opec, in both of which we have a vital interest." > A "desirable" outcome for Iraqi's crippled oil industry, officials concluded, is: "... an oil sector open and attractive to foreign investment, with appropriate arrangements for the exploitation of new fields." https://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2014/m... I’ve used Leaflet a ton and love it. But I recently tried using it with a vector-based render method (as opposed to the rastered tiles Leaflet uses by default) and couldn’t find anything that worked anywhere near as easily and simply as Leaflet’s standard rendering. I don’t blame the Leaflet folks for this really, rendering map data locally via WebGL is not a simple task. But it’s been depressing to see folks like MapBox close off their vector-based library (and Google’s isn’t open either). There’s an open source of Mapbox’s library but it still feels like the open source world is being left out in the cold compared to how things were just a few years ago. > in this particular case huge companies did make changes on the basis of this newspaper column Well, they made changes based on the popular reaction to a newspaper column. I’m not sure why you’d point fingers at the column when the obvious reality is that it simply reflects societal norms. Let's look at this from the reverse angle: Did PornHub have revenge porn, child trafficking, etc. on the site? Yes. The twitter thread concedes this point. So this isn't "just a hit piece with unverified out of context accusations". Is that fair game to report on? I'd certainly say it is. If you're going to publish a potentially explosive article about something, is it better or worse to reach out to sponsors, partners etc proactively to get their reaction in the published piece, or should you surprise them with it? IMO the former makes sense. To suggest that these sponsors would somehow not be at all affected if a reporter didn't call them up doesn't match with reality at all. We've seen too many viral boycotts to count at this point. > They've done this numerous times not even giving those accused to respond Well, how long is long enough? If you were required to wait for someone to respond before publishing it would be a fantastic stalling tactic, wouldn't it? You could just keep putting it off and off. The problem here, IMO, is twofold: there is a payment processing duopoly, and societal mores are still very puritanical. These are the cause of the problem, not the article. Yes, Kristof wrote an article that resonated with those two factors but what's the alternative, not publish controversial stories that might have a negative effect? This all seems extremely hand-wavey to me. > the bit about related suggestions sort of implies to a non-techie that Pornhub employees are generating these suggestions They are, in a sense. They're not actively doing it in person but the code they wrote is generating those suggestions. Changing the code is within their power, yet they don't. If the code processing payments accidentally started charging everyone $0 you can bet it would get fixed pretty quickly. Why not fix the code that suggests rape videos? > The reality isn't an evil mustache-twirling Pornhub employee sitting at a desk and brainstorming "Ah yes, if they searched for ‘Young Asian’ they probably want to search for 'young tiny teen. The reality is an algorithm detecting patterns in user searches, and some of those users are sick people, and there's basically no level of human moderation of videos or search terms happening at the scale of usage Pornhub gets. "We created a feature that can be actively harmful, but there's no way for us to moderate it. Oh well!". Wouldn't it be better to just... not have that feature? Why isn't it an option to just turn it off? I don’t understand the point… journalists shouldn’t report on child trafficking content unless they catalogue every instance of child trafficking content on the internet? So it being difficult is enough to absolve the company of responsibility? Feels like a great case study in confirmation bias: you only looked at the topics that ended up being successful. How many tech trends did Hacker News hype up only to have them go nowhere? Without that info we don’t really know what HN’s success rate is. > I'm curious what all the folks who claimed this was decades away are thinking? What is the "this" you're talking about here? I don't think there were many skeptics out there saying that it'll be decades before a taxi service will be able to launch a small, manned trial in a single municipality. Given that it's manned it still isn't quite at Level 4. The cynicism (and I'd consider myself a mild cynic I guess) was and is around the notion that the vast majority of us would be sat in self-driving cars by now. That was always wildly optimistic. We're making progress and that's great! But there were a lot of breathless predictions years back that have not come to fruition. > SF is a real nightmare to drive. Yes and no. The weather conditions are probably close to perfect for a project like this. A city that spends months with icy roads... _that_ would be the real nightmare. I'm guessing that's the calculation they've made: that they'll be able to retain more business this way than they would if they went bitcoin-only. I forget the exact phrasing but adult content is not banned, just outright porn. So there's still a market there, I'm sure. I just have no idea how big. Because it's cheaper, quicker and the vast majority of users are fine with it. I'm not excusing it, I curse Slack every day I have to use their Electron app (though mostly just use it in a browser tab now) but we have this exact same conversation every time anything about Electron is posted on HN. None of the parameters for making the choice have changed since the last time we did. These aren’t developer choices being made. They’re product choices by product managers. I bet there are plenty of JS developers that would be interested in picking up C++ or something like Rust but don’t have the option. > especially because they trigger an initially weak immune response Do you have any citations on that? Because it doesn’t match with my (admittedly rudimentary) understanding of how the vaccine works. I think there's a danger of over-romanticizing a movie we all watched when we were a lot younger than we are today. The first Matrix movie absolutely had a lot of explosions, fight scenes and a futile (within the grand scheme of Matrix lore) goal. If I recall every scene in the "real world" was given a slightly green tint that made it look a little more "off" and sterile. > What nastiness are we subjecting ourselves to today? Maybe an overwrought comparison but I genuinely do feel like we’ll look back on this age of social media and disinformation in the same way we did leaded gas. The people making money knew exactly how dangerous it was and the problems it caused but they did everything in their power to cover it up in the name of profit. Originally it felt like a social annoyance and not much else but in this era of vaccine denialism, election fraud conspiracy theories, even body image issues from touched up photos, there’s little doubt in my mind that society is suffering and that the problem will likely get worse before it gets better. There’s a big gap between “undocumented” and “citizen” though. I’m not familiar enough to know how many healthcare workers are here on a visa (student visa for medical school perhaps?) but in theory any that are could be granted citizenship or permanent residency. > If you teach your kids not to consume drugs, why Instagram should be any different? Imagine if all the other kids at school used drugs on a daily basis, that there was advertising plastered everywhere telling you that drugs are cool, that successful people use drugs and that your worth in this world can be directly tied to successful use of drugs. I don't mean to sound mean here, but are you a parent? If not I suspect you're not really aware of the realities of parenting, particularly once a child becomes teenage. You can only do so much. And you certainly can't win against a multi-billion dollar enterprise determined to make your rebellion-inclined teenager do something. > I don't blame Facebook (or Twitter, or any particular company) for this. Perhaps I would agree with you that I don't blame Facebook for the root problem here. After all, it's been around a lot longer than Facebook. However, Facebook is actively providing the scale you're talking about. They are an accelerant. Not only that, they're making absolutely wild amounts of money while they do so. So, they have an opportunity and the resources to offset the damage done by the scale they profit from. But they have zero interest in doing so. I most definitely blame them for that. > What a disappointing event: a bunch of iterative updates. Is that not the pattern Apple has followed since the release of the original iPhone? This is an "off" year, the device would have been called the 12S but they stopped that pattern a while back. Something that I've not noticed with previous models: the iPhone 13 costs $30 more if you buy it outright and not tied to a specific operator: https://www.apple.com/shop/buy-iphone/iphone-13 As someone who prefers to buy unlocked whenever I can this kind of rubs me the wrong way, and feels very counter to the feeling when the iPhone first arrived on the market. IMO it’s not much of a mischaracterisation. Apple has always led with features, not tech specs. New features and designs tended to come one year with performance improvements the next. That feels very much iterative to me. > More generally, I'm growing tired of how signaling is usurping rational behavior. In what way is retiring gas-powered vehicles by 2035 not "rational behavior"? Climate change is very real and the deadline is 14 years from now. If anything you could argue that this law isn't rational enough because it doesn't take quick enough action. I get you're being sarcastic here but it's clear that the market hasn't been a total success with EVs. They require much more charging infrastructure before many will consider buying, but the EV infrastructure won't be built until there is demand for it. This is a classic example of where a government can step in to tip the scales and force a desirable outcome. Because climate change is an emergency? Because it sends a stronger signal? Because it's what in line with countries across the world (and California) are already planning? https://www.coltura.org/world-gasoline-phaseouts New York isn't exactly some unique snowflake here. I am very grateful for Home Assistant but I’m in a weird spot with my setup now. I’m running an old version (honestly can’t remember which) in a Docker container and when I tried to upgrade all my integrations stopped working. So I downgraded again and have been sat there ever since. Every now and then it stops responding and I restart the container. There’s a tricky balance between a dumb appliance that doesn’t do what you want and a smart one that requires too much babysitting, and for me HA is just too far towards the latter. Not enough that I’m going to replace it tomorrow but I’ve been looking at Hubitat lately: https://hubitat.com/ More and more I’m liking the idea of a box that runs itself more than HA does. Oh wow, it turns out the QL hardware was reused in the ICL One Per Desk. We had one at home growing up (for some reason?!). Kind of funny to read that it's greatest success was in networking hundreds of bingo halls together across the UK. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_Per_Desk > since it was so hyped and well funded The funding comes from the hype. So all it takes is for the hype to be overblown for the whole thing to fall apart. > And like any serialized TV series, you can't really skip episodes without missing key parts of the story, so once you commit to the show you're on the bandwagon. There’s a flip side to that, though: once someone is off it’s a lot less likely they’ll jump back on (or even jump on in the first place) I count myself in that group. I’ve watched Marvel movies here and there (either Thor Ragnarok or Doctor Strange was the most recent) but at this point I’m turned off from watching more because I know there are numerous plot points I won’t get. And I don’t want to commit a week of my life to catching up. Now don’t get me wrong, clearly Marvel doesn’t need people like me to be an enormous success. But I think it’s a bit of a high wire act that other pretenders to the throne (DC etc) run the risk of failing at. > which is a commercial issue and relatively easy to fix: just force streamers to pay more, or invest in a dedicated "alt-films" service I’d counter and say that neither of those things are particularly easy to achieve. Now that I have kids I rarely find the time to play Civ. But my favourite pre-pandemic guilty pleasure when faced with a long flight was to start up Civ 6 immediately after takeoff and play until landing. An eight hour flight would feel like two hours. Only downside, related to the slowness, is that it's an utter CPU hog, so my Macbook's fans would be straining within ten minutes. Not so comfortable to have on your lap. I am a privacy-conscious person but I really wish these debates could be a little more nuanced. This API is behind a permission prompt that can only be triggered in response to a user gesture, so the bar to entry is high. The example on web.dev is a chat app that would automatically set an active/away status: seems useful! IMO I ought to have the ability to cash in some of my privacy chips (so to speak) on a site that I know and trust and that I want extra functionality from. Relatedly, I feel like Safari is heavy-handed in the opposite direction. For example, it removes all locally stored data from a site if it isn't used within 7 days. There are sites I use less frequently than that where I'd still appreciate the ability to save information, but I don't have a choice. It all but guarantees sites need logins, backend storage etc. just to store simple data, which ends up being just as big a privacy danger! > Every single feature on the web that gets misused has some useful applications too. That's why you have the permission prompt. > This can easily be abused for stalkerish behavior Well, sure. Any away/active status can be used for bad things. Pretty much any form of text communication can, too. We all opt in and out of things according to our level of comfort, like with the permission prompt this API provides. I don't understand what you're saying. It absolutely is behind a permission prompt. If you go to the demo site: https://idle-detection.glitch.me/ and click "ephemeral", it shows a prompt next to the address bar saying "idle-detection.glitch.me wants to know when you're actively using this device" and has buttons for "block" and "allow". So I don't know how "it really isn't" could be true in this case. Why not debate the API that’s in front of us rather than make up excessive imaginary ones? (besides, payment APIs are already able to request your contact information in order to bill you and ship things to you. And guess what: pretty useful!) Seems inarguable to me that JavaScript is much more widely known and adopted than Lua. So it makes sense to use JS in 'toy' like environments where someone is learning an embedded platform. FWIW my (Intel) MacBook does the same. Sometimes it just doesn't go to sleep when I close the lid and it's not clear why, so I have to listen for the fans. So dumb. > Browsers would cache parsed javascript. First load is important for any public facing site. A 7-10s delay on first load means you’ve lost the game no matter what happens on a second load, because there often won’t be one. > more likely loading images will be slower True, but images do not block interaction with your site. In most SPA situations JS will. Yeah, online shops is a big one that comes to mind. But it’s more connected to this unnecessary proliferation of SPA sites that have no business being set up that way. Some news sites are like that, for example. What about when it’s dark? That’s hardly surprising. Running an ad campaign of “a great place to store all your illegal downloads” doesn’t seem like a wise strategy. The core problem is that Plex is a business, with investors. Depending on pirated content is not a good model for business success, so they’re trying to pivot. IMO Jellyfin has it right: a non profit, open source solution. I do kind of love the idea of Git using ASTs instead of source code. It makes a ton of sense. Even just in the immediate term I wish I could make Git(hub) tabs/2 spaces/4 spaces/whatever agnostic. Seems crazy to me that in 2021 we still have to make opinionated choices across orgs about what to use... why can't we pull the code down, view it in whatever setup we want, then commit a normalized version? [whispers] this is actually something tabs allow you to do natively by setting custom tab widths in text editors but I've given up trying to sell people on tabs at this point and just want to be able to do my own thing The problem here is not input, it’s output. Apple’s web backend is spitting out strings without escaping them to HTML, which is a real novice error at this point in the web’s evolution. Sanitising inputs in browsers would be a nightmare of never ending complication. Time for repeat showing of the free speech debate we’ve already had a dozen times, whoopee! As ever, IMO, the problem isn’t the hosting or the banning, it’s the algorithms. I don’t care whether YouTube hosts anti-vaccine activists, I care that they actively promote anti-vaccine content to users simply because it’s proven to get clicks and earn them money. Bans like this look incredibly stupid when you realise YouTube itself is responsible for this disinformation getting so much traction. I feel like this always gets brought up, as if the slippery slope is a natural inevitability. What if it isn’t? What if you can ban actively harmful content without that ban spreading? IMO one of the reasons these debates go back and forth forever is because it’s impossible to come up hard and fast rules that cover every scenario. Maybe a poorly thought out analogy but think about cars. There are a ton of car accidents every year, a good number of which result in death. But we don’t ban cars because they’re essential for the way many people live. But if 50% of all car journeys resulted in accidents? Maybe we’d be having a different conversation. But those are all obviously, patently absurd. You’re proving my point. The slippery slope argument immediately descends into hysteria and pretends like people aren’t capable of understanding context. > A study shows the vaccine accumulating in the ovaries - False > This theory comes from a misreading of a study submitted to the Japanese regulator. The study involved giving rats a much higher dose of vaccine than that given to humans (1,333 times higher). > Only 0.1% of the total dose ended up in the animals' ovaries, 48 hours after injection. Far more - 53% after one hour and 25% after 48 hours - was found at the injection site (in humans, usually the arm). The next most common place was the liver (16% after 48 hours), which helps get rid of waste products from the blood. > And those promoting this claim cherry-picked a figure which actually referred to the concentration of fat found in the ovaries. https://www.bbc.com/news/health-57552527 "Anecdotally I've heard many pregnancies ended from the shot." No you haven't. You've heard of pregnancies ending in people that happen to also have been vaccinated but you have no proof connecting the two. The reality is that a lot more pregnancies fail than anyone cares to admit in public because couples tend to be private it about it. This is nothing new. It's heartbreaking for everyone that experiences it and anti-vaxxers latching onto it to serve their agenda is incredibly sad. You're embarrassing yourself now and you've proving the point about utter hysteria. > the government is mandating the injection of untested corporate concoctions They've been tested. Thoroughly. The results of those tests are public. And what's with the "corporate" scare word, there? Am I suppose to want my vaccine to have been brewed up by my neighbor or my local mom and pop drug store? > you have been under prison lockdown home confinement for essentially 18 months now No I haven't. No-one has. The lockdown lasted longer than two weeks but it finished last summer. Since then I've been shopping, eating at restaurants (usually outdoors, but indoors is available) and seeing friends. My children are at school, many people are back in their offices. > they will come for you too one day, they always do once you have outlived your usefulness. I'm going to go ahead and quote yourself back to you: you seem to have lost all ability to objectively see what is going on. But yeah, yeah, I know. We're all idiot sheep, you're the only one with the 20:20 vision to see what the rest of us idiots don't. It couldn't possibly be that we're all informed and came to a different conclusion to you. Nope, not possible.