Same experience with me. I have mostly only consulted with large companies. There are some companies that insist on solid code and design. There are others that just live from quarter to quarter and the whims of the CEO and just throw out whatever is done at the end of the quarter. Having a great lawyer team chomping at the bit for litigation helps their confidence in living from quarter to quarter. I have my fingers crossed for snap packages. I've only installed the spotify 'snap' and it works flawlessly. I haven't mucked about with any other packages yet I sort of agree. I wouldn't use linux except for programming tasks unless the major distros like fedora and ubuntu had everything that I needed for the most part. Most people can't compile code and go off and figure out library issues if the build goes belly up. I've used linux desktop for years and it has always been stabble for me I haven't tried apple. My desktop stays up for weeks. You are the real MVP. Carry on. Wait... everyone in America isn't a WASP from Iowa? Same. I couldn't handle all the blood and people dying left and right every day. It wasn't from your perspective, it was clearly the opinion of the author who never claimed it was universal. You get paid based on demand, not on artistic ability. You could be the best scientist in the world with 4 degrees and if there was demand for your degrees, you'd be no better off than the sculpture working out of his basement when he got home from his barista job. It's a numbers game. I choose bacon. If it was "increases your chance 4X" then they might have had me, but 0.18% over an already small chance.... meh. Very badly written article. Once excerpt "The WHO advised that consuming 50g of processed meat a day – equivalent to just a couple of rashers of bacon or one hotdog – would raise the risk of getting bowel cancer by 18% over a lifetime. (Eating larger amounts raises your risk more.) Learning that your own risk of cancer has increased from something like 5% to something like 6% may not be frightening enough to put you off bacon sandwiches for ever." That math is terrible. It's 5% for cancer, not bowel cancer. The author has an extremely poor grasp on numbers, and is clearly trying to elevate the scare factor. It's probably more dangerous to drive to work for an extra couple of months of your life than it is to eat bacon. I just hope we can even find a xeno microbe to put another nail in the coffin of organized religion. Fun maybe, but it's not really practical. I don't know why people don't use signal more. It's a much better thought out tool. Eh they should have stayed private. Private companies have more control over their future. Public companies move to a quarter by quarter cycle and innovation goes at a snail's pace as marketing and bean counters take over. Unfortunately courts don't pay attention to your opinion. They only pay attention to grumpy old codgers who don't really understand technology or innovation. They only understand precendents or long ago useless decisions of previous courts and the pragmatism of someone raised on thoughts on computers and ideas of fairness from the 1950s. I bet if one looks hard enough he would find links between these judges and moneyed interests tracing back to Oracle. Good luck with those ping times if you're a gamer. We don't care. Have a good life. Bureaucracy is often the result of hysteria. The USA is hysterical over terrorism when it should be hysterical over cancer, college cost increases, and health care. It's all a product of the government realizing that it's easy to fool the bleating masses with terrorist straw men. Cronometer and Carb manager are better Lots of people I know in Kentucky eat them as well. It seems that if you can just blacklist coins, and since eventually bitcoin will be all mined out (for all practical purposes) that eventually all bitcoins would become tainted since humanity will always have crime and money laundering. Am I missing something here? I'm sure gold was used for all sorts of nefarious uses but nothing stops that "bad gold" from going back into the gold monetary system. This just seems like a bad idea all the way around. This is why for those 'special' videos one should always just use a handheld camera and not their cell phone. But the public will never learn. It is best to never have any Chinese company store your data. They are by law (and under severe penalties) required to make all data in their possession available to government officials at any time that it is requested. Dictatorships are like that. Facebook is burning. Lol. They suffer a minor setback and they're "burning". Right now there is not much of alternative to facebook, it will be just fine. Yet another reason not everything needs to be connected all the time. I don't need my fridge reminding me to get eggs or that the milk is out of date. Those things are readily apparent. Don't worry about it, some people want everything for free, if they want to cite you they should plan that the internet is temporary and there is no guarantee that content will be there in the next 15 minutes let alone a few years. Keep deleting your stuff and don't worry about the people who think you should do this or do that with the way you handle your internets. Everyone has had security problem since I started in the industry 25 years ago. -everybody- Exactly, you can be a programmer and be a capitalist too. May the best paradigm or hybrid of the various paradigms win. Meh, I've known cops retiring at 55 they are in better shape than your typical 55 year old programmer, same with other blue collar workers. They may not be able to run down a 25 year old perp but physically they are above average. This is why I treat IM at work the same as email. I show up as unavailable and check a few times a day. If someone really needs me instantly they can come to my cube. They also have to pay back the people they snookered all their money plus interest. That's been stated in the articles that I've ready about the matter. You're wrong, in addition to the fine paid to the Feds, they also have to pay back the people they lied to along with interest. It's like putting a cover on a book that is related to the matter in the book, to keep you reading because you may start getting bored, so they pull out a sound byte. Pretty obvious. lol I read that as "AVI support" and thought you were being sarcastic :) If that is true what happens when all the bitcoins are basically mined out? That doesn't seem to jive. Use waze, it works better anyway and basically uses the same info backend as google maps I wouldn't mind them using aggregate anonymous information, but they don't need to know my every move, so I turn off google everything and use alternatives. use startpage.com google search without the tracking checkout startpage and searx as well. better results than DDG can i just use "me@gmail.com" rather than some company name? I'd really just be paying for the knowledge that google isn't plowing through my data and sending it to 3rd parties. My company name is already associated with another host provider. try 1 cent. Android does not leak like a sieve. All you have to do is not use Google services. There are plenty of others if you're willing to pay a little bit. Or pay for GSuite and they turn the tracking off. Nothing in this world is free except a mother's love. You have to at least give him credit, he didn't use a car metaphor. So what is your solution? Marxism? Communism? Anarchy? Honest questions why would you need a blockchain for this? I can understand for money transactions/contractual signing but for Facebook? Does anyone really care that there is a ledger for Facebook? I predict they want to ad advertising but won't break the encryption for snooping purposes. If they hook it to the FB account they can just use the ad preferences that their AI picks out from FB interactions. Even if not everyone has FB account, a majority probably do. I don't think it gets personalized unless you "login" to the your firefox account. But the beauty of mastodon is you can go find a conservative group to talk on if you don't like the one that banned you. Or even start your own. Definitely aliens, this is a cover up Yep 11 days to get a janitor -- definitely a "Roswell" incident here ;) Alex Jones is on it! Nothing in space in usual or "safe". There is always a relatively large chance that you can end up in a fireball relative to say getting on an airplane or driving to work. I wouldn't ever take space for granted at this point. Without heroes the public will turn against it and not give a damn about robots and computers. I think we need manned space programs to keep the momentum going. Otherwise everyone will be like "why are we in space when the homeless don't have homes". I know it's stupid logic but that the way the masses think quite often. so you better not have that last gallon of ben and jerry's before you take off for your 6 month space station stint. I can't personally because 8 inches down is solid rock. To remove all that rock would cost a fortune to get down to 6feet. Thank you so much for open sourcing the whole thing! modern c++ provides fixes for everything he mentions in the article without completely swapping out all the experience gained from decades of existence. People just aren't using it enough. It's all there. Depends on where you work. Some of us aren't in academia. I simply refactor in modern c++ wherever I can and use "nothing but" whenever we start a new project. You get awesome ideas, and then reality kicks in. I agree this is the market correction I've been waiting on. yeah just volatility in a relatively new market, I expect 10,000 by February You mean the fact that it can be split ad infinitum and new bit coin like currencies with much better properties can be had at the drop of a hat by any dude or dudette in his-her den? Shipping (boats onna water) aren't the 90% problem to solve, that is all on land. You solve that before you worry about the other 10% Now if we would only take on smart modern nuclear reactors, but I'm afraid the greenies in the USA will keep killing that and eventually we'll be buying advanced modular nuclear power from the Chinese in about 10 years. It's far more about politics than it is oil. If we lose Saudia Arabia to China/Russia the US influence in the middle east will be nil and then there will be 0% chance of democracy, just more more Dictatorship. Why would Saudi Arabia be any different than Russia or China (who we trade with (minus the Trump idiocy) without compunction) we don't comment on their murder of journalists or their dictatorships? Saudi Arabia is our only big ally in the region, why do you want to cut off all ties to them? It won't change anything and will just hurt us in the long run. If anything the military side of things is far more advantageous to us than the oil. They are the major counter balance to the theocracy in Iran that would like to unbalance the entire region and establish an Iranian born caliphate. Some AI laughed at your email, put a +1 on a category threshold counter and then deleted it. I hope you didn't put too much effort into it. Why not? Just keep a backup like any sane individual. actually not having logs is a great thing for legal reasons. If you are in the USA you are not required to keep logs for a service like this so I would not keep logs if I were you so that you don't get tied up with legal issues. At worst they make you shut down your service. Actually the article is on point because IBM was king of the hill at one point, but isn't really all that competitive or innovative any more. MS has shown it has an ability to change direction. It's not going overboard. I've heard more than one person refer to it as Darwin at work or "they deserved it for being weak" I think the whole point is that the Chinese government will buy (if allowed) or steal the IP (if not allowed) without compunction or care about agreements. China could take over Taiwan in a month or less if they really wanted to though, so I wouldn't count on that being an obstacle if China and the USA get into a real war Same in the companies I've contracted for, not really that many east Asians, almost all American and Indians It's mostly about catching up so that there's an equal playing field. Sounds legit. I would like to keep one for a pet but they only live a few years. Been through that with a rat, won't do it again; even kits and pups only last 15 years or so. too soon I have read about a problem on some mac laptops where turning off the hardware acceleration for rendering leads to significant increases in responsiveness. Turn that off under settings and see what happens. It's a good thing that you don't run the world then :) . I prefer choice to dictatorships. I certainly don't want google to be my dictator because lazy developers want it easy :). It's great that you don't own a car. Cars are a part of modern day life. Some of us don't want to go without one though. The non-car owners will just have to deal with it. All the cars are in legal spaces. I don't even really have a problem with the scooters either, they're kind of fun to tool around on the weekend when I park my car somewhere downtown and want to run around and experience the city. They are completely orthogonal. Social good is the "quality" of being good for society. Political correctness is almost always a complete waste of time for any society. It is a dead obvious strategy in light of recent political correctness driving the dropping of socially unpopular charities/individuals from places like patreon, along with the universality of digital currency. until there is a digital currency that is the only digital currency and not everyone can just make a new digital currency then there won't be any 'real' digital currencies that will stand the test of time. That's why you get a buyer's agent who has fiduciary responsibility to -you-. They split the typical 6% between themselves and the seller's agent. That's not true in a general sense at all. My agent actively dissuaded me from several houses and pointed out why they were a bad deal. In the end I ended up with a house that I found while driving around a neighborhood I liked. The BA helped me with all the paperwork and made sure I didn't have any issues with the purchase as well. haha definitely reverse caveat emptor :) Yeah they could totally keep it for no more than 2 or 3 months and 99.999% of any problems with "auditing" would also be handled. He knows what's is waiting for him in US prisons. A lifetime of legalized torture I strongly suggest that this is due to being colleges that you can afford if you get in which directly correlates to your parents' incomes, connections, and support which greatly increases your odds to becoming a richer adult. Wouldn't they just cheat with some of the common methods and train some AI with the packet dumps to spot it? I remain a keto advocate but I can understand why vegetarians do what they do and kudos to them for choosing to do it. However, if I have to listen to one more skinny white girl angrily try to convince me that I'm evil because I'm not vegan/vegetarian I might crack and yell back. Why would it go through the same transition as tobacco? There is absolutely nothing good about tobacco. Meat however is nutritious, delicious, and healthy. I do agree with vegans that it is resource intensive compared with veggies. I will be happy to consume lab grown meat or veggie based meats as long as they don't have dangerous carbs and still taste as good as the original. I disagree with you, there are far too many hands in the pot at WHO to take them with anything other than a grain of salt: https://www.cancertodaymag.org/Pages/Winter2018-2019/Carb-Co... I'm counting on greed. We know their business model depends on money from people who at least think they're not selling their traffic info. One bad rumor and evidence that they're selling the info to google and their business is dead. Nah when you hit 50 you're basically just a burned out husk and can't learn anything new, not even your muscles. Love, Silicon Valley I have worked 75 hour weeks but only like a couple times a year, people who say they work that much are usually filling their time with worthless filler. I bet less that 1% of them actually do it. The rest is meetings, web surfing, wasting time on the phone. However business owners can easily do this when profits are down. I'm in this situation. I spend about 30 hours on real development and 10 hours on self improvement (trying new stuff/learning new techniques) . I easily get as much done as my co-workers who go to every meeting and work overtime. Difference is I'm not burned out like the ones who try to look like "company men" by putting in 50 hours a week and attending every little corporate meeting and event that happens. That varies by company. I have worked in Europe and those individuals goofed off just as much as my American compatriots AND had fewer hours. I've had lawyer friends like this. Doing law research can drain the soul after about 40 hours a week. 40 hours is enough for me. It will fuck up your health. Also it will set the precedent that you are okay with working crazy hours for months on end for no additional benefit to yourself. I did it, it took me a couple years to lose the extra weight I gained. Just don't do it, your health ain't worth it. If you're going to do it, then please take an evening off to cook good food for yourself during the week and get at least 7 hours of sleep a night. that type of work is , that's not really a plethora. There are some python scripts that will go through and scrub your contents. Not that it really matters, all the big guys backup reddit everyday for future reference, you're just probably protecting yourself from low level doxers and not state actors. Then again state actors can always go down to the hardware store and buy a $5 dollar wrench or rubber hose and beat it out of you A lot of sci fi seems to have used this to explain why AI didn't take over and weirder technologies evolved. Pretty neat actually. I think the Lynch movie could have done better with better writers and less wooden actors. Some of the scenes cut around like cheap spaghetti westerns. Really bad editing... I think that is their only way to save face is for her to give up. That way they can have someone to blame it on. She's not so stupid as to give in without China's acquiescence. She knows that it means getting disappeared or at best life in prison if she doesn't do what they OK. Anyone who judges an entire University and student body over one faculty member is a abject moron. Having a baby at home is silly given it has a higher mortality rate than in a hospital environment. I think after leaving the hospital have a helping hand is great as is before the birth with the pregnant mom's habits. However the most dangerous time is the actual birth and I would much rather have trained physicians around than a midwife. Hope it sticks. The patriot act that inspired this list is also anathema, I can't wait until it stricken from the law books as well. That's nonsense, no where in the bill of rights does it stipulate "if you pay taxes..." I don't believe that. If you slam on the brakes hard every time you need to slow down a bit you're going to go into a tail spin and die especially at f1 speeds. Something wrong with the safari engine then. No problem on windows or linux for me with firefox and ublock That's only because of Trump and that will fail when he fails to be re-elected in 2020. I don't know why people think this is a trend rather than a local minimum (the Trump minimum?) . Vinyl is 90% nostalgia and 10% logical. Modern recording methods are far superior and have much better fidelity. I much prefer my flacs on amodern high end system Mwhat are you talking about, almost all are released as flacs these days. Superior to CD and tend to have better dynamic range as well. This or direct download, I want the artist to get as much money as possible. The bug companies run off pure breed and don't even give the artist 10% of revenue unless they are in the top 0.0001% who can afford to demand it or walk. I agree to you mostly, but I do have some vinyls if my favorite all time albums. Maybe 50 or so. However the analog priests are wrong about superiority of vinyl both technically and philosophically. However, I do love me some 70s and 80s punk music on vinyl which makes it even a little bit dirtier and less refined Yeah but it's got a bit better over the past decade as more people realized why that certain something was missing You don't understand it then especially with modern 24 bit and up sampling available in flacs and other standards. clipping is almost always going to be worse than dynamic compression except under the worst edge case conditions in 16 bit and above (standard CD limit) Unless you have one of those laser ones then that is physically impossible as there is always wear with each play, even if it is just a minute amount because there is always friction and degradation of the vinyl over time This is also true for books. Although books are actually more fidelic to the author's work unlike vinyl and actually do have a higher quality, comparing text resolutions I don't think that there is any language around that claims that just because it compiles/can be interpreted that is "reliable". Can you point out a single one that guarantees you won't have logic errors? Rust et. al. are good at eliminating very common issues like memory leaks and concurrency, I've never read in the documentation where it said you won't have issues. It is when you count in influence, "the old boys club", prestige, and "being a financial center" . I have no doubt that over the long haul that would be cheap. One more nail in the West's coffin from the point of view of Asia. That 100% assurance that no one can day trade seems a bit, ever seems like a bold declaration. I'm sure there are prodigies that can, but the other 99% of us suck at it over time. Yeah it would have been an opportunity for Obama to shine but alas he didn't. Just the mediocre, status quo President that we elected. In retrospect, I'll take him any time over our current Mango Mussolini. There are lots of us who aren't though. The Russians gave him safe haven and I'm guessing it was the only big country at the time that would do so and challenge US hegemony. As much as I hate them for hacking and influencing our elections I recognize Snowden's decision made logical sense. Any smaller country would have rolled over and turned him over to the US. He wasn't "just trying to damage the NSA", he was trying to get the truth out about surveillance, the fact that the NSA was damaged was tangential and they shouldn't have been spying on US citizens. The NSA and other gov police entities were basically breaking half the dictates and the entire spirit of the US Constitution. Maybe the "US law and order" shouldn't be acting like Stazi all the time and spying on citizens and tracking them without warrants. Everyone who I've personally known do these jobs only do it temporarily just to make ends meet between real jobs. It doesn't matter how shitty the benefits are if you're going to get kicked out on the street because you missed the rent/mortgage payment. Maybe some people do it "for a living" but I bet most are between real opportunities or making some money for Christmas/vacation/etc You can't use the 0.1% cases to justify the 90% who will get wrecked financially because of major surgery, cancer treatment, etc because it's so expensive. Medical treatment shouldn't be a for profit business, there has to be a better way, and other countries have a better system (in the sense of doing the greatest good for the most people, and not just the 0.1%) than we do and we can copy the best of them as we will be doing it from scratch. I think most people who like the SE have small hands, and I don't know why apple would dismiss that market. I have finger sausages so I appreciate the bigger screen and keyboard. I think apple thinks in terms of sheer profit and don't care about people with small hands and small pockets. Little do they know the small hands will pay a premium as well to have an Apple so even that doesn't really make any sense except to bean counters in cubes. I find 5-5.25" as optimal for myself. I don't like the 6" phones (and bigger) Using a phone in hand while biking seems to be a horrible idea unless you're riding on an unpopulated salt flats or something... Yep facebooks algorithm could be totally superceded by "I would like to see .... [ ] only friends [ ] mostly friends, some lists [ ] random [ ] don't care, use your AI/algorithm choose one of the above. I find noscript way to aggressive. I think ublock has a much nicer compromise version. None of the sites that I use that have infinite scroll have a footer worth mentioning. Can you point out a site? That seems more like just bad coding than a problem with infinite scroll. There is nothing intuitive about relativity unless you understand the physics and math behind it. Intuition can only be as good as your knowledge and experience. This would be nice if it were true. Since the top 0.1% have figured out how to own the nation via politics and trying to dumb down the general populace to ignore what they're doing I don't have nearly as much confidence in automation as you do. My local mcdonalds has 3 panels and no cashiers at all except drive thru. People use them all the time and this is BFE Texas. Assistance is available of course, via the people who would normally bring out your order,for people who can't use them properly. Same here. His McD's must have cheaped out. I am very concise with my orders, I know what I want when I pull up. Half the time they still get it wrong. I much prefer touch screens and smart phone apps for ordering. "Dad you're giving $4 for this meal, do not act like you're buying a $25 gourmet burger and hurry TFU" The young peeps like their icons and colors and gifs. Old people are always dying off and young people who turn into old people tend to bring their toys along with them, so I forsee something like slack/discord but OSS taking over in the next 10 years, at least in programming circles. requiring a single commercial entity like github is a really bad idea. Sure it'll be fine for a few years but when github goes belly up or gets bought and the new CEO cuts all extraneous projects, then you're hosed. yep, the mosquitoes serve no discernible value in the population, I saw go ahead and eradicate them. I did this with the Wheel of Time series. I skipped the 5 middle books and had zero problems picking up the last couple and figuring out what was going on and enjoying it instead of burning out midway through the series because there were far too many side quests. Not sure what you mean by "You can't beat the biological functions of what your brain is designed to do" ?? I have played slot machines many times and picked up and walked away when I won a decent amount or when I hit my allocated budget for the night. I find it fun (at least for a little while), but it's hardly overpowering. I don't really see how DoH helps because the IP is still flowing between host and client. What does it matter if they can't see the DNS request? They still see the ip values flying between your computer and TheGreatSatan.us.xxx ? Only a VPN can help here anyway. DoH is good for making sure the IP matches up to the host address because it can verify the IP returned is the one that it is in actually rather than a state actor substitution. Every nation collects dirt on every other nation if they have the manpower and funds to do it. You can be sure there are British and French spies in the USA as well as the obvious Russian and Chinese ones. and Vice Versa as well of course. Maybe they can lay off the cocaine for a few days then? If I were a restaurant owner I wouldn't bat an eyelash at a positive MJ result though. I definitely don't want coke/meth heads though. You don't give any context for what "a load" is to you? 1 garbage bag? A pickup truck? a regular garbage truck? I really took advantage of this haha. A candle that burns twice as bright. I stopped using it as soon as they started adding tons of gimmics and IFTTT qualifiers I saw sooooo many movies :) . Then it fell like the house of cards that it was. They also had faulty tech and faulty promises and turned to regular labs to do the work they couldn't to try and cover up some of it. "Drivers are barely able to make a living". In my unscientific polling of uber drivers the majority are either doing it to pick up some extra money or in between "real" jobs. Few plan on doing it for a living. Your post doesn't cover all the cases where there is no valid reason for this ban on people who did nothing wrong and are just being denied because of the trade war. I'd say it works very well for the communist party. Can't really believe someone is actually supporting the death penalty for minor drug offenses as a good place to start with proving their point. How can you have a free market system where the most expensive items are heart attacks, organ replacements, brain operations and other situations where you often don't have a chance to "shop around"? Unless we have price controls and socialized medicine like other more modern nations, our system will remain a failure. M4A just won't work when half the country is completely against it. A public option as a stepping stone is much more feasible. We also need to stop limiting the number of doctors and nurses artificially. You'll probably get a bill in a few years for 10% of the original amount from a bill collector the debt got sold to. Don't pay that either. They should have made sure your insurance covered it, so the onus is on them. Because most of these stories are extremes. All my friends' pregnancies and major surgeries came with some hefty "residual" bills, but all got negotiated down or tossed. If you stand up to them they'll back off. About 80-90% of America has insurance that is "ok" and will keep you from going bankrupt. It's not as bad overall (big picture) as the anecdotes portray. Don't forget there are 340 million people in the USA (1% is still 3.4 million people, plenty of room there for stories to arise). It still really sucks and we need price controls and public option for insurance though. Also fear of the unknown, leaving your family behind, other countries in general don't like Americans unless you bring a few million dollars with you, other countries seem to have a very high barrier to foreigners working there, etc get in the way. Why is insurance tied to "employers" in Germany? That seems antithetical to the "healthcare for all" that I keep hearing about Germany and other European countries. Why would a private contractor be on their own for health care? Taxes? I mean even as a contractor I still have to pay taxes like everyone else. Or you can just not do free market on something that should be a human right given the capabilities of modern medicine. It shouldn't be left up to market forces to decide who gets help. That kind of makes sense for some things like TVs and laptops but not life and death when for the most expensive items your only choice is life and death. A lot of rural areas tend to vote for their party rather than for what makes sense. It BS to say "nobody is really up for changing this system", the whole dem party is for it. I don't like blanket statements like you're making. Some of us have been fighting this for years. There are 340 million Americans, we aren't all the same. Lol WTF are you talking about? If you diff Chinese and Japanese DNA (typical population) there is a hell of a lot less than if you were to do the same with a European or African genetics. Of course Japanese and Chinese genetics overlap a lot; so of course they're related, but distinct genetic groups. That's not true, there is about 70% support for a public option. This is the kind of pedantry that makes me thankful for the [-] box Yep at a known fixed cost. Corps like knowns and hate unknowns, especially stalwarts like the various big banks. It's kind of like buying stocks rather than shorting stocks. Can you handle the unknown of potentially unlimited losses many times your original "investment" in the venture? It was so beautiful it made him cry. although eye-watering usually means something negative or stinky (like onions or a a particularly putrid fart) Same here never had a problem with my HP laser printers on linux All the agilent test equipment I've worked with is still solid AF. It's sad HP consumer stuff, particularly ink jet printers, is cheap junk. Enterprise stuff is fine though My friends love dollar shave club, and I'm like "buy a safety razor for $20-30 bucks and a bulk pack of razor blades and you will set FOR YEARS. It's both. Two wrongs don't make a right. Why are you supporting the Chinese in this or justifying their attack on Australian sovereignty? I'm not asking for specifics but do you use Haskell at work? Is it in academia? I have worked for several large and small corps and no one has used Haskell. Most use C++, a lot use Go, a few use some rust, but none of them were using Haskell. I met people who use Haskell in their spare time because of their love for CS things, but never in production code. If I was doing windows programming I would definitely write a c# GUI everyday-all day over what's currently available in rust, but still do my business logic in Rust :) . I simply adore the language at this point. Well as long as they present -some- other options I'm fine with it. I always look through the first 2 or 3 pages. Yes it should be. Otherwise the government would have it's grubby hands in every deal, because power begets the desire for more power. Amazon has plenty competition I know. They make Washington politics look practically straight laced and we all know what a den thieves and cut throats it is. You're joking right? Lots of people use twitter. It's not just for tweens anymore. This is as good a way as any to get Apple to take notice and maybe send some bucks their way. It's a half joke/half serious attempt Nobody is going to regularly let you have 45 terabytes of data for free. It's swamping them, especially relative to other users. Leave it alone if you don't need to modify it. If you start needing to modify it a lot start rewriting it in ruby, go, or python at that point. Use set -x at the top of the file to get an idea on what's going on. None of my projects in python suffer from performance issues, because it's fast enough. Albeit I just work in the automation space. I do use C for embedded but only because we just don't have the memory capacity for python to run multiple daemons on my IoT projects, it's not because of performance. Prepare for people to tell you that you're not a real programmer because you aren't using their language of choice. I've fallen in love with Rust lately, but I'm not going to beat you up because you like Python I am the odd duck libertarian who believes we need a minimum income welfare safety net and health care as a right. However, I scoff at giving the government more power in the areas of surveillance and police power. I just do not understand people backing up the government in taking away civil rights and personal freedom in the name of "making us safer". Honestly we are far safer than even as recent as the 90s, let alone the 1890s. People will always find things to clutch their pearls over, and it's all relative. The Patriot Act has done far more damage to our democracy than 9/11 did. It's actually quite sad. It can't be considered Ironic because any idiot can see it's an arrow into the heart of a healthy democracy that is leery of government overreach. I agree there is nothing at all constitutional about them, just like the Patriot Act. You're exactly right. There's a lot of money to be made outside of 3/7/10nm. I'm not sure why geeks get hooked on having the smallest/biggest or nothing and assuming anything else is failure Are the Chinese sending their less astute students there? Most Indian and Chinese students I worked with in engineering college were studious and sharp, which I couldn't say so much for a lot of my American compatriots until the first couple of years of weed out classes made sure only dedicated students made it through. strongly __________ by ? That is rather cynical. On average unions work better for the most people. People on the upper end will not stop contributing or trying, people on the lower end don't matter much anyway. It's the middle that provides most of the advancement. Is something keeping you back from working for USPS IT? Your statement right there is racist as it assumes a general trait across all white men, not just the ones guilty of it. It's the same as saying all black men are bad fathers (because stereotype). Both are hideously racist statements. No but it would get somewhat better. You also need great education, a respect for science (rather than superstition), political stability, and good infrastructure. Right now that doesn't exist, but unionization could help it along. Fewer warlords would also help. I have no problem with H1B visas in the union as long as everyone is working for the same entity, why wouldn't they be welcome. Unions are to be inclusive, not exclusive, there are strength in numbers. Sometimes it's the only way to face down the money grubbing people running a company. Unions are as much about fairness as "more money". People genuinely want better work conditions, better hours, and better benefits just as much as "more money". Running a union costs money, it's as simple as that. I often blow $100 bucks on a night out on the town. I would much rather pay that if I can get better hours, vacation, and negotiating power with the guys who just want to maximize quarterly profits at all social and moral costs. I think your (because it's a bad idea that causes more problems than it solves) needs qualification via "in some cases". It certainly is handy and well used in other applications and speeds up development time as well as prevents various developer bugs. He would be a lot more receptive if you didn't use terms like "ricer" and seemingly demanding changes rather than recommending them. We are overpaying for everything because healthcare should not be a for profit venture the government needs to step in and set a max profit of say 5%. Also we're paying for a lot of bad habits like overeating and not exercising. Lots of preventable diseases go into that mix, I dare say it's the majority of expenditures. There is virtually no governmental or social efforts being put into stopping those preventable diseases. It's not the 5K that does it, it's the $500k for heart surgery that will do it every time. You act like it's 3 trillion on top of what we already pay though. Obviously you and your employer quit paying insurance companies and that money goes toward the government program. Also the richest pay more in taxes on their income and "wealth" instead of being able to hide it overseas and buying up land. They'll have to sell some of that to pay the 2% wealth tax every year so they can't store it away for 10 generations of a dynasty. His attempts to become an authoritarian and being a Russian puppet however are not good for you. I would say that's against every American's interest. Lower taxes or not. By the way 75% of his tax reductions went to the richest 5% and the middle class tax deductions expire in a few years. Due to more gerrymandering I believe he could lose by up to 8 million or so votes and still win because of the electoral college. It's pretty depressing when you think about it. Yeah dude doesn't realize there is the catch all part of independents who make up more registered people than either dem or republican party. Your scenario fails because there's no reason you can't have both. No one forces anyone to install extensions. Apple could make it available to turn off and use a custom extension without much ado. Instead they act like authoritarians. Hint: Those tabs aren't really tabs, they're pretty much just text links, they are not loaded into memory. 99% of them NOT running. If all 500 of those tabs ran in parallel you wouldn't be able to use your phone. When you use the Constitution as a base line as to what it's logical for the government to do, then it's absolutely ridiculous to allow it. The only one who can argue otherwise are lawyers who represent cops/FBI/NSA whose sole purpose is to do the best job they can do, which obviously means no limits on their power. It's up to citizens to vote in law makers who actually represent our interests, the CIA/FBI/cops will only ever stick up for what is in their best interests. That swearing to protect the Constitution is really just a formality and not really applied to their daily activities. There are ways for them to investigate via warrants. That covers all use cases for FBI/CIA/cops. They don't need any other techniques. It's the only logical interpretation of the US constitution to modern electronic communications. Otherwise you become what China is currently. No they won't drop Facebook. They will keep using facebook as long as it's useful to them or the next big thing comes along. 90% of people don't care if the government spies on everything they do. Can you propose an alternative solution? Sure the US pushes propaganda on Russia, but it doesn't go around shooting dissident reporters in the face and throwing them in jail on false charges. There's no reason for them to not give it, as it's an easy item to address. "Something Americans wouldn't even know about", thanks for stereotyping 330 million people. Simply not true. If you realize how the tools use loops you can create useful hardware just as easily as any other construct in a given HDL language. Do you actually think there is a 3D printer market big enough to handle all the plastics that are in drink bottles and such? I bet it isn't even 1/10000 of the actual waste. If you needed the minerals in tap water then I'd be dead because I very rarely drink tap water. Because people use water in their homes and for water to get from the water reservoir to your house requires it to be moving. I don't think I'd work at a place where they think that my glass bottle is a deadly weapon. That sounds like a bad place to work. It's so the silicon valley yuppies can always find a place to park and eff the working poor. These laws are terrible. No it doesn't. That just some health bloggers questionable hypothesis. Just don't drink a 2L of soda a day mmmm kay? that much sugar is more worrisome than phosphoric acid I like the idea of WeWork but my god it's not worth anywhere near what they were trying to IPO for, also their CEO is an idiot. Good riddance. There is no second bubble, just a waxing stage approach. Some of those internet companies were leveraged 1000 to 1 . Not even WeWork or Uber is close to that. There are revenues in even the worst cases unlike back then. So please don't exaggerate. I don't know about other countries but the USA is very very lenient on how companies split up stocks and how they condition them. Especially with LLCs. What the Walton's did is perfectly legal and no one is forcing anyone to purchase the public shares. Walmart is actually doing pretty well. There really isn't much to compare to theranos, as it was based completely on a lie. The only thing in common here is just a crappy CEO. WeWork has a solid premise, it's just highly over-leveraged and over-valued. Well is anyone forcing them to buy the stocks? This is a private matter for company owners and stockholders, we don't need regulations for this. If there is fraud or fake financials reporting then yeah the government comes in. Lol really? Guess what Kevin, building a fast car and not learning how to drive a fast car has consequences. I have a a 650 HP mustang, one of the first things I did was take classes on how to handle high horsepower vehicles. What an idiot. I had a car in storage one time and the tires looked great. I took it in for inspection and the guy was like "sorry man these tires are over 5 years old, I can't pass this". At first I was really mad, and then calmed down and realized that there was probably a reason why, so I went ahead and got new tires. I assure you there there are good machinists out there who will gladly take an 18 year old's money, so he isn't really helping anyone except getting some virtue signaling out of it. Highly doubtful, he probably hit the accelerator in the turn and overdid it. There's no way your pickup out handled a performance car on blacktop. Why would you get a Leaf when you can get a model 3 for a little bit more and get a lot more distance? I have a remissive disease that I've only had a few flare ups in my life, all took a few months to get through and all triggered by highly stressful points in my life. Luckily my docs figured it out and prescribed medicine and I haven't had one since, but there is very much a tie between the immune (and inflammation) system and the mind. I don't think it's as mystical as the hippie crystal pushers claim, but it is most definitely there. I would point out that there are very few sales and marketing folks reading hackernews vs engineers and scientists and coders. Exactly, I've called out a fellow coder on these lame-ass questions before. My technical questions are things we are doing, how do you approach a big software problem, and some fundamental language questions. My co-worker always pulls out these lame zinger questions like google and she and I always give different appraisals almost every time of interviewees. Too many time someone has answered her "zinger" but hadn't the slightly clues about the fundamentals of programming or what we are currently coding for. I agree. One of the best coders I ever met had only used Visual Studio for the past 20 years. He knew the guts of Windows and X86 hardware unlike anyone else I've ever met and he is SORELY missed (retired last year) where I work even we've mostly moved over to Linux based apps. He was also pretty decent at the Linux kernel, but still edited code in his beloved Visual Studio even then :) . So no, vim and emacs do not make you a great programmer. Meh, I spend a lot more time thinking than I do typing. I do prefer Vim keystrokes, but my editor these days is VS Code with vim keystroke extension installed. maybe 30% if it's something similar to what I've done before, and can basically do it from memory. 10-20% otherwise. Meh, I don't really see that much outrage on my feed, just family pics, vacation pics, some memes, news from a few news outlets that I follow. People are way overreacting. yeah I just have a few lists "family" "friends" "bffs" "other" and my feed is pretty clean. People just need to learn how to filter using lists. The problem is that people lack critical thinking and prefer echo chambers to real debate. I'm a bit guilty of it myself but I do not filter my closer friends just because I don't agree with them on social platforms, but I refuse to argue with them online either. I always invite them to a beer if they want to do that. That's one reason I use it. If they switch to nazi DRM I'll drop them. If Disney won't play on Linux meh whatever then on them. I'm sure they won't miss me, and I won't miss them much either. I agree, with the loon no longer in the lead, they have a chance. Maybe it's because Google keeps your previous queries and knows more about what you're looking for unless you wipe previous searches, whereas duckduckgo doesn't do that. It just gives you the standard results resulting in a bimodal results curve. For some people those are perhaps better than a concerted AI attempt from Google. Just a hypothesis though, no proof. this is when you use !sp instead of google :) I like pexpect but it's next to useless on windows. If you are mostly doing ssh/ftp then paramiko is a useful (if heavy) pexpect replacement and works across platforms have you used pexpect? I've seen a lot of people compare it to Forth for DSL implementation Similar, I was forced to write scripts in it when I was at a more silicon/hardware oriented company. It's an interesting language but I much preferred moving on to ruby/python for my V&V activities. I remember you >_ reply The problem isn't that it's algebraic though. There are no back doors, once governments have it then all your freedom to communicate against them is broken. I don't know why anyone would look at the likes of world leaders such as Xi, Putin, KJI and Trump and think this is a good idea in any way. Exactly, it's not like they'll be using legal encryption versions lmao. This is just a way for governments to monitor their citizens in a wholesale fashion. Obviously since there is no God then yeah they are "made-up", but their value is obvious. Governments have a tendency to want more and more power, and by governments I mean the ones in charge like Xi, KJI, and Hitler. Those sorts do not like human rights and think they know better than everyone what is best, especially if it makes them richer and more powerful. This is why human rights are important and why they shouldn't be compromised for "safety" because you might get a little safety in the short term, but tomorrow brings genocide. I heard if you run VBox inside of QEMU inside of VMWare all running different flavors of linux then you good, dawg. It's more of an addition rather than evolution. Also it's relatively new to westerners so there's the "new fangled" part of it. I tried it (albeit a year ago) and all I saw were a bunch of teen agers acting goofy and not really doing much to further civilization. It's definitely social though. What? My podcasts are all on subjects that I'm interested in and rarely (other than sponsored 1 or 2 minute ads that I can fast forward through) mention a product. What are you on about? depends on the image and the text. teens dumping goo on their brother's head and then running away are essentially useless compared to a wiki paragraph on the holocaust. I wonder if the VsCode coders don't share their SOP somewhere for us mere mortals to learn some techniques they use to keep electron under control. Google is a private company and they should be able eliminate such things though. No government forced them to. If the political powers that be wouldn't have been so ham fisted they might have been able to keep their "things". Now they can't. good on Google (for once). eliminating targeting of the audience by political affiliation is a good thing. Advertisers have a responsibility for truth in advertising, if they can't handle that then their distributors can cut them off. This is as old as the advertising business. Claiming that Obama is a Muslim Cleric and expecting equal treatment with that hogwash deserves to get banned. Same if Trump was claimed to drink the blood of babies (which no one has disproven!) would also be an ad that could be banned. Again I say good for Goog; eliminating targeting of the audience by political affiliation is a good thing. Because people tend to be cattle and eliminating the echo chamber of targeted political advertising is a good thing. If you want your message out there let everyone see it and call you out for your lies, whatever your party or end game. I prefer twitter's method of just cutting it out, but Goog hit the middle ground I suppose and only let advertisers aim more generic target audience like age and sex. 1 is so close to true that it's a basically harmless statement. 2 is flat out true, anti-vaxxers have no scientific basis for their claims and they are essentially murdering people including small kids. so yeah 2 is just as ridiculous as was states. Antivax has plenty influence on politics. They've been able to push states to allow more and more capability to dodge vaccines when they should be mandatory unless there is a medically compelling reason not to. Amen. It's useless. Lammy, you're doing the lord's work Do no evil; unless the opposite affects your bottom line. why would you need to see the meeting topic? All you should be able to see is availability. Good, I hope they can insulate themselves and be very successful in their pursuits. I don't think anyone is going to invade Switzerland for a RISC cpu design Name a large country that would really obey an ICC dictate that it didn't like (Namely China, India, USA, Russia, Great Britain, France, Germany, etc) They've actually bust a lot of African dictators and such it was more or less a success. At least in the short term. Crooks will always come up with a way to launder cash though It would definitely work. The USA is a -huge- market, it just wouldn't be as economically "good/efficient" as free trade is in a strictly classical economics sense. was there ever a blockchain era? All I ever heard of was the blockchain bubble? Sure it's useful but it's not the end of all traditional exchange and contracts like it's most religious adherents subscribed to. This is a case where I would trust them because it -is- open source. However I support US efforts to keep Huawei out of core communications structures, at least in the USA, and hopefully Europeans will follow with US or Continental suppliers. Microchips make it very, vey easy to bury backdoors for Chinese intelligence agencies as well as put in encryption weaknesses. Say what you want about the US but there are pathways to prevent you from being railroaded by the government if you're willing to stand up to them. This isn't so in China, where you just get disappeared or imprisoned if you don't tow the party line. Certain versions yep :) . Although I'm not sure it's flawless. Crossover office is best if you're going down that route, or just put windows in a VM and run it there if it's crucial to your work. That's what I do. Isn't that the job of brew or whatever package manager you're using on apple? worked with a lot of techs this way. They get mad if you show them what you're trying to teach them shows up with very good instructions on the first page of google. At least half of them get pissed off :) Having known several people in the past who used LSD and shrooms, I never noticed anything outstanding about their psychology as attributed by this article or that their mind was any less/more anxious or depressed than say relatively straight edge people like me who've never done any drug other than socially inspired alcohol sessions. Thiel is just a human being, just because he's proven to be a jerk in the past doesn't mean he can't do good in other areas. Just like the slave owning people who drafted the Declaration of Independence and Bill of Rights. He has a poor record as a libertarian when it conflicts with his personal interests Yep it is a solid way to meet people who might also have an inside track to influencing the institutions of a given government. It also gets eyes on your cause when it's not right in the front of society at large. A lot of it is just to get otherwise ignorant people becoming aware and seeing the activists are just people like them trying to make a fair go of it. Rightful public access is what the government of California is unless the federal government steps in and says otherwise. Vinod doesn't have a case really, he just has a stable of lawyers. It's probably just something to keep him from getting bored in his old age. That's seems dumb since they taste so good in a proper bbq sauce and a good Chianti on the side. Wouldn't that make treaties useless if you can just back out of them (unless of course that is a party violates its tenents). I am pretty sure that a treaty supercedes any other laws or judicial decisions unless one of the parties breaks the agreed upon treaty. Yep might as well just use one of the BSD linuxii I don't think I've ever seen the rpi apt repository offline, so I'm not sure why you're so worried. Embedded computers tend towards lean rather than heavy and that is the mindset you're going to encounter. This is what I do, and it works well. The current Supreme Court is hard right and currently under Executive Mandate, I wouldn't put anything past them if their overlords demand something of them. I agree, even the current political elites aren't so daft as to say if 80% of the population is vehemently opposed to any US citizen having say more than 1 billion dollars in wealth, the Congress can surely enact taxes to insure that happens. Lucky for Bezos there is only a (large) minority that would like to see that happen so his Billions are currently safe. It is a bad deal. No way a for-profit company bought rights to .org without having an intention to make a profit on it. I have confidence in capitalism and it always, always seeks to maximize profit. This is what is more properly called incestuous relations between corporations. This will only serve those companies and people be-bopping between them with shadow titles. I don't know if this guy owns part of those companies and is benefiting or one of his bros at those companies convinced him with his "for the greater good" bullshit that MBAs learn in school. This is the best summary thus far, lol Yes unless it's regulated, any monopoly that is "for profit" will want to maximize profits. So they will walk the balance beam between raising prices and buying lawyers and lobbyists to insure congress critters don't regulate them. I think we'd just like to have it labelled "for Mac Only right now" My 11 year old philips is still fine. I suggest looking at what is expected on the AP Computer Science test. I personally feel that something like programming python in a jupyter notebook is a good free open source place to start for programming. Teach students how to properly use search in google and duckduckgo. Introduce them to linux on a virtual machine. Have a section on how important security and privacy are to get them thinking about it. You also didn't mention how many credits this would be 1 class or 3 classes makes a big difference. Exactly, they're generally more trustworthy than most governments. Security is about probability and is never 100%. Those are only good for VPN netflix or being more secure at coffee shops. So are you in favor of government telling people where to live and work? I've seriously heard your position many times but no one ever puts forward a solution to making it happen other than the government forcing people to do it. Sounds like a dictatorship to me. and no I don't think employers are all gonna just let people not "come in" to work. People back then were just as smart as we are and tactics haven't changed a whole lot either, except where technology demands it. We just have much bigger toys to kill each other with. that's why you click on the article and see what it's about. Exactly, I find it far easier to explain LD as just fast subtraction combined with multiplication to my kid than common core methods which I had to stare at for a while. The most critical method here is how to break up components of a number into addition "parts" as well as decimal positions. If someone really showed it to you then you would understand it. In school you're just taught the algorithm. i think you mean 1 cubic inch unless your parrot is only 2 dimensional The companies may have contractual obligations to the city. So they'll check and see if the company is violating those. That's why it is sometimes necessary for state governments to step in and override local laws on zoning, regulations on housing etc, that just hasn't happened in California yet. Never been an industrial accident in California, eh? You don't know anything at all about Texas if you think that. All of Texas' large cities lean liberal. Jeopardizing it as in a problem to solve. No one is saying that this is the end of solar energy, good grief. I'm sure they'll figure something out. The article is just pointing out that it is an issue and it's coming to a head. No one said it was unsolvable. Big oil/coal isn't trying to take your solar.