Both are using C3's data. C3 is a company that provided 3D data to NOKIA for the first version of 3D maps released two years ago and NOKIA made a terrible mistake to allow Apple to buy it and use C3's 3D data for their own maps. The mesh simplification algorithm used is based on edge collapses according to an error threshold, hence the strange skewing. Disclaimer: I worked for NOKIA L&C on 3D + cloud + navigation. Yes, hitta.se used C3 (Java IIRC). I believe it was their pilot project as both companies are from Sweden (possibly with government/universities involvement) and they used airplane stereovision to generate 3D, which would explain fantastic detail of the whole Sweden (I remember looking at the funny rotated skyscraper in Malmo). To be honest, I don't know why did hitta.se drop its 3D maps. I was playing with hitta.se before NOKIA bought the technology from C3 and there were internal rumors that C3 will be acquired. I would assume licensing costs were the main culprit; given the use of airplane flyovers, the data extraction was very expensive. It's good to be a mouse nowadays! R.I.P. Aaron! We miss you! Mac has outdated OpenGL. Period. I am not really happy that Google is cloning all successful approaches from various companies with slight modifications to suit their own purposes. First Facebook, now Apple. Where is that amazing, creative, innovative company I once admired? It's like Microsoft all over again. In GCC you can actually offload the decision about which registers to choose if you are writing inline assembly code. You just specify what type of registers you need and GCC optimizes the assignments for you. Then you reference them with % notation - e.g. movd %1, %2. Imagine you provide this as an inline function in C++; all the calls for simple functions like arithmetic operations will be optimized on the spot instead of building stacks or moving some value to/from eax... It sped up my 3D software renderer more than twice! :) Quit. I don't believe any manager behaving like that is doing it without his/her full consent and awareness of the situation, and its effect on the lives of his team. Do you really want to make such person successful by sacrificing your health and happiness? So, the answer to the great question of universe is not 42, but that the simulation results will be presented in a paper authored by a researcher duo Trurl and Klapaucius at the SIG UNI conference in the main universe? ;-) I think that's common characteristics in downfall of large companies and nations. Once ambitious managerial types without a viable enthusiastic vision take over, it's a long, hopeless decline; when the innovative types are punished in order to preserve power status quo, it's over. Material implication and the fact that logic based on it is considered OK. E.g. "if the moon was made of cheese, then P=NP" is considered true. This would have been funny if this kind of proofs wasn't used in proofs of basic facts of set theory, e.g. the theorem about empty set being a subset of any set. I am glad there are people trying to address these issues with a new logic, such as relevance logic, though almost every mathematician I know is fully reconciled with the former type of logic without questioning it. I have one of these since February and it's far better than any Chromebook - x64, 4GB RAM, 500GB HD, extremely portable, and runs Ubuntu 12.04 LTS by default. No weird ChromeOS limitations, no push to cloud storage by all means etc. Just the keyboard could be better... Both CPU and HDD are bottlenecks, it's not a speed king. HDD is a regular 5400rpm one, the Celeron 847 1.1GHz is also rather slow. I used it for some Java + Scala compiling and it took significantly longer than on MBP (10 vs 2 minutes). Also, I was able to run FL Studio under Wine and it was capable of recording my MIDI playing in realtime for arpeggiated sounds, though it had problems with 4+ simultaneous channels. Keyboard is really bad. Otherwise for the price it's currently unbeatable in my opinion. For my purposes a large HDD was more important as I make a lot of photos and hence need a lot of storage. I use it while traveling in "less safe" countries, such as those in Latin America - I don't really care about losing it. I would still rather use a simple texture mapping - map the image to a rectangle and then just rotate the 4 corner points. Rest is done naturally by your texture mapper. You can implement a texture mapper easily by finding the top-most rotated corner, take the two edge lines coming out of that corner, linearly interpolate texture coordinates on these lines for each horizontal line they cross and then simply walk linearly between those two texture positions spread across the horizontal line range. Then replace the edge line whose endpoint you reached by the next line until you reach the bottom-most corner. You can add surrounding texels to the mix to get the bilinear or another filtering. Also, Bresenham's line algorithm can be used for each of the line interpolations (though my assembly language experience showed that fixed point ints were actually faster). This is also embarrassingly parallel. I couldn't disagree more with some of the statements in the article. Hadoop is not a database! It's a parallel computing platform for MapReduce-style problems that could preserve locality. If your problem fits this, Hadoop absolutely rocks. If your problem is different then please use another tool. If your problem deals for example with high-resolution geographic or LiDAR data that can be easily processed independently (and that would easily give you a few petabytes each scan/flight so you can't stuff it into GPU), Hadoop is about the only open thing you can use to process them reliably (imagine having Earth surface data with the resolution of 1cm and the need to prepare multiple levels of detail, simplify geometry, perform object recognition, identify roads etc.). Even when your data is smaller if your problem fits in the MapReduce model well, Hadoop is a pretty convenient way to be future-proof while enjoying already mature application infrastructure. Why would you even bother working with toys that put everything into memory and then fail miserably in production (HW failure, need to reseed data after crash etc.)? I worked in a company that routinely processed these kinds of data; usually people accepting the thinking from this article hit a wall someday in production, couldn't guarantee reliability and ended up writing endless hacks for their algorithms that didn't scale when it was needed and became frustrating bottlenecks for everyone. Yes, I saw also some ridiculous uses of Hadoop (database that didn't have a chance ever growing over 20M records, problems not fitting MapReduce that needed custom messaging between jobs etc). Just use your reason properly, whatever has the potential for the future to handle large data do it with Hadoop or any appropriate system that supports your algorithmic model (S4, Kafka, OrientDB, Storm etc.) straight away. Make your software future-proof now or you'll have to rewrite it from the scratch when you will be under huge pressure. Don't become complacent with what you "know" now. Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you in any way! First, I really don't like if somebody by default compares Hadoop with SQL and this is a widespread confusion - they are completely different beasts; in fact an extension called Hive gives Hadoop + HTable an SQL-like syntax. However Hadoop is a parallel, batch-processing platform. Hadoop is slow-responding, you can't even talk about latency because a single task takes a lot of time even to setup/execute. It's completely inappropriate for real-time low-latency computations. For those, the in-memory, GPGPU, streams are much better. However, if you have a large dataset whose loading times onto a single machine may be very long - imagine loading 1TB to memory from a network drive if your computer can handle it - you might be better off by partitioning your data across thousands of smaller nodes (e.g. ARM microservers) and perform computations on each of them independently. This way you don't need to transfer a lot of data, each smaller local dataset is loaded very fast (= you preserver locality), you find balance between being CPU-bound and IO-bound and likely finish your computations much faster than on a single computer with huge memory but limited bus. Hadoop's tragedy is that it is now an established platform that is supported by large companies which are mostly driven by technologically clueless people, trying to put it everywhere as it is "in vogue" to do so. Google abandoned MapReduce model a few years ago but industry didn't seem to notice. Think about your case for chemical structures - is there any part of your algorithm that needs to be computed only occasionally but it's a lot of data to process? Why not offload it to Hadoop for preparing digest from these data which you can use in your real-time algorithm? That's actually pretty common usage scenario - Hadoop handles the rough mining, extracting the precious stuff from crude data, assembling it to a form that is refined and can be used by other parts of system that have completely different requirements, for example low-latency interactions. The only way is to wear GoPro-alike all the time while interacting with other people or record everything on your cellphone (at least audio). Equivalent to Russian dash cams. Perhaps some use for the glass. There are some really nasty people out there. whenever I see a request to provide credit card details upfront before trying a service, it subconsciously screams to me: "Scam! Stay away!" I would never give you my cc details in order to try your product. In fact this would put you firmly on my blacklist of sites never to visit again (unless you are some big well-known vendor of something I need). I am firmly in the camp of remote work lovers. It allowed me to travel around the world while working on world-class engineering and mathematical problems, make artistic movies from my travel, compose trendy music, get influences from outstanding random people I met, collaborate, have unexpected fun, experience different cultures. And this all while I am one of the fastest developers of my company, solving some of the most difficult problems that come (inventive and creative problems, not CRUD). Internal communication can be handled easily if people understand and trust each other. The unearned mistrust targeted towards high performers and envy of less competent managers/coworkers is what is killing corporations nowadays, not remote work. I love to work alone (on deep analytical problems) as well as love to collaborate with others in person or over Internet (putting pieces together and having fun creating) - location doesn't matter nowadays anymore and if it matters to you, you might end up behind the times as you won't be attractive to many people, some of them invaluable. BMW has a joint research lab with Google in Munich. My guess is this is the result of its work. What is a neat characteristics of N^2 where N is integer is that its value is the sum of the first N odd integers. 1^2 = 1 2^2 = 1 + 3 = 4 3^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 = 9 4^2 = 1 + 3 + 5 + 7 = 16 ... I am wondering if there is a relation of this to the article. Kids, this is why you should strive to become your own bosses and bootstrap your own businesses! I have an ASUS Zenbook Prime UX32VD-R4002V with NVidia GT620m and Optimus works flawlessly, both in Windows 7 and Linux Mint. Most games and demanding software switch to NVidia, HD4000 is used only for bare desktop and browsing. There are other issues with this ultrabook but Optimus is not one of them. Both DirectX and OpenGL work on both chips, output via HDMI works from both of them and I can even use CUDA in After Effects CS6 by adding 620m to the list of supported cards. The OP's experience is probably constrained to his particular model. I don't have that problem - it works flawlessly all the time. I am using Amazon basics HDMI cable connected via HDMI switcher to the external display (with the desktop, Chromecast and Tronsmart Android stick occupying 3 more HDMI inputs). Try perhaps another HDMI cable? Why don't you guys split Ukraine into two parts? The western part (pre-WW2's part of Poland) is pro-western, speaking Ukrainian, the eastern part is mostly inhabited by Russians that gravitate towards Moscow. Why nobody suggests this solution? 25W :-( As much as I wish AMD getting ahead, this is not good news for efficient ARM servers. Just twisting an old joke: Good software development methodology is like a UFO - everybody has heard of it, nobody has seen it. Restricting a creative process into some pre-baked confines of thinking doesn't make a sense to me. Some rules are vital thought those should not get too much in the way. I think only organically growing your rules makes sense and you've got to accept there will be situations where you have to break them or they won't allow you to adjust your strategy. Imagine a huge company that standardized on some well-tested processes/methodologies that served well in the past and were adjusted as it was growing. Staying with the same set of methodologies might kill the company's future if the structure of its workforce changes, technology moves forward, competitor has more efficient methodology for achieving returns etc. Often methodologies are used internally for political gains, pursuing promotions and power and "change agents" don't really care that much about improving efficiency, instead riding the wave of a currently cool methodology as recognized by the upper management. I find it quite funny. Monads were considered a hack to functional programming to add some imperative features like, you know, IO and similar funky stuff for which there was no math theory. Now seeing them grafted to a language that is considered the golden measure of all imperative languages is kinda LOL. Sure, monads come from category theory. IO and interactivity doesn't. Yes, though futures were always like that when you look at Java for example. Java always suffered from the need to prepare complex design patterns to do simplest things as it was much less flexible than C++. Now C++ is getting there as well. I personally would stick with some earlier C++ standard and use Haskell for my functional programming needs. Feels much more natural than trying to bend each language to support every thought process imaginable, and doing a poor job at that. Very nice! An interesting approach! Did you also consider using some more advanced geometry representation of terrain other than heightfields, such as triangulated irregular networks? That would allow you to choose an error threshold for each LOD and seamlessly join neighboring patches together without the need to use vertex shaders for it. I did my own "Google Earth"-alike using a modified BDAM algorithm a couple of years ago. It required Hadoop preprocessing of detailed input data (resolution in meters), parallel terrain simplification using quadric error metrics and edge collapses and produced a set of layers at different LODs. The cool thing about it was that you could have chosen the desired screen-space error and fetch only those LODs that were fitting - usually these had far smaller size than regular heightfields of the same resoultion/error. You could have also incorporated roads, rivers, buildings, bridges, tunnels straight into your terrain geometry, as well as different textures for each sub-part of it. The tessellation was a bit funky (BDAM uses triangular patches instead of tiles) however there are also variants that utilize rectangular tiles. Vertex shader was then used to simulate 64-bit precision, giving uniform rendering detail in centimeters for the whole Solar system. Geometry shader could add more detail into it and overall it was very snappy online as the size of downloaded data was smaller than with regular meshes. Completely understood, it's better to focus on interesting 3D stuff and easier to do it this way in JavaScript than to handle tile caching using WebWorkers/WebSockets and local storage in a language that doesn't support proper multithreading. Yes, the project was completed and working fine though it ended up buried deep within my former employer's R&D lab and I have no update if they are using parts of it anywhere. They got acquired and another office was aggressively taking over, getting rid of internal competing technologies. I also had a prior experience in adding dynamic 3D cities and vector maps into NASA's World Wind, and therefore writing a completely own globe from the scratch was a joy ;-) I am thinking about doing similar apps in WebGL and Qt and writing some tutorials on how to do it as I progress, so perhaps we can inspire each other then. First I need to finish some tutorials for advanced 2D geometry and Bezier curves though (Illustrator-class algorithms with JavaScript + HTML5 live examples). Thanks for writing this inspiring piece! :) I believe there are two problems in flight simulators: - insufficient precision of OpenGL 32-bit floats in Earth-scale computations. If you want to render the whole Earth, you'll find that at the ground level your precision is only 16m resulting in jittering as you move. This was usually solved by "zoning" and local coordinate systems, hence it was easier to deal with a smaller set of ground "tiles" and haze out the distant ones. Having said all that, nowadays you can use vertex shaders to simulate 64-bit (or rather 56-bit) precision and get around 1cm resolution at any distance - the need to have various LODs that include curvature of the Earth with significantly increased error tolerances, which in turn increases memory consumption. Again, nowadays should be no longer an issue given entry-level GPUs having 1GB of RAM and geometry shaders Jean Michel Jarre - Music for the Supermarkets That would be under an assumption that the distribution of planes around the globe is even. Given most jetliners are flying in corridors, I would say the actual probability is much much lower. The same can be probably said about meteorites - I guess their geographic distribution is uneven as well. Can you combine this with AVISynth for rendering videos? It would be cool to be able to completely bypass Lightroom when I need to process individual images and do it instead in a single script. It's probably common in technology area that due to Dunning-Kruger effect many super talented engineers have low self-esteem and real-life skills, and are attracted by "magical" personalities, forming narcissist-codependent pairs. I see it all around, it's sad, but unless engineers fix their broken "insides", it's going to happen. It's then pretty logical that the narcissistic part of the pair gets all the fame, spotlight, power, and the co-dependent part gets used, squeezed, depleted and thrown away once not useful. D-K goes both ways - unskilled think of themselves highly, highly skilled lowly. I often wonder if this is the ultimate joke of the Universe embedded deeply in the fabric of "matrix". I understand you, I had some experiences when I had to continuously facepalm when dealing with politics, ideas that had a strong push due to nepotism and cronyism, threatening somebody's power by presenting and executing superior non-trivial ideas in a very short time that became the base of the whole operations etc. In the end I decided I don't want to waste my life working for people propagating this way of working and had to completely overhaul my strategy. I can give you a few advices (with your intelligence you are aware of them anyway though might not have been acting on them so far): 1) start your own business(es) that can be automated to a large extent. You'd spend 1 hour a day running it, making adjustments and in time it would grow to sustain you 100%. There are still a plenty of areas you can focus at, you might have avoided them because they are "easy", or "anyone could do that", "uninteresting" etc. Yet they give you a recurring income that would give you freedom to pursue whatever you want to do. 2) accept (and give) only partnerships when working with someone, on fair terms 3) do a reasonable long-term investing, 80% "stable", 20% risky or whatever reasonable ratio suits you 4) when forced to work on something due to economical circumstances, sudden change of directions due to acquisition etc. with which you can't agree, stop using your emotions there and do the average expected work, while preserving energy and attention to your future opportunities 5) retain your integrity. Compromising yourself weakens you immensely 6) make sure you are on top of your game all the time - get excellent at chosen difficult MOOCs, do some new thing with an utmost focus (arts?), anything where you can get a real feedback about your capabilities and progress You should understand you hold enormous power even as an individual. Perhaps because of your past generosity or good will you didn't use it or were led to believe that you can't do a lot of things - I think your subconsciousness is rebelling to such thoughts, hence the strong reactions you have. You can literally bring whole companies to the ground if you wish to, or create something unique that empowers others in a good way. Most people become mediocre, uninspiring, "happiness" pursuers, take some kind of blue pill, yet still thinking they have the best ideas, are brilliant, master minds etc. They will never understand what is going on once you start utilizing your mind to improve some small part of life for everyone. There is just too much of "me too" in design nowadays. I was really dismayed when MS came up with Metro/Modern and suddenly most vocal designers flipped switch and started to produce designs inspired by the new MS's design language. No creativity there at all, just plain boring simplistic uniformly colored boxes. I guess even Apple caught the metroitis with iOS 7. No idea what went on over there, from UI that was appreciated as the most beautiful, polished and envied it just borrowed approach from the most controversial that many find disgusting (hey, was the default color palette chosen by color blind people?). We had the same problem when hiring designers for our creative product - most designers just flat out copied all sorts of ugly trendy flat designs. I really don't want my app to look like it was designed by the 5-year old Miró that just discovered boxes in MS Paint. What is happening in design? Is it the same thing that happened with classical music when modernists completely broke historic standards and started to produce "intellectual" music that maybe 5% of population can appreciate, the rest just suffers through? I can automate creation of ugly boxes/flat stuff myself, I don't need designers to do that. From a designer I would expect something original, expression of craftmanship that will discern my work from the others. Not uniformity. boto.mws is absolutely essential for e-commerce on Amazon. I can't even think of moving to 3.x because of that. Not to mention other critical components like Excel processing etc. 2->3 is a major problem in Python, can't understand the thinking behind breaking that much compatibility. Compare this to Java. I think people see what they want to see. Current Zeitgeist is pointing towards approving use of pot for recreational purposes while ignoring all the risks or even discrediting anyone saying the opposite. I deeply remember one episode from my adolescence when another kid smoke a large amount of pot in the basement and suddenly started yelling: "Dragon, I see dragon!" while having his eyes open in an expression of fear for a few hours. From my point of view, pot smoking is another horrible idea such as cigarette smoking - it annoys anyone who doesn't smoke as the air quality deteriorates and damages both active and passive participant's health. Moreover, certain parts of population are prone to damage their brains as well as compromise their will, instead running away to "lalaland" whenever they face any challenge. There is a saying in Frankfurt nightclubs that you can't build a business on stoners and some nightclubs had to close due to having their business deteriorating due to unofficially allowing pot inside. Similar to crack cocaine in Rio de Janeiro when the drug trafficking favelados decided not to sell it anymore as it was killing their own customers and business. As a professional photographer I can see what drugs are doing to my models - you have a world-class awesome beauty with a great personality one year, and the next year a train-wreck with horrible changes to physiology and likely involved in escorting business. In other words, I see the movement to legalize pot as another insanity in progress. And we think humanity is evolving... Yes, it's a horrible tragedy what is happening in Mexico, especially border cities like Ciudad Juarez and Tijuana, as well as other South American or Middle-Eastern countries due to drug trafficking. Ask people in northern Mexico what do they think - most of them will tell you that they just want Americans to take all the drugs and the facilities to USA and keep them away from Mexico so that they can live normal lives and not be threatened by Zetas and Gulf cartel gunners hijacking buses and forcing participants to fight in gladiator-style for survival, or to dig 5000 graves of women killed by gangs of Juarez at the outskirts of the city. Why do they have to suffer all the consequences when some people in the US need to be "high" to feel good about themselves? The problem is in YOU guys, not in the war on drugs. Congrats! Great job guys! Just a few questions - what algorithm do you use for geometry simplification? Is it based on quadric error metrics edge collapses? How do you join tiles of different LODs? Any papers on reconstructing 3D from your drones? Is actually anyone considering JavaScript not to be "ruined" by default in the first place? On ARM the tempo is considerably slower than on AMD64 and on SPARC it seems to play a lot more instruments at the same time. LOL What a parody! With this article she effectively destroyed her business... Unbelievable! Nobody with a brain would like to work for her after a simple search for references and her customers must be already scratching their heads if they can trust that a business with her as a head would stay afloat... Unless she is linked to EU funds that can keep her business funded regardless of performance due to political connections, I don't think many people would be willing to bet on her. This is not about making tough calls when they are necessary, it's about exhibiting inability to comprehend basic business and operational issues and inability to at least conceal that fact by issuing meaningless statements. I am wondering if the prolonged latencies from most of the Google services I am experiencing in the past few years are somehow related to using Spanner instead of the previously conventional "compute in advance offline"-"serve immediately" approach. The Spanner paper mentioned they sacrificed a bit of latency (from nanoseconds in DHT lookup to milliseconds). I understand it's more convenient for Google developers to have more predictable thought framework instead of making every single project a piece of art while spending most of the time fighting inconsistencies arising from eventual consistency. The question is if it was worth it? I remember time when Google services were amazingly fast - that time is unfortunately gone :-( I meant the traditional NoSQL architecture (like what LinkedIn was using) where you had offline batch processing based on Map Reduce executed regularly during the day and the results were stored in a distributed hash table with super low latency and eventual consistency. This made access super fast but inflexible, i.e. only what was precomputed could have been accessed. Amazon estimated that each 1 ms of additional latency costs them a few million dollars a year as well as decreases rate of returning users. For low latency there is still nothing better than eventual consistency, so they may be driven by the bottom line. Also, from my experience of being a merchant on Amazon with hundreds of thousands of items in inventory that need to be updated almost realtime as prices/stock changes all the time, leading to a few millions updates a day (in bulk), I can't envision how Amazon would be able to achieve fast import from a horde of merchants like me on any SQL system. I wish the same. I needed over 160 BD-R to archive 5K RAW footage of my around the world movie and just archiving them on a single BluRay writer took a few days. I wish there was more progress in consumer space... I hope they are going to improve precision of elevation as well, not just longitude and latitude. Excellent! Congratulations! Can't wait to get my hands on the 64 core version! :-) 1366x768 in 2014? This argument won't stand. New phone displays have significantly lower battery consumption than the old ones and substantially higher resolutions. And you can always employ tricks like reducing refresh rate to lower the consumption even more. Could be. 13" rMBP won't be much different from a 13" rMBA then. I have a 15" rMBP. This is about MBA. iPad doesn't have a problem having retina display, just MBA. I always assumed Google has two kinds of translations - the online we know from the web, which is fast though simple, and an offline, that is much more realistic but slow. Other companies achieved very good offline translations (often by employing professional translations that translated sentences between languages and building databases for automated translation) and I see no reason why Google wouldn't be able to create/license a similar one. There is a huge disconnect between intuitive mathematics and the formalized one taught at universities since the middle of the 20th century due to Bourbaki's group. For many people this emptied mathematics and made it inaccessible to a large portion of population, making them 2nd class citizens of the future, group which would be otherwise capable of mastering it with a proper pedagogical style. IMO this is a pedagogical insanity, flooding young kids with formalisms that took centuries to emerge without any explanation about their background and enforcing form over content, which is what cuts many super talented people and forces them to focus at different fields. There are many problems with contemporary math that are conveniently avoided (binary logic for example - most of the population doesn't believe it has any connection to thinking due to weirdness of material implication and teacher's insistence that this is the right way to think, never mentioning that its distant father Aristotle was so discontent with it that he immediately developed a first proto-modal logic), etc. If some constructionists and intuitionists weren't going against the scientific current, we wouldn't have had computers for a long time. You can get back to it. I did the opposite decision 9 years ago - I started a PhD on cancer detection out of pure idealism, completely ignoring money as useless. Later I realized that I need large sums of money to pursue the grand dreams I had, hence I started multiple e-commerce companies (that can be almost automated) to get the necessary cashflow for independent research on what I deem important (cancer, multiplex sclerosis etc.). You are already in the position of being able to fund things that matter - now it might be a good opportunity to seek people that can help you getting your dreams of a better world come true. I know a few people that founded successful businesses and later they removed themselves from most of the duties except for ownership and started to pursue their visions, such as prolonging human life, organ replacement etc. A case for always using polarizing filter ;-) I find it funny that my graphics card is now faster than the world's fastest supercomputer in 1997, yet I am forced to "offload" stuff to cloud. I bought CS6 suite as it became clear Adobe is moving full steam ahead with CC. I think it is one of those examples where the move serves only company's interests and doesn't make much sense to users (except for continuous updates that might accidentally break things as well). The initial pricing might have been competitive for some packages, for many users however caused substantial increase if they used to skip one cycle for upgrades. I understand Adobe needs a predictable revenue stream though I consider this as a flop. This all seems sensible until Adobe revokes your license and you lose all money you invested so far and access to the work you produced. There should be consumer protection laws for these cases. When you pirate software, everything works smoothly (unless you catch some trojan), but if you are a paying customer, all kinds of unpleasant and artificial problems are thrown at you. Lightroom is far better for the tasks you mentioned than GIMP. IrfanView or XnView would be also perfectly adequate for your simple tasks. Forget about easy skin retouching in GIMP, no 16-bit/channel in official release yet, forget about high-end fashion photography with GIMP. It's still not there :-( I have a feeling that "being busy" is just a gentle form of crowd control. I could see it in Japan, people being terribly busy at work, yet producing very little, spending most of the time during the day at job, unable to do anything in their spare time. I guess that's how Asian society makes sure there is no unexpected creativity leading to "interesting times". It could also help individual people to cope with social anxieties by being "busy". I wouldn't be surprised if the same were happening in the States. I don't believe people can be super-productive more than 5 hours a day unless they work on something they are passionate about or are on drugs. From my experience, just walking away from a difficult problem, taking time to walk in the forest, relax on the beach, playing sports with friends, doing completely unrelated relaxing things with total focus often leads to sudden inspirations on how to tackle difficult problems. It's like life is telling me to relax and rewards me with great ideas that can be immediately executed, for being just well balanced. I remember flying with one US businessman between Hawaiian islands, and he curiously asked me how many vacation days do I have - when I told him it's 6 weeks, he went on to complain about how crazy is it in the States, with average of 8.5 day or so of vacation per year. People, please live your lives! I am currently in Germany, 6 weeks is basically a standard excluding holidays (which is up to 13 extra days depending on the state and weekend overlay as there are no bank holidays). So in the end you can end up with ~8 weeks. Minimum vacation days as specified by the law is 4 weeks. Most of my friends in the US start with 2 weeks, after a few years they get 3 weeks, then these are reset if they change the job, and if they take a vacation, they are either frowned upon or they have to be available to work on a moments notice. I find this utterly crazy. Well, 2 weeks were a starting offer from once the most valuable company on the planet for a senior SW engineer position in California, with automatic extension by 1 week after the first year, and another week after a promotion to a staff engineer. One Seattle-based eCommerce company forced you to keep pager with you all the times, even on a vacation, if you were an unlucky part of operations. This can't happen in most European countries, unless the company desperately wants to lose plenty of court cases. One member of my US family in the midwest worked in an unionized menial job with 1 week of paid vacation including sick days. The rest was unpaid. If you are running multiple automated eCommerce companies that have their core system written in Python 2 like I do, you'd find that boto/mws and python-excel aren't available for Python 3 (python-excel's porting to Py3 stopped in 2011), which would prevent you from spawning new businesses on Amazon or handling (unfortunately standard) MS Office interchange files quickly. I actually made the decision to run on Python 2 due to unavailability of these libraries for Python 3 about a year ago (I didn't really care about Python before as I primarily used C++/Java/Asm/GLSL/C#/Haskell in the past) - I was deeply shocked by what Py3 did to its own community and still have that weird feeling that Python is slowly killing itself. I didn't want to write my own Amazon and MS Office wrappers in Python 3 anyway and from all platforms available Py2 seemed to have the least amount of troubles (though I had to write some Py3 code for handling advanced TLS properly). I worked at SUN in the distant past, the backwards compatibility was the mantra #1. Both latest Java and Solaris were expected to run the oldest possible code, and they considered it one of the most important assets. For many people in eCommerce and banking the arrival of Java was a "manna from heaven", as before they had to deal with the crazy complexity of CORBA and similar technologies. Java simplified this significantly and added at the time modern easy-to-program and fairly safe multi-threading that allowed software like Apache etc. This made Java famous and gave it a "huge karma" amongst developers. Without Java we probably wouldn't have experienced the massive expansion of eCommerce, and now we are lucky to see all the Java's issues - a good problem to have ;-) Java and JVM as a consequence have their share of problems that arose from initial design decisions such as type erasure (which .NET's CLR avoided) that still deforms all languages based on JVM to this day. Massive boilerplating, J2EE's unreadable XML mess, complex design patterns invented to cope with the limitations of the language are some of the other problems. The compatibility with the old code is still there though. I've never played with Ruby, I've heard it's still used by many young web companies for their frontends (like SoundCloud) and have heard they had some release that broke most of the compatibility which alienated many of their users. From this and from Python's example I would suggest keeping both the old way and introducing the new ways in parallel so that developers don't have to rewrite/reinvent the wheel when somebody decides to change a part of the language. This served C/C++ pretty well, adding slowly new features and instead of forcing users to use the "current right way", they allowed to live multiple different approaches together. I think that would have served Python well as well - even Py3 feels at places like a hack, similar to Py2. One of the few pleasures of modern world is now slowly being removed! :-D I guess I will treasure my memories of driving Lamborghini Murcielago over 200mph forever and will tell my grandchildren there was a time when you actually could drive a car yourself! And to those that argue young people don't want to own the car - it's mostly about not wanting to spend your life commuting, hunting parking spots or in traffic jams, and frankly, daily driving to work in the States is as boring as it can get. I don't own a car, I rely on public transport which is usually faster in European cities than driving your own car, allowing me to work on a lot of stuff while traveling. Whenever I need I rather rent a car - it's newer, serviced, no hassles and I can try different cars at will. From that point of view self-driving vehicle is wonderful (if it becomes eco-nomical/logical), though as a car-geek and F1/CART fan I really love to drive for pleasure. Still, if you think about it, what will be then the difference between having all cars self-driving, and public transport? All cars will be queued automatically, possibly flow-"optimized" at junctions, behaving like a special type of public transport (if we manage to create a proper real-time highly intelligent scheduling). When you look at how Google computes the fastest route in their maps/online navigation, they basically have some precomputed grid of "main" traffic centers, and they route all local traffic to the nearest of those centers. The main centers have pre-computed distances/times/routes between each other, so they can be stored in a distributed hashmap, and the lookup of the fastest route takes nanoseconds. The remaining "local" part is then computed on the fly. I am curious if a similar algorithm will be used in our self-driving future - you'd have local part of the route where you'll board a self-driving car and that will lead you to one of those "main" centers where a super-fast transport will move you to another "main" center, either by having you to board an express-train like device, or putting the whole car or just its interior there. What do you think? I think Chinese can probably experiment with such approach in one of their experimental cities ;-) Well, I live in Germany so go figure. And please stop with your condemning talk! The ladies returning from a supermarket go often over 120mph over here on their way back home (legally!), you can see Porsche test drivers going full speed at 2am on an Autobahn almost every day, yet the accident/fatality rate is actually lower than on interstates in your country (I assume you are from the US). People here are drilled like crazy to obtain a driving license, unlike driving around the block and doing simple parking, and they behave well on the highways, letting faster cars ahead and not blocking them going 65mph in the fast lane or hastily switching lanes. Not far from my city is probably the most hardcore racing circuit in the world open for public - Nürburgring, and what other car would be suitable for reaching 200mph if not one like perfectly serviced Murcielago? Yes, it's risky. So is eating HFCS in all your food daily and sticking to high-carb diet, depriving oneself of sleep due to working long hours or not taking vacation to recharge due to constant stress. I am not talking about stupid reckless street racing - that's very uncommon over here. I agree with your assessment. It's probably inevitable and actually will do a lot of good allowing people that are unable to drive to reach their destinations, as well as avoiding the need to waste time on learning how to drive (I know in the US it's pretty easy, but in most of other countries it's a fairly difficult and non-trivial endeavor to acquire a driving license). If we can really pull it off in all real-world conditions, it would be pretty cool. At that point I wouldn't see any future for old school technological marvels like Murcielago anymore, as they wouldn't be allowed to interfere with automated traffic (human factor is unpredictable and we probably won't crack the problem of safely handling all situations automatically, though maybe with a huge sensor coverage the risks could diminish). Personally, I can't wait until we invent teleports capable of transferring living subjects, though that seems to be a task for a century far away ;-) Time to get a nice tough crowbar 8-) I don't like SQL either. Disclaimer: I wrote my own SQL server some time ago, then went on to help to prepare a NoSQL architecture at one of the largest tech companies. SQL is a weird hack of relational algebra with a huge variation of syntax between different providers. Also, it's pretty inflexible if you need to change schema, you need to solve crazy transactional problems if you write your own server, not mentioning the problems arising from clustering. Try modeling trees in SQL - if your data is mostly static, you will be saved by nested sets or their fractal successor, however most SQL servers mislead you in thinking their tree-functions are anywhere as performing. If you think you don't need trees, imagine modeling categories or an org chart in SQL, and making sure decisions at one level propagate correctly to all levels underneath and can be overriden only with correct permissions, and this must be a part of each query. Try to benchmark your CTE query against a nested-sets implementation as described e.g. here: http://www.evanpetersen.com/item/nested-sets.html I am not sure what is the situation today; in 2005 when I wrote nested-sets implementation for TSQL and benchmarked it against Oracle's START-CONNECT extension it was a few milliseconds vs seconds for large hierarchies. Of course, nested sets need an occasional rebuild of the whole hierarchy so they are only useful for mostly static hierarchical data. If you have only a couple of levels, you are probably fine with what your SQL server offers; for huge amount of hierarchical data you need to use something smarter. I'll just put a few points here to understand when you should use which architecture. NoSQL: - reading is fast, writing is expensive (if all data are pre-processed/denormalized for reading during the writing phase) - often schema-less - low latency (for key-value storage) - offline batch processing (classical Map Reduce) - no ACID, choose 2 of 3 in CAP - demanding on SW engineers to get client-side conflict resolution, tricky in general - Petabytes of data can be suddenly processed - huge variation of different paradigms, key-value, document, graph, batch etc. - haywire indexing SQL: - writes are fast (normalization), reads are expensive (JOINs) - ACID (well, only to some extent, clustering messes up many ACID properties unfortunately and conflicts arise in corner cases) - set operations and a neat math theory behind them - stable indexing, easily constructable real-time JOINs - OLTP - easier for developers - non-flexible schema - tradition, well-known recipes on how to do things Basically, if you want to have low-latency access, your concurrency model allows eventual consistency, or you have a need to store your data in non-standard structure such as graphs/trees, use NoSQL and pre-process all data to be exactly in the format you require for reading. If you need 99.999% guarantee of consistent data, amount of data you need to handle is under 50TB, you can put your data into a fixed schema and latency doesn't matter that much, use SQL. I would recommend you to ask yourself a question - is your app/business read-heavy or write-heavy and decide accordingly. Berlin is underfunded, top management has the "dominate everything" attitude in most start ups, no equity to employees, people are expected to be conforming to their bosses (German mentality), wage split into fixed (small) + variable part (which mostly doesn't materialize), low-ball offers are the name of the game in Berlin, selling a dream of a bright future with no equity. The race of the uglies - OS X Yosemite vs Windows 8.1 - is on! :-D Sorry, this was just a jab at the flat-design trend nowadays ;-) I use OS X only since 10.7 so I didn't have any exposure to its previous versions. As a senior developer you can get 75k fixed + 10k variable even in some of Berlin's start-ups, however you might get that easily in Hamburg, Munich, Ingolstadt or Frankfurt. In Munich and Frankfurt you can get 110k + about the same variable if you work for one of the trading/ad companies (and have a stomach for it). The housing prices in Berlin are skyrocketing, approaching the other big German cities fast, so basically with 38k you would be quite close to poverty level if you have a family (though "poverty" in Germany is much gentler than in the US due to a lot of social support and welfare from the government, paid by high taxes). At SUN I was working with 256-thread SPARCs regularly and it was fairly simple to program using Java, except for some oddities in Solaris regarding networking stack. So if you need fast web servers, app servers or ETL, these chips can be pretty awesome. SPARC's threads were slower than ARM processors in mainstream phones nowadays, yet they were pretty good in handling web load. I would buy these chips in an instant, similarly to Parallela's 64-core ARM. The competition would be Xeon Phi - I assume that is much more expensive and the memory is too limited (8GB). Thanks for correcting me, you are right! It has 64 RISC cores alongside dual-core ARM. Xeon Phi seems to be targeting two markets at once - many-core (x64) server computing and GPGPU with their 512-bit SIMD. For general server the memory limitation to 8GB is too low, which is however very competitive in GPGPU market. Exciting times ahead ;-) Also, there is a difference in required memory architecture when it comes to optimizing CPU thread performance vs SIMD - CPU is more sensitive to latency, SIMD to bandwidth. You usually have to pick the memory type (e.g. DDR3 vs GDDR5) that optimizes one of those and that would tell you what market you target. I am not sure how AMD handles their HSA - they seem to have discontinued plans for GDDR5 so their Fusion GPU is going to be bandwidth-starved. Actually, this holds only up to certain extent. Synchronization, locking, memory access patterns and context-switching from many threads with accompanied cache thrashing can bring the effective parallelization to very small levels. I remember from benchmarking a high performance transactional messaging system in Java I was working on seeing how it hit a flat line at some point where it didn't scale at all due to CPU/memory contention (this depended on maximal number of threads allowed). We had to look at alternative designs such as 0MQ to see how they overcame it - basically they put one working/client thread per core to achieve their 1M messages/s. We were using 10s of thousands of threads in our middleware when necessary, and that was faster than async NIO in Java 6 at that time. I was trying to crack exactly the same problem a decade ago - I was very frustrated by "classical" perspective distortions (such as looking up and down at a very tall pole, you notice in 3D projection the projected width at a given height changes depending on the pitch angle, which is counter-intuitive as your eye doesn't do that). I searched for answers, read Denis Zorin's disertation from Caltech, various different camera models etc. After one talk with a neurosurgeon he mentioned that those "perspective distortions" are perceived often by patients after a brain surgery and as the brain heals the normal undistorted picture begins to emerge. I am still curious if there is a more realistic mathematic formula that would allow us to have exactly the same perspective projection in 3D graphics as we have with our eyes. Anyone knows any recent research on this subject? I guess the perception is that MBAs are trained to become a part of an already established traditional business and not a ground-breaking start up, their skills are specifically trained to support the current form of corporations. This notion is supported by entrepreneurship courses from people like Steve Blank. Moreover, MBAs are perceived as being unable to grasp the technological advancement, "getting in the way" of technology and insisting on leading because they have such a degree and not because of their real-world skills (and often insisting on non-sensical and "trendy" priorities), and this sentiment is pretty common amongst typical techies. We really must be living in an idiocracy if this passed Turing test. Perfect! Thanks for the tip! I will add UTAUloids to the collection of vocaloids I bought in Kyoto! Composing music with Hatsune Miku or Megpoid vocaloids was fun, can't wait to try UTAU as well ;-) Sounds like something from Alan Parsons Project :-) Why not use Android sticks instead? For $60 you can get a quad-core with 2GB RAM, USB + HDMI + WiFi + BT and passively cooled. You can place dozens of them on a single rack. What would be Chromebook advantage here? I meant "passively cooled" as their advantage. You can always place some Noctua on top of them if needed, you just don't have to. I have one of RK3188-based sticks which is enclosed in a passive case. I also run the latest Bay Trail NUC in passive mode 24/7 and its temperature is higher on heavy load than of that Android stick. Performance wise BT is about 2x as fast, though it depends on a task. 9W vs 14W at full load including OpenGL, 1W vs 4W at idle. Bay Trail is about the same speed as Core 2 Duo or 1st gen Phenom. I assume Snapdragon 800, Mediatek MT6595 and new A57 chips are there as well, or even better. Soon we should start seeing chips approaching the speed of i3 on smartphone SoCs. If you optimize for latency relational databases won't cut it. OK, I should have written "if you optimize for read-access latency". Better? Thank you for sharing your experience! It's always inspiring to read well-written articles as is yours! Some people say astaxanthin helped them. Come on, this is like the easiest problem you could have gotten during Google's, Microsoft's or Facebook's phone screening interview. If you can't figure it out in 10 minutes, then you should forget about working there. I miss the old times when these puzzlers were asked during interviews. My theory is that you can recognize an excellent place of work with a great future when they actually ask you these sorts of questions as it attracts certain kind of excellent and creative people. I could see the "interestingness" of companies being shifted as they abandoned these questions, first Microsoft (picked up by Google), then Google (picked up by Facebook), like they were passing some kind of "greatness" token (MS->G->FB). I was told at Google that I solved two problems like this during an interview that nobody solved before me in 15 minutes (one led to a super complicated math formula and dynamic programming, the other I solved optimally but differently to their solution, and provided an optimality proof based on discrete calculus). It was the greatest and most challenging interview in my life. I miss it, all interviews nowadays are just boring as hell :-/ Yes, I had it during 1st phone screen with Microsoft, coding it in their interviewing system and I figured out the two pointer version without a prior knowledge. I proved that my solution had optimal time complexity using discrete calculus, for a highly non-trivial problem that requires to come up with unexpected ideas under huge stress. They saw my own open-space real-time software 3D rendering engine with texturing and shading (C++/Asm) at SourceForge already, they saw my own SQL server (many students at my first university were ripping it off for their own class projects in the next years so it was a mistake to make it open) as well as other projects I did prior to that interview so they were familiar with my coding style and quality. Also, before that while working at SUN I did some work on a test suite with 10,000s of tests, many of them for SUN's own compliance with one of their standards, making sure it was executing on a distributed cluster every day for every branch they had in order to ship the best quality to customers. Many of these tests were for obscure cluster failure cases using custom bleeding-edge test frameworks. So the answer is no, I didn't write any test at Google interview, it wasn't required. How can you prove you can code in a team during an one-on-one interview? At best you can give hints that you are willing to discuss stuff and change your progress on input from the interviewer and explore if there is any sort of chemistry between you two, which is about all you can do. I really hate this kind of nitpicking, averaging everyone to a "normal" level, trying to find something wrong in someone because she or he goes against (IMO) lazy typical stereotype. Enjoy your mediocrity! Are there still hackers on HN? I don't think that's gonna ever happen. That would cannibalize ReSharper for C# sales which are bound to Visual Studio and cause a cool down in the relationship with Microsoft. Sure way to go out of business. Russia is obviously preparing for a war. They are trying to build and control their own services for everything (finance, e-commerce, even CPU manufacturing etc.) so that the country doesn't collapse once it is cut off from the West, the weakness China doesn't have. It sucks for all the people that want to enjoy freedom there. KMP is conceptually very cool, as well as other clever string searching algorithms (BM, RK, AC), though one of the questions for me always was if even its most efficient implementation wouldn't be always slower than executing a brute-force combination of REP CMPSL/CMPSB instructions (x86) for vast majority of searched strings? I know about the time complexity, but my argument points to the CPU architecture and cache/branch prediction efficiency. KMP has a lot of branching which is more expensive than a simple cache (line) hit, cache REP CMPSx doesn't have any branching, aborts immediately after a mismatch with only a single loop over the starting position, search is also pretty much linear. This is not a Turing machine where it is being executed ;-) So in theory KMP is faster, in practice for not very large strings I am really not sure... There are plenty of optimal algorithms where the fixed cost is too high for majority of useful cases comparing to less optimal algorithms with very low fixed costs. Does KMP have as much "mechanical sympathy" to overcome specific machine code instructions for most frequent cases? Ugh, what's the point? Hiring by robots? How does this differ from running a VNC client inside any browser? Just an honest curiosity - what new atom.io can bring to Windows users? I understand the situation on OS X is dire with only a handful of capable text editors (a fact that drives me crazy when I need to do something non-trivial on OS X I am used to do on Windows), but on Windows you have a plenty of excellent programmer-friendly text editors/IDEs that seem to have more features than atom.io or sublime (even with live editing, multiple cursors etc.). Yes, I am using both atom.io and Sublime on OS X because I have no choice, but on Windows? Come on, 512MB RAM in 2014? Bargain? Underspecced device, unable to run any slightly advanced recent WP game, incomparable even to Moto E. 935 with Win 8.1 might be interesting to talk about, 635 is underwhelming, the only possible advantage are offline HERE Maps. Second system effect unfortunately :-( IMHO They should have started with a simpler Harmattan-level functionality rather than redesigning most of the things and getting inspiration even from WP with the color palette and UI layouts. They lost authenticity and originality in the process, N9 seemed super elegant comparing to the 1st Jolla phone, the icons especially are unpleasant to look at. And I say this as a fan of Jolla and previously of MeeGo/Maemo. I hope they will improve with their 2nd device. If you look at forum complaints with low-end WP devices, most people complain exactly about low memory that prevents them to install a lot of interesting stuff from the Windows Phone Store. I couldn't believe when Nokia decided to limit availability of 525 to 3rd world countries (that one had 1GB), and continued offering 520/6xx in the rest of the world, and then acting surprised when their sales were dropping like crazy. And after that they decided to release 635 again with 512MB... I remember when Elop was arguing that WP doesn't need to support more cores as it runs fine on a single core (when Nokia didn't have multicore SoC supplier and MS had only single core kernel in WP7). Immediately as Nokia signed Qualcomm and MS released multicore kernel in WP8, Elop started marketing the more cores, the better. I just have feeling that your argument is a different version of the same. If you are running your own company that grew and stabilized a bit, and you have time to learn about how other established companies do their stuff and most important connect with other people in a similar situation, it's worth it. If you want to get just another title to show how good you are, it's not a good use of your time. What if there is no such universal thing? What if our DNAs, tRNAs, upbringing etc. generate a very wide set of health requirements that aren't in sync between all humans but instead compete with each other? Some people eat bacon and trans fat every day and live up to 100 years. Some people die in their 30s on the same diet etc. Are we going to end up with an average that doesn't fit anyone? Time between disasters has exponential distribution (or the number of disasters in given time adheres to Poisson distribution). Something we were taught at the university. LOL, I am hitting most of these for completely different reasons and never attempted nor plan to attempt a fraud. I guess another overreaching application of statistics (it must be because confidence intervals say so and our prediction model agrees!). It resembles to me the saying that all murderers eat bread, so bread is dangerous!!! I really hate oversimplifications in these serious matters. It happened to me that my bank was using a similar silly algorithm to consistently block my credit card during my world travel every time I arrived to a new country/airport, even if I told them about it in advance. A way to lose customer for life for sure, especially when their emergency line operates only during working days between 9am-6pm in Germany... So what's the difference between what NASA does, what Chinese did with Em drive and what Russians have orbiting in Yubileiny satellite? More interesting question: can I make one at home? I can do magnetic levitation, both pushing and pulling with high-frequency electromagnets; it would be cool if I could do this as well and having floating objects in my home 8-) Very nice! Is there software available I can use, or do I have to implement the algorithms from the paper myself? I make a lot of 4K hyperlapse movies, it is tedious as AfterEffect's warp stabilizer is useful only in a small fraction of cases, Deshaker is more consistent but also not perfect, and the only option in the end is multi-pass manual tracking and stabilizing which is very time consuming and tricky for long panning shots. Get O visa, as a PhD holder you should be fine. E visa is also a possibility, though it costs at least $100k to get in. Please Intel, release it in 2014! Don't make it slip into 2015! I really really want a 10W NUC with Broadwell i7 as my main desktop machine! I don't really care about super high performance - I need a small NUC that I can cool passively with reasonable performance for typical business stuff I do on the desktop. I understand the difference between mobile i5 vs i7 is almost none even on Haswell (both are dual-core with hyperthreading unlike desktop versions). I already have a 17W IvyBridge i7-3517U in one of my notebooks so I know what I am talking about. I also can't wait for 19W Kaveri for another tiny desktop setup... EDIT: i7 details Sure, there is a 47W i7-4960HQ in rMBP which has significantly higher power consumption than what I am looking for. If you look at low power U versions of i5 and i7, they seem almost identical (with i7 having larger cache and a bit higher frequency; both are dual core and have hyperthreading). In desktop, you can see i5 is without HT contrary to i7. If Broadwell can bring 20W quadcore i5/i7 - that would be even better! Currently only BayTrail Pentium J can offer that. The irony is that we now (finally!) know that cholesterol is actually super important for us, so important that body manufactures it itself and there is no correlation between cholesterol-rich food and the actual cholesterol level in blood. Body uses it to patch veins when cracks or another damage appears there. So take statins, and you might end up with internal bleeding instead... It seems the main epidemic is long-term inflammation, causing many civilization illnesses. Sugar is one of the most inflammatory foods as well, as most simple carbohydrates. Well, whether you like or not, your main meta-goal seems to be "efficiency" from what you've written, so that seems to be your subconscious "ultimate goal" or "prime principle". This is why knowing about various philosophical currents is very important, because whether you are aware of it or not, you are making philosophical choices, and many of those were already made by people before you. That was the first thing that popped up in my mind when I read the title ;-) Null is probably also much older: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mu_%28negative%29 I am using at least two fast 64GB SD Cards in copy/mirror mode on my Nikon, and back up immediately to Blu-Ray after a photoshoot/hyperlapse/video. I would be absolutely happy to use 2x512GB! From my photography experience I noticed a lot more abnormalities than just tetrachromacy, which is not uncommon amongst artists. I had a model that was "seeing" colors in the sounds (synaesthesia) - she was often saying you talk to me in blue or that person has such a nice white voice. I've been tested for color vision and I am 100% accurate meaning I can discern subtle shades from each other precisely with no effort. I also have a very light form of synaesthesia manifesting itself by seeing a flash of light in the night right before an unexpected sudden loud noise (yet with observable latency) - like seeing a lightning just before hearing a thunder, even if the noise is not accompanied by any light. I was also always wondering if what I perceive as "blue" is the same as other people perceive as "blue"? What if the neural response in my brain wires the color sensation in the same way as other people perceive "green"? That would help to understand individual preferences for colors. Also, we know there are special cells in retina doing direction detection, edge detection etc. - what if this had a profound impact on how we individually perceive world around us? Somebody can have a strong edge or directional detection present in their view all the time, logically assuming it's normal for the others as well that are lacking that ability. We are just too diverse, and people are rather quiet in order not to risk being considered abnormal and marginalized, a common problem for artists in general. It's only a few milliseconds before the noise, I would have to develop Bruce Lee-grade reflexes to do anything about it ;-) I can't recall any pattern - all I remember is a dynamic amorphous shape with different light intensities in different parts, and this just quickly flashes in front of my "eyes", right before loud sound hits. 32GB is a limitation of iX Haswell, Ivy Bridge could use 64GB - Apple can't do anything about it. Let's hope Intel allows it for Broadwell-K (-Y,-U,-H variants will be restricted to at most 16GB)... You'd be surprised how fast you can run out of memory if you are mastering your own, non-professional 5k/4k video and applying some advanced non-linear operations such as video stabilization. It's not GPU accelerated, parallelism is limited by the nature of the algorithm which makes rendering farms useless. Do you need a power hungry and noisy server with slower single thread performance than a top end i7 just for additional RAM? On the other hand, beyond 32GB, ECC seems to be very important so you probably won't have any choice but to buy a proper workstation unless AMD makes a miraculous processor on par with i7 (as they do support ECC in all models). Exactly, Broadwell would also allow passive or almost silent operation. The new NUCs in Q1/15 look more promising than this. I started experiencing GPU panics on rMBP in the past week as well, I guess NVidia or related circuits have some issues. I switched it off using gfxcardstatus and now it's stable running on Intel HD only. Try to do the same - if it stops crashing, your discrete GPU might be damaged. I think it comes from trying to make screens appear like paper prints - some people love the feel of reading books/magazines and skeumorphic design elements feel disturbing to them. Median selling fee is 15% from the end price so if you run your own marketing/ads/sales, you can offer prices without this "tax". This pushes 3rd party sellers to either very low margins (especially in electronics) or higher prices on Amazon in exchange for discoverability and no need to run your own SEO/eshop/marketing etc. I am doing the original 7 minute workout 3 times in a row every 2-3 days as intense as I can (e.g. 56 push ups in 30 seconds) and I saw huge improvements all around my body after 6 months (my body type is between ecto and mesomorph). Later I combined this with strength exercises with 20-25kg dumbbells, i.e. 1st day 7 minute workouts, 2nd day fast interval strength exercises (particularly chest and upper body) with dumbbells and 3rd day rest. The 2nd set of exercises in the article seems worth trying as well! Well, I take different breaks depending on how I feel so I can start new 7-minute set either immediately or have some time to recover in between if I feel not so great on that given day. I basically started with the original set, for two months I tried to increase number of repetitions during each phase without hurting myself, then after I pushed to my peak intensity my body got adapted to it so I added a 2nd set at a lower intensity and was slowly increasing it. The same repeated later and I added 3rd set. Now I can push all 3 sets at the same intensity (actually, 2nd and 3rd are easier), and I tried adding 4th one but got an injury so I decided to stick with 3 as my optimum. Try to get enough electrolytes before training and ignore your personal trainer's suggestions to push hard from the beginning - initially go at 50% of what you think you can do and slowly increase this each new workout (personal trainers often want to show off and just kill the beginners). That way you'd avoid the "muscle week off" after a work out. Also, try to restrict soda, simple carbs and start slowly moving towards protein-rich foods, complemented with vegetables and fruits, so that you can build muscles. I started this a year ago, now my fitness is better than ever. Try to do the same intensity I do during 7-minute workout if you can't break a sweat ;-) - 56 push ups - 44 abdominal crunches - 36 chair steps up - 35 squats - 56 triceps dips on chair - 30 lunges - 20 push ups with rotation (all in 30 seconds) I thought the point of this exercise was to slowly allow you to raise your intensity to have a real interval training, all while being constrained by time. If you do Tabata sprints, they will kill you in 4 minutes. So it really depends on how intense you can go instead of the time it takes. Yes, it's a different form than you described. I go all the way down and basically go extremely quickly up and down without slowing down the fall phase. My muscles are explosive, I am a good natural fit for tennis, squash, basketball, ice hockey, alpine skiing, sprints, etc. not for endurance (this needs a lot of work). Moreover, I have a very good skeletal maneuverability that doesn't inhibit my movements as is the case with many other muscular people. Also, it took me ~6 months to get to this level. YMMV Just out of curiosity, how did you overcome slow HTML5 canvas' getImageData and pixel reading from an image affected by CORS (tainted canvas)? WebGL textures suffer from the same problem as shaders can be used to extract data. WebGL is hence using CORS as well. Do you say the performance penalty in WebGL is non-existing contrary to canvas? Just the call on getImageData to extract texture and read all pixels from an image can take 15s if CORS is in the play... OK, thanks for the hint! I'll try to play with CORSed image texture binding to see what the performance is. Not released for tablets on Play Store. Only smartphones... Just curious if this is true - I read somewhere that during WW2 long-term starving people (months) were able to cure their diabetes. There was also some paper about a drastic diet that allows pancreas to regenerate itself and resume normal insulin production. Can someone please shed light on this? Does this work on some subset of diabetes? Or is it just a hoax/unknown? I noticed when I push myself a bit deeper into the night (I normally go sleeping at ~10pm), then at around midnight when I am already tired I have the best ideas for composing electronic music. If I stay awake, I often continue until 2-3am with an outline of a song and while very very tired, I often finish something surprisingly good and balanced so that I just need to refine/add "candy" around to finish the song. Basically I trade enhanced creativity for discomfort and feeling awful the next day, and it works surprisingly well. Adding one important fact - computing color distance between two colors in order to identify similar colors doesn't work well in any color model (often matching colors with reduced vibrance). What you need to do is to define overlapping color regions (e.g. this is yellowish, that is greenish etc.) and treat this information as more important than the computed distance for similarity matching. Yes, that's an attempt to solve this problem however if you try to use it for color matching you'd find problematic areas there as well, hence you still need to use color regions. What would be the advantage of this comparing to PCIe/M.2 PCIe SSDs? Is it all about reduced latency, i.e. very small reads/writes would benefit? Developing bleeding edge software takes time. So you start writing your SW on a top end machine; in two years it becomes mainstream, which might coincide with the time of your first release. Moore's law worked perfectly for you here. If your display is over 1080p (I use 1920x1200), Linux (at least Mint 17) switches to HiDPI by default, reducing my effective resolution to 960x600... There is some obscure setting that can switch HiDPI off, but it's a mess overall for the time being as some apps still use HiDPI (like gdm). How do you survive with UX31A's touchpad in Linux? On my UX32VD it's the most horrible part of Linux experience (also battery drained while idle in 2 hours (2 SSDs) doesn't help) Yep, it's Cinnamon, I've just installed a Debian on a new server and switched to Cinnamon, and the same happened there as well... Cinnamon has scaling slider as well, HiDPI is a bit different thing (and a different option in general settings). I am guessing - is it because of HDMI and its abysmal bandwidth? Before with VGA the actual resolution of CRT monitors was limited by RAMDAC. And 10 years ago I was able to to have 2048x1536@70Hz on a top-end 15" CRT already. I guess as nowadays all digital signal is routed through content protection filter, the technology processing these streams wasn't performing well, causing stagnation in display resolutions for a long time (well, there was also a limit in DPI of CRTs and immature LCD tech). I guess only nowadays with HDMI 2.0, DisplayPort 1.3 or Thunderbolt we are getting to the point the digital signal can be "properly" controlled by content-protection chips, hence allowing 4K+ resolutions (though it's still a mess). EDIT: spelling Military is known for using aerospace-level glues such as Loctite to quickly close bleeding wounds of soldiers (~5 seconds). Is this something similar or a completely different idea? I find it funny as Yahoo has Netty which is far better performing and more capable than node.js... I concur, long time ago I was forced to use XSLT in a business interoperability setting and it was a nightmare when I needed to do any advanced (=competitive) stuff done; it ended up almost as incomprehensible as a multi-stage map-reduce algorithm. Now for my own e-commerce ETL system I actually had to do a transformation engine encompassing JSON, XML, SQL and NoSQL in Python and rather decided to stick with the KISS principle, allowing declarative stuff for basic simple operations such as multi-key joins and offloading advanced stuff directly to customizable Python scripts. So, deep neural networks are like artists, able to see a structure in chaos? Like when Michelangelo looked at a large stone, seeing David there immediately, so do DNNs recognize lions in white noise? We should applaud introduction of phantasy and imagination into science ;-) Given that Amazon takes already ~15% off end-price of most items and the competition is pushing most margins to Recently I started doing 72h salt-water only fasting once a month and my experience is that I get somewhat dizzy after 24h in the evening, but after a sleep I can perform normally without any need to eat, even including interval training and extreme uphill biking (slightly salty water is important here). This holds also for the 3rd day, again, absolutely no need to eat. Motivation were recent articles suggesting rejuvenation of one's immunity after 72h and subsequent feeding - will see if it works. However, I believe I can do that only after I went on low-carb/no-carb diet for the past 2 years - I remember feeling horrible the first month on this diet with what you could name as "brain fog" most of the days - I guess at that point my body was learning how to survive on low carbs. Anyway, fast forward, I am now far stronger, calmer (also due to 5 minute cold showers every day) and have brain clarity I haven't had in the past 10 years, which brings relax to what would most other people take as very stressful work, as the mind can perform and focus better and faster. Drink water with electrolytes during fasting, e.g. a little bit of salt. If you drink just normal water, it's hypotonic and you'll lose electrolytes, bringing you to a hangover-like state - that might be brutal then. I guess that's individual, you have to find what works for you. Some pro athletes I know (triathlon) do intermittent fasting twice a week and do strength training right after. I guess in the beginning once 1-2 weeks should get you started. Call it just email3, new version number can be hyped to regular Joe customers as being newer, therefore better. I can't imagine getting rid of files and going all cloud in my creative visual art projects - just one second of a 14-bit RAW YUV 4:4:4 5k movie takes gigabytes, even the latest M.2 PCIe SSDs have trouble playing it back realtime, not mentioning "slow" 1Gbit Internet connection at best, though definitely not for upload. I have a feeling we are getting backwards from the efficiency point of view and am thinking this won't be a sustainable way forward - even in distributed/parallel algorithms you try to keep locality to improve performance and save resources, not to transfer everything back and forth via some middle man just because some business guy came up with some "genial" idea how to milk money. Internet companies have a few chances to earn money, subscription being one of them, but massive push into useless cloud for their particular business cases like in the case of Adobe CC or Microsoft Office just leaves bad aftertaste. Also, Dropbox/GDrive don't allow incremental update API calls for 3rd party apps, which wastes precious upload bandwidth, and in addition end to end encryption fully controlled by user is not provided which would justify full uploads. All of this just screams of artificial constraints which do not benefit anyone, in the long term not even to those companies. Until transfer over Internet is faster than sending a harddrive via FedEx, there is not much hope. You need 4k+ camera for acceptable quality 1080p final result, 16k+ camera for good 4k, 32k+ for 8k, and this just brings to their knees the most powerful Intel processors or storage devices, not mentioning network... :-( Uncompressed 16-bit 16K for mastering high-quality 4K content? It is thought 8K will be the final TV resolution - for that you'd need 32K for a good quality output - I guess even current DDR3 would be too slow, not mentioning SSDs. I am searching for a business partner for eCommerce that would do the whole business part while I will be plugging in and extending automated sales technology I created and use in my other companies, with 50/50 equity split and the initial operating capital provided by me if necessary. However, almost nobody wants to start from scratch, growing the company as their baby (despite having the benefit of immediate use of my mature technology, spending at most 1 hour a day running the business anywhere in the US and non-interfering from my side on their business style except for advices on proven business model I operate and avoiding legal problems); they expect earning $100k within the first 3 months or so with no work at all. Sometimes I feel like there is an insurmountable obstacle between their dreams and effort they put into the work to get where they want to be... ...aaand the obfuscation of Java begins! He could accelerate his progress if he just did 50 cold calls to random strangers selling diapers a day - he would be super hardened after a week ;-) Does this apply in continental Europe as well? I doubt so. You can't give away your rights via any form of contract. Unfortunately, the only way to get fairly nice looking fonts on Linux is to use a 4k display :-( Even with font hinting, the quality you are used to from OS X or even Windows isn't there, and most people that develop Linux don't seem to have developed sensitivity for font quality, so you should not expect any improvements. Any time I look at my Debian server, I have that strange unpleasant feeling of fonts being somehow off. Ubuntu/Mint are better, yet still nowhere near the clarity of OS X. I am running multiple eCommerce businesses as a tech guy where I provide a platform that can be plugged straight to another business area with minimal costs - to take care of those areas I usually find a business person and offer a generous 50/50 split in equity and rights as I want everyone to feel useful and in control. What I noticed from some bad examples of business guys I tried something with is that some of them 1) don't have a clue nor willingness to improve 2) are very frustrated they don't own the additional 1% to be completely in charge 3) try to restrict the flow of business information towards me 4) treat tech as an easy thing that must work 100% on autopilot while they don't do much at all. Whenever this happens I give those persons an out; we can shut the business down immediately (for me it's just another business test that didn't go well and it needs to be resolved ASAP as I don't like to waste time) or those things must change. It's difficult to find a business person that doesn't want to become super rich in like one year and that really wants to treat the business as an equal partnership and have fun growing it. If you find one, stick with them, it's pure gold. I am probably in the minority, but even AbiWord looks way better than this new design - let's have simplistic monochrome icons on our 4k 10-bit displays everywhere! Also, the font on toolbars is sci-fi and not serious-work-like. Huge white spaces everywhere with gradients out of place. I like the new fonts (seems inspired by Yosemite) and the bottom shape panel is nice as well. Evolution of a photography gearhead: 1) Buy the best possible camera - no good pictures ever 2) Buy the best possible lenses - barely any good pictures 3) Buy the best possible lights - now we are getting somewhere 4) Learn how to compose and capture the moment - Bingo! Most people assume 1) and 2) are the most important, barely anyone does 3) and some do 4). Any digital camera since 2010 or so can produce breathtaking pictures with 4) and cheap zoom kit lenses, for studio work it's all about 3). Then to get to the ultimate pro level it's about Photoshop skills to finalize the look as desired. Placing stuff on your lens usually affects bokeh - try f1.4 in the night with distant lights in the background with something stuck on your lens - you'd see the effect everywhere ;-) I am getting similar specks from the dust on the sensor, not so much on the lens on a D7000. What I understood after studying CS for over 10 years at a few universities regularly ranked highly at ACM ICPC is that math is unnecessarily obfuscated to most people. There is even an excellent book "Concrete Mathematics" from Stanford that tries to bring fun back to math instead of drying people with some formal stuff without explaining how people over the centuries got to that structure. I honestly believe math language is seriously outdated. It's like using COBOL to express everything. Yes, you can do that, but would you really want to given a choice? The most trivial things are so insanely complicated in math it's unbelievable (try to describe geometrical objects with the current math formal language if you do computer vision), yet there is very little work on developing better formal language of math. It's like with Turing machines and the complexity theory - who is going to move around a tape in the real world besides some specialized biological systems, not mentioning magical 'oracles'? Those abstractions were useful in their day, brought their fruits, but why do we still stick to them and just increase the gulf between more and more closed-unto-itself-theory and reality? Yes, it's great some theory is super cool but what do we do when we find in 20-30 years that the set of objects satisfying this omnipotent theory is empty? And when somebody like Mochizuki invents their own formal language to solve some cool problem like ABC conjecture, we all hate him, refusing to read the proof because it doesn't follow our outdated formal ways... ...and polynomial hierarchy Yes, I am familiar with problem reduction. There are far simpler models for formal verification than Turing machines, e.g. Smullyan's top-down tableaux method - you make a simple functional snippet and immediately verify it using mostly general induction and easy-to-understand verification steps that can be almost automated. Going all the way to the Turing level would kill you time-wise to get to anything useful (even preparing description of your JavaScript machine in Turing terms) - Turing machine has infinite time available, you don't. Not to mention there are some issues with formal logic that might cause you problems (hint: why do medical doctors use counter-factuals and not mathematical logic?) "Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it" -- Donald E. Knuth Could it be that our understanding of DNA variations is incomplete? There was some article a few years back where a virus was observed mutating its RNA in what appeared to be some sort of algorithm, like running a virtual machine on proteins. What if DNA does the same, i.e. being not just data but also an interpreter with some changing memory? It's difficult to find anything relevant on Google nowadays :-( If I manage to find it, I will post a link As mobile CPU performance is getting into desktop territory, I see less and less reason to use some half-baked restricted OSes like iOS, Android or WP on a phone/tablet. What is however happening is that desktop OSes are being turned into mobile OSes, imposing ridiculous restrictions. It's all upside down now :-/ Basically, buy a NUC or 4K Android XBMC/Plex box, and use Smart TVs as dumb TVs with HDMI 2.0 input. BTW, I have just bought a Samsung UHD TV so it's completely necessary for me now... Try to kick out simple carbs (mainly sugar) from your diet, sleep well and start doing aerobic exercises like running, cycling, swimming. A lot of people reported improvement in their state - seems like exercise and better diet help balancing some neurotransmitter-related problems. Maybe you will be amongst the lucky ones that can fix it that way. Unfortunately, it seems there are no 4K dumb TVs :-( This site just reinforces my view that people are getting more insane and lazy, and to stick with releasing my own software under GPL... It won't prevent anyone from "stealing" my code (e.g. incorporating it into their own code without giving any credits nor releasing their modifications to the public), but at least their conscience will make them feel a bit worse, which I believe OccupyGPL is a sign of. I had my own share of rip offs when I generously released my SQL database server code under a more permissive license and as a consequence for multiple years students ripped it off for their own projects at one university I attended, and pretended they wrote it themselves... I am almost sure this is a machine learning fail on Google's side. Your site probably matches some spammy profile and they just treat their algorithms as objective truth beyond certain threshold. I think we should all get used to this broken AI everywhere for the next 20 years... So a seriously limiting concept from mobile/web world is making it into Linux as well? Soon we won't be able to do anything with our computers, but we will be "perfectly safe". Everything I dislike about iOS is now becoming mainstream. Disclaimer - I wrote a book about cryptology including TPM, secure boot loaders, PKI, etc. another one about 3D graphics and am very aware of the issues and trade offs. But sandboxing is a charming but ultimately silly solution that ultimately removes any capability from the hands of users and slows everything down - it already negatively affects graphics performance of browsers (tainted canvas anyone? how long would WebGL shader hack to bypass this work until we are forced to accept 100 pixels/second performance with sandboxing?). There are even rumors that Skylake is going to be slower and more power hungry than Broadwell due to SGX (we will see soon I guess). Is it really worth it? That reminds me when I took one business class during university studies and during the final exam I wrote a formula like: A * B D=------- C Well, this was rejected by the teacher stating that C should be under B and not A. Oh... I don't know how is it for you folks, but for me software is an enabler for a gazillion of things - whether it is art, science, education or practical tool for life. Many processes in software development resemble those used in arts (building cathedrals as an often mentioned example comes to mind), so in the end software can end up being art by itself. However it can be much more, it can be all of inspiring art, pragmatic tool, scientific instrument, fun making gadget, transcending and grouping all of this, and it can devalue everything as well, depending on what mental imprint it obtained from its creators. Ernest Hemingway to Irving Penn: "Your photos are really good. What camera do you use?" Irving Penn to Ernest Hemingway: "Your novels are excellent. What typewriter do you use?" How fast is this comparing to nested sets? Some time ago I did my own nested sets implementation in Oracle and for 100k+ records the path from a leaf to root as well as all sub-tree nodes retrieval took seconds with WITH and milliseconds with nested sets (2-3 orders of magnitude faster). You'd be surprised how many standards are made like this. Companies adding useless stuff due to political reasons, appending obfuscating things so that somebody can claim credit for that part of the standard, hiding the real agenda they want to pass, proposing exact opposites to what they want so that others stop their (ridiculous) idea in order not to give them any advantage that sometimes backfires and ends up in the standard anyway (but they would do it even for reasonable idea as they don't want to make life easy for a competitor), other companies blocking anything they consider a strategic threat to the way they do their business, and you'll end up with a horrible standard full of ducks and hairy hands... Add to it occasional groupthink and dyslexia and then wonder why most software standards are so horrible... I had the same on 15" rMBP, basically touchpad's edges "printed" on the screen with some more "stains" in other parts of the screen. It began with a barely noticeable horizontal line after around 8 months and got progressively worse and worse up to the point it was taking around 1/16th of the screen. I always used water to clean the screen. Ended up paying ~300 EUR for a replacement screen, no issues since. Apple didn't offer replacement for free. DST's obvious problem is precise computation with imprecise numbers - I saw some cases where people threw belief/plausibility numbers out of thin air to get whichever outcome they favored (all you need to do is to find a (preferably single) value where solution flips to the one you selected). A perfect rational framework for politics... 8k is considered to be the final resolution for digital displays as it should be sufficient for people with the best vision. Basically that's the mood in the industry for the past 5 years or so. I am using a 31" Cine 4k 10-bit monitor and barring the very latest M.2 PCIe SSDs, I can't even get realtime playback of uncompressed 14-bit RAW 4k@24fps footage on a top-end system (60fps is a sci-fi). Not to mention a top-end NVidia GPU won't allow me to smoothly run any recent game in best settings in 4k or UHD, experiencing occasional signal drop-outs while driving 4k x 2k @ 60Hz via DP or miniDP with expensive cables, slow progress of CPU performance improvements since 2004, and indeed it looks like it might be the case 8k will be the final digital TV resolution unless some dramatic technological change occurs. Cinemas with their large screens seem to be doing just fine with 4k. My 55" UHD TV shows noticeable improvements only when I stand closer than 1.5m, subconsciously I have a feeling of a better picture quality under 3m distance while driving 4:4:4 UHD@60Hz from a computer via HDMI 2.0 (YMMV) How far do you hold your phone from the eyes? Now compare it to your regular TV - how far do you watch it from? With 55" 4k UHD you'd get retina-style appearance from 1.5m upwards. Maybe it opens up a whole new lucrative market - from audiophiles to screenophiles ;-) It's not that simple. Normally you render significantly upscaled stuff in an off-screen buffer and then downscale it for the best possible appearance for every single frame . There are some ratios you need to keep, or you'd end up with Linux-style graphics "quality" (try scaling factor other than 1.0). If you just scale icon/bitmap once without thinking about this, it would look most likely ugly after upscaling/downscaling steps (unless you got lucky). It's like when you learn how to notice aliasing artifacts in photos taken with DSLRs. It cannot be unseen. So even if those issues are mostly noticeable in low-res, you "cannot unsee" them in higher resolutions anymore either. You aren't going to look at a monitor from the same distance as at your phone or rMBP. "Retina" is a function of distance. 1x1m pixel is retina when viewed from 1km ;-) Don't forget to make a Prolog as well. 48h should be sufficient as well ;-) As a former avid motorsports fan I believe all motorsport racing forms are dying as the cars are more and more considered a nuisance by young generations and they seem to have plateaued with their mechanical capabilities for a while. To return fun back to motorsports and enable everyone to compete if they want, I think best would be to have RC models with realistic characteristics (or even real cars) and real-time camera/remote driving ability. Most fun nowadays is in simulators anyway, no TV experience can translate to what one can experience in a simulator competing against other people (sorry F1). Things like renting a NASCAR on an oval or Porsche on a Nürburgring aren't for everyone. There is no longer awe associated with breaking records/introducing diverse tech into motorsports anymore. I guess previous generations had it better as they could watch how somebody breaks 190, 200, 210, ... mph barrier, run engines with 900, 1000, 1100hp for the first time, run two sets of rear or front wheels etc. None of that applies now, motorsports are now regulated and consolidated. New revival attempts introduce super ugly cars (look at IndyCars in the past 10 years, or even current Formula E), all mind-blowing racing that deviates from the norm is now banned (Zanardi's "The Pass" can't happen anymore), engines can't be pushed to higher hp unless we want to allow multiple casualties per race, as Firestone Firehawk 600 shown us in 2001 we already crossed the threshold of what humans can withstand and had to backtrack... F1 is now boring (who cares that some German guy in a red car wins?) and mainly a world unto itself with very little connection to the real world as the rules are a result of decades of political fights (i.e. they aren't representing technological pinnacle of what is possible rather what powerful people allowed each other). There were glimmers of interesting things happening with drifting etc. but they never had mainstream potential. I really don't see much future in this, the existing motorsports can be probably milked for a while with a proper marketing strategy, but the future lies elsewhere. All F1 rejects are in Formula E now. More like sophisticated human augmentations... Not just RAM but also TDP - 28W for that form factor is a bit too much. Current i5 NUC IMO hits the sweet spot - it's pretty powerful and can be made silent with the stock fan. I hope in the future Intel can squeeze i7-U into a Baytrail power envelope ;-) If you set fan RPMs to ~25% in the BIOS it becomes silent (at least NUC5i5RYH). I use it for distraction-free Linux-based development that way. I guess that's ArsTechnica's fault; other NUCs come with non-applied stickers in the box so I guess with 5i7 it's the same as well... Why didn't you go the co-CEO route instead? From my experience CEO has a tendency at some point to dominate other CxOs for whatever reasons (usually business guys view tech as inferior). Atom, 2GB RAM, Full HD for $499? No, thanks! I really hope it would work for you and you found a reliable CEO. Just recently a friend of mine, CTO of a startup, was cheated out of equity by CEO & CFO of the company he founded (while being assured all the time they are BFFs and bros). That's one of the reasons I would never go for less than co-CEO and a legal requirement to have my approval required for any decision... I would also love to see more engineers as CEOs. Resembles one of my universities where they were lowering valuation of problems after exams depending on success rate (e.g. a problem worth 4 points was reduced to 0.8 if too many people had it correctly, and a problem worth of 0.6 points rose to 5 points if almost nobody had it). So the smartphones replaced watches and now watches are going to have a sudden comeback? I must admit I got rid of all my watches except for a purely mechanical one with a mainspring since my first smartphone. For gym/swimming/running I have a special device with a chest strap - if Apple solved problems plaguing strap-less heart rate monitors I might be interested, however for $400+ definitely not. Get a NAS... One of my university professors used lyrics from folk songs to create passwords. Usually he took first characters of each word and created a long password out of them. He changed the song every week - I saw him often singing without a sound when he was about to login ;-) I use them for the past two years and can confirm I don't have problems looking at monitor for 12h if necessary anymore. I bought the cheapest ones just to test if I see any difference (at that time around $40) and it seems to be having a surprisingly positive effect on me. The only problem is when I am producing visual art - they have to go away when I am adjusting colors or the results are too cold ;-) Carrizo was supposed to be on 20-22nm originally however they seem to have dropped ball completely :-( Not to mention it is yet to be seen if consumers can actually get their hands on the low-power versions of Carrizo - I wanted to buy a low-power Kaveri for a NUC-style mini PC but there was never any possibility to get one via normal sales channels... I can live with 12W as it packs faster graphics than Braswell/Core M and possibly allows 2GHz+ DRAM chips so that memory is no longer such a painful bottleneck as with Intel chips. x86 license is not transferable so if AMD is acquired then bye-bye to AMD x86 chips. Core M allows passive form factors which to me is super important - having a notebook that doesn't sound like an airplane in a distance as it is the case with my rMBP and Zenbook Prime under full load is a major benefit. No noisy interruptions when I need to focus on solving some difficult problem and am most sensitive to external distractions. In my dark-tinted view from actual experience of working on multiple standards and the associated politics, I am inclined to say most standards are like this - on multiple occasions 95% of all people discussing what needs to go into a standard didn't even read the conceptual papers associated with them, yet ended up super vocal and forced their view. Maybe I was just unlucky, yet now I know what does it mean "design by committee" from an actual experience. I guess he meant that once an OS update is downloaded, it cannot be swept right and forgotten, but it stays in notifications forever. I have one Moto G I use as a bike navigation, don't plan to ever update it to Lollipop as I run only OsmAnd on it and it always insists on getting upgraded to 5.0.x. It really depends on what the license agreement between Intel and AMD is. We know they cross-license almost all their architectural stuff to each other; what are the exact conditions and consequences for acquisitions we can only guess. Triple interval training, upper body (mainly chest) strength training, cycling, tennis, most of it 2-3x a week. No free sugar, limited carbs, lot of broccoli, lean meat, eating till half-full, 3-day salty-water fast once every 1-2 months. Sleeping at 10pm, waking up at 6am. Reading a lot, being creative (photo/movie/electronic music), traveling around the world. Human growth hormone seems to be raised considerably after fasting for 16-24h which in turn supports strength training right after this period as the muscles grow naturally faster without any kind of "funny" supplements intake. Basically a body hack. You need to go slow. It might take easily 2 years just to build your core strength, improve joints and tendons before you can do all those crazy exercises. Obviously you started too high. Just be patient, don't get distracted by remarks you are weaker than a girl, don't add more than you can handle, and it will come ;-) My biggest gripe with Voyage is the silly restriction to 4GB and no SD card in order to make PDF viewing far less likely. A lot of scientific papers are available in PDF only as well as older books and magazines and they are considerably larger than Kindle's own format yet preserving layout nicely, so they are my preferred media. I don't care about uneven lighting (yellow-blue cast across the screen) as I turn the light completely off. Is there any e-reader with "retina"-style e-ink that is optimized for viewing PDFs/PostScript and allowing a SD card? In other words, if there ever were a nuclear war affecting the whole world, the generations after will be stuck with whatever remains they got forever, baring some unexpected easy energy discovery or a resource-rich asteroid hitting the planet without wiping out the life. How do you mine rust? Or thin surfaces of precious metals on electronics without the availability of chemicals which take a lot of fossil fuels to manufacture? I think the main reason is the unpleasant fact that desirable women under 30 like to have fun with attractive men (men that create a lot of interest amongst younger women and can exchange them frequently), which from 90% excludes all engineers. Once the age issues hit women, they look for reliable and stable partners that would consider them a win at their age, for which engineers are prime candidates. Sorry for being cynical, as a photographer I handle a lot of desirable women and talk to them about what is important to them at various ages, and as an engineer can observe this basic dynamics - i.e. a no-longer super attractive woman rejected by most desirable men because her attractiveness falters hooks an aging engineer that had a crush on her while she was in her prime, and stays with him due to a lack of better options and desire for some stability, while he is happy beyond measure to get such a (formerly) attractive spouse. Even experts can go terribly wrong; there are known embarrassing attacks that invalidated algorithms considered rock-solid for 10 years by some bright 15-year old students. Would you prevent those brights from tackling on better ways to do crypto because they aren't "top experts" yet? Most likely they will just run away in disgust and park their capabilities in less hostile field. Celebritism doesn't really work in science; it only prevents progress. Ad 2) most groundbreaking projects you know originated as messy ad-hoc personal projects and not in production-sanitized environments (look even at GPG, embarrassingly for crypto community with one almost bankrupt developer). Crypto-logy/graphy is an art, someone has a bright idea while lacking in other dimensions; the crypto community instead of embracing this idea and helping this person to bring something excellent to the world, shoots them instead down and point to obvious flaws that can be fixed in minutes by someone experienced, while keeping the new idea intact. The crypto requires such an enormous amount of talent that it is bright individuals, not companies, that make things move there, and quite often the more people involved, the worse results. I guess they got confused - LP was probably used as a relaxation step of branch and bound for TSP (many Russian-sphere books referenced such algorithm and I think branch and bound appeared first time in literature in connection with TSP) so the author conflated the two. He is absolutely right. For those of you in the downvote mood please search about the hidden bonus given by NOKIA's board to Elop in his original contract for selling off phone division and then carefully evaluate the steps he did. His execution was almost perfect in the light of this "small part" of his contract. No wonder. Recently I bought Nikon D750, "camera of the year 2014", and barely see any difference to D7000 (except for high ISO where D750 is stunning), the skin is still as mushy and features flat as always. Then I bought Sigma SD1 Merrill, with a 3-layer Foveon sensor that is probably the closest to a film-equivalent digital camera and the studio portrait photos are simply breathtaking despite camera being a slow clunker with horrible high ISO. I really can't go back to D750 now, all pictures feel flat, details hidden, unnatural noise at ISO 100 etc. It might be that those that like to stay with film don't like the effect of most digital sensors. If you search on photography forums, plenty of people are displeased by digital look, and if you have a perfect color vision (like I do), it sometimes hurts... There is of course a lot of nostalgia and desire to be different while sticking to film. Technically in most measurable characteristics digital sensors vastly outperform film, yet there are some subtle characteristics we perceive they have hard time to replicate (like microcontrast). Of course, some digital cameras bring their own "artistic license" to the mix, like Canon is known for pleasant color palette and being very flattering to a model look, and many people then prefer such a look to anything shot on film which looks more realistic. With rare exceptions, Germany is like 5-10 years behind US in tech. Imagine how bad is it in other countries... It's not even funny, Europe is completely losing it. They are unfortunately exceptions and will never reach proportions of US corps due to not having access to "free money" like in the US via VCs (and also crazy tax rules in EU). When you talk to actual German entrepreneurs, many of them say that "first I raised all the money myself and then the bank was willing to lend me a similar amount with the money I raised as a collateral". So either you get money by political connections (which means you will be operating a China-style buddy company and not a competitive one), or you'd have to bootstrap it yourself with slow growth and high probability somebody in a more agile country with a better access to capital will copy your idea and squeeze you out etc. I was writing about software. Of course everyone knows German cars are much better than US ones (even the dumbed down ones sold in the US that don't need to handle speeds over 100mph). Obviously, US doesn't care about trains, Silicon Valley has like one line comparable to average S-Bahn line and nobody cares anyway. As for your lack of a middle man in paying online via 'Bankeinzug', instead of merchant bearing the cost of payment, you're depending on how many free transfers your bank gives you until it starts charging you fees for any additional transfer (and Amazon often splits your charges per item so you are likely to run over your limit easily). One of the reasons I would be happier if there were more emphasis in real math/geometry algorithms on "range" processing, i.e. treating each "number" as a scaled "range" instead and figuring out how to combine these ranges in every step to get some stable solution. Most often I see programmers just bashing analytic formulas like they were computing something precisely and then being surprised that results are way off. Imagine computing curve intersections by a combination of analytical and iterative method and then figuring out if such an intersection is unique or if it is some existing endpoint... He is recommending EVO. Given 840 EVO has problems with read performance deterioration for old data and the fact that Samsung doesn't even acknowledge similar problems with 840 non-EVO (I have one in an ultrabook I don't use too often and was shocked to see And I obviously referred to JS just passing its teenage years, which I would prefer it didn't manage to. I am one of those crazies that are implementing a desktop-like functionality app for creatives in a browser, created a car racing game in pure JS without a single 3rd party library, did computer vision in a browser via webcam etc. and every time I have to use JS/DOM/CSS it just makes me feel I need to go to Queenstown and jump off the Kawarau bridge... Not to mention that as a Mozilla fanboy I even use bleeding edge Firefox OS on my primary business phone. Well, that's how most companies actually work. Substitute mushrooms for employees. And add: when they grow big, cut them off. Maybe we have implemented, maybe one maybe more than one. Aren't we allowed to say what we think? Good job & good luck! ;-) I am not sure why anyone cares how RMS does his computing? Would you complain about Michelangelo using his chisel in a certain way and not in your preferred way? Or Gaudi drawing just with ordinary pencils on a thin paper instead of using all the technology available in his age for initial drawings of his architectural wonders? Get over it. For both imaging and audio even 64 bit doubles aren't sufficient if you use many filters together. A quick question from a Rust noob: if I knew Python, why should I try Rust? What is in there that would make my life better? At first glance I see a lot of unimportant syntactic sugar or concepts I am not sure would make my life any easier (ownership tracking vs garbage collection). I run an exponentially growing fully automated business that is limited by my available operating capital. If VCs are useless (or finding a good one is a lottery), what are the other reasonable ways to raise capital (that don't eat all the profits nor want to control everything)? I would prefer Vinod's brutal honesty to fake politeness any time. I speak 8 languages, 4 super fluently, 2 sufficient for daily communication and 2 so-so for special occasions only, and learning continuously. They are all from different groups without many commonalities (Germanic, Romance, Slavic, Sino-Japanese). For Sino-Japanese there is the odd disparity between the ability to read and ability to write that doesn't exist in the other groups, as well as a single character having different sound depending on context. Slavic languages are crazy because they can form sentences in any order and the order changes meaning substantially, something that doesn't exist in orderly Germanic languages. Romance languages often add terms related to feelings that do not have any corresponding term in another languages. I would disagree that learning one language helps you with another unless they are from some kind of language continuum - languages are so vastly different (especially depending on geographic distance) when you try to really master them, often full of idiomatic expressions and expressions you can't understand unless you grow in the historical context the language developed, and accurate translations are basically impossible. Some even use completely different causal logic (like Aymara), or miss elements considered basic in other languages (directions absent in Hawaiian) etc. Learning languages is driven by curiosity, was handy a bit while traveling around the world and it helps to be near some language school, attend parties with people from all around the world and just have fun trying to chat together natively ;-) This way I could express that the majority of the speakers struggle with reading/writing asymmetry, whether they are Japanese, Mandarin, Cantonese speakers, in Taiwan or speak another related language. That is true for CPU, how about GPU? Tegra K1 is >1Tflop which would be the total computing power available in 1994. Just a question - why is immutability considered a performance improvement when in general it leads to performance degradation? I always assumed it supports a nice conceptual framework when dealing with difficult parallel algorithms but that's about it. For one, there will be a fiber deficiency if you stick with Soylent only. It's like juicing every day - strip fruits of most of the fiber, release immediate sugar into blood and welcome diabetes with open arms! The whole concept of Soylent feels to me like a typical reductionist approach - let's mix some stuff together and all will be good. It's like trying to control your weight by calories - calories are the roughest, least precise way to decide what you need to eat (are you literally burning your food in fire when you digest it?) and completely ignores your metabolism characteristics and state of your health. It's like measuring programming capabilities by the number of lines written, yet we still somehow stick with it when planning our diets. Please people, do your research, don't endanger your health by following what look like trendy geeky diets! It's amazing to see that Terry achieves more than most healthy programmers. Kudoz and all the best! Yikes, I had to stop when the author mentioned MapReduce for computing shortest distance. That's one of the problems for which MapReduce approach is extraordinarily bad. Excellent article! Thanks for sharing! I am glad to learn something new today! ;-) Your 2nd link describes Pregel, Google's distributed graph database specifically built for these kinds of tasks. They were using Map Reduce prior to that, but it was a cascading mess. If you want to see Chinese Tang architecture, visit Japan. If you want to see Chinese Ming architecture, visit Korea. If you want to see Chinese Qing architecture, visit Beijing. If you want to see contemporary Chinese architecture, visit Africa ;-) Hooray! Can't wait to use some real language for web apps finally! We might be at the brink of a revolution due for a long time! Imagine you create a JVM or CLR to WebAssembly converter. All languages and tooling available for them are instantly available for web. Life's good ;-) Add a bit of salt/minerals to your water or you risk lack of electrolytes, but you probably know. I feel a bit dizzy at around 20 hour mark, past this I feel absolutely fine, can do interval training like always and have no hunger at all. On 3rd day I can start noticing some physical limitations, like when I tested how many hills can I climb on a MTB until I hit the wall hard (shaking muscles, mild spasms etc.), and the time I can spend doing athletic level of activity decreases every day (like 6 hours in the beginning to 1 hour after two weeks). I would suggest the following: - write all functions related to math/geometry/combinatorics in pure functional style, even better with accompanying mathematical proofs to be sure they are principally sound (you won't avoid problems with floating numbers etc. that way) - think about using functional programming in parallel/distributed tasks if you can manage communication complexity directly (i.e. this is not handled to you by some opaque, un-debuggable monad) - write everything else in imperative style of your choice I/O is the elephant in the room of functional programming, monads are "imperative" hacks to make functional programming useful in any real-world-related way, and most monad tutorials will only confuse you about what they are actually. The problem is that category theory is "elitist", i.e. most programmers aren't equipped to comprehend even the basics properly if they didn't study theoretical computer science, computability theory, recursion theory etc. or even philosophy :-( Can you install Linux on it, i.e. is the boot loader unlocked? If so, it can be a great air-gapped stick for generating and storing keys and certificates on the go. From an experience of working on a distributed enterprise messaging server (one of the top sellers with some super advanced stuff like automatic failover, a client opaque to errors, TX and HA), the conclusion is that what could go wrong will go wrong in a distributed system. My favorite were distributed deadlocks; losing messages with certain cluster configurations under specific conditions was close second. If you support multiple OSes, they are all very different at the very bottom level and sometimes socket states and their transitions are just plainly weird (and undocumented). Fun is also caused by the "observer effect" - if you try to maximize throughput and something goes wrong, once you enable logging, the problem disappears (and of course throughput goes way down). Transaction processing is also yummy, 2PC obviously can't be recovered in all possible failure cases, 3PC is sensitive to network partitioning, checkpointing might run into local storage problem etc. We had our own distributed testing suite as well as standard conformance tests, yet these were badly insufficient and were more like firing off a shotgun and hoping it would help. So we are going to get a half-baked me-too search engine in Spotlight (yet you can't even search properly in AppStore), similar to a half-baked me-too Facebook in Google+, a half-baked me-too search engine in Bing, half-baked me-too Uber in RideWith, etc. Are all major technology companies going insane recently? Did creative folks escape and only unimaginative ones stay? Nice! Just a question - are there distributed versions of these somewhere as well? It's for operations research stuff (like logistics, scheduling etc.), not software optimization. I had some bizarre experiences with both FB and YT content policing. First, I performed a Chopin piece on piano and it was instantly flagged by YT's content matching system. They reinstated it when it was evident from the video it was me performing. Second, I created a timelapse video and uploaded it to both FB and YT, using a classical music piece performed by US Army Orchestra (public domain) as background music. FB disabled it within an hour, after filling counterclaim they reinstated it for one hour and then suddenly completely removed without any chance to appeal. YT flagged it within one day and after appealing they put it back in a few hours and it's there since. This matches results I got in the 90s on a 486DX2 - fixed point math was faster than Bresenham's even when both were implemented in ASM (and both gained significant speedup comparing to their C/Pascal implementation I used as a prototype for ASM code). You could use Bresenham's idea even for bitmap rescaling (if you understand the idea, you can probably use it in many rational-number iterative algorithms), and x86/DOS allowed you to overwrite instructions in code segment in case you ran short on registers (hint - use MOV XX, [constant] and then overwrite CS:[constant offset] with the value needed in one of the inner loops). Nowadays nobody would use these though as nobody likes non-antialiased lines anymore. In addition, Web Animations that are supposed to replace SVG SMIL can't even animate basic transforms (rotate, scale, translate, skew) independently as they are based on CSS and inherited all its limitations. Imagine you need to set a different easing to rotation than to rescaling (which is a totally basic thing in animation). Good luck with that in CSS and upcoming Web Animations... High school popularity contest... I've just had a simple idea while thinking about the conflict between privacy, freedom, law and democracy and its effect on the Internet. How about designing a new set of protocols that would be using the highest degree of available cryptography and obfuscation, minimizing leaking of traceable information, but having a democratic voting mechanism in its core (Paxos-style?) for "de-privacing" sources of information/traffic shall the majority of users decide (in cases clearly violating laws in grave matters etc.)? Direct democracy-style. How much of a pipe-dream would that be? What would be deficiencies of this approach and how could they be addressed? Is this even technically doable in a de-centralized fashion? Would apathy or malice of general population be the main risk? The motivation is that nobody would like to have all their private matters out in the open (which is a fact nowadays), but we need an efficient way to enforce reasonable laws (like preventing child abuse, selling hard drugs, illegal arms etc). Yes, that was one of the main points of architecture overhaul. Pros: - 64GB for desktop (finally!) - 26 PCIe lanes (i.e. multiple fast M.2 PCIe NVMe, making 5k/4k RAW video previewing possible in real-time) OK: - very small performance increase comparing to Haswell two generations ago (Broadwell?) - DDR4 performance matches XMP DDR3 performance; to see any difference you need to use quad channel configuration - SGX, the jury is out on this one (double-edged sword, could improve security but also turn into a complete malware mess due to enclave isolation and inability to detect running encrypted botnets once they gain ring 0) Cons: - power consumption is up (!?) - no AVX-512 for desktop When the letters for the new companies run out, will they form kan.ji? ;-) If only they had a non-chiclet keyboard... I guess I have to wait till retro ThinkPad :-( I guess I'll have to 3D print custom keys then... Yes, for you. For me, definitely not. I am getting close to RSI when using any chiclet keyboard besides MBP that somehow made it fairly acceptable but still inferior to original ThinkPad. The rest, like newer ThinkPads, ASUS, Dell, Toshiba etc. are just plain awful, I feel pain in my wrists after ~20 minutes of using them. And a lot of touch typists complain about chiclet keyboards as well. Flatness everywhere is getting absurd recently. Yes, chiclet keyboards look often better (well, it's the opposite with ThinkPad actually, they IMO look much worse than their original keyboard) but I prefer ergonomy to aesthetics when creating algorithms - the last thing I want is to feel pain in my wrists during a creative phase of coding when I need to write, delete, rewrite and refactor a lot of code, seriously. Also, as a pianist I can notice subtle differences in the quality of keyboards. There is also one rule when playing on a piano - once you feel pain, you stop, you do something wrong or the instrument is not suitable for you and you'll injure yourself unless something is changed. Microtests should be bonuses; they should contribute to your final grade but you should be able to get A on the final exam even with 0 bonus points. So for a person that works during the year this alleviates the final exam pressure while allowing others that for any reason weren't scoring a lot to prove they mastered what was required. Plausible deniability? With LUKS everyone can see your volume is encrypted; to avoid that you'd have to use plain dm-crypt/cryptsetup, randomize your drives (time consuming) and manage keys yourself (too much work). Imagine somebody decided to use $5 wrench method on you right after you randomized your RAID ;-) They can always hire even more incompetent batch than they had in the past 3 years. And my suspicion is that it was forced upon them from management that probably stays in place to make sure there is no improvement in the future either. It's usually the opposite - the reasonable ones that were fighting this insanity are the first to go and the ones fully on board with whichever stupid idea from management will get their role strengthened... Which DSLRs can do 4k 4:4:4 RAW in $5k price range? I use them for all my credit/ID/etc. cards now. They should lower the maximal distance for reading so that someone has to be super close to your card to read anything. It's not 100% but for practical purposes should be sufficient (e.g. rogue RFID reader at the airport reading all passing by cards from 1m distance etc.) There is a significant difference between recording RAW FHD and recording RAW DCI 4K/UHD - the latter requires over 1GB/s sustained recording device which is a major engineering challenge. Only nowadays with PCIe based SSDs we finally have technology for it (baring multiple RAID SSDs used in production cameras before PCIe SSDs). Technologically it is indeed revolutionary. 312.5MB/s is only for ProRes 444, which is a lossy compression scheme and you don't want to use that before post production (from Apple: "The R, G, and B channels are lightly compressed, with an emphasis on being perceptually indistinguishable from the original material."). For RAW multiply requirements by ~4x. Read the parent of my comment. You are doing recursion here ;-) Yes, though for someone as spoiled as me working on 5k/8k hyperlapses with D810/5Ds and getting absolutely gorgeous RAW footage where post-processing filters can do miracles, I vastly prefer shooting 4k RAW, which puts a lot of strain on technology, be it camera, storage and computer as well (nothing on the market is fast enough and no amount of storage is sufficient). The results when viewed on a UHD TV via 4:4:4 mode are phenomenal though. Of course, with 4:2:0 H.264/H.265 it doesn't make much difference and for scaling it down to FHD ProRes 4444 is sufficient anyway. Basically there is no way a new "The KLF" could spawn nowadays... ...and now just VCL port to GCC please! Intel Jimmy/HR-OS1 for $1600 with Intel Edison and Raspberry Pi 2, runs on Linux, has an SDK/AppStore, customizable 3D printed body and planned support for computer vision. Ordered one, next month should arrive, can't wait 8-) http://www.21stcenturyrobot.com AFAIK the problem with the old sensors was that they were manufactured at 100s of nm which was really bad for low light. As Sony is now pushing sensor manufacturing down to CPU-level, the sensitivity increases significantly. Once they hit the current cutting edge 14nm process, we can expect significant low-light gains as well. How about smaller, lower-voltage electronic parts cause lower interference, noise and banding, contributing to significant improvement of quality of reading of a sub-pixel value (or pixel layer in Foveon), improving quantum efficiency of the sensor, especially its incident photon to electron ratio? And allowing substrates with better characteristics at smaller scales? Why would you call it "liberated"? Stuff like SmallTalk wouldn't be possible if programming was turned into math (and SmallTalk is way too cool by allowing changing any part of its image on the fly and redefine all rules), and frankly I don't understand why mathematicians want to take over a completely different domain, computing. The relation between computing and math is more like the relation between physics and math. It's great to have multiple paradigms, why restrict oneself to a functional one when there is so much more? As someone that has to dip into exotics like relevance logic just to somehow get closer to the mode my brain operates in while programming, either the math is seriously undeveloped/undecidable in areas of my interest, or just not capable of much help in what I set to achieve. And I have extensive knowledge in functional programming including proving correctness using Smullyan's tableaux on the fly all the way from very primitive axiomatics up to complete arithmetic in predicate logic. Often in those exotic logic kinds (which I deem necessary) trivial things aren't provable, yet they seem to model actual human reasoning much better and that is my main interest. With computing I am able to actually do some work in this area, with math, due to aforementioned limitations, not so much. Most mathematicians can't see beyond binary predicate logic :-( Long-distance running makes me feel absolutely horrible, with Tabata 4 minute sprints after 3 minutes I can't feel my legs anymore and I can sleep after drinking 5 cups of strong coffee - does it mean my body is wrong or another scientific article is? I do running because my body needs it but hate it profoundly, and together with long cold showers and weightlifting it's about training my will to overcome unpleasantness to the point of torture. Only once in my life I got runner's high, and it wasn't anything special. On the other hand, how to change your body to get the leptin response mentioned in the article? If it is genetic, am I out of luck and these kinds of exercise will make me feel horrible all the time? There is no Delaware. Taxes are paid regardless of whether the company hits $1M revenue or not, salary taxes are high, health/social insurance is mandatory and paid for the most part by the employer, there is a minimal salary, extensive bureaucracy and you can't sign away most of your rights if necessary for company survival. Moreover, some countries impose rules which make starting up with little to no money impossible (Germany). This doesn't have anything to do with my preferences; frankly I am disgusted by it, but it's a common practice in the US to sign away the rights if you want to get funded by many VCs. So those VCs obviously prefer US as they can't (if "necessary") do the same shady moves in Europe (yet). My sympathies to you - I am going through something similar - I just kicked out my partner (and shutting down one of my companies as a consequence) who was supposed to handle business side of our e-commerce company that I almost-100% automated as he started to express exactly the same attitude as Billy. He had 50% profit share yet became lazy to the point of refusing to deal with customer returns and customer communication unless those are fully automated as well (the company has 100 seller rating on Amazon, dozens of 5-star feedback only, significant revenue and was profitable for what amounts to 5-10 minutes of effort a day). Funny thing is I can respawn such a company in a week, yet all I got was some stupid power game with very little work from his side and behaving like he was my boss and I was his slave, working on his "ideas" (while he was invited by me into this company based on the ideas I already executed in other companies I created prior to this one and his task was to get the business-stuff load off me so that I could focus on creating "intelligent" automated systems instead of dealing with the boring business side). Fail fast, kick out people that went full retard, they aren't worth your time nor effort, seriously. You can do way better on your own. Good for you! Good luck with your own company! ;-) I only license my software to all companies I have in order to avoid being stripped of my IP and I recommend it to anyone with a brain. Business guys aren't your friends, and their view of us that have both ideas and capabilities do execute is not very flattering. Usually they just want to ride someone and once we serve our purpose, we are disposed of. What is perplexing to me is that I offered him a very generous 50% share (the intent was to motivate as well as to have the need to come with real solutions when we hit some problem so that we are forced to agree on something and view the issue from multiple angles to avoid tunnel vision) in exchange for him doing the business stuff and customer side for the company (meaning arranging suppliers, building supplier relationships, handling customer returns and communication etc.) and having the ability to be plugged into a company that requires very little work (the closest to the definition of "easy money" as I could get) in super competitive environment of Amazon utilizing bleeding edge tech I invented that gave us highest Amazon ratings, both internal as well as customer satisfaction. Yet there was always enormous frustration of not having that single dominating % more than me, worsening attitude to do the required work, secretiveness, and once it started to manifest itself in not working on customer issues in timely manner and alienating supplier relationships that took a lot of time and effort to build, I had enough and kicked him out. Funniest thing was him coming back and demanding my SW as well as credit for his "ideas". Well, you learn as you go, next time I will prepare stronger rules for business guys. Guys, to all of you, creating your own company costs you like $1000 in the US, it's a fixed amount of additional stress you need to handle, you'll get used to it quickly, and you don't have to waste your precious time with people that have no clue what they are doing just want to use you to get rich for nothing. Anyone can suggest brands for high quality fake mustaches and asymmetric sunglasses? ;-) Funny how both fruity and glassy company "inspire" each other - first fruit's version of surface, now glass' version of a "book" :-D Exactly! I wish Gobo and its filesystem structure was used more outside Brazil! How would you program mind if you were writing a simulation? Some vitamins (A, D, E, K) are fat-soluble, so good luck not eating any fat and significantly increasing your risk of getting cancer. A lot of people have problems absorbing vitamin D from food on their own; helping them even more with low-fat food is wonderful /s. Also, milk from properly fed cows contains conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), aka Tonalin, which helps weight loss, despite being a kind of trans-fat, which we all know is dangerous /s. I am always puzzled while in the States that I can't buy anything non-low fat and barely a single brand of unsweetened yogurt even in Whole Foods; it feels like I am forced to buy only inferior food over there, guys. I then imagine your food industry extracting most of beneficial fat from milk products and selling you supplements containing those ingredients for significantly higher price... Total 0% Is there any relation to the study that suggested AD is diabetes type 3? Insulin resistance + fungi? HGST 8TB is keeping its high price for about a year already. Prior to that they had wonderful 4TB drives for ~$100 for home NAS, the price for 8TB version is like 6x higher and their 4TB drives are no more since WD acquired them (and Seagate's 8TB home drives have poor reliability, HGST being the only reliable HDD manufacturer atm). Seems like we are in a sort of a limbo when there aren't any reasonably priced SSDs >1TB and HDDs are stuck at 8-10TB for a while already. As for SSDs, most of the optimization goes to improving bandwidth (where most people won't notice a real-world difference between an SSD plugged into SATA2 and M.2 PCIe baring 8k/4k video creation), but anyone will notice a real-world difference in increased IOPS, which no company cares about and they plateaued at ~100k IOPS for the past few years (i.e. some of the low-end Sandisk SSDs with 4k IOPS are subjectively as slow as HDDs). Or you can get some top quality VST for ~$2-3k (like Nexus 2) and a MIDI-controller with a plenty of knobs where you can map anything you wish for your sound synthesis in a DAW, far more versatile for your creative expression than most physical synths ;-) For many starters Mininova or Microkorg would be totally sufficient, with exotics like Korg Kaossilator for additional creativity. IMO the best setup nowadays is to have an ultrabook, a few pads/MIDI controllers, a mixer and maybe a studio 88-key MIDI keyboard if you really need it, that's it. Plenty of people are using 2-3 iPads for their whole live music production as well. You and your daughter will end up as people that can contribute something great to the society; most of the ones skipping the homework without innate talent not, and they will complain about how unfairly are they treated because they are smart. One of my piano teachers was forced to practice through tears as a kid because they saw the talent she had. She went on to becoming a world famous child prodigy playing grade 8 pieces by sight-reading with unbelievable ease. Work is required if you want to achieve something. You just need to find the right balance, and it's neither "no work" nor "work all the time". Slack is basically IRC with "subjectively nicer" design and helpful integrations, e.g. your builds, deployment, compilation progress can show up on separate channels, you can see if somebody mentioned you on twitter etc. You get the idea. Principally it's just extended IRC, maybe they even use slightly modified IRC protocol underneath for anything chat-wise. A question - statistically how much better is it than producing OBBs via applying KLT/PCA on the (x,y,z) coordinates, obtaining major/minor covariance axis? I used that one for my SW 3D engine and was quite happy about it - very fast eigenvector computation and only orthogonal projections needed. Sure, that issue was prevalent with low-poly models but I doubt it's an issue with current model complexity. I basically wanted to understand how much of an improvement can I reasonably expect shall I decide to implement their algorithm. Microsoft has essentially forced me to turn off Windows Update on all my Windows 7 machines/partitions and migrate everything I can to Linux. All I am waiting for is SteamOS delivering AAA games to Linux and I won't need to touch future Windows ever again. How can you justify using Windows for enterprise work if due to new policies you can't be assured you can keep anything you work on secret? I am not willing to keep the possibility open of sharing my competitive advantages with whomever is in bed with Microsoft's management to capitalize on my ideas. Can somebody please tell them to get back to their senses and become trustworthy again? Do I need a dedicated NUC running super-secured *BSD/Qubes filtering out traffic towards known Microsoft servers while using Windows 10? Hahaha, came here to say exactly that. So, Red Hat is the next Nokia now? So we need to go through the legalese in detail and make new definitions of slightly modified original concepts so that the law can't be applied to them anymore - like what the pharma industry does with rebranding old medicine by changing the formula slightly. Ideally, that should also be polymorphic in nature, i.e. the definition/implementation could be changed easily algorithmically. Unless there is some radical change to the law making it algorithmic, it would always be trailing a few years behind. As an EU citizen, it's mind-boggling to see the sheer stupidity of our politicians in the past 2-3 years... Did you try taking zinc right after an onset of symptoms? I experimented with that one and had like 50% probability of getting over some common viroses within one day. I am looking for something that can replace RPi2/Edison in my humanoid robot for real-time computer vision. Is Jetson TX1 a good candidate? Is it a drop-in replacement with a similar power envelope as RPi2/Edison, i.e. can be powered by a small LiPo battery? I consider 4 years of my highschool a complete waste of time and would have loved to jump straight into a university right after elementary school. It would have been great to have OCW available at that time and not having to do everything myself including finding relevant books/sources. Good for Ahaan he escaped it and I wish him the very best of luck @ MIT! Large raises and faster promotions come from your perceived value and nowadays is mostly achieved by networking and politics. Identifying problems and solving them is often a threat to all levels above you, often managers play games by introducing inefficiencies and then pretending to solve them slowly, keeping their perceived utility and visibility high, and you identifying and solving some of these poses an existential threat to their fiefdoms. If you can identify/solve problems, start your own business and have your old company becoming your customer instead. I've seen grade-A employees being kicked out during layoffs and deadwood remaining, so YMMV. A lot of it depends on the company culture and on the personal goals of managers and their ability to sell whatever they intend to their higher ups. So who is going to be interested in motorsports when in 15+ years AI beats the best human drivers? Not only the races will be boring (cheering for an automaton Lewiz Hamiltobot?), but all humans would look like total losers. The "easy" way for AI is to record all telemetry of a super fast human lap and then tweak it with machine learning for subsequent runs. No human is going to be 100% consistent all the time. Sure, but would you watch it for getting adrenaline rush from racing? At some point it would end up as who has the best "non-linear controller" wins (i.e. human is your non-linear controller now), then all of them will have it and all the tweaks will be in some optimization techniques and different objective functions. And your objective function would have to feature penalty for "killing yourself" (well, do you want to rebuild your car after each turn? I guess not...), so I would expect the cars will be actually pretty slow due to this initially, like Google's own. Human motorsports face the problem that all physical records were shattered and humans already crossed the edge of their abilities (i.e. driving 250mph on the ovals is the limit before drivers pass out)[1]. So yes, there could be something interesting for a normal human to see that robotic cars suddenly could push 300, 350, 400mph etc. But what would this do to human motorsports? Relegate them to 'meh' category, basically killing the whole sport as humans would look like kids from a kindergarten comparing to robots. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firestone_Firehawk_600 Hooray, finally somebody uses relevant logic without contraction and without the distribution of conjunction over disjunction! Ponerology Huh, how about setting up a local shop filling bottles with air from a purifier? /s Excellent! Thank you! Guys, do you consider making an edX/MITx course on Deep Learning based on this book as well? It's about whether you can manage your time properly - I thrive in a "digital nomad"-style work. I programmed on the beach in Barcelona via their free Wi-Fi, overlooked Pu'uhonua o Honaunau while writing some advanced math/programming stuff, had a blast jumping off bungy, rafting and MTB downhill in New Zealand between the session of writing world-class code many people use now etc. It's all about whether you can focus . Learn to focus 100% on what you need to do, leave your brain rested by doing crazy inspiring things on a side and you'll manage digital nomad lifestyle and your output will be far higher than sitting in an office, especially open one. I noticed when I focus for 3-4 hours on some tough problem, then interrupt and do something completely unrelated or sleep, I get surprisingly many ideas quickly leading me to a solution. If I just sit in front of a monitor, it might take a week to solve the same. Weird, but works for me. I did this for 15 months, 1-2 months in one place. Renting a room/house on AirBnB is significantly cheaper if you book it for a month, hipmunk allows you to chain destinations so that you don't need to buy return tickets, and you can be one month in Canada, next in Japan, then in Australia, as you feel like. Go for it! It was the best year of my life so far ;-) Programming on a distributed team as well as having my own automated businesses. Top salary & equity, i.e. I can spend the whole month in hotels if I wanted. Travel photography income on a side (pro level). Can somebody please download them all and seed them? Rest In Peace Ian! Thanks for Debian! For the rest of you working on free stuff for humanity - go dark now, the times have changed, don't expose yourself in public. And start lifting! Could be a major head injury that is later fatal if untreated - that can cause immediate personality changes. I don't think Ian was used to be beaten regularly to withstand that... Just to get to the "vivid dream" part first... Frankly, I don't see any appeal for Uber in Europe - here most Taxis can be called/booked online and dispatch a car to wherever you are within 5 minutes. I understand in the US this is difficult and is the main appeal of Uber. Here in Europe - well, we had this for around 15 years already, what's the point? So you are telling us that if we had a PhD, multiple awards from previous companies for actual work and not politicking/backstabbing/brownnosing, Coursera/edX certificates relevant to your area of business with almost 100% success rate on their most difficult courses, can program in 50+ languages, you would still ignore our past success and we have to go through your normal hiring process? I am sure this would bring you plenty proven world-class talent... /s Your problem would be that such talents don't have time nor need to complete whatever assignment you give to them. What if they programmed a core of enterprise cloud system handling 100,000s threads and millions of messages/second you might be unknowingly using daily, wrote papers about it you might have read already but it didn't occur to you and you are asking them to write a concurrent ring buffer? They would just say you good bye and won't consider ever joining you unless they are in deep troubles, which is exactly state you would like to avoid. Major talents are usually involved with dozens of side tech & social activities, charity etc. Why should they spend time in proving their worth to you? You are operating on the premise people are equal in capabilities, but they aren't, some may be way ahead of your group specifically in the area you really need, to make yourself competitive. No exceptions rule is IMO a really bad idea - it's like reverse of affirmative action, i.e. penalizing/ignoring visible greatness. Frankly, 10 years ago I thought what you are doing was a good idea; now I am no longer sure for the aforementioned reasons. Team work is not groupthink/socialism if you want to be successful. This is a great suggestion - perhaps the guys from Compose can come back in 2 years and tell us how it went? We all wish you good luck then! ;-) It pains me to see that power-hungry people used most techies as useful idiots to implement their own goals - how many politicians with dirty hands are now getting on board of prime tech companies? They finally understood what technology can offer to them. It seems like the end game is who is going to control everything - those types can finally see the time when technology is sufficiently advanced to control every aspect of our lives. It seems like technology would enable a special caste above law, with power unlike anyone before them. Instead of using technology to improve living conditions of all, establishing new, unseen before, more democratic and free society, we seem to be hell bent on preserving all the nasty traits of previous societies and even doubling down on them by having almost complete control. Seems like some dystopian sci-fi novel is happening now :-( "I have nothing to hide, and what I am keeping private is encrypted by a quantum- and $5-wrench-method-resistant encryption." Is there any polymorphic encryption toolkit that could enable a custom encryption method tailored for your own use? Kinda like security by obscurity for encrypting your own important files by deviating from the established standard encryption schemes in order to overwhelm capabilities of Mallory's/Trudy's reverse engineering? ..by design Literally the only 8k content available for the foreseeable future are timelapse/hyperlapse movies stitched together from 32Mpx+ pictures, i.e. from D810, 5Ds etc. (maybe medium format as well if they weren't so slow). We have immense problems with silly 4k RAW recording - first, only the latest M.2 PCIe SSDs are fast enough to record/play it in realtime and second, the size of RAW footage is ridiculously large. 8k cameras are just experimental prototypes. In short, horrible. 4k Youtube is comparable to 4:2:2 1080p scaled up to UHD. Let's see what 4k Blu-Ray brings this year... My 55" 4k TV has pixels visible pretty much from distances under 1m. I use it for showcasing my photography portfolio, looks much better than on 1080p, as well as to review my hyperlapse movies and that's about it. 8k on a smartphone will be different though, but why? 720p on 5" is close to "good enough" for median vision of population. 8k is supposed to be the "final resolution" of TV as it should bring retina-style to people with perfect vision (not to eagles though). Your cameras record 4k in 4:2:0 and heavily compressed. If you resize them to 1080p, you'd get average quality FHD. Real 4k is barely on the market for prosumers that want 4:4:4 RAW (maybe only Blackmagic 4k cameras). Next logical step - Yahoo should hire Elop as CEO ;-) That would require a fanless GPU capable of 4k @ 60Hz. But we can dream ;-) ...and I was naïve enough to think that programmers will be compared to artists... Study how women are signalling their status in their social circle instead of ants ;-) I can't wait to see videos of people trying to put their tires into microwave ovens to get rid of RFID tags, like what Germans are doing with their IDs :-D Most new factories are now 99% automated. Literally 5 people running the whole facility. How do you address the inherent unsafeness of hardware? Even "pure" functional languages are hacking around this... So they would burn them instead now. Better? Anyone still finds Google relevant for anything? They are making sure nobody wants to be their friend again. Search got so bad in the past few years ("bbut our metrics show it's more relevant than evar!") that DDG doesn't even have to try. Sad. Lately if I want to watch YouTube, I have to agree to their privacy policies. If I turn off everything, I have to do the same a few days later. Antipatterns everywhere... What happened to you guys? We want the great old Google back please! The point is that DDG is now "good enough". I am also a bit unhappy they are embracing some approaches that made Google worse though... And Google - the only profitable part is their search + ads. If they let this slip, what would remain? A hollow shelf like when SUN imploded? Take it from the positive side - looks like there will be finally a year of Linux desktop (even if because of being pushed out of other operating systems due to their draconian terms of use)! ;-) Michelangelo was working with chisel, colors, palette - was he a craftsman? How about guys that were replicating his work? They would have been closer to the 'craftmanship' side. Programming is art for many of us. For some it's a craft. If you are original and independent thinker in our profession, have creative ideas nobody had prior to you, you are much closer to an artist. If you just reuse what somebody else created, you are closer to a craftsman. Where do you stand? I am learning technology so that I can express my ideas and share them with the rest of the world, and have fun with likeminded people. I also do photography at the pro level, movies, compose music in a world-class home music studio etc. I assume if you want to be great at art, you have to be great at techn(ology/ique). In my case it means I need to write superb pixel shaders, create VSTis producing sound nobody else has produced before and still awesome, stabilizing hyperlapses with my own computer vision algorithm, making robots dance and so on. For that I need to study whatever I find at MIT/Stanford/Harvard/etc even if it is very very difficult. So is this a craft? They might not try to invent something original, but they end up with something original and touching people deep in their psyche. Compare that to a perfectly fluent user interface you "just love". Is that a craft? Or is there something more in it? Can you really quantify and automate the process of coming up with it? My view is that most people that view programming as a craft are middle managers that somehow need to get ants working on whatever they need. However if your innate inspiration comes from somewhere else, if you "feel" the algorithms and their optimality, wake up during nights when inspiration knocks on your the door of your mind to start working on an idea you just saw with your inner eye, you won't view programming as a craft at all. You know what is the funniest fact? There is Ramsey Theory stating chaos is impossible and you'll always find patterns even in the most unpredictable things. Now the footballer is called Ramsey as well... Another Ramsey Theory coincidence? Somehow related question that was puzzling me since forever - how do you calculate cumulative gravity (including expected speed of light limit on the spread of gravitational waves) at a given point around a planet, i.e. not around a single point with a mass, but an irregular large body? I meant your satellite and planet are moving, hence gravity is a bit behind your actual location due to a speed limit on gravitational waves propagation, i.e. each part of the planet is contributing gravitational force at different times from the past. Something like when you make a photo of a nebula roughly 700ly away and the top of nebula is 698ly away from you whereas the bottom is 705ly - what you get in the picture are pixels from different times, not a single time snapshot of the nebula. There's a desperate need to have an HTPC capable of HDMI 2.0/HDCP 2.2/4k@60Hz. It's ridiculous there is basically nothing worth mentioning... Not even the latest Skylake NUCs... A/V Receivers are finally updated to 4:4:4 4k@60Hz/HDCP 2.2 - why not mainstream HTPCs??? Personal computing used to be a way ahead of other computing devices in the past, why is it now trailing? Yes, that's probably the only one. Isn't that sad? As a non-american I would like to ask: did the affirmative action go too far up to the point of endangering another group? If so, what correction steps would you take? It's actually much easier to start a company in "tax-friendly" states of USA where you don't have to reside in order to start a company and don't have to pay taxes until you hit $1M revenue, like DL or NV. You can do it comfortably from within EU never setting your foot on the other side of Atlantic, via US Embassy and some US bank subsidiary. As somebody that has endured the same the other way round - being hit on by many (even married) female colleagues, HR girls, having a female manager attempting to invite me to her room in the hotel, girls repeatedly stalking me at my apartment, e.g. after I performed on a piano at a party, even just meeting random girls that would dump their boyfriends on the spot, completely shaking with excitement (me and her BF just look at each other with disbelief: "Is this really happening?"), dozens of girls telling me I am their "Mr.Perfect" etc. I can relate to her plight. However, she at least has some recourse; if I wrote a blog about my experiences I'd become a laughing stock of the Internet. Sometimes I think redpillers/AFBB got something right, which is shaking me to the core... There are some very dark areas of both male and female sexuality... As a former sunnie that worked on distributed systems, how would you cope with packet loss/out of order packets/weird socket states especially on Solaris? Would you do clock-per-socket and then merge them via internal buffers? How about when one/many of your nodes go down or you end up with a split brain? Or you'd just use 0MQ or similar super fast protocol, do some simple checks and if they fail, you'd just resend everything? They had some money issues with free-to-play/gface failure, in addition Microsoft tried to rape them once they sensed they were weak (Rise franchise rights) but in the end they had some mysterious investment that kept them alive. Would be pity to lose them in any case. Win everything you can as a kid whether it is sports or scientific competitions, then decide it's not worth it (winner is the lonely one), grow in an environment where girls are looking like supermodels so you aren't intimidated by their looks and can talk to them normally and just don't care that much about them, learn as many arts as you can, like playing an instrument, how to use chiaroscuro, how to make pro photography, direct movies, make computer games and cool graphics, run your own businesses, be amongst top students of your universities, be very tall, have a nice personality with very firm boundaries, go deep into conversations with girls then eject to avoid boredom on both sides, be surprising, don't be needy, nerdy, geeky, abrasive or inept, have a sister that tries to break your frame since you were child but was never successful, have a vision you follow and push for a better world, learn at least 6 foreign languages, travel around the world, be fit, be able to tell off declining people with perceived power over you when they behave like retards in front of everyone etc. Have fun! :-P I think the major problem of VR is that it makes a lot of people feel dizzy due to using pinhole camera perspective. If you think about it, we somehow learned to live with current approach to compute perspective transform based on similar triangles, but that's not how a healthy eye perceives the world. In fact, the retina and brain do a plenty of computations to make our perception smooth. Neurosurgeons would tell you they see these kinds of perspective after eye surgeries when brain is not 100% in sync with eyes. One example is when you take a camera next to a tall chimney and make a sweep shot from bottom to the top - you can see that chimney's dimensions "dance", they just get pretty distorted in every frame by a different ratio. Your eyes don't do that. You perceive the chimney as straight regardless of which angle you look. VR that close to eyes must compensate for it. However, even the latest Oculus VR makes people feel dizzy... I don't see a future for this gen of VR unless they fix this substantial problem. They actually took the "Start menu" from OS/2, which probably got inspired by some of Unix WMs back then. Tennis is a puzzling sport - you can be up 5:0 and yet lose most of the following games as well as the match itself. Anyone that plays tennis knows about this "roller-coaster" (especially visible in WTA). "Unusual" is quite usual in tennis, honestly. You should take it into an account when you do stats. Obviously, people try to exploit this fact to make believable pre-determined matches, but it's really difficult to tell who is doing it, and who is simply more "unstable". Epicycles FTW! Honestly, if you are working on a standalone feature with complicated math/distributed algorithm/transactional concurrency etc. only a handful people in the world understand, how is a code review going to help you beside trivial matters like code formatting/naming? How do you approach this situation in order not to upset the few people that can get it done? I remember SUN's application servers had a licensed code inside their transactional core nobody was able to understand nor touch; it just worked as it was supposed to, prepared by a single genius who got it right. Sure, but companies like SUN have huge automated testing suites that run after each commit, as well as gazillion of branches. And the author of the code is most likely contributing plenty of those tests, if only in philosophical sense (by the hands of accompanying SDET). And whether you like it or not, the best companies rise and fall with geniuses. You can't automate them away. You can only accommodate them or they go elsewhere and you are done. Unfortunately, the coworkers might not be intellectually capable of understanding it at all, not even in infinite time :-( I understand this could be a management nightmare, but some things are just "given from above" and you can either turn a blind eye on them and lose the race, or use them for the benefit of your people. I would choose the latter even if I can't control it. I was on two such teams. So for me it's like 50% so far. But your point is taken. I am more hinting at bothering your geniuses as little with distracting tasks as possible, even at cost of hiring a "cleaner" that would make sure their work is smoothly integrated with whatever flavor of version control/issue system/project management you are running. You can completely obliterate their abilities if you force them to change their workflow instead of building a workflow around them. For example code that computes robotic motion via non-linear optimization of non-linear differential equations? Code that computes CFD of Formula 1 car aerodynamics? Code using advanced computer vision allowing autonomous drones? How many of your developers would understand what is going on? Do you think their code review input would be different than a handful of useless comments such as "here is an extra space", "the name of this class has lowercase letters" etc.? It's a form of art. Imagine Matrix done by arranging small pictures of flowers, by constructing scenes using parabolic approximating curves or fractals. Just an interesting form of art giving you another perspective. And for many text-oriented people ASCII art is like opening up a new visual perspective they were lacking. Is this a satire? Can't tell from the text itself... Are you serious? The whole article seems like a parody - (intentionally?) not understanding what 10x means vs unnecessary bloat and then proceeding on... Why do you think federal state with the same fiscal characteristics across EU would help anything? That would bring only deeper centralization, out of touch decision making and inability to capitalize on locality advantages. We already see how Germany utterly dominates EU while giving scraps to the rest, even to France. Now imagine the whole EU would have the same taxes etc. as Germany, but individual states will have 10x less capital. How would that help EU? You need perpetual growth because all math models used in financial industry are based on perpetual exponential growth - imagine insurance companies, profitability, attractiveness of financial services, hedging etc. is based on the assumption the amount of wealth (money) increases in time. This is nowadays done basically with inflation only (the profits in trading are more-less inflation these days). Now somebody said that the humanity's greatest shortcoming is the inability to understand exponential function... Funny, nature's off-by-one/buffer overflow error... Wasn't there some recent study that both sitting and standing in front of a desk is not really healthy? We knew that about sitting but standing didn't fare much better. We probably need some treadmill-style workplace instead or taking walking breaks for 15 minutes an hour... RDPD seemed to me as parasitic - the "solutions" there work only if somebody gets into trouble, like foreclosures etc. Not a "wealth creation" book, rather a misfortune-of-others exploitation one. Morality aside, it's not a book that would teach you how to found a new Google, rather how to exploit social structures in place assuming most people would keep their way of thinking/doing. Exaggerating, it's like when you identify how an ideal member of a religion would behave (because of archetype and social conformity pressure put on them), and then exploit what they aren't allowed to do. Imagine though if every single member of your nation followed RDPD strategy - when everybody is doing that, nobody wins. Not surprising. I bought a cheap 5" Lumia as a navigation device as at that time it was the only platform with world-wide offline HERE maps. Guess what? At some point they killed the possibility to store maps on an SD card, rendering the phone into an almost useless brick. Many complaints were ignored on the forums as plenty of users stated they bought their phone only for maps... WP 8.1 was the first release that allowed transparent tiles that actually looked pretty good comparing to ugly single color tiles they had before, now they are returning back to translucent ugliness as well... Celebrities usually have PR teams handling their Twitter. Have fun with the illusion you are talking to the real person, not to a curated proxy... Given state of AI, would you really trust AI to come up with non-stupid decisions? I wouldn't. Everything I see so far from Google/Amazon/MS/FB/IBM tells me they are just for the quick and easy solutions that look like "intelligence", but aren't. So where should I move all my repos now? Seems like another instance of "let the nerds build a company and then take over"... It might be neither if it were the default (uncommunicated) strategy of investors... 20 hours of 100% focus a week >>> 80 hours IIRC N9 was banned from being sold in US/UK/Germany etc., all major markets in order to justify killing off Meego later in favor of WP. I remember Germans had to order it in Switzerland. It was clear Elop was playing politics by doing gradual phase out of everything that was Nokia in favor of MS, i.e. first restrict Meego to an unwanted child (yet they still sold more N9s than Lumias with WP7 so that part didn't work out), stop future development, make own factories redundant and later justifying selling off Qt as the only internal platform capable of challenging MS. Please remove your rose tinted glasses, this was a pre-mediated and carefully executed destruction of Nokia. So, you basically ended up being better coming up with new algorithms? If you just detonate all nukes at their own silos, fallout & nuclear winter will wipe most of life in a few months. If you want to demolish the whole Earth DeathStar-style, nukes won't help. Seems like WD effect appeared on their 8TB drives :-/ My NAS has 5x 4TB HGST I bought due to previous Backblaze reports and am waiting to figure out which 8TB drives should I buy - Seagate Archive had really bad real-world usage reviews and now HGST seems to be slipping as well :-( Thanks for correcting me! Can confirm - ASUS declined my warranty on a keyboard problem people complained about (basically sending thrash instead of pressed keystrokes); I had to order a new one from Asusparts and replace it myself; all within 3 months of purchase of their most expensive Zenbook. They even attempted to sell me a "repair" of motherboard that would cost almost the same as a brand new Zenbook (yet the mobo works fine since I replaced keyboard). Horrible, horrible experience. Use Linux Mint with Cinnamon - HiDPI is awesome there, Linux finally looks good! I switched development over there from OS X & Win, on three 4k monitors and a notebook with 3200x1800 resolution. Then it's pretty silly to shutdown verticals as they most likely share the same source code as the rest. When you consider most SW companies try to establish as many revenue streams with as little people possible, cutting verticals is the last thing you want to do. Instead they should figure out how to share as much code as possible. But hey, it's Yahoo! Sure, but seeing older HGSTs running longer time having 0-2% failure rate and 8TB one >5%, which brings it to WD territory, is not very encouraging. OK, that explains it! Seems like "fiefdomization" of verticals is widespread :-( From now onwards we have to force all CEOs be autistic incapable of expressing emotions, or they need to be replaced by Geminoids built in their own image. I had exactly the same problem, though I gave my cofounder 50% stake in order to motivate him to do his part. Didn't help, he was "forgetting" doing anything, or better waiting that I would do all for him as well. I decided to shut down the company and respawn a new one - my advantage was that I only licensed my software to our company instead of it being a property of the company. I would suggest you to either play a dread game with your partner, or try to buy his stake out if he is reasonable. I speak 8 languages and can tell you it's the same in every single one of them... As a super happy user of Linux Mint - guys, please keep doing what you are doing! Thank you so much for giving us a proper desktop Linux! You have my (financial) support! Don't get pressured by some random loud Internet criticism and change for worse! Please don't do Win7->Win8 or iOS6->iOS7 regression in Mint as well because of a few unhappy voices trying to acquire power over you! Mint's HiDPI is simply the best experience on Linux these days, not to mention it just works. But let's attack it because it doesn't conform to some autistic standards of ours. Way to go friendly Linux community! Let's make all distros unusable, super complex, require all people to wear their own personal TPMs and certificates so that they can feel finally secure . Let's blame Mint for not having DNA real-time sequencers for confirming package authenticity! Let's force my grandma to compile all her packages - she must be upgraded as well or she won't make it during singularity, right? /s You are blaming Mint for things that are wrong in some context with Debian/Ubuntu or Linux or even unsolved in computing as such. And the small team of developers simply can't respond to every single issue within minutes as you wish, they have their plate full. Poor security in what sense? That something can be spoofed by an attacker with unlimited resources? How many of your desktop users are actually at risk? How about Win 10 telemetry? Or whatever OS X is sending back to Apple? Happy about it? Seems like upper management in most companies is as red pill as it gets... Similar reports from Google's upper management as well if we are to believe some books... 1: So a new generation, new rewrite of everything... Then hitting brand new problems (sometimes old ones avoided by previous designs) not foreseen by majority. A new language spawns with the coming of a new generation, addressing some of these problems. Rewrites everything. Hits another set of problems. Goto 1. I am suggesting that the problem is elsewhere - and more philosophical. I understand for many very young kids learning JavaScript was the only accessible way to do programming. Yet they are producing way worse stuff than previous generations unfortunately (remember Scandinavian demos in the 90s?), as their platform of choice is seriously limited. Now the article mentions horrible things in code developed over decades. I can guarantee you most of decade old code looks similar. And most likely decades old code in Rust will be similar. Here is a need for some simplifying meta-programming theory instead of slightly modified language constructs known since 60s. So what I see is iteration with some progress and some regress (wrt to empowering programmers and simplicity). It's good to have a new generation enthusiastic creating their own world, yet if they are as human as previous generation, most likely they would hit the same problems. Like a genetic algorithm, a slight mutation to current solution runs for a certain time and we see how the generation fares. But maybe we need completely different approach to get out of local optima technology seems to be right now. Quantum Rust? ;-) Yes, too little ;-) Frankly, Rust just takes a few different approaches known since "forever" and promotes them to 1st class semantic citizens. Similarly Go takes another set. Like every language in existence. So some things will be super easily expressible in one or another language, other things more obfuscated. Yet you could do the same in older ones, but perhaps more verbosely, with more syntactic sugar or boilerplate structures. Hence the comparison to a genetic algorithm with a few mutations in each generation. All a variation of the same set of mental constructs, possibly with very similar descriptive abilities (even when leaving Turing completeness out of the equation). Sometimes I hear, sometimes not, depends on how much fantasy I unleash or if I use voice "recordings" to prevent me from making mistakes in writing a text in a foreign language. And I practiced fast reading as a kid (e.g. 1 page in 2-5s), and that was for sure without any distinctive voice. Now this helps me to spot a line in code I need to change extremely quickly ;-) It's like with thinking - when you are a kid, you think in some proto-thoughts that aren't really based on a language (something like assembly language of mind) and the older you are and more languages you know, you tend to think in languages instead, except when you are in a creative flow when things just happen automagically. I hated ODEs until I took MIT's robotics course and had to solve non-linear ones using non-linear optimization techniques. Since then I love them ;-) Surprisingly, there are still areas where SW renderers are the only way, like in underpowered navigation devices without OpenGL support or running on exotic embedded operating systems. Some people actually used Windows 8 instead of 7. "Higher version number" doesn't equate "better" nor "worth rewriting for". Brendan, looking at your photo, please take your time off, get into a shape and have more fun! Thanks for all your work so far but don't overdo it please! Do what many reasonable folks did - turn off windows updates and install Linux Mint alongside for everything that can be done outside Windows. Microsoft makes it not worth it to care anymore... It's appalling to see how Microsoft is shooting itself in the foot... Just a question - I completely lost interest in Julia when I read it adopts many of the ugly language hacks of Matlab - why should I care about Julia when I can feel frustrated with Matlab already? Smells fishy - 13 year ongoing abuse? In the States where one can just walk to the police freely? After paying $10M out of $40M extortion to her? Stripper with only one sexual partner? Red lights everywhere... How is it possible to terminate a guy in the US with unproven allegations? Guilty by default? I am not saying he isn't, but was there a due process already? Facebook is unbelievably limited for any signs of creativity - even MySpace was like a generation ahead comparing to what Facebook is nowadays. Most creatives/content producers use it as a glorified Twitter; women use it for bragging about status/observing status of others and everybody else seems to have relegated it to the most banal things (hi family!). If you pay for ads, some strange Italian or Asian company does all the clicks on your ads, so unless you have a sure way to attract people with herd-mentality to your ads, B2C is useless as well. If you studied robotics, you'd have learned that some walking/running problems are easier to solve when you have an engine with "unlimited" short-term torque. Low-powered electric actuators are very bad, hence BD uses gasoline engines to provide that short spike necessary for some differential equations to have a nice solution (e.g. one without power-pumping or without needing a few cycles around to reach your desired state). There is a limited supply of geniuses. You lose one, all the B-players (that might consider themselves geniuses as well) will make sure you are going to take the wrong turns. Google obviously has the need to be adored; if somebody with a reason contradicts what they say (what can you know - you are just a founder of Boston Dynamics, not a mighty Googler!), they get rid of them. Seriously Google, you were once great, now your search is unusable and I can't see anything worth coming from you :-/ If PR dictates your focus, what is Ray Kurzweil going to do there - developing a new VA synth instead of singularity? Do we need to travel to Osaka to see real humanoids from Hiroshi Ishiguro and get the feel of the future? Does Japan have to be again 20+ years ahead of the US? Are we going to stop humanity progress because some retarded internal politicians want to keep their power or some shortsighted capitalists want to keep milking their cows? We have the possibility to improve human condition tremendously with the robotic technology at hand and we are going to be stupid about it and fall back to "business as usual" idiocy? Is this Larry why Tesla inspired you so much when you were still young and idealistic? Even Intel seems to be 5 years ahead of you when it comes to releasing consumer humanoid robotics... [sorry for a rant] They might be thinking about the rise of herbivore men, MGTOW, surrogacy, emasculated men/defeminated women etc. alongside technology enabling to bypass nature's intended way to reproduce. Why would girls voluntarily submit to development drudgery with zero status from management amongst people they don't find attractive at all (more like stupid nice ones that can be taken advantage of)? They have other options given to them by nature, especially when they are younger that men don't have. I known an entrepreneur who sold his company to one of the most known brands in the world and his wife immediately quit her job, that she doesn't want to deal with that nonsense anymore as her husband is now super rich. How many guys can afford to do the same? Many women really perceive developers as weirdos they don't want to have anything with, only if they are forced to settle down by their age. Why not incorporate in Delaware or Nevada? Both seem to be ideal for startups/personal projects, no tax until you hit $1M revenue (only personal income tax), you pay only yearly sales license or franchise tax, you don't need to reside there (you can even reside outside US, so you can live happily in Costa Rica). What's the benefit of incorporating in CA? That's really annoying :( 4GB in 2016. Amazon, it's not funny, really! Or actually it is very funny... Good luck! I have to read plenty of PDFs (imagine recent research articles) and have many books in PDF format I bought (a single photography/visual art book PDF can be easily 100MB) - if Amazon had incorporated a silly microSD card slot, I could stuff everything I got into it. Now my Voyage is relegated to "hot items" only, the ones I need to read right now, and often I don't bother. Now what is the cost of a microSD slot? $0.20? They insist on some silly business model and they just ruin it for the resourceful clients that don't want to waste time switching between multiple devices, could buy a lot from them and inspire other people to "ape" after them as well. Now I rather stuff a 200GB microSD card into my Android phone (iPhone has the same issue), put everything there instead and buy ebooks elsewhere. Win for Amazon? I have Voyage with the lights turned off. Maybe it's just Paperwhite issue? Voyage has 300ppi as well, so it's readable from close distances (kinda like low-quality laser print); research articles often have two columns per A4 so I just zoom in 200% and am more-less fine. I would rather have 8"+ 4:3 of course. And sometimes PDF rendering is extremely slow as well, but... On the other hand if I need a certain photography setup for achieving a certain look, I can use Voyage for that - imagine instead of a PDF book with lighting setups and examples of results you had a piece of paper with a drawing - seems pretty comparable quality-wise. I can't wait until somebody comes up with a lifetime subscription for higher education, observing where business everywhere is going... Unfortunately nature sucks. One of the main philosophical questions of the past was why humans' internal moral code goes against what happens in the nature? We need to eat to survive. Animals/plants/bacteria etc. need to eat as well. Why is killing/damaging plants more acceptable than killing/damaging animals? Why do we want to kill viruses that are eating our bodies? How many insects did you kill on the way to work today and didn't even notice? Simply no good answers :-( Hence cyberspace vs meatspace etc. That is nice until you observe what actually happens in the raw nature itself - I had a "joy" observing two crows killing a sparrow with the utmost cruelty, prolonging its suffering as much as they could, and then leaving it there without "eating" it. We simply have to transcend nature if we want to feel good about ourselves. Maybe once we master technology, we can reprogram the mess of this Universe (at some point we will be dealing with pure computer science instead of physics, which will be just a consequence of some mathematical structures and algorithms running on top of them). I never understood why so many humans worship nature - nature is broken, it's like a fairly balanced pathological system, showing some wonders (Moon-Earth distance allowing total eclipses) as well as atrocities (basically all what is nasty about life itself). In vitro meat would be great. Yet you still need to introduce a small number of pathogens to improve your fitness (your body needs to fight small battles all the time to keep in the top shape). Sanitized stuff brings you allergy and other fun, like inability to adapt to changing environment. Kylix was pretty cool. I wish Borland didn't implode... Yes, it happens all the time on Amazon. Not only Amazon itself, but also other companies observing hot sellers (there is an API for that), then "cloning" the item and ordering manufacturing in Shenzhen. If you complain to Amazon, your selling privileges might be removed... Amazon desperately needs a competitor. Sure, but we all know costs of a litigation which most sellers on Amazon can't afford - Amazon takes most of the profit, 15% default fees leave very little to normal sellers, usually under 5% as the (re-)pricing competition is now algorithmic, resembling HFT. Then if you want to have your product featured on Amazon (meaning your offer will be the default one even if it is more expensive than somebody else's), you need to contact the category manager and it's up to their discretion to decide (which reeks of a high potential of corruption/profit sharing etc). On one hand it's pretty cool you can automate price responses and very beneficial to the customer, on the other the game has an increasing risk of being rigged. That's one possible benefit. But try to compete with Amazon on price directly; many (now former) sellers reported having their accounts under review shortly after (often leading to permanent selling rights removal - there's always some odd item that you might have in your huge catalog, even if you never sold one, that might be interpreted as not allowed on Amazon) and nowadays many small operations just try to avoid competing on items Amazon sells itself because of fear of getting kicked out. That's not beneficial to customers at all. So basically Amazon might be heading to be in this mode: - allow 3rd party sellers/manufacturers to sell items - once items are hot and are easily clonable, start manufacturing them - let original manufacturers bleed or kick them out if they compete on price with you - wait for another batch of sellers to identify next hot item - repeat Form a Nevada-based LLC specifically for selling on Jet for $500; ignore Amazon. Usual stuff when dealing with Amazon - never use the same browser/IP address/geographical location with two different accounts. Use different VPNs for different accounts/companies. Doable. Only the paranoid survive. They can do cost/benefit analysis. They don't have to pay themselves 15% of the price including shipping in fees, they have good relationships with cheap overseas manufacturers (in China you pay literally pennies for plastic stuff in large quantities) utilizing economy of scales, they know the exact demand/sales of their competitor/"partner", probability they can convert competitor's sales into their own sales, control the visibility on their platform etc. I am sure they make larger profit than what they would get by taking a cut from a 3rd party seller. Or they are irrational, which I don't believe. I think most e-commerce companies end up the following: -1-2 person companies where one person does competitive software and the other hunts for products with good margins to sell - large established companies with special deals with e-tailers no small sellers can compete with Looks that way. So now we are going to hunt for rounding errors of the Simuverse. Should be fun. It's likely simulation would be ended if we beat its purpose by hacking it. End of the world coming? - Intel plateaued, no significant user-appreciated progress in the past 5+ years - problems with scalable 10nm, 14nm might be the next 28nm for a while and all manufacturers will catch up, obliterating Intel's major advantage - Zen might be sufficiently competitive with older Core chips on performance, power and price, better on GPU side (hopefully not another Barcelona) - all major consoles run on AMD - Polaris vs Pascal - they might survive until 2017 and have cash to produce new chips The link between telomere shortening and age was proved just a typical correlation recently; in fact telomere can expand naturally as well. Might not be as useful as she thought... By the way, is there any attempt for a programming language of human body on biochemical level? Programming protein/DNA/RNA interactions as a form of language? Currently all our efforts seem to be like hacking by shooting blanks, or as if you changed/inserted/deleted a few lines of code randomly and observed what that does (typically on animals). Sure, it's tough. But nevertheless, I am interested if there are at least some efforts I can look into? Like what you see in robotics, using pneumatic tubes attached to endoskeleton simulating biarticulate muscles allowing us to study kinematics of human body by some approximation (and being useful for orthopaedics), I am curious if there are some domain-specific languages for individual biological processes. I understand having a language covering all processes is an insane level of difficulty, but some initial localized approximations of languages should be possible and useful as well. Obviously, we all know F@H and other physical simulations, but I am not aware of something generative, language-style like (besides L-systems). What I want to see instead of scientific hypothesis->experiment->observing result->conclusion if we could instead think: "What do I need to do in order for this system to behave this way?" given some building blocks, like when we are creating an algorithm. So instead we can try to figure out some basic blocks, test hypotheses that these blocks are actually effective and figure out interactions that work (even if only probabilistically). Initially we will all laugh at results as being "stupid", but over time we can get to cover pretty complex systems (like going from wireframe 3D graphics to photo-realistic rendering). Can you really maintain the same intensity with Tabata if you push as much as you can during each interval? I see a downwards trend all the time on myself, and after 3rd minute I can't feel my legs at all, so I am sure I am giving it all I can. On the other hand, when doing 3x 7-minute HIIT, I increase load in each subsequent try, going to like >2 pushups/second etc. (but this was motivated by knee injuries in the first try when I went all out from the start) Also, from personal experience, try stationary bike for 30 minutes, maintain >60rpm all the time and do 1-3 minutes of "easy" (meaning 1/3 difficulty setting on your bike) and then 1 minute "hard" (100% difficulty setting, still >60rpm), and repeat. I always start sweating like being in a rain after 20 minutes, and this exercise is doing wonders to my anaerobic capacity. I am often hit by "sickness" when pushing very hard while lifting weights in the next 2-3 days after exercise, e.g. I do 30,000lbs dumbbell press volume and in 2 days I fall sick. So it might be wise not to overdo things, maybe some poeple's immunity gets compromised if they push too much and it takes very long until their immunity improves? And I did all kinds of immunity-boosting things like daily 5-minute cold showers etc. Alright, I understood Tabata incorrectly then - I thought you have to do all-out every single interval and once you can maintain the 100% level in each, you are ready for Olympics ;-) Let's see how it will play out once Facebook reaches MySpace-style decline and shareholders would need to get as much money out of Facebook as they still will be able to. They were amongst top places to go before IPO, not so much nowadays (similar to Google). They are already panicking that people are sharing less and less personal information and rather posting "cat pictures". If they don't build other profitable businesses, they are one bad "redesign" away from the fate of Digg if a more reasonable competitor emerges from a new generation of enthusiastic people (which I believe it will - not everyone's goal is instant cash like in the case of Instagram, some people want to be "kings"). I don't want to give Facebook ideas, but I can envision a better social network with a more direct, end user-wanted and less obtrusive commerce opportunities for all kinds of businesses without sticking ads into people's faces or selling their private information. SUN was once king as well... I left Slashdot because of the rampant censorship; if you ever posted something going against "prevailing wisdom" even if completely true, you might have found yourself unable to access the home page for a day and your submission ended up deleted. On completely factual, verifiable things, not politics/gender/whatever controversy. At their heyday they were THE tech company (mind you, they were considering buying both Apple and Oracle at the same time). Or architects of the Simulation worrying X-ray spectrum could expose some dirty hacks they are ashamed of. When I started, it was 2.5 minutes of horrible feelings, then next 2.5 minutes were kinda Okay. Nowadays the adaptation takes like 3 seconds, then I just coast under cold water. And I sometimes take a cold shower at 3am and go to sleep right after. Body adapts. But I haven't really seen it helping to get rid of belly fat; it helps sore muscles recovery after/during workout significantly though. For belly fat I still need to do all the aerobic exercises and proper diet until 6-pack shows up. Just make sure you don't catch deep sinus infection from having your head exposed to cold too much/often, like it happened to me (1+ year of cold showers). You don't want to be knocked out for a month. Likely causation. Try rather adding 10-15s a day to the duration of your cold shower. Some research shows cold showers after 2-2.5 minutes aren't giving you any benefits and over 10 minutes are outright dangerous (unless you are a pro-athlete in recovery). Even if you do it for longer time, you can still catch horrible cold - I got deep sinusitis knocking me out for a month and am still have some mild symptoms (it was a combination of a bacterial infection, another virus and cold showers prior to catching it). Be careful! Can you completely strip Chrome OS from these Chromebooks? Including BIOS-specific stuff like automatic rewriting of modified base system? So that you could boot straight into Linux without worrying your OS will be gone if you forget to press some key upon boot? BTW, flash-based storage (likely eMMC) for >$1k is just eek. Linux Mint with HiDPI on looks awesome at 3200x1800, IMO way better than on 1920x1 0. YMMV Also, even Windows 7 looks way better than Windows 10 when you enable 200% scaling in Intel drivers. Likely eMMC :-( Otherwise they would have stated SSD/M.2 Best CPU that doesn't require fans? I love my Core M-based ultrabook with 3k screen and zero noise while compiling (and performance is on par with Ivy Bridge 3517U). Thanks! I was asking because I would like to have a dedicated "retro" machine for running all 8-bit/16-bit and console emulators and a Pentium 4405Y would be capable of running all of them smoothly (Baytrail/Braswell are too slow); 32GB eMMC would be sufficient as well. For Dolphin you really need something based on Core M or better to run smoothly (CPU intense). I have a Shield TV and never considered it for it; 8-bit/16-bit would run there smoothly I am sure though. If Pipo KB1/KB2 had Core M, they would have been ideal both performance and retro form factor-wise ;-) Everybody should have an anonymous shell corp in Caribbean and release spare time work via those... An opportunity for automation and for MDs to take more rest... Out of stock forever Could it be that our brain simply overclocks/underclocks in certain situations, leading to different perceptions of time? Such a construct would probably never occur to either Bergson or Einstein. Did she fail her differential calculus and then got sick looking at some advanced stuff? How does Swift compare to D? Obstruction of justice anyone? Ooops, wrong caste! Copacabana is a dodgy area already and Zona Norte is a warzone. Depends on your genome actually... Overall there seems to be an epidemics of "fakeness" in Internet ratings - even looking on IMDb for movie ratings I see e.g. a movie 7.7/10 but first few pages are unanimously 1-4/10 by what seem like genuine reviewers complaining about being deceived by IMDb to watch the movie... Now I am finally convinced that Internet of Things is going to be the next big thing - Internet of Real-time Microphones... Your walking style identifies you better than face. Are you going to walk differently once you put a hat and sunglasses on? I agree with the author; I still long for the not-overly-complicated C++ back in the 00s I could write super-fast 3D rendering engine without much bloat. I find it very appalling when C++ went from a poster child of imperative programming to implementing monads in its libraries (mind you, monads are used to "simulate" imperative programming in functional programming). Something went wrong there...