The NYTimes subscription model is one of the few benign-sounding things in the world that makes me actively angry. Their pricing model charges you X for Web access. Okay so far. They've decided to charge for content. Fine. Their pricing model charges you (X+Y) for web+smartphone. I'm not going to say this is stupid, because obviously apps cost money to develop. Sure, it's the same content I'm viewing on 2 devices, but I'm downloading some app that took literally WEEKS to develop, so I get it. Their pricing model charges you (X+Z) for web+tablet. This is starting to get silly because I can't really understand why a tablet app costs more to develop than a smartphone app, and anyway, I'm already paying for your content in the "web" portion. Here's where it gets insulting, and where I refuse to give them a goddamned penny. Web+smartphone+tablet. First off, you're telling me that it's not good enough to pay for web+tablet? I have to pay extra for a smartphone on top of that ? Okay, but surely I pay a discounted smartphone rate, right? It's, like, (X+Z+(.5Y)), right? There's no way the esteemed NYTimes would think their customers are so bloody stupid as to not only pay for smartphone access on top of tablet access, but pay FULL PRICE for said smartphone access, right? WRONG. NYTimes wants you to pay 2X+Y+Z for web+web+tablet+smartphone access. Look it up, I'm not joking here. They insist that their product is so valuable, that not only should you pay extra to access their web content on a tablet or smartphone, and not only should you pay the SAME AMOUNT for each of the web+tablet+smartphone, they think their customers are so bloody stupid that they should double pay for web content. Their most valuable customers, who want to pay for all digital access should be the ones who get ripped the most. And, as pointed out elsewhere in these comments, this is more than paying for dead trees shipped to your house every day, and throwing them in the trash. And then their advertising materials treat their allegedly valuable content as if I'm buying some cut-rate TV service. 4 week teaser rates. Really? 4 week discounts on content that, I'd hope, most users would plan to subscribe to for years if not decades? Get over yourselves, NYTimes. You've turned a class of people who would otherwise respect your work and who actually desire to pay for it into people who actively dislike you and celebrate your failure. Huh. I had no idea. I've been using MacPorts for what must be a decade, or close to it. Tried Fink a few times, never had any luck -- but never had a reason to find anything new (brew). I guess the Ports versions of everything I use are "good enough". If it ain't broke, and all that. October 2015 they'll be liable for CC fraud if the transaction in question was not cleared on an NFC+EMV capable terminals. I don't know where your info is from, but it's either old, or they'll change their tune fast. Also, some businesses can avoid PCI audits if 75% of their transactions are cleared on NFC+EMV terminals. The liability shift you keep hearing about bundles NFC+EMV together into a single concept. They're inseparable as far as CC liability is concerned. Yes, that old corporate shill, Consumers' Union, clearly accepted huge sums of money from Pioneer and Apple in exchange for a biased review. Yeah, I don't get it either. I'm reading the comments here trying to even understand what a "travel planning site" would look like. I SORT of get it, but everyone seems to have totally different ideas of what this product would be. I don't care, really. I just got back from 5 countries in Europe in 4 weeks. I just... went. I mean, we booked a couple places to stay ahead of time, and I planned my car rentals and bought tickets, but none of that was remotely difficult. I never once thought "gee, I wish I could... uh.. go to a site.. and ..click things". Huh. works great for me in Safari on OS X - and normally I'm the first to complain about poor site behavior (particularly animated gifs which Safari is terrible with). You sure don't think much of the intelligence of the average German, Dutch, or... Emir..ati... person. Las Vegas is perhaps the worst city on the planet for the carless. I've had many amusing incidents of attempting to walk places, where not just sidewalks, but roads simply do no go through. LV, LA, and Miami are particularly appalling examples of US cities which have terrible pedestrian access. That said, I've never seen as many people talking on their phone while driving as I saw last month in Reykjavik. Actually I still argue that tabs are a Bad Thing. Developers have taken a thing that SHOULD be handled by the window manager, and written their own way of doing it -- every application slightly differently, naturally. It's not as big a deal on Windows where the look+feel of various applications was always inconsistent as hell -- remember when Trillian was the most popular IM client, it seemed like in those days virtually every application handled windowing differently, it was terrible. But it's a bigger issue on OS X and in Linux. Since both have functionality to cycle through windows of a given application, tabs become less important. Of course, we still end up with visual clutter, so even luddites like myself use tabs now and again. But this should really be implemented as an OS feature, not on a per-application basis. Google, of course, vehemently disagrees, since they implement their own terrible look-and-feel everywhere. (see: crappy windowing inside of GMail, crappy windowing behavior of Hangouts, etc). shrug Just paid $750 for an iPhone 6, unlocked. The alternative was renting it from my carrier for a similar amount, divided into 24 months, and being handcuffed to them for unlocks and the like. By using BYOD pricing on my ATT plan, I pay less every month than I would on a subsidy. Yeah, I'm not everyone , but arguing that "most people" won't do what I did is kind of missing the point-- they already DO pay that much, just not all at once. It's kind of crazier when you realize what people are paying without knowing it. The subsidies are going away -- ATT and Verizon in the US are forcing people into their monthly payment plans -- which is kind of nice, because people actually see what they're paying instead of just seeing it "bundled". I went through a few of these. At least once the GPU burned up when it failed to go to sleep after disconnecting from my thunderbolt display and putting in my laptop bag for 18h. I think I went through two MBPr 15" machines before I got one that didn't have the problem. I still think it's possible some software I had was triggering it initially, but once it happened a few times, even a clean install with nothing on it could trigger it. Was very frustrating. Don't live in BFE Concord? Could get a 3/1 on the Peninsula for a bit more (say, 800-850). Less if you're willing to live in Daly City or EPA or something. Anecdotally, the Northwest has been complaining about people from CA moving up and "ruining the place" for decades. (see: "Californians driving up our housing costs", "Californians don't know how to drive", etc. I grew up in the Seattle suburbs, and it was a common refrain in the 80s and 90s, and I'm sure it goes back at least to the 1962 World's Fair, if not the early days of Boeing. Also anecdotally, I moved to the Bay Area, my parents moved (back) to SoCal after 40 years in the Northwest grey. Plus, I have 4 dot-com era friends who have moved from the Seattle tech boom to the Bay Area tech boom, all in their late 20s/early 30s (so not just-out-of-college types), and I know a few others who are considering the same. And I don't know a soul from here who moved north, except for people who came down here for college and then returned home. I guess it's like they say, "the plural of anecdote is not 'data'". SFH. Obviously you're going to pay out the nose for MTV or Los Altos. I haven't shopped in Sunnyvale but that comparison (to the other 2) surprises me. I'd expect it to be cheaper than, say, Redwood City. I remember back in '06, places in MTV were cheaper than Santa Clara. Should have bought back then! I remember thinking Google couldn't get any bigger, it was already a huge company. Guess I couldn't have been much more wrong. For 1.2M you can get a decent-sized 3/2 or 4/2 of maybe 1800sqft. Not in Mountain View, obviously. $ It's getting better. SFO, for one, has long-neck water dispensers for filling your own bottle. I've found other airports often have something similar. Of course, you need to think ahead to actually BRING your empty bottle (or dump the water before security), because my first thought when packing is "oh, I can't take my Nalgene because they won't let the water through security". It takes an extra step to say "oh, wait, I can take it through EMPTY". Of course, it also seems silly to pack a large empty container. I'm more likely to use a disposable bottle if I'm going to an event, or I'm walking around a city all day as a tourist, and want to be able to ditch the bottle rather than carrying it around empty. That said, I virtually never buy water, I dislike it on principle and only do so in special circumstances. There's some interesting research out there suggesting that head/neck injuries are actually more common among helmeted bicyclists than the non-helmeted. The factors include the extra weight of the helmet, the size of the helmet causing the helmeted head to strike the ground when an unhelmeted head would not have, and additional risks taken by helmeted riders (think: risk homeostasis). Unfortunately I can't find the link that was making the rounds a few months ago. In my own personal anecdotes, I have had one major bicycle wreck where I somersaulted into a car, one bicycle wreck where my chain snapped and I flung myself over the bars onto the street, and a couple of low-speed (~10mph) motorcycle offs where I collided with the ground but my head did not touch. Though there was one motorcycle case where the side of my helmet dragged on the ground slightly from about 5mph; it's arguable whether my head would have hit. That said, I have hit my head incredibly hard snowboarding, after catching an edge at very low speed ("last run of the day!" type thing), and always always always wear a helmet every single time I ride a bicycle or motorcycle or snowboard, just as I always wear a seatbelt in the car. It's just a habit, and a good one. This is why economics should be taught in schools. Or too small. In some cases, I bet there might just be one new luxo-lifestyle super expensive apartment building right next to the station, and nothing else. You throw a lot of alleged experience behind your opinion, but, having had to hire MANY employees in the Bay Area, it sure as hell doesn't seem like anyone's getting cheap labor, and I sure as hell don't see anyone languishing on the market thanks to this influx of ferriners. I have no source either, but I'd bet a very small sum of somebody else's dollars that "most people" in the US, at least, listen to most of their music in the car. That's an amazingly narrow-minded way of looking at a problem. It's easier and quicker to break your window than to pick your lock, $50 or $250. "Harming the regional peace and security and violating human rights for money". Interesting. The focus on this film and these supposed ideals make it sound very regional. I'm not saying it's North Korea, but it's someone in the region. Assuming the "purported hacker" actually had something to do with it. Unfortunately, political loyalty lasts far longer than brand loyalty. Gusty in RWC. Mostly calm but the gusts are definitely >15mph. Doing the opposite; SFO to SEA, but on Friday afternoon. Should be no problem, but you never know with SFO. I've personally had good luck with that airport but delays seem SO common. Parking spot 2 blocks from the highway? After all, it was the CHP that gave you the ticket.... In my experience, CHP is the EASIEST law enforcement agency to live with. 12 years here and not so much as a traffic stop. It's paradise compared to anywhere else I've been. Pretty common in France, from my experience -- even more so than in other European countries. It would be more popular in the US, too, if school wasn't so damned expensive! They already made it available for downloading, as the hack demonstrated. Yes. Accounting for cultural and random variations, it's the same. I've never understood why so many here ignore the CONTENT of the releases from the GOP. It's so clearly NK or an NK sympathizer. I don't see that kind of regional outrage and anger typically being used to frame someone else. I have literally no idea what this means. At first I took "lifestyle company" to mean "company that produces things for people's lifestyles", but his description seemed to be more about one's work for the company being a part of their lifestyle. Regardless, I recoil and avoid like the plague any product or service targeted at my "lifestyle" (typically with the word "luxury" thrown in for good measure). It's a sure tell of a company looking to separate fools from their money. And therein lies the problem with the author's attempt to extract huge meaning from a two-word term. Or perhaps he truly understood what the CEO meant, but just utterly failed at articulating what he meant. It's throwing around annoying editorials like "unwarranted" every time it doesn't apply to what you're excited about, and not expecting others to do same. You're the kind of person who feels they're fighting the good fight and the whole world is against them, proud of having this unpopular opinion that nobody agrees with. Yes, you're a special snowflake. It's lame. I generally agree. However: If you are risk pooling with much lower-risk devices and people, then you can still come out ahead. For example, maybe most people buying that kind of coverage are buying it for devices that rarely break or are lost/damaged -- they might be simply insuring against theft while you're using the damage coverage. It's worth noting also that he's not talking about "driving in hilly terrain", the original comment is talking about driving almost exclusively uphill. Going to Tahoe you'd go from somewhere around 0ft to around 8500ft depending on the pass, and then down only to 6200ft. Of course, this will impact all cars, though I find only a few MPG difference in our vehicles driving up to the ski resorts around Tahoe. One curious thing I've noticed is that my relatively-high-Torque-and-HP car with a manual transmission gets almost the same mileage on flat ground versus going up and down mountain ranges, assuming there's no net elevation gain. My girlfriend's fairly underpowered Subaru with a 4 speed automatic does significantly worse in the hills than it does on flat ground. Also interestingly, the Tesla should get significantly better mileage in thinner air (on flat ground) where a gas-engined car has to deal with less air to burn which balances out the lower wind resistance. Would also be interesting to see how the elevation change would affect a tesla at net 0. Say, drive from Sacramento to Truckee and back; I think the range should be plenty. I read somewhere that Whitehorse has the highest number of bicycle commuters per capita. I rode my motorcycle through there a few years ago, and it was quite beautiful.. but I don't get why so many bike commuters. I guess compared to a big city it has no transit or less transit? But less spread out than a typical suburban area? The statistic would have surprised me in an area with mild weather year-round; nothing about the area seemed particularly well- (or ill- , for that matter) suited to bicycle commuting. A fairly compact downtown but plenty of rural housing. The cold winters just made the bicycle commuting stat mind-blowing. Any feedback about this statistic? Is it like a "yeah, but.." kind of thing? Or does the area really take pride in bicycling? Some kind of history I'm not aware of? To think that a resource will suddenly disappear with no replacement is to ignore the entirety of history. Fossil fuels will not simply run out, and we are already transitioning to alternatives. That transition will speed up as costs increase. The market works. What the market is NOT doing is pricing in the impact of CO2. Which is why the CO2 emissions are the bigger problem. This is a huge surprise to me. When I went back to college, I graduated in 2006 and IS/CS/CE rates were at all-time lows. I guess it's been awhile now, but the numbers probably rebounded so recently that the only glut of talent (if there is one) is in very recent grads. We do not have major unemployment in the Valley. It's very very very hard to find good people. Possibly. I think this is why they switched from the angled magsafe to the straight-on magsafe2. My Air took a flying leap off the kitchen table because the combination of angled magsafe and light weight meant it wouldn't disconnect. Fortunately, the thing was closed, landed on the lid, bounced off the hardwood floor, did a flip, and was no worse for the wear. If it had been onto concrete or tile, or the lid had been open, it probably would have turned out worse. My 2012 MBP retina has this infernal magsafe2 connector that disconnects every time I try to use it on my lap, but at least it'll disconnect if you trip on the cord. Or if you try to use one of the 5 magsafe1->magsafe2 adapters I've bought that consistently fail after a few months. It's still something you have, even if it's glued into your USB port. Another post covered the battery thing. $130 battery replacement on Air and $199 replacement on MBP, in Apple store, while you wait. Granted, who knows how long they'll provide that service.. for a 3 year old laptop? 5? 7? I've got a 2012 Retina MBP and 2011 Air and battery life is not something I even think about. These things last ages these days. I should have stopped reading there. Instead I just laughed to myself and continued on. Reading turned to skimming turned to skipping a paragraph or two later when it was filled with the absolute worst marketing/PR buzzword bingo straight out of .. not even Business 101, but some hack shilling a "how to make your business succeed" book. Please stop. They've been saying that for decades, always using the latest industry as an excuse (Boeing, Microsoft, Amazon). Incidentally, now that I (and many friends and my parents) have moved from WA to CA, I've noticed everyone in CA complains about all of the outsiders moving here and driving up prices. It's tired and trite. PS: When do I get my kudos for moving the eff out of WA? Define "reliable". California DOES have a reliable source of water. There's a reason the crops are grown here in the first place! The problem is, it's not a reliable source of water for the demands being placed on it. Which is something you'll find, oh, anywhere you start trying to move this agriculture project. It'll work great, and there will be enough for everyone, right up until there isn't. There's a lot more "catching up" to do in a highly rent-controlled market (assuming you're not subject to rent control). For the same reasons "market rate" is artificially high (as pointed out by the linked article), the "market rate" goes up by a very large percentage each year. If all units were market rate, the market rate would not be increasing by nearly as much. How do you think prop13 props up prices? It's an incentive for people to stay in a house, which reduces churn, but it's arguably a disincentive for a renter to buy, because of the outlandish tax rates they'd need to pay (which offset the low taxes of long-term owners). I don't understand your logic. You're almost priced out of Berkeley (if it weren't for your rent control), but you don't understand where the imperative comes from? Well, you will, once they find a way to evict you. Used car dealerships run scams, too. I've bought a lot of cars, though, and never from a dealer. Some folks act as if they're OBLIGATED to buy a new car every couple of years, and obligated to put up with these people. 1. What? Why the airport? Why drive that particular route? What is it about being in Amsterdam proper that makes the car worse than it was at the airport or on the motorway? What does this have to do with Apple? What's the comparison being made? 2. Ok? Why? 3. I am, in fact, 182cm, and was just in a Model S yesterday. I had tons of headroom. I've driven them with a helmet on and had no issue. Though I will note, on the ride home yesterday, I sat in the back seat. When I rested my head on the headrest (which I almost never do in a car), I noticed my head brushed the sloping roofline, which is a common problem in sloped roof designs like the CLS and Panamera and A7. In fact, because I have a long torso, I find that my head often scrapes the roof in the driver's seat of (taller) friend's cars, until I adjust the seat downwards. Of course they are. When I was buying a house, it was a nonstop game of scanning and shuffling financial data everywhere. Office scanner, office email, office computer, cloud storage provider, personal email... and because of cloud storage provider, all other linked machines in my house, .. not to mention the email accounts of the bankers... You can try to get away from it, if you like. But then you're just wasting your time, faxing the same amount of data over immensely slow connections to your bank, who's just going to digitize it anyway and put it god knows where.... And anyone who has done this knows it's ALL time sensitive, and you have other responsibilities in life, so the most convenient/fastest method is the only real way of getting it done. I have desk toys specifically to help me avoid this. If, like the author, I could return to my task on time, I'd do so. Unfortunately, I just get distracted. So instead of switching desktops while a ~60 second task runs, I find I'm more efficient if I simply sit there and let it run while I play with a little desk toy or something. Sure, it feels like wasted time, but I'm actually more efficient when I don't lose track of what I'm doing and then find it at 6pm when I'm about to leave for the day.. "oh, right, THAT'S what I was planning on doing today!" I'm only very slightly older than this article; my first computer was an XT, so I missed the early hobbyist days of the many competing platforms; I was well into the clone era. One thing really jumped out at me: "Of the ones I've seen, a green-tinted monitor by NEC (model JB 1201M) seemed the best bargain, at $210; but patriots should take note that NEC stands for Nippon Electric Company." We like to marvel at how fast technology moves. But cultural attitudes can change just as fast. Don't forget IRQ conflicts and the early days of Plug 'N Pray which somehow managed to make things even WORSE. It's worth clarifying, because every time this comes up, some California-basher says "hurr durr why are these morons trying to farm in the desert" while ignoring the fact that, pre-irrigation, natural runoff from the mountains made many areas in central California swamps/wetlands. It's incredibly fertile land with an absolutely massive water source (in "normal" years). It's the diversion of water that's caused the issues, which have been exacerbated by the drought. Yes and no. Direct TPMS sensors that use RFID transmit a serial number but probably not the VIN. Many cars use indirect TPMS which uses the ABS sensors to measure rotational difference between wheels, thus indicating a low-pressure situation. No RFID is used. That actually sounds like a fantastic way and reason to experience the world. It's far better than most systems people use to pick travel spots: speak the language, major capital city I've heard of, etc etc. I had no idea about the elevation changes on the AT: Appalachian Trail Distance: 2,175 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~515,000 feet Pacific Crest Trail Distance: 2,650 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~315,000 feet Continental Divide Trail Distance: 3,100 miles Total Elevation Gain/Loss: ~400,000 feet http://equipped.outdoors.org/2013/10/total-elevation-gainlos... You might find the Forester Pass in the Sierra Nevada (13,153ft) difficult to deal with in the snow. In fact, the many 10k+ft sections of the PCT in California are likely the reason not to start EARLIER than April. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forester_Pass I went on a backpacking trip where I took my phone but didn't look at it. Isn't this the same thing? It seemed prudent to have the possibility to find cell service and get an exact GPS location, even though I likely only had coverage in a couple of spots over the course of a week. Yep. Just on principle, I'd have a hard time living somewhere that was insufferable without A/C. It's a clear sign you're doing something wrong. Of course, you could make a similar argument about needing artificial heat, but that's at least far more efficient! Yes, but being unwilling to spend 1 day adjusting to a different look is a pretty silly reason to continue to run a bunch of spaceheaters in your house that, as a byproduct, happen to produce some light. Particularly if you ever use air conditioning. Yup. Being in tune with the vehicle is the most fantastic part of driving. The skill and coordination required, the tactile pleasure of the controls and the gearchange. The automatic kills much of the enjoyment of it. And yes, I've been driving for about 20 years, and yes, I've commuted in some of the worst traffic in America. Also, changing gears myself does not preclude me from listening to audiobooks, as some commenter mentioned. I'm already sitting there operating the controls on the car. Having one more lever and one more pedal does not exactly tax me mentally, or preclude my other senses, not constitute any real effort aside from perhaps an extra calorie or three burned. First of all, there was an article about Hanx Writer just the other day. Yes, there ARE people who miss typewriters. Secondly, the word processor does countless things the typewriter cannot do, and does so with an order of magnitude more speed. The automatic transmission does nothing a manual transmission cannot do (from the end user perspective), other than being ever so slightly less effort, and perhaps a few milliseconds faster in gearchange, which does not matter unless perhaps you are being paid for how fast you can get to the grocery store. Freed of the tyranny of having to use your left foot for a clutch, what is it that you accomplish while driving an automatic that you could not before? Well, for one, water prices are not really set by a free market. Residential water providers are monopolies regulated by the local governments. They're not allowed to jack up their rates as it would hurt the poor. In San Juan Capistrano, the plaintiffs recently won a suit against tiered pricing on the argument that the water cannot be sold at a cost greater than the cost of providing it. Agricultural interests with senior water rights have a legal right to a much greater amount of water at much lower cost. Those with riparian rights (upstream) have the right to take as much water as they can use. There are hundreds of reasons why it's not as simple as "turn this knob to raise price". I'd be interested in this, too. I love OS X as a desktop, but always find it fascinating when such a polished "prosumer" solution that generates so much profit turns out to be also the best bang-for-the-buck in a large deployment such as this -- despite the costs of designing your own rack solution! Also the DL980 G7 is an unholy piece of crap. HP doesn't know how to build or fix them. I've gone through countless service requests on just a dozen machines or thereabouts. It's the worst piece of any kind of hardware I've ever used, hands down. Especially when it refreshes to "too many database connections" mid-read. Great work, citypaper. What's the idealized world you're comparing this to? An agrarian economy? Guess what, you either farm and build a shelter, or you go hungry and homeless. Sure, maybe an agrarian economy is too market-based for you. Try living on a commune and being the guy who specializes in "doing fuckall". I'm not sure how long you'll be welcome. I'm not quite sure what point you're trying to make, but life isn't free or fair, and it never has been and never will be. That's not a reason to not even try to make things better, but the tone of the "regurgitated bullshit" comment implies that it's being used to fight against some other, better system. The list is amazingly odd. I get that a BMW 3 series is acceptable but an M3 is not -- perhaps they don't want customers being given rides by those who fancy themselves "performance drivers". But the Subaru Impreza WRX but not the Subaru WRX? They're the same car! Impreza not acceptable, but WRX is? That turns the "performance vehicle" thing on it's head. Many small luxury vehicles (Audi A3, etc) are not acceptable. Okay, fine. But the Prius is! But the Lexus Ct200h (which is a Prius with a fancier badge) is not acceptable. The BMW 3 series is acceptable, as is the 4 series coupe, but the 4 series Gran Coupe (a Sedan version of the 4 series coupe, which is a coupe version of the 3 series sedan.. yeah, don't ask) is NOT acceptable? 1.56MW to run the projectors; 1,560,000W "Presently, Hoover Dam can produce over 2,000 megawatts of capacity and a yearly average generation of 4.5 billion kilowatt hours" 2,000,000,000W capacity, but if the annual production is 4,500,000,000,000W then it's far short of the 17,520,000,000,000W max if it produced at peak for 365 days. So really, the Hoover Dam averages 513,698,630W (arbitrary precision). 1,560,000W / 513,698,630W = 0.3% of the Hoover Dam typical production to power the projectors. Well, that answers that question. http://www.powerauthority.org/hoover-dam/ And in California, which is often considered the strictest state ever invented by man, we have stringent emissions tests but no safety inspection at all! It really confuses all of the California-bashers when you tell them that. OTOH, Google is way too big to be able to trust all of their users. And this just happens to be excellent advertising for them. I'm not so sure as to say it'd blind-FRIENDLY, but probably more so than much of the world. I have a couple of blind friends who have been using computers since the BBS days. Things have only improved by leaps and bounds in the past 20+ years. And this is probably the worst one they've done. The Avalanche at Tunnel Creek was far, far better. Probably because some people are in favor of subsidizing certain businesses and others are in favor of subsidizing others, while some are not in favor of subsidizing any. I missed the part of the Parent's argument where he advocated for public roads. The French buy groceries and alcohol from Germany as well. I saw a great short film called Delta Dawn at the Banff Mountain Film Festival. Unfortunately, all I can find is a short clip. Even the filmmaker's website doesn't seem to have it (or the page won't load properly). The article author's comment about driving the Colorado reminded me of the filmmaker riding a paddleboard all the way to Mexico on the river. https://vimeo.com/112762616 Are you familiar with Moka Pots? According to Wikipedia, they are sold in 1,3,6,9,12 shot sizes -- but I think the 3 is the most common. I rarely see large Mokas. You're not really throwing much out. Well, you need to pay the massive student loan bills somehow, and you've been studying something you are interested in and enjoy. What's the alternative? Flipping burgers for the same pay? Or do you imagine there are tons of industry jobs out there for folks without experience.. who will probably be considered overeducated but underqualified? You can try . Though sneakernetting your malicious payload into the cockpit while in-flight is not recommended. “It’s almost a bigger risk to stay in school and let people like me drop out and start things before you have a chance,” he says. That says it all, for me. It's an incredibly shortsighted view that there are real opportunity costs to time spend in college, as if you'll only have one good idea in your lifetime. It's kind of a lottery ticket mindset. College is absolutely a luxury good, and you can get by without it. But it's a great experience for most people, and education is worthwhile for it's own non-vocational merits. I had a job in tech for a few years out of high school before I went to college. Either path is fine. I'm glad I went to college, even though it didn't directly prepare me for my career. "In the video game industry, AAA (pronounced "triple A") is a classification term used for games with the highest development budgets and levels of promotion.[1][2][3][4] A title considered to be AAA is therefore expected to be a high quality game and to be among the year's bestsellers." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AAA_(video_game_industry) Apologies for the late reply. I was a Linux support guy at 18, moved into sysadmin roles for a couple years, then quit my job to go to college. I was supported by my parents so I did not work my way through college the way you likely envision. I did, however, work part-time as a sysadmin all 4 years (20 hours a week), but it only funded some living expenses, not my education. Also not what you're looking for, but, while I was still young at 21, I thought I'd have a huge leg up on all of them 18 year old youngins. Turns out we all liked pretty much the same music and the cool kids were still cooler than me, and the guys good with the ladies were still better at it than me! I majored in information systems and am still doing the same work today, 10 years later, but I love it and wouldn't change a thing. I wasn't ready for college at 18, and I got a lot more out of it and was more sure of myself at 21 when I enrolled. I rarely think of college as improving my career, but of course my degree from a relatively prestigious 2nd-tier private school doesn't hurt my resume. I pursued a professional services track upon graduation and it took me about 1 week to say "fuck this", and 2 months to quit and go back to sysadmin/ops work. If I had no previous work background I wouldn't have known that my new role wasn't right for me -- at least, not so quickly. 5. NetworkManager Is it a moral imperative in your opinion? Is it based on what other countries do? (hint: no) IMO, it is non-obvious that they are obligated to do so. Or you could have read the article. I've been putting off learning it for years and years and years. Finally decided if I'm going to keep doing this as a career I'd better figure out how to use the new tools. Have a new Cent7 install on a laptop at home. I spent over an hour trying to get the wifi to simply connect to the network. Much of this was me trying to learn how to use the networkmanager syntax which is neigh-on-impossible to decipher. The help is useless, and apparently the syntax made a huge change from 0.9 to 1.0, and not knowing either means that 90% of the hits I found on Google were utterly and completely wrong and used deprecated flags. I finally broke down and tried to use nmtui to solve my nmcli woes, but it only made things worse. The installer was nice enough to create an ifcfg- , but when I try to ifup that interface, the system complains there is no DEVICE for it. So I added a DEVICE= line corresponding to my wireless adapter (which nmcli sees), but then the system complains that my wireless device (WHICH NMCLI SEES!) does not exist . I believe I have traced the problem to a bug report I found on RedHat's bug tracker -- I needed NetworkManager-Wireless installed in order for it to use my wireless adapter. Why lspci sees my adapter, the OS names it, the firmware is installed and up to date, and nmcli even sees the adapter as a wifi adapter, but then can't use it, is beyond me. nmcli wireless scans constantly failed (which is what led me to the bug report).. the bug report says it's fixed and provides better guidance that you need NetworkManager-Wireless installed as of but that's probably wrong, since I have the latest Cent7.1 (unless the bug report is REALLY recent). Regardless, after adding the EPEL repo and installing the wireless-utils package which provides the iwlist, I was able to scan for wireless networks. NetworkManager still was unable to scan, so I did a network restart hoping I could solve the issue without rebooting the whole box. Sadly, I lost my wired connection to the system at that point, so I'll have to wait until I get home to play with it some more. Oh, and by the way -- even though my wired i/f is set to "ONBOOT=true", it did not, in fact, come up on boot because the cable was disconnected. After I connected the cable it took me 5+ mins to realize I had to restart the network service to get the connection to function, which is not the way it works pre-NetworkManager. Suffice it to say, the software is massively, massively, massively, massively sub-par, and far less user-friendly than the good 'ol "editing text files" way. I suspect I am soon to have many more similar headaches as I delve into the world of systemd head first (another thing I've been avoiding). Fortunately, we get to do really exciting things now that NetworkManager has taken over. I can CD to things, and set properties and methods, and all kinds of shit that makes me feel like I'm using Fujitsu's deplorable ALOM: nmcli> goto ipv4 nmcli ipv4> describe Available properties: method, dns, dns-search, addresses, routes, ignore-auto-routes, ignore-auto-dns, dhcp-client-id, dhcp-send-hostname, dhcp-hostname, never-default, may-fail Property name? method nmcli ipv4> set method auto nmcli> back see how fun and intuitive it is? Again, all of your wild assumptions are covered in the article. If they're only getting one payout, and they're already barely scraping by, they're hardly about to stop working. It helps them get a leg up. As the article mentioned, some folks would prefer to receive the money in a few payments so that they're less likely to have family members come begging, but some prefer it all at once so they can allocate it to a big project. Spotify has done a far, far better of integration with devices like Home Theater receivers than Apple has. Airplay works on my receiver, but Spotify is awesome. Fire up a playlist on the laptop, close it, switch to my phone, it can now control the playlist I started on the phone which is now running on the receiver. The receiver itself plays the music directly rather than being streamed from the device I started playing on. Nifty. Sure, but considering we have something like 29x as many fatal shootings per capita in the US versus the UK, arguably, the police here show relative restraint -- not in the sense that the police shootings are a direct response to civilian shootings, but rather that police shootings are a comparatively small percentage over the overall shootings. I'm not trying to say any of this is good, but my point is that it's incorrect to believe that it's "relatively common for the police to shoot a fleeing suspect". What? He sure has an awful lot of his self-worth wrapped up in whether he gets a job offer from one specific company. It reminds me of being interested in a particular girl in high school. At a certain point, you learn that there are other jobs out there, and maybe the one with the biggest name isn't the best one. I certainly wouldn't be the least bit offended. Not when the market is flush with high-paying-jobs-a-plenty, particularly for someone with his background. What's insane about the requirements? They actually have to pay for what they promised? So now the employer is obligated to come to the employees? There's a reason employers tend to be in populated areas with a larger pool of potential employees. You can setup an office in Cheyenne, Wyomong, but if there are only 2 potential people to employ there, it's not particularly efficient. People have moved for work since.. forever. How does our current (theoretically) progressive tax system factor in cost-of-living? Are they moving towards bandwidth caps? Comcast in the SF Bay Area has claimed a "suspended" 250GB cap for years and years. I get the impression that we're moving away from bandwidth caps. NHL has a $150/yr subscription where you can watch any of your team's games... as long as they're playing out-of-market! It makes you wonder what the point of it all is. I'm a cord cutter since 2011... EXCEPT! Except I am currently a cable TV subscriber. I have to call Comcast every 6-12 months when my "deal" expires. I used to have 150mbit service, but in the dark days of the Comcast vs Netflix battles, I could only stream at 240x120. So I said "screw it" and switched to 25mbit service for far less money -- my Netflix streams got better, too! Then once that deal was up, they offered to double my speed to 50mbit and drop my price by $5/month.. if I was willing to become a cable TV subscriber again. Turns out the "limited basic" is really just lifeline these days, but they did throw in HBO for the first time in my life. I returned the cable box to them on day 1; all of my TV programming comes OTA from a Mohu Sky to my HDHomeRun and goes through my WMC7 DVR. I occasionally watch HBO Go on my AppleTV which is the only use I get out of my cable TV subscription. But according to Comcast's numbers, I am a cable TV subscriber -- or at least will be, for the next 6 months. I'm actually willing to pay a bit extra per month to NOT be listed as a subscriber, but unfortunately very few internet-only deals seem to exist in ComcastLand. Incidentally, they also bumped me to 100mbit from 50, and recently from 100 to 150. 150mbit for $60/mo is nothing to shake a stick at I suppose. I just wish they couldn't count me as one of their subscribers. They're gaming their subscriber numbers the same way the NYTimes is when they basically make you throw away the dead tree edition to get a cheaper digital subscription. It's also amazing how many (presumably unpaid) cheerleaders the entrenched, corrupt, consumer-harming incumbents have to flood the comments of every discussion about Uber. Maybe some Uber supporters take "don't let perfect be the enemy of good" to heart. Uber does a lot wrong, and there are a lot of reasons to dislike them, but there are also reasons to cheer their success -- if not some of their methods. Literally medallions and literally the mafia? Not as far as I know. But most cities restrict supply of taxis to keep prices high and fix prices as the behest of the taxi industry -- in addition to all of the other fun things the taxi lobby does. When Seattle built the Link light rail system, it stopped 1 mile shy of the airport because the taxi drivers didn't want the competition. Fortunately public outcry shut that down, but it's pretty rare that the general public gets upset enough about an issue to overcome the power of a specific interest group (yes, this includes Uber as well!) There's plenty of literature to explain why price fixing and limiting supply/licensure is bad. There's no competition, no incentive to improve or provide a premium service. There's no reason to provide service in far-out areas where it might be hard to find a return fare. There's no reason to provide service in less "desirable" (read: minority) areas. Of course, there are problems with the Uber model, too: Surge pricing being one of them. Some people think it's gouging, some think it's the right solution to provide supply for excess demand. Yep. Just because you CAN early exercise does not mean you can afford to do so. I was fortunate because I was able to early exercise shortly after grant but when I knew the company was going public. Had to borrow some money to do so, but the couple hundred I probably paid in interest was more than made up for in the tens of thousands I saved in income taxes. It takes the right scenario, to be sure. At the time I had no mortgage interest deduction so I could afford a double-digit paper AMT gain; I was still only subject to normal income taxes. In theory when you leave the company, if it has not gone public, you get paid back the money you put in. In practice, if it goes out of business, you just lost all of the money you put in. I didn't quite follow your scenario, but of course you'd be paying 9.3 CA and 28 Fed on your salary as well. And you wouldn't be paying FICA on capital gains. No, TFA outlined the reasons that options may not become liquid even if the company is successful. I'm fine with describing Uber that way too. I didn't go out of my way to do so, because I was replying in-kind to someone who was asking why people defend Uber; I was merely pointing out the same could be said of the Taxi industry. My insurance allows any authorized driver to drive my car and be covered. I called them up before my girlfriend's cousin's boyfriend visited from England and asked if he was covered (despite not being a citizen or resident of the US, not possessing a US driver's license, related to me (or her!) in any way, etc, etc. They said "no problem". (and yes, I realize I should probably not rely on phone support staff for legal advice) America will be about the last place to attempt this, if the past (and our current welfare) are any guide. It's an interesting concept. My immediate reaction is that it creates disincentives to work. In theory it does, but the only data we have is those who are currently on welfare and do not work -- but maybe those people were basically not going to work anyway! We have no competing group of people who are on welfare yet still CHOOSE to work to better their lives, because as soon as someone gets a job, no more benefits! So it's natural that an outsize chunk of people on public assistance don't work -- and the ones who stay on the longest, of course, don't WANT to work. But it undercounts those who go on the system then back out of it as they get work. Other things that seem "obvious" to result: inflation. If everyone can afford $x for housing, why should housing costs not go up by a similar amount? The same way 2 incomes is now "normal", and the same way giving tax deductions on mortgage interest to make housing "more affordable" means, now that everyone can afford more housing, housing is bid up. I don't know, but it's a fascinating experiment, anyone who is not paying for it should be in favor of this experiment -- unless you just hate poor people. Thanks. I need to read this when I have the time -- my initial reaction (from skimming) is that it keeps insisting that increasing money supply does not cause inflation because of the Fed pumping money into the economy, and giving it to investors who are not spending it. Giving it to the poor, who have a higher marginal utility for their dollars, should cause more inflation than giving it to the rich. Again, from skimming, they seem to mention the idea of it being more useful for the poor, but dance around actually addressing it directly. I don't see the problem with this reading. 1. It's POSSIBLE to be unhappy about this, IF it is your money being used, and you have certain criticisms. but 2. If it's not your money, I can't see how anyone could possibly have an issue with the experiment. Which part do you disagree with? I'm not saying that anyone whose money is involved here HAS to be upset about it. I'm just saying, if they have skin in the game, they at least may have REASON to quibble. And if they don't, I don't see what complaint a person could possibly have with research (that, incidentally, benefits people). Yup, I'm well aware of how the disability system is being used. But we all know increasing social services has been pretty much a toxic idea since at least the early 90s. Yeah, the APF was mentioned in the Medium article, and I'm familiar with it as I have family both who live in Alaska, and who have worked in the oil industry. Also, I've been to deadhorse myself, but I'm not sure that qualifies me for anything other than glancing at the pipeline now and again for hours and hours and hours on the Dalton. After re-reading your parent's statement a few times, I think (s)he thought I was saying you must dislike it if you're paying for it, but if you're not paying for it, you can't dislike it. I merely was saying I can't see a valid criticism for those of us who aren't paying for it. There may be some valid criticisms of the idea, but I'd rather see how this goes. I can't think of a single (valid) reason to oppose basic research on solving poverty, when that research has no negative impact on the person who might be opposing it. Can you? The only one I can think of is "I want to ensure poor people are kept poor." Typically local taxes only affect those who have a physical presence in that jurisdiction. It seems easier for a store in Chicago to nudge the tax collection from, say, "5% for state, 2.1% for city" to "5% for state, 2.2% for city" Now, of course, if the COUNTY decides to implement a new tax, that's a whole new set of paperwork that has to be done. But it still only affects the businesses in that locale. To tax EVERY company that does any kind of business with any customer located in the city means that now tens of thousands (?) of companies have to price this tax in. Where do we end up when every streaming company has to separately track and pay taxes in hundreds of thousands of municipalities, counties, states across the country? I first heard this proposed in Oregon (implement GPS receivers so you can pay per-mile taxes (and be tracked!) so that we don't have to raise gas taxes!) It has also come up in CA and (I believe) at the federal level, to offset increased efficiency gains. It's absolutely maddening that politicians consider it to be EASIER to implement a whole new, complex, rube-goldberg-esque tax, rather than just nudge the rate on something that's already well-understood and implemented. Uber doesn't own the capital, the article is correct. But that doesn't mean it could just as easily be a cooperative of freelance drivers. What Uber brings to the table is the funding to change (seemingly by any needs necessary) the regulation that made the taxi industry so crap in the first place. For better or for worse. Is the exploitative structure of the taxi industry a result of regulation? Seems reasonably likely. They're absolutely right that there's nothing "sharing economy" about Uber in particular. Nobody really believes that they're hitching a ride with a friendly person, just because that driver was "headed in that direction anyway". AirBNB is more plausibly sharing (if, as the article points out, you think "sharing" means "getting paid for something"). In theory reducing underutilized housing units is a great thing. Of course, it also drives up the value of that very housing (capital), which can exacerbate the rich/poor divide. Piketty would have a thing or two to say about this. The way I heard it described to me was that it was considered very bad to hoard your wealth by, say, cooking or cleaning for yourself, rather than providing jobs for the less fortunate. Granted, that's a pretty rosy way of viewing the arrangement, but, as usual, some income is better than none. I wouldn't call an organization with a monopoly on force a co-op, at least, not in the traditional sense. Stay on the throttle. Odd that, on the graph in the link, one of the spikes in deaths seems to come immediately after an increase in consumption, but the next, bigger spike in deaths from ALD comes BEFORE a similarly large increase in consumption. I'm suspicious, mostly because it goes against the conventional wisdom that alcohol consumption increased during prohibition. Hardly unbiased sources, but.... http://www.druglibrary.org/prohibitionresults1.htm http://www.druglibrary.org/schaffer/History/e1920/chicagodea... If you DID go up into a tall building, what's your plan? Jump into the water just as the building's collapsing? For passenger capacity, note that most car owners utilize 1/4 or 1/5 of their available seats. Yet while all 3 of my vehicles (2 cars and a motorcycle) are 2-seaters, virtually all of my driving is solo (and I'm not even talking about commuting -- I'm primarily a bicycle commuter. Okay, my other 3 vehicles have 1 seat and 2 pedals). The "average" or typical use case is not how people choose their vehicle. They choose it based on the uncommon use case. The executive buys himself a Porsche not because it will get him anywhere any faster, or because she really knows how to drive it, but because it projects an image of what she could do. The SUV is sold on the promise of rugged camping trips and dodging boulders to transport the children safely back home under conditions that can best be described as "apocalypse". Hell, I have many car enthusiast friends who have bought practical, boring cars because they've got that 3rd row seating for hauling their kids' friends.... before they even have kids! For 99% of use cases, yes, the electric car is cheaper and more convenient. But my next car will be a comfortable, powerful, gas-powered car with AWD. Why? Because today's weight (and efficiency) penalty for AWD is basically zero, and on the one trip to Tahoe a year where chain control is in effect, I won't have to freeze my digits off trying to fit chains (or, worse, get taken out by a vehicle careening out of control in the snow).. and I won't have to hunt down nonexistent charging infrastructure where I don't have a driveway, let alone a garage. It will be for the 2 roadtrips I take a year. It will be because, while the electric car is better for MOST of my driving, it doesn't accommodate the rare circumstances we really buy vehicles for -- Because the electric car isn't enough better at the 99% of use cases to make up for its virtual uselessness at the 1%. I love electric cars. I've driven the i3, various hybrids, and the Tesla Roadster and Model S. Some day I will own an electric car, but I wouldn't surprise if the tipping point takes quite a bit longer to trigger than he expects. Well, now we know what happened to all of the previously-good Google products. I hate to complain about free products, but will make an exception for Google, which constantly removes features and usability as if a PM's bonus depends on it. Give me back my color-coded GMail threads, ability to edit the subject without multiple clicks, and view features not hidden by submenus. And that's just GMail, and that's just off the top of my head. Falling solar costs. Next year's deal will be even better than this year's deal. And so on. You realize that ever-thicker doors and ever-smaller windows are all about crash test performance, right? The 911 is suffering from the exact same problem as the year go on. I've never thought of the 911 as having particularly good visibility anyway, but I guess the low hood and upright windshield helps. It's a premium Leaf. It's hard for people to understand premium electric car, when electric = economy in many people's minds. The first time I drove an i3, I immediately got it -- "oh, it's a BMW. It's actually a nice place to be". The driving dynamics were great, and the design astoundingly useful and space-efficient. You really have to play with it in person to appreciate how much space there is and yet how compact the body is. People will pay extra for luxury cars that don't DO anything functionally different from a run-of-the-mill sedan. Why not pay more for electrics that don't do anything different from run-of-the-mill electrics? IMO, hangouts is infuriatingly bad. It's way too keystroke-intensive to sign in and sign out of accounts in the iOS app; the Chrome app (plugin?) thing is terrible and the functionality seems to change every other week. I can't count on them not breaking notifications (such as those for when I receive a message while signed out) in new and exciting ways at random times, and... well, it's just terrible in all kinds of ways. I'm a 5 minute bike ride away from Facebook. Gotta choose your suburbs wisely! Discipline/focus is probably something holding most of us back. Apparently the Black Hat audience is very conservative and pro-government. And likes Keith Alexander. I guess the author has been attending a different conference than me. Nobody knows. Microsoft's own release makes no sense. You (and your employer, combined) cannot contribute more than $18,000 tax-free per year. It's either 100% match of $9,000 on your $9,000 to make $18,000, or it's 50% match of your $12,000 to make $18,000. It can't be both things that the press release says it is. My best guess is that they meant to say they now match 100%, but we won't know for sure until they correct the press release. It's worth what it's worth. Salaries are high enough that it's not hard to contribute the max. I'd LOVE to have a 401k match, because I'm already maxed out. 100% match would be $9,000 per year straight into my pocket. (Well, minus taxes, I suppose, since that particular $9,000 would now be taxed). That's not allowable under law. The max is $18k (unless you're subject to the catch-up provisions over age 50 or 55 or whatever it is). On the Internet, nobody knows that your dog doesn't drink coffee. ... which is interesting, because while it demonstrates that cabs are perhaps not as damaged by Uber's business model as they claim they are, it plays into DeBlasio's arguments that Uber increases congestion. Intuitively, I'd say Ubers spend less time driving around looking for a fare, and a more intelligent dispatching/routing model would decrease fareless miles driven. That said, if it causes a shift from subways, it would increase congestion. I don't think this is a reason for the government to attack Uber. If traffic is a problem congestion charge type systems would be more effective, as it would 'penalize' all players equally; Uber, Taxis, and private vehicles. Of course, there are plenty of reasons for them to attack Uber already; the contractor model, the beg-for-forgiveness model, etc. Maybe. They could have been first to market with a digital camera. But if they kept prices high enough that digital photography profits were as high or higher than the film business they cannibalized from, they would have had their lunch eaten when the patent expired anyway. The profits simply weren't there with digital to sustain the size of a company that film did. They could have used dominance in digital camera sales to invent and patent ways of using digital photographs, too. But at the end of the day, big companies have an extremely hard time adapting to new paradigms, and likely Kodak would have had to shrink anyway. I guess I just don't "get" twitter, but despite the character limit, I still feel like a high-res screenful of tweets still contains almost no content. The webpage limits tweets to a very narrow column in the middle of the browser window, and there's a ton of fluff at the top and bottom of every tweet. I've never been successful at curating my twitter feed; I follow way fewer people than I'd like to, and still see way too much junk. Facebook is getting worse about "junk" too, but somehow I see far more content per pixel on Facebook than I do on Twitter. I'd like to think limiting content to 140 characters would make twitter more information-dense, but it doesn't feel that way in my anecdote. Yup! People complain that the bay area cost of living is high, but for me it's a quality of life issue. I'm able to bike to work 30 minutes each way. Sure it takes longer than driving (which I do on occasion), but it's a good workout. I can do it year-round, and it's not so warm or humid here that I show up at work dripping with sweat. Put the bike away, toss a hoodie over my t-shirt once I've cooled off a bit, and I'm set. Odd. Just last year I was renting a 2/1 house in Belmont for $2k, until we bought a house. My buddy's renting a 2/1 in San Mateo for $3k. How close is "close"? I'd expect 1bd apartments to be cheaper than entire houses. $190k, I assume. Salaries are higher here for one. Say $190k vs 4x as much, $760k. Assuming magic 10% down appears in your pocket, 0% property tax, ignore the differences in state/local taxes, and assume a spherical chicken in a vacuum.... $3200/mo vs $800/mo. 4 times as much! Wow! That's a lot of money. Right? Except.. it's "only" $29k/yr. Most cost-of-living expenses don't scale with income. Now, of course, your salary has to be more than that to cover taxes, but say 20% overall tax rate, you really only need $36k more per year, which you might see straight up on a single salary, based on cost-of-living pay adjustment alone. If you're married, suddenly you only have to make $18k per person per year more. If you follow the "1/3 of your salary" rule, it would suggest that you need to make $86,400 per year more, which is why expensive housing sounds so expensive. One would hope that in a low cost-of-housing market, you're not spending 1/3 of your income on your housing, because then you really don't have a lot of money left over for retirement or food or entertainment. Similarly, in a higher cost-of-living market, you might fudge that a bit and pay more than 1/3 of your salary, which still leaves you more money for your 401k and transportation and entertainment, and all those things that really don't scale with cost of living much at all. You could also look at the high cost of living as a savings plan. As long as you retire before whatever particular housing cycle bubble bursts, you can still retire to Texas (or wherever) -- you can just do so with more money (equity, savings, retirement plan, etc). Also, some tax and expense treatment of housing is pretty regressive. You're probably not getting a mortgage interest/property tax income tax deduction on a cheap mortgage; on a more expensive one you are, so you're immediately paying a lower effective interest rate and property tax rate (if you want to look at it that way). You're not paying PMI for that sub-20% down payment because it's not federally backed. etc. This is not to say it's cheap, or easy, or affordable for everyone, or even smart. It's just saying how it's possible, and how it's probably not as bad as it sounds. Today it doesn't matter. As long as money remains cheap (and the Fed keeps insisting on it), it will fuel property prices in SF and other desirable places. If you buy a place in San Francisco in 2 years, THEN maybe you'll go negative for a bit. After the last bubble "burst", you think you could scoop up some cheap property in SF? Nope. Maybe prices dropped 10-15%, and now they're higher than they ever were. People are flocking to cities, which means the suburbs are the ones that get hammered when prices drop. You bring up a very good point about the rent "alternative" not leaving much space for savings; particularly these days. I was able to rent a 2bdr house in a very desirable location for $2k in 2011, but by 2014 when I bought a house, this was considered at least $1k under market value (even though they never raised the rent). And, of course, 3 years isn't really enough time to save for a down payment! If 1/3 is $4000, that leaves $8000 to pay taxes (call it 2400 on 12k/mo), which leaves $5600/mo to live off of. I could deal with that. No PMI on jumbo loans. They just require cash reserves. (which, yes, is more money on top of what you have to put down, but there's no requirement that you not spend it once you close). So take that $200k, put down 100, and keep the rest in the bank. From the chart, retransmission fees have gone from $0.2bn to $8.6bn (in 2018, so, a projection) Absolutely, retransmission fees are growing faster than anything else. But Basic Cable net fees have gone from 16.2 to 46.9bn. Fees paid to RSNs (sports?) have (will have?) gone from 2.7 to 7.8bn. $35.8bn change for "cable stuff" vs $8.4bn change for "local stuff". So, yeah, local broadcasters are rolling in it, but the dollar impact on your bill is from cable+sports programming. (albeit likely on a smaller per-channel basis). Huh, okay, good to know. Maybe on a per-bank basis. I assumed PMI was just fannie/freddie-mandated and nobody else cared. Let me guess, the documentation is in hex for no apparent reason. And sun exposure. It will raise your property value though. It's basically clickbait as written. Does that make me "lazy" for not clicking on every link that says "you won't believe what happens next!"? Fully-loaded employee cost of 100k is probably 60k in salary. maybe 70, tops. But point taken. - the domain, textfiles.org, is for sale. To purchase, call BuyDomains.com. - clicking the link and reading the article did not help, so I went to the comments for context. I got lucky on this one. I've never heard of textfiles, so I was going to question whether or not it's really "well-known", and I got a good laugh when I went to the site you recommended and found a domain for sale :) This surprised me too. Of course I'm not surprised to learn that the term was used before it was popularized for iOS devices, but I'm VERY surprised to see it thrown about so liberally in this article. I really don't remember the term back then. "... the site I just showed you will help Chrysler sell cars, because it distributes information to customers far better than Chrysler’s dealers can." almost 20 years later, and nothing has changed. I'm trying to buy a specific car, and the Internet knows everything, dealers know nothing. The salespeople and dealers know less about the cars on their lots than the consumers do. The consumers know about new models before they're even announced; dealers don't know about them until they show up. Dealers can't tell you when a certain car will be built or shipped, you're lucky if they can even tell you when it arrives at port and is on a train or truck destined for their dealership. I'm spending a lot of time online where "insiders" sneak information about production numbers and ship dates and tracking and so on, and the "official" channels are utterly worthless. It's amazing, disastrously bad. And we pay for it. I can't way to see the dealership model die. This was my thought too (as an iOS user). Thanks for clarifying. My next car will have Carplay so the voice control in Spotify will be a welcome addition. According to the leaked presentation, it could be next year. Or it could be in 2016. I'm actually shocked to see such a massive number of coders on HN (a skill that still somewhat eludes me) can't use the command line, which I consider a Step #0 type prerequisite. It just hadn't even occurred to me that this might be a possibility. I'm not even sure how folks get started in the hobby/skill without the CLI background. I'd be interested in hearing more about the skills progression of these folks, and how they got to the expertise they have today. Ditto. I assumed this happened to everyone; it happens to my gmail address constantly. Occasionally I get a message that's cc:d to sameusername@notmyuniversity.edu so I can at least inform the person that they've been using the wrong address. I actually was shocked to hear the above woman's voice on the radio one time, when she was interviewed by NPR as a faculty member at that same university! Mostly it's an annoyance, and pisses me off that more places don't use double-opt-in. I've had the GMail account since 2004 and I got no mis-addressed mail until at least 2008 or 2010, then only stray ones until about 2013 when all of a sudden there was an uptick and it seems like there must be at least 20 people who at least occasionally use my email address by mistake, at least on occasion. I've gotten Alitalia boarding passes, tax data, all kinds of things. I'm on a family mailing list. I got a reply to someone who sent an email (using my address) from behind the steering wheel of a top-down Miata. Imagine their shock when I sent back an identical picture from behind the wheel of my own identical car. Another good one was the kid who kept signing up for college information using my address. Then one day I got email from a college administrator saying the snail-mailed info packet was sent back to them as unaddressable, and asked him (me) for clarification as to his postal address. I politely pointed out that he also, unfortunately, provided an incorrect email address. I was thinking to myself "not everyone is college material", but others assured me I had done the right thing. Upvoted because every opportunity for me to vote against RedHat's insistence on the nightmare that is systemd is a good opportunity. Stop breaking Linux's usefulness as a server OS in a misguided attempt to make it a desktop OS. (see: systemd, networkmanager, etc) And the size of a drink. A packaged item? Or 8oz? Does the US call itself the "richest country in the world" more frequently than anyone else does? Which country do you reside in, incidentally? You'll also find people here claim the homeless "don't want help." It doesn't mean they're correct in their assessment. Speaking of a little cold, in some places being homeless is more feasible than others. LA is certainly one of those places. It also depends on your standards. I'm not saying we don't have a huge homeless problem -- we absolutely do. I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, home to some of the most expensive housing in the world, and there are many homeless here (or at least in SF proper). It also depends on who you consider a person. When I was living in France, I once remarked that I was surprised that there were so many homeless people, and that it seemed like there were almost as many as my hometown. The reply was "oh, no, they're not homeless, they're Roma." cgrubb's comment puts the US-wide estimate at 0.18%, so actually pretty close. Because it does nothing that anyone in my organization has ever asked for, nor does it do anything that anyone in any organization I've ever worked for has asked for, in 20 years of working on Linux systems. I've never heard of any problems it solves other than things described in abstract terms that might make sense to a developer but that makes no sense to Operations/DevOps teams. Nobody likes learning something new for zero benefit. I keep trying, though. But the more I am forced to learn about it, the more arcane it gets. It's not a learning curve, as far as I can tell. It's a learning wall with no payoff. It makes everything we do more difficult, the commands make no sense, and it brings no tangible benefit. It's change for change's sake. It reminds me of DJB's insistence on making logs in hex "just because". Just a simple example. Why is it "systemctl list-unit-files"? What the hell are unit files? How is this in any way logical? Why is this an argument and not a flag? Why is it that I can use a systemctl command, and it tells me to use the -l flag to view non-ellipsized output, but then when I use the flag, it gives me an arcane error that tells me nothing about what happened? It's the tip of the iceberg in an endless string of junk that simply doesn't make any sense or work properly. So, I like to vote against it whenever I can, because supporters like to keep insisting that it's the way of the future, and implying anyone who hates it is a luddite. The term "hybrid" does not indicate that a gas engine powers the wheels directly. A series hybrid can have a gasoline or diesel motor that exists merely to charge the batteries, as in the i3 Range Extender version. The article specifically mentions the 3 series becoming a hybrid (not what type; the ActiveHybrid 3 and ActiveHybrid5 already exist for limited sale), but it also speculates: "The new range of cars could be driven by separate electric motors powering the front and rear wheels, with a small gasoline engine to generate electricity to extend the range of the batteries" So, basically, we don't know what their precise plans are, but the article does not indicate that the 3er will have a gas engine powering the wheels. And since at least the 2012 F30 3 series in the US, if not before then. ... but not in a way that limits its usefulness as a street car. As mentioned, refilling time is the bigger drawback as a street car. On the road, acceleration over 100mph is not really all that important. On the track, it's crucial. Tesla dumped the multi-speed gearbox because it was a hard problem to solve, for one, but I think that was inside of the parameters of it not being that important. If it needed a multi-speed gearbox to make it go over 60mph, they would have made it work. I, for one, neither wish ill will on people I don't know, nor do I wish a miserable workplace with uptight, excessively punitive policies on anyone. It could well be. I don't have the technical understanding or time to invest in order to make a technical criticism. But I've been fighting it for a year or two, and it hasn't started making more sense yet! Perhaps. My complaint is that systemd has not started making any more sense in the year(s) I've been wrestling with it. And it hasn't given me any benefit yet. To most of us, it's change for change's sake, which makes life worse due to the learning curve. If it made life easier for the average end user or the average sysadmin, it would have more defenders. As a man, what? I read the article a couple of days ago, but I don't recall anything here being particularly gender-specific. Kera Yonker. Brian Rea did the illustration. I will admit, though, I assumed it was a woman just from the male romantic interest, which is my bad. If it's an ATV2 you'll probably get more than you paid for it because it's jailbreak-able. I never bought the first gen ATV but when the new ones dropped for $99, I snapped one up as an impulse buy and then got another when the 1080p version came out, for the other TV. I'm impressed with my FireTV stick (1080p streaming over wifi to the tune of 10Mbps for 2.5h straight!!, but I use the AppleTV more. At $150, I'll probably buy the new one to see what it's all about. These streaming devices are pretty cool and pretty cheap. (I've also got a WDTV and my receiver does spotify+airplay audio; I haven't yet bought a Roku though). We notice the same thing in the US. The "Northeast" is mostly south of Portland Oregon (the big, important Portland, not the tiny one in Maine). East coast folk don't realize how far south their coast is. To say nothing of the fact that the southeast thinks it's "the south" which undoubtedly confuses all foreign visitors to Texas who are told "this isn't the South". What indication do you have that 37rentals is an American? Is it necessary that he be American for your bias to work correctly? Your seem to revel in false nostalgia and projecting on folks who choose to travel for leisure. When I travel, I see and experience so much that it is difficult to distill into a 2 minute soundbite for some coworker I do not know particularly well just to make smalltalk. That does not mean that I didn't have a fantastic experience, and I certainly don't wish for you to take it as a data point that things were better in the good old days. It seems choosing a home in the flight path of a major international air hub was not the best move for someone with such critical views of humanity. That's not to say I disagree with you; I, too, have negative feelings about these kinds of wasteful competitions. But I think you're going way overboard. With a 7.5h flight time from JFK to LHR, plus a 5 hour time difference, that's a 12.5h of effective travel time. So, you already DO take off at, say, 19:30 from JFK and land at 08:00 in Heathrow. From SFO this is a 19.5h journey when you factor in the time difference, which means to "wake up" at 08:00 at LHR, you leave at 12:30 from SFO. In both cases, making the journey longer isn't going to make it particularly more pleasant, even if the dirigible was more comfortable. And anyway, how fast do you envision this craft flying? A 200mph dirigible sounds like a feat, and it still would take AGES (with time difference, basically 24h from JFK to LHR). (yes, I'm aware we don't typically factor time change into these travel time calculations, but I'm doing it for the sake of "go to sleep in X and arrive rested and refreshed in Y") I like to bitch about this every chance I get, but I just don't understand why nobody puts money into making travel pleasant. I'm not talking about a few inches more legroom, I'm talking about my own armrest (and, okay, maybe a few inches more legroom). I flew first class on a Virgin American domestic leg lately, and the legroom was absurd-- I couldn't even reach the seat in front of my with my legs outstretched. I don't need that much room, and in fact it makes it difficult to reach my underseat bag. (although it means I can escape to the aisle without disturbing my seatmate). If a narrowbody jet went from a 3+3 coach config to a 2+2 that's 50% more cost per passenger. Throw in a couple more inches of legroom. Call it 100% more cost to be generous. How are there not plenty of folks like myself who would be happy to pay it, but can't even fathom the idea of paying 5x as much for today's business class? Yes, I realize today's first and business class fares subsidize coach to some extent, but .. I just don't understand how a premium service can't catch on in this day and age. Talk about customer loyalty. Which is really as it should be. I also find it amusing when people are SHOCKED that a kid would have a cell phone. Sure, they don't need an extravagant $700 smartphone, but who needs a cell phone more? The adult with multiple credit cards, money, reliable transportation, and sits at a desk 8 hours a day with a telephone sitting right there on it? (and then commutes by comfortable car to a house that likely has a landline.. or at least used to when I originally formulated this argument)? Or the kid who rarely has access to a landline, no credit card, no transportation of their own, relies on others (school bus, parents, etc) for transportation to a schedule that might vary each day of the week, and who is much more likely to be "stuck" somewhere? Do it. I've only seen Hackers once, maybe 15 years ago, but Sneakers is an all-time favorite. Or thirty-three-six. It's definitely worth pointing out, but his electricity estimate is so low that the numbers effectively work out for Tier 1 in the SF bay area. I'm sure a school is not in tier 1. But maybe they get beneficial commercial/educational/government pricing, I don't know. They may be off for 3 months over the summer. Which might mean they were actually off, or it might mean that they ran 24/7 and NONE of that time was for 'educational' purposes. The difference is, because of its prohibition, marijuana has a thriving black market. They need to stamp out the black market before they can get taxation to that level. Are daytime TV ads really that cheap, or are there so many people with structured settlements out there (from what?) that buying them is a profitable business to be in? On the other hand, if you're buying for pennies on the dollar and only need a tiny staff... Now more than just an insanely strong beer. http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/16843/76206/ The other sources I've seen specifically said ANY time a vehicle was tested, this did not show up. Tests are typically done on a dynomometer. One easy solution would be trigger the clean mode when the front (driven) wheels are spinning but the rears are not. I'm a motorcyclist too, and straight piped Harleys make me stabby. I don't believe they're louder on the highway. I believe they're louder whenever they're within earshot of any place where people congregate without earplugs (cafes, restaurants, pedestrian areas), whereupon the scumbag on the seat finds it necessary to go wide-open throttle to show off how terrible their bike sounds. It never fails. You're not wrong, but tailpipe tests were quite common in many states. In CA, like other states, they're being phased out. Nevermind the fact that California has no safety inspection, unlike many Eastern states in particular. It's fairly silly to call CA the "gestapo" although they are more aggressive about emissions than anyone else, as you mentioned. I am a driving and motorcyclist enthusiast, and have modified cars and regularly participate in track days. Somehow I've never had a problem with CA emissions, nor have most of my like-minded friends. It's just not that bad, and it does a lot of good. http://www.autocar.co.uk/car-news/industry/diesel-dominance-... http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/sep/14/nine-out-... http://www.bbc.com/news/business-34257424 http://www.hybridcars.com/will-america-avoid-europes-clean-d... First of all, that's not how it works. Secondly, being in neutral and revving the engine seems like a pretty obvious red flag for "hey, maybe I'm being tested for emissions" in the scenario you mention. As was my German-built Corrado in the 90s. Of course, is that stopping me from buying another one this year? Nope, it just took me 15 years ago to get over it. I think it's a fantastic place to live, albeit expensive. I don't go to trendy restaurants, but there's a lot to do in the area. Lots of hiking/running/mountain biking opportunities. Don't undervalue the nice weather; it's a lot less enjoyable to do most outdoor activities when the weather is crappy or unpredictable. Easy access to the ocean. Relatively easy access to the mountains, assuming they get snow again. I'm a motorsport enthusiast; lots of great racetracks and mountain roads for cars+motorcycles. The typewriters were the issue It's like 15% of their US market. But the 11 million figure in this article (vs the old 450k figure) includes vehicles worldwide. 450k was US diesels from VW. Thanks for the reminder to disable HN notifications in Safari. From this article and every other article I've read, yes. It specifically detects when it is being tested versus normal road driving. There have also been no claims that the VW Touareg TDI failed. So 6cyl SUVs pass. There aren't many 4cyl diesels in the US. Chevy Cruze. New BMW 328d. I imagine the new 328d passes just fine, but supposedly the new-for-2016 VW E288 diesels do as well.. they just never got a chance to sell them! Starting with MY16 no US VW TDIs are being sold because they never got their certificate of conformity from the EPA. I had never heard of this. Spectacular! https://bicycledutch.wordpress.com/2012/08/23/spectacular-ne... You're welcome to your opinion. I bike 8 miles each way in Silicon Valley with a backpack on my back. I ride in a t-shirt and jeans (unless it's really hot, in which case I wear shorts). I ride moderately hard, so I arrive with a bit of sweat on my body and on my face. Sometimes I wipe the sweat off my face with a paper towel. 10 mins in my air-conditioned cube and I'm back to normal temp, all dried off, and merino t-shirts don't smell. Driving a car is convenient, sure. My bike commute to work takes about twice as long as driving on 101, though my commute home is often about the same, time-wise due to traffic. I enjoy the bike ride more, for the most part. Occasionally I wish I had a car. Once I had vertigo so I called an Uber to take me to the urgent care. If I had a car, I would have driven, but that's probably not the best shape to be in while driving a motor vehicle. So I suppose you'll trade sitting in traffic for the convenience of having a car on the rare occasion you need one. You're welcome to the choice. I welcome the addition of more bike infrastructure. I used to bike commute on rare occasions from near Levi stadium up to around where Oracle is in Redwood Shores. I don't remember a dedicated bike path along 101 at North Bayshore. I'd usually leave Moffet, cross under 101, go up Middlefield to Rengstorff, then ride past Google, turn left, past Intuit, then follow East Bayshore (the road) the entire way until I cut through EPA towards what is now Facebook HQ (used to be Sun). Has something changed? Also, the trails they show up by the bay are all super-optimstic. First of all, I think they're pretty much all gravel, they meander all over the place, and they don't GO ANYWHERE. I live off of Marsh now and my commute involves more East Bayshore, cutting through Pete's Harbor, saying hi to the homeless people under 101, riding over the pedestrian bridge by the VW dealer, etc. I'm actually fairly lucky in that I have little traffic on my commute, but it's not exactly low-stress with a few high-traffic crossings. The worst is crossing 101 at Marsh. There's a hidden crosswalk to cross 3 lanes of the highway 84 onramp onto 101. I hate that traffic engineers decided to use the shortest-distance method and hide EVERY crosswalk behind a blind corner.. especially those on FREEWAYS, for god's sake. And then, it's pitch black at night... I know you're speaking more of bike/pedestrian conflicts, but that's not an issue on my commute, so I can't speak to it. Every single law I break as a cyclist benefits drivers as well as myself. It's the lack of infrastructure that makes it safer for me to hop from bike lane to sidewalk rather than follow the bike lane which magically reappears on the OTHER SIDE OF A LANE OF TRAFFIC on a 40mph arterial. It's the lack of infrastructure that makes me prefer to go from road to crosswalk (or cut across an entire road when it looks safe) instead of forcing all of the motorists and their precious steeds to have to accordion up and slow for me as I try to make my way across the 3 lanes of traffic to the left turn lane when I need to turn. Additionally, every single law I break exposes me to 100% of the legal risk, and anything a driver might consider "unsafe" is putting 100% of the risk of bodily harm on myself, not on the observer in the car. I say all of this as a car and motorcycle enthusiast with an avowed need for speed. But the reality is that the car-centric view of the roads has to change. I recommend reading the article. These agencies have all the incentive in the world to "encourage" popular websites (bbc.co.uk perhaps) to make their cookies particularly detailed and leaky. Ah. Yeah, I consider those trails to be far too circuitous to be useful for commuting. I like having the mass attached to my body, as opposed to having an awkwardly-weighted bike. Reduced unsprung weight for more maneuverability :) Much easier to hop speedbumps and the like, which is pretty useful for urban cycling. I have a light 20L pack with an internal frame and mesh for my back so I still get decent ventilation. Yeah, the European cycle has been known to be a joke for quite some time. The US results are actually quite achievable. Their highway cycle max speed is very low (I think it assumes you don't exceed 55mph), but there's so much slowing and accelerating, even on the highway cycle, that you can easily obtain US highway numbers on an open road if you keep it to say 65 or even 70. They do, but the EPA also spot tests cars, and the system works pretty well. They recently fined Hyundai for not matching their quoted numbers. The EPA test cycle is not particularly representative of real-world driving, but it's far better than the European tests are, which easily allow you to game the system. Seems like the system works quite well here in the US, even if you might quibble with their idea of a city and highway drive cycle. Yeah, mileage computers in cars are known for being a bit optimistic. It's not hard to beat the EPA highway number for your car. Put it on the highway, cruise at 65mph, done. The EPA test cycle doesn't even exceed 55mph, but it has quite a bit of slowing and speeding up, so you can beat it with a consistent cruise a good bit over their 55mph number. This is true -- my understanding is that Germany actually requires they never read low EVEN IF FITTED WITH THE WRONG SIZE TIRES which is sort of insane. That said, I believe the odometers are typically bang on, which would mean the mileage calculation should be accurate. Or could be, if they wanted it to be. May be intended to be joke, but the weather is atrocious, and the traffic is worse than the Bay Area (but probably not worse than LA). People are nice though! Source: Lived there 22 years, moved to the Bay Area a dozen years ago, bought a house here, love it. Also, nobody complains about all the "outsiders" driving up housing costs here, whereas in the Northwest, blaming outsiders has been a mantra for decades. Indeed. The cost of living is a powerful multiplier as long as you don't overspend. The same car is that much cheaper in a high COL area, you can contribute more to your retirement, and so on. The problem with living in a low-COL area is, even if you save a very high % of your income, you're "stuck" and unable to move somewhere cheaper. There's a reason New Yorkers retire to Florida. You have options. That doesn't mean it works for everyone, but do your own numbers and make your own decisions. Prop 17 in CA magnifies the effect. When your property taxes can only go up by a small amount every year, there's literally no incentive for your property values to not go sky-high. > - When accelerating, try not to over-extend the throttle. If the engine is at 2k rpm, you get just as much acceleration from 30% throttle as 100%, at half the fuel cost. Well, that's obviously not true. There was the supposed Japanese "Gentleman's agreement" of 276 (286?)HP to keep the government off their backs. There's also the common saying "German horses are stronger" because acceleration and dyno tests (long before the turbo 335) have shown them to be faster than they "should" be, in particular to certain American muscle cars. I'm not sure how much reality there is behind this, though. Ah, perhaps this is why I haven't found "vampire power draw" to be an issue. There's the trope that you should unplug all of your adapters when not in use, but I had a power strip full of 2x Apple laptop chargers, and various USB chargers from various manufacturers, all plugged into a Kill-A-Watt... which registers, effectively, 0 watts consumed over multiple days when nothing is plugged into the adapters. A couple more Amazon problems: They obviously treat their vendors like red-headed stepchildren; they know they have to be on Amazon to make sales, but the margins have to be tiny. Ever notice how when you order something from an Amazon "partner", the tracking information is magically worse than worthless? And of course, if you have a problem they'll correct it immediately at their own cost, because Amazon threatens to turn off the sales faucet if they don't make the Amazon Experience pleasant for the consumer. Don't get me wrong, I still shop there. Particularly for electronics -- 3% cashback on my Amazon card is nothing to shake a stick at. But it's feeling worse and worse to do so. I cannot begin to explain how terrible their pricing model has been. My #1 gripe, which caused me to utterly refuse to pay for their subscriptions at any cost, was the fact that they double-charge you for web content. It goes like this, verified prices today: * Web + smartphone = $3.75 * Web + tablet = $5 * "All Digital Access" (web+smartphone+tablet) = $3.75 + $5 = $8.75 That's right. Not only do they not provide an incentive (a per-unit discount) for buying multiple products, they actually charge you more money for buying all of their stuff. Obviously, it makes little sense to the average consumer to have to pay >$0 in order to add a smartphone to their web+tablet subscription, but the insistence that you pay again for the FULL web + smartphone cost just to add a smaller screen is asinine. Second gripe has been they devalue their content so much by these stupid 99 cent teaser rates, which automatically tell me I don't want to do business with them. Third gripe is that they are so dependent on dead-tree revenue that it's often cheaper to buy a print subscription and get free "free" internet content. I don't want to provide a nonstop stream of paper to the recycling bin just to get cheaper digital access. In the past few months, they experimented with their pricing model, and I ended up as a subscriber because they got rid of their double-charging system, and provided a fair, low, consistent rate. Unfortunately, upon posting a screenshot on Facebook, I found out that nobody was able to replicate my success -- they seemed to be arbitrarily handing out different pricing models as a test when different people clicked on the same link. Many others were able to verify the non-double-charging pricing model, but nobody got as low a rate as I could manage. Turns out they're back to their same old tricks -- I validated the above pricing today with a fresh browser. I apologize for how vague I am about the exact "new" model I ended up with a couple of months ago, but I can't track down the screenshots of the different schemes I was offered. Also, my apologies about the poor formatting. HN's help is not particularly helpful as it is grammatically vague about how to get newlines without a new paragraph. That's exactly the problem. An undergrad degree is the new "minimum education". Also, even 18 year olds (minimum voting age in the US) are unlikely to be impacted by the college plan of any President they elect. It's the parents of younger kids who should be paying attention. You bring up good points, and obviously the article is on Specialized's side. But I absolutely would not trust a fake/knockoff carbon fiber frame or any knockoff helmet. My safety's just too important, and it's too difficult to detect impending failures in carbon fiber products, nor the lack of engineering in a safety product like a helmet. I ride bicycles and motorcycles and race cars. There's definitely a price/quality curve, but when safety is in question, I'd like to have a throat to choke. It's not about actually suing, it's about knowing someone reputable, with a legal presence in this country, stands behind the product. I probably wouldn't have similar qualms about buying an off-brand or knockoff metal frameset, or a watch or something. I wouldn't have commented, but it pains me to see this (and followups asking where to buy) as the top-ranked comment. They almost certainly do. My Trek carbon fiber bike (~$3000 fully built brand new in 2008) was the lowest-end full-carbon bike they had that was still made in the US. It has a registration # (on the bottom bracket I believe). In fact, every bike I'm aware of does, for registering with the police in case of theft. You misunderstand carbon fiber. Steel and aluminum are a bit different. But yes, there are many "off brand" names that are well-respected and trustworthy -- Motobecane, for example. Great read. I wish it was higher up, below the posts about how to buy said knockoff frames. Thanks. Depends on the market. In a competitive market, I want my agent to be as dedicated as possible, not one taking a smaller cut. We won a 13-offer bidding war on a financed deal with only a SLIGHTLY higher price than the 2nd place, all-cash offer. anything could have made the difference in the deal, and I'm more than happy to throw another 10k at the agent to have it locked down. You're right that traditional agents have incentives to get the highest price, but so does a Redfin agent. A better question: Can they back up a Cease and Desist on a blog post based on data you've already gathered, through automated access that may have broken the TOU? When the market goes down, you can still hold. Or you can sell before the bottom. I was playing in the market in 2008, I got out after the down lost about 2000. Paid off all my debt, got back in at lower prices! Worked great. I also have $1 in my savings account. But is it worth missing out on the potential gains of 6 months' income doing nothing , just so that if you hit an emergency (by definition a rare thing) you don't sell during a down period? I mean, keeping the money in savings virtually guarantees 'losses' in real terms. Was there ever a reason to travel around South Lake Union at the end of a work day before? Other than to exit 99 for the Mercer Street industrial wasteland pothole-dodge on the way to I-5, of course. Actually, the Passat has urea injection and is implicated as well -- though it didn't exceed emissions by as much as cars without aftertreatment. And the "couple of engineers" was in reference to the head of engineering and another guy. It wasn't implicating rogue low-level engineers. http://www.businessinsider.com/this-is-the-real-cause-of-the... You realize this is the exact opposite of what the rest of the world is saying, right? Is this the first article you've read on the matter? I've been following it with great interest, and many others have expressed shame that it's the US that is catching a European company cheating, and threatening prosecution. This all happened because of the work of the West Virginia lab, plus CARB and EPA's investigation, and the EPA's refusal to issue an emissions certification to 2016 diesel VW passenger cars which has led to likely tens of thousands of un-sellable cars sitting on US dealer lots. The German government has been shown to have looked the other way repeatedly and to be complicit in fighting on behalf of the automakers instead of the environment. The European emissions and mileage tests have been shown to be an utter and complete sham. The story you're peddling is really the exact opposite of reality. Take a look around at the other stories that have been posted on HN on the matter. "A couple of high-level engineers.." http://www.businessinsider.com/this-is-the-real-cause-of-the... He's not at the top of the corporation, just of the US operations. He might well not have known. Good call. It wasn't European governments, and it wasn't an attempt to punish automakers for malfeasance, though. The ICCT (an NGO) that appears to be based on Europe, commissioned the West Virginia study to try to figure out how more stringent US Diesel standards were being met, so they could encourage automakers to meet the same standards in Europe. http://www.detroitnews.com/story/business/autos/foreign/2015... "In 2013, his organization [the ICCT] commissioned a study of VW diesels by West Virginia University after questions were raised about European diesel emissions standards and whether European vehicles were emitting too much nitrogen oxides linked to smog. Testers looked at three diesel cars for the U.S. market: a 2012 VW Jetta, a 2013 VW Passat and a BMW X5. The group expected the cars they tested would perform better than those in Europe, because U.S. regulations are tougher. They were surprised the two Volkswagens had significantly higher-than-expected emissions, while the BMW performed well. They were so certain they had done something wrong that they tested the cars two more times with similar results." I think this is part of the problem. The EA189 without AdBlue needed the cheating software. The Passats with AdBlue also had the EA189 and likely could have been tuned to work without the cheating software, but likely have it anyway. It's a bit of a shame that EA288 cars are stacking up at dealers nationwide and will apparently never be certified for sale (VW said they would not ask for certification), even though they almost certainly don't need the cheat. (Although it's possible that it's still present, which is of course still illegal, need it or not). Because the World Bank is a large organization with many paid staff tasked with devising and implementing their methodology. You're two random people on the Internet. I'm siding with the World Bank, not with the internet commenter who demands another internet commenter defend experts. You're the one making the extraordinary claim here. Yep. Born and lived there all through the 80s and 90s before moving to the Bay Area. I still read the Seattle Times online, and the gripes about Californians coming in and ruining the place in the past few years are hilarious; it's been the same story for decades. Blame someone else. Boeing engineers. Microsofties. Whatever, it's always somebody else. Thanks for mentioning Almost Live. Every few years I search for DVDs, search torrents, etc. Truly one of the saddest days in Seattle when it went off the air. It's a huge game of economic whack-a-mole, where "solving" problems here just causes them to pop up in another place. It is very, very difficult to work around the basic laws of supply and demand, and arbitrarily picking winners and losers is hardly a fair way of allocating anything. Nice to see a comment from someone who's seen it up close. As a sysadmin, I find that every time I rail against systemd here, I get constantly challenged by developers who know far more about, well developing, than I do. Is it so hard to avoid change for change's sake? I'm not opposed to learning new things, but we're all really busy , and when the standard way of accomplishing things changes in every major release (which you're usually trying to deploy to stay on top of the latest developer demand, or audit requirements or whatever) just adds a massive learning curve. Now I've got to learn something new, rewrite a bunch of tools, all because.. why? No, they apply to ISOs as well. I was able to benefit from this. I didn't do it immediately, but within a year or so of my start date, and at that point my paper gain was small enough (~15k) to not quite cross the AMT threshold. Absolutely. And if this is a sign of a few unicorns starting to drop, you're better off being one of the first ones to go than the last. This is probably a very wise move. 4000 employees is just insane for what they do. Grow wisely. I keep trying to use it, and I simply can't. I use Facebook all the time and have since 2005. The twitter feed reminds me of when GMail did away with colors and made it hard to tell at a glance when one message ended and a new one began. It's difficult to parse tweets vs retweets vs replies at a glance. The UI is somehow both cluttered and a huge waste of space, at the same time. My feed was boring, so I added people I wanted to follow; race drivers and commentators, tech commentators, etc. Now it's just a firehose of junk. Yes, if I tried harder, I could make it work. But that's not my problem -- I don't make money from my Twitter use. That's Twitter's problem to solve if it wants to attract more growth. Context: Washington, DC area Metro. Van Ness-UDC is a subway stop for the University of the District of Columbia (UDC). The mortgage interest deduction is a ridiculous, market-distorting handout to higher income people. And I say this as someone who bought an absurdly expensive bay area house last year. Tons of people in cheaper areas pay so little in interest and property taxes that they don't even itemize their deductions . I don't know how it ever seemed like a good idea. If everyone can afford x% more housing cost, what happens? Housing costs get bid up by x%. It depends on what is meant by "the full whack of tax". If your tax bracket is 30%, nobody expects you to pay 30% of your income in taxes. No, that's the top marginal rate, and you have deductions, and so on. This could charitably be put in the same realm -- they're getting all of their loopholes that they're dubiously entitled to. It's sort of like if a speeding ticket costs $200. But you know you can get away with speeding most of the time. If suddenly we had a perfectly-enforced system where you paid $200 every time you exceeded the speed limit, it wouldn't seem 'fair' even though it is, strictly speaking, 'fair'. However, to cost the average person the same amount, the amount per offense should really go down if enforcement is perfect. In the same way, the US corporate tax rate is insanely high, but the actual amount major corporations pay is insanely low. Oh man, I was hugely surprised, riding my bicycle in the bike lane along a busy street, when I glanced left and suddenly a guy on an electric skateboard was silently gliding by, basically face-to-face with me a couple inches away (since our head heights were roughly the same, bike vs skateboard). "Anymore" is just a word used to mean "now" anymore. (I kid, but seriously, I've searched for analysis on the use of the word 'anymore' in the positive (eg, as something other than part of a 'not...anymore' clause) and haven't been able to find anything. Any links would be appreciated, I am legitimately curious as to when and how this became a thing). Your usage of the phrase "crass anti-intellectualism" is far more absolute, dismissive, and disparaging than anything the parent said. You might think the parent is condescending, but I've noticed the same thing. VERY few movies are anywhere lower than 6 stars or higher than 7 stars on IMDB. It's almost worthless. Not because my taste is so superior to the reviewers, but because the scale is so coarse. That's an astute observation. It always strikes me as jarring when the speaker leaves off the "not" in the clause.... but on the rare occasions it happens, it's always about a chance in society/convention which is clearly not considered a positive. Sentence #5: "Outside of the queen and the other famous people on currency, how did DeSeno’s face become perhaps the most reproduced one in human history?" Yeah, I was going to say "this makes me feel old", but I've never been a gamer so even in my younger days I would have been unfamiliar with this level of "popularity". I think the Internet encompasses so much of life now that being neck-deep in tech is no longer enough to guarantee you'll feel plugged in to all of the latest trends/memes. This is something we face in our environment. The OSes are pretty homogenous, but the application set is very diverse; 16 of these, 2 of these, 8 of those, and so on. It's made previous orchestration tools a bit more unwieldy, but of course manual control is unwieldy as well! In addition, of course, the task of learning, implementing, and evaluating the options take a large amount of time on top of the time we already spend (mostly) manually maintaining infrastructure. Articles like this are a great stepping stone. It blows my mind that a company this small would have any desire to have an international presence. I get that the "growth first, profits later" mentality can have some benefit, but why on earth deal with the hassle of language, culture, currency, and legal barriers? These things are bad enough from state to state and city to city. The international push seems more about hubris and ego than out of any practical concerns -- at least until urban areas in the home market of the company are saturated. Also, buying cleaning supplies for 1099 workers who do other jobs on the side? Why this was ever considered a core competency is beyond me. I'm guessing it doesn't reflect as much heat. Huh. No such problems on my 6. In any event, if it's an easy break, it's an easy fix for them. Seems like the very existence of roaming fees indicates that the European carriers were behaving very much like US carriers. Why would US carriers double down on roaming fees? I don't see how it's in any way related to this. I have to say, when I visited the UK from the US last fall, for the first time with a smartphone, I was amazed at how atrocious the mobile coverage was. I did my research beforehand and went with Vodafone as I expected the best coverage. From the time I activated my phone in Bath, through 3 days driving through Wales, and then up the motorway towards Edinburgh, I got GPRS and EDGE if I was lucky . I think I only occasionally saw 3G and never saw 4G or LTE. I was very convinced that my unlocked iPhone 5s was somehow not able to use Vodafone's faster bands in the UK. It was simply unusable for navigation or even the most basic tasks, and I was very happy with my choice to bring a standalone satnav device as well as the phone. Then I arrived in Edinburgh, and, bam, 4G -- which persisted back to Newbury and London. In the US, particularly last decade, we felt that we had been left so far behind in mobile technology compared to Europe, but my coverage woes this last trip made me feel somewhat better-- as did the realization that roaming charges were still a thing in the EU (having assumed they must have gone away ages ago). The best coverage I experienced was in Iceland, where even the most remote-seeming canyon had top-notch data service, and our apartment for the week had 50Mbps FTTH service. On a slightly more recent trip to New Zealand, I went with Vodafone again, and had much better luck with coverage-- I only lost coverage on the west coast of the south island which did not surprise me given the remoteness. Ha, I'm glad I'm not the only one. Just posted a reply to another comment here about my visit to the UK last fall. And keeping it clean! That's what I love about wunderground. I actually have an Ambient Weather ws-1001-wifi weather station at my house, and I'm part of wunderground's weather station network. Whenever I pop open the weather app on my iPhone, it shows the weather in my backyard which I love. Yeah; as I mentioned, my impression was from the previous decade. Quite a bit has changed since then. Well, typically 5 minutes won't hurt your airport trip. I've only paid surge pricing a couple of times in dozens of Uber trips, and both times it was post-bar hours in Redondo Beach, and the 2x surge price was still far cheaper than here in SF. The "best GUI ever" can't possibly have such a horrid overlapping mishmash of methods for accessing various control panels and system settings. I know I, for one, stopped using screen as soon as I started using X Windows. I'm okay with overlapping windows, that's what my window manager handles really well. I've started using screen again for long-running processes so i can detach and reattach later. At the time? 2002? No. Actually, 2002 is when I switched from Linux desktops to OS X. Never really used Windows that much because of how poor the experience was interacting with Unix machines. Still is, really. I'm quite surprised to see it. I'm not so sure. My generally-highly-regarded college in California (bay area, no less!) is almost bang-on average ($-33) despite being in a very high cost of living area. To reply to myself, the comments include this mention from "DR" of The Economist: ----- Geography (both city and state) are variables included in our model. Colleges in the Bay Area are not rewarded for the high salaries available there--they have to surpass a higher "bar" of expected earnings. That is why our eighth-ranked college is in West Virginia, and the ninth in Laredo, Texas. ------ Now, I don't know how they compensate for this. Cost of living at the place where the student ends up? Or where they study? If you study in a high cost of living area but move to Podunk, Iowa, your return will be far lower than expected, if they're only controlling for CoL at the college's geographical location. If they control for CoL at the student's new home, then okay. I agree with the first part of your comment. He seemed to agree with the "You don't belong here" comment, which I disagree with. Do the crime, do the time. "What a waste" was a bit more accurate -- a waste to have him in jail, and a waste to have so many people in jail overall. That said, your 2nd point is incorrect. He specifically mentioned working to reform MO prison statutes -- albeit, without consulting corrections officers. Their sales must be TERRIBLE. Day 1? You mean Friday 10/30? I think that was the official "launch" date. I ordered my ATV4 in the middle of last week (and was surprised to see they weren't out yet), and it arrives tomorrow. I'm gonna call Plex close enough to "day 1". Polygamous marriages are typically frowned upon; at least in the US. The vehicle was called the Montero in the US back when they sold it here. We also have a bigger tax base. But yes, we have to be careful not to foster dependency. One of my favorites of all time. Everybody should watch this at least once. "I am 'on' Twitter (odd phrase). I’m not on Facebook; I don’t like the caged environment, with marketers and algorithms absorbing my information and distracting people with shiny objects." I've got bad news for the author.... Thanks for reposting this, I didn't see it the first time around. Many of the pro-startup stuff I see, in particular this Altman piece, make me subtly uncomfortable, and I couldn't quite put my finger on why. Maybe it's because, while I live in the Valley, I'm a Seattle native. Maybe it's because Sam's younger than I am. Maybe it's because I like the suburbs better than San Francisco proper. Maybe it's because I'm not an Ideas guy; this isn't targeted at me because I have no interest in starting a company and dedicating every second of my waking life to it. That's why I was hesitant to comment at all. "Of course you're uncomfortable with it," the reply to my comment would read, "you non-disruptive loser" it would end. For those who want a unicorn valuation, I'm sure Sam's piece is great. Or maybe it's not, I don't know. But what I do know is he kept mentioning how competition never kills startups. It's failure to execute. Why balance burnout and cashflow and hiring and funding in some kind of race to become a unicorn if competitors won't actually kill you ? Why not grow at a reasonable pace, running a reasonable business, that makes reasonable money? Unfortunately, your partisan blinders made you read an innocent comment about how to provide a safety net without fostering dependency as an anti-government screed that you had to blast a bunch of liberal talking points to counter. What you could have done was instead read it for what it is. This just sounds like a religious argument more than anything. I would have taken it more seriously if you said "I do not find Facebook to be useful for my needs". Instead, you're actively angry about Facebook, which is really quite similar to Twitter in many ways. I find value from Facebook and 0 from Twitter. I've tried many times over 5 years to find use out of Twitter, and I just can't. That doesn't mean I want it to die in the hottest fires of hell. I just means I don't care. There are still people who haven't moved on from electric car fallacy #1? That's risky because they may be able to look up your car by VIN. You'd probably need to randomize it by parking in different locations every day, hoping that you get different meter maids who wouldn't recognize your car. Your car would also have to be so generic in appearance (not just model/color but also condition) that it didn't stand out. "Fluorescent label material gets your attention 75% faster than standard stickers." I wonder if they were double-blind tests. GMail, we need to talk. We need to talk about how substring searches do not work, 11 years after your launch. We need to talk about how you've slowly engineered out everything that was good and unique about GMail. We need to talk about how you "flattened" the style, removed colors from threaded messages, and just decided to use shades of grey everywhere. We need to talk about how difficult it is to tell one message from a forwarded message from a divider line from attachments from the next message in a thread. We need to talk about how you've decided to replace the window manager by insisting that my messages be a window inside of a browser window, but ones that adhere to no UI standards. We need to talk about how you've hidden the date of a message, and hidden the To: address, and the Subject, so that what used to be a simple tab action now requires multiple mouse-clicks. And apparently something about HTML emails too. It boggles my mind that any organization still pays for "professional services" provided by these massive consulting firms. Every single project I've seen like this involves countless layers of middleware implemented by consultants barely intelligent enough to follow a generic runbook, countless calls "home" to deal with your "unusual environment", delays, and a creaking disaster of a finished product. I honestly believe there's a revolving door of Product Managers at Google that come in, decide to leave their "mark" on a product by making a bunch of arbitrary changes, then move on to destroy other products. Hard to complain when they're free, but... I do my best. I live in the Bay Area and this is the second time I've heard of it. Nobody I know uses it. Square, occasionally. I can't claim to go to the movie theater often, but frankly, the incessant reminders to use CineMode(TM!) and silence your cell phone and dim your screen and so on are FAR more annoying than any actual interruption from a phone has ever been. In fact, I can't remember EVER hearing a phone chime in a theater when I was present. I'm 100% sure it has happened a number of times, but it's still so infrequently as to not even cross my radar as an annoyance. Let alone one that I'd support jamming to 'solve'. How is that misleading? A commute typically has one source and one destination. Some folks in Redwood City are going to Belmont. Some folks in Belmont are going to Palo Alto. It seems to me his model scales just fine. Unless you're proposing that the driver drop her passenger at a different location than she is traveling to. But this increases the commute time by a fair bit, which makes ride sharing less attractive. In particular, you start losing any time you gained by being able to use a high-occupancy vehicle lane. If everyone spontaneously agreed to ride-share, the traffic on the roadways would go down, commute times would go down, vehicle miles would go down, all kinds of great things would happen. But this proposal suffers from a game theory issue. In fact, from where I live in Redwood City, it's more like 4 miles by bicycle. It's not really a typical commute, but I think the point is more than fair -- if the author picked 2 far-flung locations, the probability of a match is typically going to be even lower. That said, yes, there are common commute routes -- for example, more distance suburbs, which will have a number of commuters going to the same urban core(s). But statistically speaking, the longer the journey, the less likely the commute match, given a general tendency to live closer to work rather than, say, 5 states away. Even in the US! Huh. I was very surprised to learn that there are 809 road vehicles per 1000 people in the US. I expected it to be in excess of 1000. Of course, this includes all kinds of commercial vehicles but also includes those who are not of driving age. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_vehicles_... Commuter trains have dedicated tracks so they don't suffer from the same congestion issues as carpools and buses (if we ignore the benefit of commuter lanes on the roadways). Commuter trains take advantage of their dedicated tracks to make many stops without impacting travel speed too hugely. (Imagine if your vanpool exited the freeway and slogged through surface streets for 10-20mins for each passenger it deposited). Commuter trains travel routes that go to where people work, and people choose to live near the train routes as a lifestyle choice. You're not going to know where your carpool buddy might live before you choose a house. Right, but would you not be annoyed if land near you was swallowed up in the name of an expanded national park, and then your ability to use and enjoy the land was severely limited? The person in question might enjoy the National Park AND the BLM land and think both have their place.. but not want one swallowed by the other. I typically find I can get ~6 hours on most modern laptops, which means far more hours than I have the patience to stare at a computer screen for. They haven't even bothered to try. 3" more legroom for $40? No. Human-sized seat? I'd pay double the price. But I'm not going to pay 5x as much. It's not a huge deal. But when I'm packing at the last minute, the last thing I have time to do is sort through my music library to load more stuff onto my phone. Frankly, I kind of stopped maintaining my MP3 collection the better part of a decade ago. I have lots of stored music, sure, but it's non-trivial to maintain a music library on top of everything else in life. I use Spotify because it's convenient. But yes, they have offline mode if I remember to pre-download everything. I specifically mentioned that I was looking for a human-sized seat, not more legroom. I'm not unusually tall, I'm an average-sized male adult, and I'd like to have somewhere to put my arm. I don't really enjoy having my elbows pinned to my sides for 4 or 6 or 14 hours. I'd be all over that. I recently flew a short Virgin America flight where I only had to pay $190 instead of $140 to get a first class seat. Frankly, I'd pay double for every flight I'm on to get even half that much comfort. The seats were massive, the legroom insane (could not touch the seat in front of me with my feet if I tried), full recliner, etc. You'd think there would be a logical in-between, but in a world where 20% more space in business class costs you 5x as much, there's no room for the average customer to have a pleasant flight. Different companies offer different products. Some lenders were doing 90% LTV up to 800k, some were doing it up to $1m. Some lenders might give 30 year fixed rate loans on certain high LTV loans, others might only do ARMs. Every business makes a calculation about what kind of business it wants to do. I did not use a mortgage broker when buying a house. My reasoning was that they compete on price enough that the interest rates aren't worth shopping around for. The PRODUCTS may be. If I was doing a bridge loan to buy a 2nd house, I might shop around. If I'm doing a straight-up financed purchase on 2 stable well-documented incomes, I'm probably going to get about the same product and rate no matter what bank I use. Yes? They've been buying property for some time now. Not just in the US, but in Canada (Vancouver in particular). Same with Russians buying property in the UK. I'm not sure what you found controversial or surprising in the parent comment, though I haven't read the article because holy dense TLDR. I wonder if "Walt Street Journal" was intentional, or a happy accident. I think there's a lot left unsaid here. It's a short Facebook post, and the author doesn't seem to be particularly well-versed when it comes to cars. Something about capturing carbon credits to make money. THANK YOU. WSJ is the one site I see regularly linked that has such an intrusive paywall, and I've previously avoided them entirely for this reason. No "10 free articles", no interstitials. Just blocked. I can't claim to spend a ton of time in a huge variety of countries, but in the past year I've been to Iceland, England, Wales, Scotland, Italy, France, and New Zealand, and I can't remember anywhere I had to use the EMV chip in my credit cards except places like parking garages that didn't have the physical facility for a mag stripe swipe. Every retailer terminal could read a magstripe. More annoyingly, whether I swiped or dipped, a signature was required. Except, again, where there was no way to sign (parking garages). Then, magically, my PIN was "good enough". I went out of my way to get EMV cards last year due to upcoming trips, because I had only been overseas sporadically over the past decade and assumed that the magstripe was gone. It was not. If anything, merchants seemed more able to deal with them than 10 years ago, where I occasionally had a clerk who couldn't figure out whether to swipe extremely slowly, or quickly enough to set fire to the equipment. Wow, guess I'm the only one who never noticed performance issues on my Macs. I remember when Google Drive first came out years ago, the client caused the system to slow to a halt, so I stopped using it. I'm sure it got fixed, but it only takes one bad experience to kill it for a user. Interesting thread. It must. I'm running 3.10.11 which the release notes say is the latest. I remember they changed their UI in the OS X menubar icon to be really crappy a couple years ago which I griped about. That's the only way I knew it was updating itself. I was with you up until "It's entirely possible that we'd all be using Solaris on SPARC workstations by now if .NET hadn't existed." I admit I don't follow the Windows world very closely, and I'm no developer, but Wikipedia says .NET got started in 2002, by which time Solaris was already on its way out. I'm not sure what you see in .NET that you think killed Solaris/SPARC, or where you see the overlap (where a lack of .NET could have presented an opportunity for Solaris), but from my point of view Solaris was an also-ran by 2002, even though I continued to administer it until after the Oracle acquisition. You're right about a lot of things, but 100% wrong in implying that people who have been working in the domain for decades actually know how taxis better than Uber does. The problem is not knowledge, it's service. Taxis are a perfect example of regulation and stagnation. The shitty service taxis provide have nothing to do with it being hard to provide a good taxi service. They could have provided a better service, they just have no incentive to, because they were protected. The purpose is to maintain the same amount of retirement as life expectancy goes up. Perhaps it would be more fair to split the difference. But the point is that the 'old' retirement age shouldn't be static as life expectancy rises, because of the costs of state-sponsored benefits. I don't read the blogpost the same way. I read it as confident condescension. NFL All Access is $100/year. It doesn't show live games streaming, but you get the full replay after the game AND the option of watching the 'condensed' version which cuts out all of the crap. I haven't paid for it yet, but I've seen the condensed games elsewhere. Not being live will hurt that option somewhat, but since most sports I watch are time-shifted anyway (F1 races in the middle of the night, Football games whenever I can find time to watch, etc), it's not that big a deal. Actually, right now, there's a free week trial and an $85 for the remainder of the year option. For the free week, you have to cancel or they bill you automagically. But I'm thinking of giving it a try (I don't have cable, and I'm a fan of an out-of-market Football team). What's funny is, I felt the exact same way -- I cut the cord SPECIFICALLY to choke off ESPN. I want unbundled content so I can pay for the channels I value. But, ironically, I realized the main reason I watch video content is for sports. It's just sports that the ESPN world doesn't value. I watch every Formula 1 qualifying and race session, but ESPN doesn't care, and anyway, F1 coverage in the US virtually died with the death of Speedvision/Speed Channel.. it's only now coming back, but it sure ain't on ESPN. About the only other thing I care about these days is the occasional NHL game and live football game, but I follow an out-of-market team and ESPN doesn't help me much there anyway. 99.9% of their content is drivel -- I simply don't care about the analysis or talk shows or sports center. So, I guess I do value sports, but I sure as hell don't value ESPN, and I'm happy to cut off their funding. Bring on unbundled content so we can vote with our dollars. Meanwhile, my service cost jumped, so I re-upped for another Xfinity 12 month scam where instead of charging me $75/mo for 75mbit internet only, they charge me $55/mo for Internet in exchange for allowing myself to be listed as a "cable subscriber" in a sad effort to keep their TV subscriber numbers up. That's right, their margins on internet are s huge they'd rather pay me $20 a month, plus pay the content providers (including HBO!) for another customer, than lose a "tv subscriber". Nevermind that the cable box sits in my attic for another year. The less movement you have, the more you need fiber. Correct. I HAVE a PIN for purchasing, but the card is set to prefer signature so I end up having to sign unless I'm purchasing somewhere without signature capability (eg, an automated kiosk). And yeah, US resident, US card. It's the signature that's the slow part. The swipe takes, what, 1/4 second vs perhaps 2 seconds for the dip? Paul Thurrott is known as a serious Microsoft fanboy/apologist (he used to run or still runs the Thurrott SuperSite for Windows), so his 'knock down' carries a bit of weight. Yup. Comment below yours says EMV is fast, but it's just not. You need to stand there and wait with your card in the read for for the processing step. Maybe not 5 seconds, but a non-trivial amount of time. With a swipe, you'd have your card back in your wallet as the authentication was completing. If we had chip+pin it would be a different story, but because we have to sign, the EMV+sign process is slower than swipe+sign. I don't know enough German to follow, but Google Translate helps me out a bit. Here's my question: We know VW had a cheat device to specifically detect the test and switch to a different map. These other tests that show the cars pollute more in the "real world", is there any evidence that they actually detect the test and cheat like VW did? Or are they merely optimized for the speeds used in the test? These are two entirely different things. There's a huge difference between gaming the test and outright cheating. In one case, if you drive very very gently in the real world, you will get the test results. In the other case (VW) you could never hit those pollution numbers no matter how gently you drive (or how perfectly you replicate the testing drive cycle). It's a kind of abstracted version of the tragedy of the commons, which is known specifically as an exception that the free market does not handle well (that is, assuming the pollution is being done to a shared resource rather than a private one.. If it was 'polluting' my septic tank and causing some kind of damage, I'd have a market-style incentive to fix it). True, but it depends. I bought a bunch (16?) of top-end Soraa MR16 bulbs at about $30 apiece to replace the halogens in my new house. This is not something everyone can easily afford. Of course, it turns out that even though they have great dimmer compatibility, they're not 100% compatible with my magnetic dimmers. I have to trim them to 80% of peak; if I try to run them over 80%, the transformer resets and the bulb turns off. Sometimes they strobe for a few seconds when they're running at max brightness, I haven't solved that issue yet. So unless I want to replace every transformer at ~$60 a pop or more (plus labor costs if not doing it yourself), plus likely a bunch of switches.. It's either $100 per bulb to go LED, or suffer with not-quite-perfect replacements. Well, it becomes a bidding war, which means only one of the bidders has to be an idiot for a bad deal to happen. Just focus on the first half of the statement. Governments spend other peoples' money. There's less of a direct connection between value for money received. The interest group that benefits may have a much larger interest in the deal going through than the masses who actually pay the taxes -- like any other kind of lobbying. Plus the usual; politicians might be reaping short-term benefits but making long-term payments that happen long after they leave office. I think often the answer is "you won't know until you try it". Forward-phase, reverse-phase, symmetrical... Low voltage in particular makes things more complicated. http://www.ledsmagazine.com/articles/print/volume-9/issue-6/... http://www.lutron.com/en-US/Education-Training/Pages/LCE/Dim... Perhaps his tone has changed in the past decade or so. I love my built-in GPS in the car. For one, it displays directions in between the gauges, for another, it does a better job of unobtrusively providing audible directions without interfering with music. My car has CarPlay/Android Auto/Mirrorlink. First of all, it's in addition to the built-in systems which have AM, FM, SD card reader, HD radio, Sirius XM, navigation, Sirius NavTraffic, local gas prices, sports scores. Secondly, why would nobody buy older tech? Third, if the car was worthless because of outdated tech, why would a dealership buy it? Fourth, even in this day and age, people still upgrade/replace the factory electronics. Thanks, Chrome I bought a Samsung fridge last year. The documentation referenced internet features that my fridge did not have. As I posted on Facebook at the time: "I'm not sure if I'm more appalled that there are fridges with WiFi, or upset that mine doesn't have it." Well it depends 100% on how you "account for their time", now, doesn't it? If you value their time at $0/hour, they're all coming out ahead over a long enough time horizon barring some freakishly bad luck with car repairs. At $1000/hour, none of them are coming out ahead. I haven't seen the analysis that shows that the average taxi driver makes more money than the average Uber driver. Get them some lawn darts instead Yeah, I remember the sinking. That was crazy. The Bulge was well-known to eat cars: http://blog.seattlepi.com/bellevue-pi/2011/05/18/looking-bac... This was discussed last time we talked about payments, but Venmo is not ubiquitous. I live in the valley, am on the border between Gen X and Millennial, and I've never used Venmo in my life. Furthermore, until about 2 weeks ago, I had never MET anyone who had used Venmo (or at least talking about using it). The friend in question is 21. I just bought a 2016 Volkswagen that has laser cruise control and lane assist. I ordered the fully loaded package because the incremental cost was not large, and I figured I might as well have all the toys if I was going to the expense of buying a brand-new car. I consider myself an enthusiast; I have a fair bit of time on the racetrack in lapping days and amateur races, sometimes I volunteer at car control clinics and teen instruction days. All of my cars have manual transmissions and I ride a motorcycle. I definitely did not expect to become dependent on any driving nannies. What I've found is that it's absolutely astounding how fast you come to trust the automated systems. In my car, the laser cruise control will drive the car for you at virtually any speed. It does a great job of keeping up in traffic, has no issues with hills or going around bends, it's always able to track the car in front of me perfectly. It uses the brakes to slow the car. I've got the manual transmission so it only slows the car down to about 15mph and then prompts me to take over and press the brake; if I had the automatic, it would come to a full stop in traffic and only require a tap of the accelerator to resume once traffic ahead started moving. Even though I only have 700 miles on the car and have only used the laser cruise for perhaps 20 or 30 miles in total (mostly just playing with it), I find I still expect the system to brake the car once disengaged. For example, I'll be coming up to a red light, lift off the throttle, start braking, and then think to myself "huh, I wonder why the car didn't start slowing down for me." The lane assist feature will correct the steering once or twice if you start to come too close to the lane marker (within maybe 2 feet) but it's very subtle and you barely feel it while your hands are on the wheel. After a correction or two (and maybe 10 seconds, I'm not sure exactly how it decides), the system tells you "hey, idiot, you're supposed to be steering". I have, on multiple occasions, been surprised that it "allowed" me to get as close as I was to adjacent cars, before realizing that it only is meant to keep me within my lane, it knows nothing about the vehicles around me. But something about the fact that it has lane assist (and, incidentally, ultrasonic parking sensors) fools me into thinking it knows more than it does. I'm not saying I was letting the car drive for me, I was fully in control, I was simply surprised that it didn't override my judgement of how close is too close. It's a brave new world out there. It's surprising how quickly you cede mental control, if not physical control, even to systems that have clearly defined limits and features that you don't even intend on using, let alone relying on. I imagine things will get worse before they'll get better. That said, humans are bad enough drivers that it might not get MUCH worse! I'm not sure if I've used it in the rain yet, but my understanding is that, yes, the sensor needs to be kept clean. It follows the SPEED of the car in front of me; I still steer. I assume it uses steering wheel sensors to detect that it should be following the car slightly to the left of me when, say, I'm going around a left-hand curve. The lane keeping system uses a camera to detect lane markings. I'm not sure how it decides whether or not to follow exits, but I know from the Tesla autopilot descriptions that it's not perfect. I've had a Square dongle since they came out and were free, but only used it a few times. I've used Square Cash perhaps a dozen times between friends. Most people seem to have it, but its use is still fairly uncommon. Part of it is that, at my age (mid-30s), typically there's no reason to send your friends money. It's handled for payments for, say, travel expenses.. but typically if it's just a meal, we either split the check the 'old' way or someone just picks up the tab. I was actually wondering if assistive techs like this might make people more likely to signal, as there's a slightly negative feedback to departing one's lane without doing so first. This is my first car with the ultrasonic parking sensors; they're nice to have for sure. I won't know the corners of the car as well, but, frankly, today's cars are getting harder than ever to see out of anyway, so likely I never would have been as comfortable in a new car. Also, part of "knowing the corners" of your car implies at least some gentle contact at some point in time, which it's best to avoid entirely. One of my favorite features so far is rear assist, which is able to detect oncoming cars as I'm backing out of a parking spot. The bigger the car the more useful this is. It doesn't tell you when you're 6" from a vehicle, it tells you when there's a vehicle traveling at speed further away that you're about to back towards. Maybe it's because fitness is a good 'safer' arena to enter and test sensors and algorithms before jumping straight into medical devices.. especially considering how the FDA feels about such devices. Netflix and heat? When I heard about the hoax, I felt stupid for falling for this thing about a Wu-Tang album with only one copy that the owner hadn't even listened to. THEN I found out that only the Bill Murray clause was a hoax, and the actual album thing is true. Christ. Loved the movie. Doesn't mean I want to be like him. One of my favorite movies, The Talented Mr Ripley, leaves you feeling unsatisfied about the conclusion-- not a typical Hollywood ending. Boiler Room is also a favorite, which of course is related to Wolf of Wall Street. I always laugh when I see that "unclear laundry icons" image, because I recently had the experience of trying to use a combined washer/dryer machine in a foreign country. The icons truly are asinine, you can't even get close to guessing what you want. For fun, I looked it up. Some of the icons are obvious, a few make sense once you know the basics , and still others seem almost sillier once explained. http://www.textileaffairs.com/lguide.htm I think they have the same root cause -- you're not having a face-to-face interaction with someone where you can read subtle cues. You react to your perception of the person's intent, not their actual intent. I think it helps that it's not a direct threat to an actual person. The reader gets the feeling that the writer not only will not figure out who made the decision (and, therefore, who to kill), but also won't even bother trying to figure it out. The crappier the job, the more likely that it drug tests. And, of course, safety-reliant jobs like truck drivers, warehouse staff, etc. Granted it was 15 years ago, but when I got my first credit card out of high school, the limit was $300. Saying it's a failure assumes/implies that we know which model is perfect, and that everyone can just agree to adopt it. Which clearly isn't the case, or we wouldn't have such vastly different systems in different states. Right. It's like a weed. It's a sign of disrepair. I'm not saying it's not beautiful in its own way, but it's hardly a uniquely American attitude to consider a sign of neglect undesirable. For liability reasons, they release you to the family member or friend who then escorts you. You are still legally allowed to 'check yourself out' which would be considered 'against medical advice', and god knows what you'd have to sign, but the point is that's not typically the way it works. You are under their care until a responsible party comes in to retrieve you. Thanks for all the fish. Seriously, I took the fish out of the sidecar and stuck them in my topcase when you weren't looking. |The last great band was Radiohead Citation needed. This was actually a big problem at Costco, which allowed turns on electronics after any amount of time. People would buy a TV and use it for a year or two and exchange it for a bigger, better one. Their old policy even allowed 6 months on computers, which, as you can imagine, plenty of people took advantage of. They cracked down a few years back but are still very generous. http://www.nbcnews.com/id/17350641/#.VogfljYhKW0 Wow, this guy's really doubling down on the negative comments, no matter how often he gets rebutted. For a pedantic asshole, DJB is on an awfully high horse here, bitching about interoperability and complexity, while his own tinydns/dnscache require a separate fucking utility to convert time/date stamps and IP addresses from hex into something actual people actually understand. And your code, and your load balancers, and.... There's a big difference between "it technically works" and "it does what you want it to do and works at scale" Isn't there a consequence to letting each "subnet" (and I'm not sure at what level this is defined... ISP?) have its own 64-bit prefix that every client uses, and then sharing 64-bit space underneath it? Can someone help me understand the consequences of this, and how it ends up limiting the usable address space to some fraction of what 128bit would imply? This is, basically, 100% of sysadmin/operations jobs. It's just SOP. I recommend a structure where you get paid for on-call -- even if it's just a token amount, it makes you feel less bad about having someone cover a week for you, and sometimes people are actually happy to do so.. rather than feeling like they're doing you a "favor". While I've had plenty of sleepless nights over the past decade, everywhere I've worked has respected me and my time. Maybe I've just had good bosses, but "show up to work whenever you want" is doubly true when you're on-call and may have been fighting issues at night. Similarly, my bosses have always had my personal cell phone number. It's paid for by work, and it's not a scam. I can count the number of times I've been called on vacation on one freaking hand. I volunteer to provide my international phone number when I'm overseas and pick up a local SIM, and in exchange, my boss NEVER CALLS ME. I'm always wary of folks who are so guarded and defensive ("never hand out your home phone number", etc) I treat my superiors and coworkers with respect, and they do the same for me. If I ever found myself taken advantage of, I'd put a stop to it, or I'd quit. It has never come to that, because I work for reasonable people. It's either a vote of confidence in Lyft or a desperate attempt to stay relevant. No, there just won't be private ownership. It makes no sense to own and maintain your own FLEET of self-driving cars for your own family (since it's virtually guaranteed that multiple family members will need a car at the same time, at some point in time). Antilock brakes are a sideshow because nobody cares. Yes, it makes cars safer, but few people bought specific cars because ABS was available. It was just another side feature. It was not something that people actively sought out like they'd seek out self-driving cars. I don't get how the driver network has any value. I see all the value in the passenger network. Of course Uber wants self-driving cars to happen. GM needs more sales? Suddenly they mandate every Lyft driver have a 2-year-old or newer GM vehicle... I've never heard of anyone tipping an Uber driver. I'm not sure why they'd know if I have cash or not. Your Pontiac Torrent is here! I grew up listening to alternative music, and Radiohead's simply 'okay'. I don't know why you have to call this person a metal fan or a "little green", whatever the hell that is, just because he doesn't agree with your Radiohead fanboyism. I'm sure Radiohead would happily exist on any "top 100 bands of the past few decades" list, but to throw them straight on the #1 spot is simply not going to be universally accepted. Edit: Oh, now I see, you're complaining about the useless Bieber and Gagas of the world, so you're probably a small handful of years younger than I am. There were plenty of fantastic bands that predate the Bieber/Gaga era. I think your frame of reference is a bit narrow. I believe 18-20% was the norm for the past decade or two. Nationwide, I think the growth has supposedly slowed very slightly . That doesn't make it any easier if you're one of the people who are getting screwed, though. Considering what USPS, FedEx, and UPS charge us plebes without a corporate account, I'm surprised you could even ship 5 packages for under $90 ($6*15), let alone all 15 items. Not to mention the cost of standing in line. I spent 30min at the post office mailing a SINGLE package back in mid-December.. and I thought I was ahead of the christmas game! IIRC I needed some special service. Once I was already there, and 'only' 10th in line, my time was pretty much sunk anyway. "reduced greenhouse gas emissions go hand-in-hand with shorter working hours" ... until you start bringing in all of those additional workers you're promising jobs to... u r so rite! 140 char limit limits my thoughts 2 that which is critical. without it id waste tons of space expressing my brilliant thoughts (140chars) (speaking of crap formatting, I still can't get used to HN comment formatting.. apparently no way to make a line feed or a list, at least, none that's documented) But seriously, it's ironic that Twitter limits tweets to 140char but the site and mobile app are some of the worst wastes of screen real estate I've ever seen. I keep trying to find it of some value but I just can't do it. Either nothing shows up in my feed, or I follow "must follow" people and get to hear them go on about random crap I don't care about. My real actual Twitter mobile app feed currently looks like this: * retweet * promoted tweet * while you were away (1) * while you were away (2) * while you were away (3) * while you were away (4) * while you were away (5) * actual tweet in proper chronological order (1) * actual tweet in proper chronological order (2) * people you may want to follow (1) * people you may want to follow (2) * people you may want to follow (3) I had to scroll down 4 entire (iPhone 6) screenfuls of tweets before I got to the chronologic list of recent tweets I actually want to see, and even then, saw only 2 of them before the next chunk of junk! The light grey bar on a light grey background is poor delineation between sections, as well. It blows my mind that a mostly-text medium with such a strict character limit manages to have vastly worse information density than Facebook. I use them differently, too, of course. Facebook feels more personal; I'm friends with real-life friends, and am a member of some groups for fun. Most of the updates feel personal to me. Twitter I use to follow "important figures" and some friends.. but no friends tweet, and the important figures never say anything interesting.. or at least, if they do, I can't get to it, because the UI is such garbage. And yet Facebook has vastly better information density on their desktop and mobile sites than Twitter manages. (see my comment elsewhere on this comment thread) As an American, I can guarantee you, demand means nothing to monopoly ISPs. If you have competition you might have better luck -- but should have had better luck already. Netflix's catalog(ue) is a shadow of its former self. I'm a Netflix subscriber, and can pretty much guarantee that any movie I attempt to watch will NOT be available on Netflix streaming. I have somewhat better luck with the previous episodes of American TV shows. That's very incorrect. The reason it's different is that the honeymooners from Fresno lose (or win) based on the house playing blackjack with a known set of parameters. If the honeymooners play perfect blackjack (which is a game of chance, not a game of skill), the expected outcomes can be calculated. If the whale negotiates the odds in his own games, he's changing the expected outcomes in his games versus the house, but he's not altering the odds for the honeymooners. He might win physical dollars that were lost by the honeymooners, but because both players are playing the house, it's meaningless 'whose' money he's winning. He's taking money from the Casino's profit margin, really. They're gambling that he'll still lose more than he wins, and the slimmer margins will be made up in volume. DFS is a skill game both in player selection, AND in skirting the rules, AND in getting the 'house' to tilt odds in your favor -- which directly tilt the odds even further away from the other players. Throw in a few mentions of DFS=D&D, plus a few mentions of HandEgg and Superb Owl, and you'd have the perfect stereotypical nerds vs jocks rant. I'm not sure if you read the (excellent) article, but what's going on here is they lure in rich, sophisticated to make huge, scripted bets across many, many accounts, giving them privileges 'normal' users don't have, in order to create huge jackpots and a much larger cut for the DFS site operator. They then use that take to invest in ads to lure more and more suckers. You should also preface the opinion with "I didn't read the whole article". The very fact that he ADMITS he has a gambling problem up front should have been a clue that the article was going to be about something other than whining about losing money (which he never actually did). He's outlining the ways in which the sites are corrupt. It's a bit of everything. For one, it's a website. How do they detect legitimate traffic vs scripted traffic? There would be countless ways to hide the fact that the traffic is scripted. Think about most sites -- they're barely able to keep the things running, let alone add on an additional huge workload of fraud detection... .... Especially when the fraud benefits them! Right, I agree. I was referring to the parent mentioning "the Netflix you all talk about". That Netflix is changing every day. I used to use Netflix to ship me DVDs, then I protested the Qwikster move by switching to streaming-only, which was great for movies (for awhile) but has been shifting to TV content. To be honest, I don't use Netflix much, but the value I get is still worth the $8/mo. Some months I don't use it at all, other months I binge-watch The Man in the High Castle. When I want to watch a movie, I first hit Netflix (hey, free streaming!) to search for it... then I check Amazon Prime on my Fire Stick, because some titles are free. If it's available for rental, I'll pay the $4. If available for purchase only (or unavailable), then I'll hop over to the iTunes store on the AppleTV and hope it's available for rental. Or I just go to canistream.it, which was about my only original invention ever, until I found out someone had already done it. I'm not a gamer, but I still get a kick out of people complaining about how expensive $45 or $50 games are. Get off my damn lawn, when I was a wee lad, I reserved my copy of Super Mario 3 and was HAPPY to find a store to hold a copy for me on release, of course full retail price of $65. That's $130 in today's dollars! No, I didn't bother since someone else did it first :) Ironically, not useful in Italy! Is it required that they steal the design and idea from the patent documents, and not from the actual product, which almost certainly came out before the patent docs? I would be very surprised if there was such an exclusion, and if it were enforceable. That's exactly how you clone a design patent. Comment is nonsensical. Yup. It's total crap. You're not going to push your heart rate so high you damage yourself, at least not a normal/sane person. If it was a serious risk, we'd all be wearing heart rate straps 24x7 with alarms sent to remind us to sit down when our HR gets into dangerous territory. I have a Suunto Ambit (GPS, HR strap, altimeter, barometer, etc) and a Fitbit Surge HR I got for Christmas. Sometimes both work, sometimes neither works. You use it for what it is. Typically when they both get a good signal, they're reporting the same figures. Let me guess, the claimant wasn't wearing the Fitbit the recommended 2-3" above her wrist bone at the time. The reported distance is basically fiction, of course. It's not a GPS device. It's an estimate based on how many steps it thinks you took, and the average distance an average person goes in that number of steps. As far as I can tell, steps/calories is roughly accurate (eg, not off by much more than, say, 10%) compared with other devices (my chest strap HRM+GPS device, stationary trainers, bicycle computer). Close enough for consumer use. I echo the poor battery life. I forget what it's rated at, but I get barely 3 days. My old Nike Fuelband was rated at 7 days but I could push it over 2 weeks. I often can't tell between 720p and 1080i source material either on my 46" 1080p set. About to buy a 75" 4k set though. The size means I'll definitely notice 4k from my couch distance (~8ft) and the sheer size will come in handy when watching TV from the kitchen table (~15ft away) It's a very bad link (basically a press release from SolarCity dressed up as news), but I couldn't help but laugh at the jab at Nevada being business-unfriendly. For those who are not local, California is, of course, the high-population, high-employment, high-tax neighbor that sparsely populated mostly-desert Nevada likes to try to poach jobs from by claiming California is "anti-business". It's worth noting that Nevada is not exactly a high income state, so solar panels can be relatively difficult to afford. I believe their grid electricity is also quite cheap. I'd be interested in hearing more from insurance companies on how they calculate "safe" driving. Are they applying a simple model where speed, acceleration, and braking are the only inputs considered? Or are they actively gathering data on many different inputs and correlating them with accident data? Also, of course, the insurance companies have different incentives than I do as a driver, or, indeed, society as a whole. The the stereotypical clueless/passive/elderly/(dare I say Prius) driver who accelerates incredibly slowly, brakes incredibly slowly, vaguely lists from lane to lane (without signaling) is a terrible driver, and is arguably dangerous to everyone around them. However, they might move so slowly that other drivers are able to anticipate and avoid them, so the accident claims data might not show them as high risk. (although they might tend to make lots of parking lot claims as they 'feel' their way into a parking spot). As a society we don't want to encourage clueless driving; on the other hand (if they can avoid parking lot scrapes), the insurance company might well prefer this driver. The insurance claims-based model absolutely incentivizes attentiveness, as you can avoid both your own accidents, as those that others attempt to cause. It's certainly not perfect (particularly when paired with things like credit checks), but I'd hate to see drone-like driving preferred over attentive driving. Another thing to note is that folks with an active interest in driving (engaged, sometimes drive fast, have advanced training, etc) will absolutely avoid these technologies because they're all convinced they'll be punished in the model -- so even if the insurance companies are actively collecting data in an attempt to refine their models, it will have a selection bias. The main thing these data will be lacking is context. Did I brake hard because I was texting and almost hit the car in front of me? Or did I brake hard because I goddamned felt like it? Were there cars behind me at the time, or was I driving in such a manner that there was no risk of collision? Can it separate inputs that are likely to cause two vehicles to collide, versus inputs that might cause a single-vehicle collision (in which case context doesn't matter)? Hell, just last week I unexpectedly threw my brand-new car into a full ABS panic stop to avoid some deer. Then again, I guess the insurance company doesn't care why. It's better than a collision, but they'd prefer that I never drive anywhere I might ever get in an accident. Actually, they'd just prefer I don't drive anywhere at all. In California, your auto insurance "base rate" cannot go up by more than a fixed amount (I think 40%?) upon renewal. This explains why they give me both "Good Driver" and "Exemplary Driver" discounts. I shudder to think what it would look like to lose both discounts and have the base rate go up by 40% all in one fell swoop. My insurance company has had a 3rd party auditor "audit" my data every effing 6 months for about 3 years straight. I think they're REALLY suspicious that I only put 3000 miles on this vehicle or 2000 miles on that. I've taken to just pulling up my fuel fillup tracker app every time they call. "Oh, did I say 3000 miles? No, actually, let's say 2853 miles". Joke's on them, the per-vehicle mileage goes down every time they ask. Because I drive more aggressively than you and I don't make claims or get in collisions. Or make comprehensive claims. Why should I subsidize your claims? That's a really, REALLY good question. I wonder how state insurance commissioners let insurance companies not share their data or models? Likely because, at this point, it's used to calculate discounts, not base rates. This will definitely become an issue. Yeah, actually, my parents have a SolarCity installation. I'm stubborn and want to pay upfront and own my system.. when I can afford it. I definitely veered off the whole SolarCity topic in my comment though. Discipline. As a full-time employee, I more than doubled my take-home pay between 2006 and 2015. In that period, my spending didn't go up. Actually, it went down, because I paid off my car. In the process, I paid off credit cards, student loans, and managed to increase my standard of living. I remember after a big pay bump (job change), noting that my take-home pay going into my primary checking account was unchanged from what it had been 6 years prior, because, almost without thinking about it, I went from single-digit 401k contribution to maxed out, and doubled the amount that went into my medium-term savings/investment accounts. It just seemed natural; I'll be making more, time to save more. It was essentially a coincidence that the take-home number remained the same. This is not to say it's so easy for everyone; everyone has different circumstances. My point is more that there are so many people NOT doing this for whom it WOULD be easy. Absolutely. Habits are hard to quit. For me, it's the "time to spend" habit. I put off making a big purchase, but once I do (say, building a home theater system or something) it becomes easy to just keep spending on it because you've already mentally committed to the project. All fine and good so far. But then you notice something else you 'need' or that's wearing out, and you buy that without thinking about it. Then you buy another thing without thinking about it, because you're in the habit. Sometimes you need to do a spending detox after those splurges. Car theft has virtually fallen off a cliff in the United States. In 2013, the rate was 1/3 of what it was in 1991 (the peak for auto thefts in the US). https://www.nicb.org/newsroom/news-releases/historical-look-... Not surprising. My first Nest wouldn't connect to any of my 5 access points in my house.. thought it was a bug until I found it COULD connect via tethering from my iPhone. Spent a weekend troubleshooting, Nest ultimately sent me a replacement, which I was sure wouldn't fix my issue, but it actually did! Bad chipset. Then I had the common wire issue. Then I fixed that. Then 6mo later I spent a few hours on the phone with support before I found out I actually had something in the furnace fail over the summer. I was amazed it was not a Nest issue. Also, my Nest loses its internet connection when it goes into the infamous "power save" mode, which Nest insists means your access point is not 802.11 compliant, but I have the certification from Meraki that their APs are fully compliant. It's been a fairly colossal pain in the ass, even though at least one issue was not Nest's fault. From cruising the forums, they just break shit way too often, don't give a downgrade option, don't allow you to choose whether or not to apply software updates, and.. just generally treat an important home appliance like it's a cheap toy. golf clap The midpoint fallacy is that the truth lies directly in the midpoint. Typically it lies SOMEWHERE in the middle, but the fallacy is meant to point out that it's just as likely to lie very close to one end or the other, as directly in the middle. Of course, if you construct a total straw man argument where we already know the god-given truth, you can show that a second argument will take you further from the truth. Voted up because I had to get halfway through the comments (and even searched "apple f.lux" on Google but only turned up results from November) before finding the name "night shift" that I could then google and get the background. Is there a better way for submitters to include a second, explanatory link for context when the linked article does not provide any? 28% marginal tax rate. Maybe 19% effective. State tax is 10%, not 12%. Yeah, the article is silly. He's dumping on moving to the Bay Area for a tech job, where everyone I know who has done so (including myself) is thriving. And not working 100 hours a week. I concur. Here's a comment I made on another thread about self-driving cars, and my experience with even rudimentary assistance features on my 2016 VW (coming from a car with no such features whatsoever): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10735434 So now they're carrying an espresso machine with frothing wand, and making drinks on-site? Or they're delivering drip coffee which will have even less demand and cost less. Aldi owns Trader Joe's, where I shop frequently. I LOVE shopping somewhere with only 4 or 5 aisles; so much more convenient than our local Safeway with 15 or 20 aisles that takes ages to walk back and forth as you keep remembering where items are. I can't imagine shopping regularly at a full-size WalMart. I was shocked to learn (on the news this morning) that 2 WalMart stores in the Bay Area are closing (Oakland and San Jose (Monterey Highway)). I don't know there were ANY until a week or two ago when I did a Google Maps search. My hatred of them goes back to my youth and early online activism from when WalMart was pushing out local mom and pop record stores in small towns and replacing them with their shitty censored versions of music. (WalMart insisted that labels manufacture and sell censored copies just so they could push their twisted morals on America). Needless to say, nothing they have done in the past twenty years has made them any more deserving of my dollars. I've never bought anything there and never will. Fortunately we live in an area of the country where it's easier to avoid them than it is to shop there, even if you wanted to. Well, that's not remotely relevant. As an American, this is hilarious to read, given how high British mortgage rates are compared to those in the US, and how home ownership is so often considered to be "the American dream". Also, the brits I know (who do not live in London) aren't so cutthroat about money. Again, I think they'd accuse Americans of being that way. But this may be true of Londoners. This makes it sounds classist -- almost as if the renting class don't deserve protections. I would have assumed renters in the US would be treated worse. It would be like renting clothes. Yes, you could stop renting them at any time, but... you don't really have an alternative. Absolutely. Just bought a house on the Peninsula a year ago. I feel ya. No. I am not aware of either one creating a market for censorship. Though I've only ever spent a handful of dollars at Best Buy anyway. It's about using their power to create and push an inferior product (censored music created especially for WalMart). At the time (early-mid 90s) I was a teenager, so it was a big deal that others who couldn't drive no longer had the option to buy proper versions of music thanks to WalMart's heavy hand. WalMart shoppers vote with their dollars, and so do I. Yeah. To be honest, I almost looked forward to layovers during air travel for my once- or twice- yearly McDonalds visit. The food options in airports, as dismal and overpriced as they tend to be, are gourmet fare compared with what's served on the airplane. I'd just as soon not have to shuffle my laptop or book around to make space for lousy food. I think the airlines have had a bit of a race to the bottom in a few ways: * Fees. Charge baggage fees, everyone else does the same, nobody's any better off. Boarding is slower and passengers crankier. I was HAPPY to not have to tote my bag around every single layover until they started charging for bags, now I'm another unhappy customer lugging a bag everywhere, walking up and down the aisles looking for space, having my bag gate-checked (and inevitably lost -- gate checking is the least reliable way of actually getting your bag to its destination, it seems). * Chasing "frequent flier" business travelers. I don't have the numbers to back this up, but most of them already seem loyal to their chosen airline to funnel their corporate dollars to, because they've got so many damn miles accrued. But airlines trip all over themselves to throw free shit at the 1% of frequent fliers that they piss off the 99% of occasional travelers. Yes, the frequent flier dollars are very important, but now we have a (very) long tail of less-frequent travelers who can be guaranteed that they will never, ever, ever be offered a free upgrade. You won't even get an emergency exit row (see: fees). I hate to sound entitled, but on my honeymoon, I was hoping that, for once, I might get a courtesy upgrade. Nope. I'd wager that if every airline set aside 2 slightly-better seats for a random upgrade, they'd get a lot of good word-of-mouth from the average joe like myself. But instead they waste every single bit of effort on the jaded business traveler whose opinion won't be swayed that much by small favors, because all of the airlines are throwing free stuff at them all the time anyway. * Space, obviously. I continue to insist there's a market to pay 50% more for just a LITTLE bit more space. I don't mean economy plus; I'm not tall, I'm just an average-sized male. I just want my own goddamned armrest. I don't know why the airlines can't get this right. Business class 2x2 seating on a narrowbody would 'only' cost them 33% of seat capacity. 2x3 would even be acceptable, with an offset aisle. On a widebody, even just taking out ONE coach seat would make enough space to give passengers a meaningful upgrade. add a couple more inches of legroom to make it easier to get in and out, and bam, you have my loyalty for life. I'm happy to pay for a little comfort. I just won't pay 5x as much for business class. It's simply not in a normal human being's price bracket. I don't have to pay $100k to get a car that's a bit nicer than a Corolla. (see: frequent fliers spending business dollars). You buy an AppleTV. Or a Roku. Or a FireTV. It comes with a remote. It doesn't require you to buy dongles. It's preferable to a laptop because you don't have to go into the control panel and switch audio and make sure the screen sizes match, and tuck the laptop somewhere that the screen doesn't light up the room, and walk back and forth to the laptop to change media sources. You pay for the subscriptions to get content. Netflix, Amazon Prime, etc. Things you would not get for free using your laptop solution, either. In my experience, the desktop solution sucks. I built a Win7 HTPC for about $350, and of course it does way more than the AppleTV does. But I thought WMC would work out of the box, and it does not. Turns out Windows can play very FEW media formats until you download codec packs from the various sketchy foreign sites with more malware than content. Also, every time my generic remote can't do something, I find myself powering up the wireless keyboard and using a not-made-for-the-living-room UI to do everything. The other day my video started stuttering for no reason and I spent about an hour troubleshooting, upgrading video drivers, etc. I've never had to do this with an AppleTV or WDTV or FireTV stick, or any other appliance. Then a week later, the sound stopped working through my TV. I went into audio drivers, and I saw a RealTEK driver. Is this what I want? I don't know. Why did it work before? It doesn't work now. After a few reboots, magically I saw "Samsung TV". Well, okay, I DEFINITELY want that. And it worked! Different devices for different markets. That said, $150 for an AppleTV is a bit more dear than the old $99 pricepoint. It's a harder sell than it used to be. I like my AppleTV4, but it doesn't really do much that my 3 didn't do. I tried using the Plex app, hoping it would replace the HTPC that I finally junked and replaced with a TiVo. Sadly, my NAS is not powerful enough to transcode, so I'm back at square one.. except, with the TiVo, now I have 6 devices and only 5 HDMI ports on my receiver.. back to square one. Thanks for your comment. We're all certainly sensitive to customer service issues (if anything, frequent fliers even more so). I think a major change in service for your most frequently-used route is pretty significant, and I'd expect anyone to switch airlines for this. I was speaking more of small changes that would likely go unnoticed, eg if one airline offers upgrades to frequent fliers slightly more often than another; that might go unnoticed, and even if it didn't, likely would not trump loyalty due to existing miles, preferable routes, preferred lounges/service of one airline over another, etc. Your suggestion of "upgrading" yourself is not realistic for 2 reasons. One, very few people will pay 5x as much for a slightly better experience. The price difference vastly exceeds the actual cost (except to the extent that premium seats subsidize coach seats, of course). Secondly, my comment was about the customer goodwill the occasional upgrade would generate, as lowly infrequent fliers do not expect to be treated as anything but breathing, inconvenient cargo. You say that people who spend as much time in the air as you DO care, but you also said you don't use upgrades, and you changed airlines over a major service change, not over a minor upgrade policy change. I'm not saying you DON'T care about upgrades, just that it's not really what you were addressing in your comment. Right, I am more than willing to pay a premium price for a better service, but we're talking 50%, not 500%. I believe the price they're trying to charge is simply an order of magnitude out of whack with reality. I suspect there are 2 factors at play here. For one, serving the lowest common denominator and competing on price is easier. It's easier to create metrics around, and by handling volume, it's easier to fill planes. It would be harder to provide a premium service airline with all more-expensive seats, because likely they'd end up with unexpectedly low utilization or unexpectedly high demand at various times, based on seasonality, and it might be harder to fill all of the seats as efficiently. Not to mention route planning and so on. The other factor is probably just a bit of a herd mentality where nobody wants to go out on a limb and try something different for fear of spectacular failure. We know the existing system works, even if it doesn't work well. I know United has Premium Service, but they don't even make it easy to purchase. They mention that it's on EWR-LAX and EWR-SFO routes, but then tout the level of "available" service in different classes -- 1st, and economy plus. They imply there's ALSO regular economy seating, and don't explain what (if anything) is better in regular economy. They don't discuss whether Economy plus is better than economy plus on other planes/routes. They also don't seem to provide any way of booking it -- I looked several times on their website, and perhaps I just need to know which flights are considered "PS" flights, and then figure out if it costs more or the same? From what I've seen, Economy Plus only offers 5" additional legroom and no additional shoulder room. The legroom comes in handy more for ingress and egress (and, I suppose, not having your laptop screen crushed as readily when the passenger in front of you reclines). Thanks. Will definitely give it a try. Thanks, I was not aware of Infuse, and forgot about the VLC option. I actually don't love Plex's UI, it's a little too flashy for me. I really just like simple lists of content, so I'll give these a try. Seriously. I sleep like a baby and often show 30+ times restless. Great post. I went through this a few years ago and bought my options and filed an 83(b) election. I was lucky in that I bought all my options (even had to borrow a bit of money to make it happen) before IPO and because I bought them shortly after being granted them, the 'gain' for AMT purposes was just under the threshold where I would have triggered AMT. I had something like 15k headroom to play with before I triggered AMT, and my paper gains were within a few dollars of that. Of course, that was before I had a house; likely the same scenario would not work for me today. On the other hand, now I have a house :) It'll be easy to find a cheap place in Morgan Hill! SF/Peninsula, not so much. Prices never really went down by that much in '08 which was a real, honest-to-god housing crisis.. so a smaller tech deflation won't help much. .. Or so I hope, since I just bought an overpriced Peninsula house last year :) Sorry, but that's cheap. $1400/mo (assuming 10% down) for a mortgage on an entire house? That's cheap. That's marginally above apartment pricing in even non-high-end areas. 60 hour work weeks? Citation needed. Every time we talk about work, people overinflate their workweeks by including commuting time or that one time they checked their work email from their phone. 5x12 is hardly the norm. Life expectancy has 'only' increased by 10% in 50 years? That sounds pretty damn good to me. I once worked with an ACH system where the transactions were in a txt file on a Windows box that was, IIRC, copied over ZMODEM after a dialup modem connection was opened to whatever the other party was (bank? processor? I don't know). Obviously, given the liability involved, I never messed around with it. But I always wondered what would happen if some amount was different than expected. One would hope there's all kinds of verification going on, but I kind of doubt it. This was only 10 years ago. In the US, anyway, I had to do such big transfers via wire transfer, and while it happens (almost) immediately, you have to catch the 10am or 11am (Pacific) deadline, depending on the bank, or else you're waiting another whole day. I don't get the "even then" part of your statement. If anything, big uptimes are a thing of an older, more monolithic era when patching was less common. It was extraordinarily common to have multi-year uptimes on important servers, whereas these days they seem far less common In my experience, the past decade has been a time of trying to be more rigorous than ever about regular patching, routine reboots, and respinning VMs to ensure that your provisioning systems work as intended, so you never again end up with these monolithic irreplaceable systems. These days, the only time I find servers with big uptimes is when they've been neglected -- they're some old bastard child of some former employee or the ancient rickety crap some department is too afraid to touch... And even then, it doesn't raise an eyebrow until it's 1000+ days. yeah, these naval-gazing blogposts are getting fairly exhausting Wow, yeah. I didn't realize nando was a regional paper. I read it all the time though because it was the first good online newspaper. I've been a member since last year. But I grew up in the Northwest, and shopped there many times with my family in the 80s and 90s (they had a membership, of course). More recently, I've used my girlfriend-now-wife's membership, and only signed up for my own last year. I saw no urgency or reason to get my own, and I have never heard of voting on anything at REI, from my own membership or from my family's. It's odd how pushy they are about employees selling memberships (I had a friend who worked there for a few years), when they clearly 'cost' the co-op more than they bring in over the long run. I think it is. I bought a 10f down sleeping bag from an online discount merchant, and I've been consistently disappointed with its performance. I wouldn't return it (because I don't need 10f performance), but it's barely capable of keeping me warm enough to sleep at 30f while wearing long underwear and a beanie to sleep. I'm not saying I'd return it, because I don't plan to sleep anywhere colder than 30f, but these are the kinds of things a coop can and should keep an eye on when selecting product and deciding what to continue carrying. And yeah, some people ruined it for everyone. I saw a crashed mountain bike at REI that some dude returned. My REI story was backpacking boots. I went back and forth on two sizes, and ultimately decided the larger size would probably have me sliding around too much. I had to wear them for 30 or 40 miles before it became clear that they were not going to work, and the other size would be better. It was well worth the extra $15 or whatever to buy from a retailer that was friendly about returns. As a native Seattleite, REI was a local retailer, so I can't comment there. And I don't know what their outreach efforts are like in the communities where they base their stores. That said, IMO your experience with the staff's education level is the exception rather than the rule. Certainly for specialty equipment you might be better off at a climbing shop where all of the employees know the gear, rather than making sure you get "the climbing guy" at your particular REI store. But not everyone can be an expert in everything, and they make efforts to train their employees on the gear they sell to a greater extent than most other non-specialty stores. Craftsman tools are total crap these days, but you're right about how it used to be, and this is a good way of doing things. http://www.rei.com/stores/san-carlos.html First thing you'll see when you Google your local REI store is paid and free classes available. Yes, hence the lawsuit. Yup- and this is key. You didn't have a choice before, at least not with the big carriers. They were going to take you for a full subsidy/installment/whatever phone plan, whether or not you reaped the rewards of it. As such, it was silly to not sign a new contract and pay a couple hundred for a new $800 phone every 2 years. Even back into the turn of the century, if you bought an unlocked phone off eBay, you were paying full whack for your rate plan, even though you didn't use a subsidy. I even had Cingular once try to tell me I was under contract, simply because I had signed up less than 2 years ago -- even though there was no contract (I paid for my own phone). Then a couple of years ago, they started offering "BYOD" pricing plans, so I paid my $300ish ETF, got my iPhone unlocked, and "saved" $15/mo. It was roughly breakeven. Now I just pay full price for my phone if and when I want a new one. It helps me recognize the full cost of what I'm buying, and it means I'm not tied to a carrier. Why do you like to drive at the speed limit? Do you find it just happens to be reasonably set, and it happens to be a speed at which you feel comfortable? Have you driven vehicles in which the speed limit feels dangerously fast, as well as vehicles in which the speed limit feels somewhat low? Do you find the speed limit to be a reasonable "upper bound" for travel, with a fair number of people traveling below it? Or do you find it to be an artificial upper bound, with many vehicles traveling very close to that speed? If the latter, how do you feel about the clumping of traffic and inability to complete passes, change lanes for exits, and the like? I'm not sure "having family obligations after working hours" or "having a job where you're expected to arrive more or less on time" are quite the absurd worst-case scenarios you envision them to be. I really like Safari on OS X. It's my go-to browser on my personal machine, and on my work machine, it's my "personal" browser (I'm typing this into safari). I use Chrome for my work stuff. But maybe this is down to your tab preferences. I simply hate tabs. To me, they're the sign of a failed window manager. I don't feel it's the job of every application to reinvent the UX wheel and implement tab functions differently from every other application. Maybe some day an operating system will support tabs natively? I wonder if tourists will be able to choose from a number of different signs to stand in front of at Facebook HQ now. Define great society. If anything, parent's comment is more clear to me than yours. Both are [citation needed], but parent's hints at more detail. Have you honestly been told that if you were really hard right now, you'll be able to retire soon? What was the context? A manager trying to sell you on putting in extra hours, because the IPO is going to make you rich? I nodded to a lot of your points (although I have personally done well by 1 of the 3 companies to offer me options), but I've never had a boss actively try to push me like that. It's always been encouragement or constructive criticism, but never (potentially) false promises. That just strikes me as so wrong. Having worked for a Big Four firm in an exceedingly junior role, it's quite clear how this happened, and how it could happen anywhere. These big firms attach their names to work done by very junior people. The companies have a lot of experience at what they do, so their processes tend to be okay at producing an acceptable end result, but so much of their work is done by utterly clueless junior folks, that it's amazing things don't go sideways more often. Then again, an accounting opinion is just that -- an opinion . In the end, the liability tends to be very limited. To use a legal word I don't fully understand, it seems Goldman was completely negligent here, but not necessarily in a criminal way -- if that's possible. They had a client that needed a lot of hand-holding, but it was small potatoes to a big bank, and they utterly failed to serve their client's interests. Of course, because they're the big fish, they've probably covered their asses pretty well in a legal sense, and won't owe a dime. It's not right, but it's probably what will happen, legally. More than music, foreign languages, chemistry, physics.... "English" and "math" are the two things you'll be taking constantly in middle school and high school. The statement that the cheating was to reduce AdBlue usage is not the complete answer to "why", as many of the affected cars in the US didn't use after-treatment at all. Can someone well-versed in train operation help explain the difference between operating a train on these kinds of routes and schedules and, say, operating a tractor-trailer or bus? The article keeps mentioning the difficult tasks of operating the train -- obey every speed limit sign, every trackside control, speed up here, slow down there. But it doesn't illustrate how these demands are different from the demands placed on the operators of other vehicles. If anything, it seems tractor trailer and bus driver schedules are far more demanding, and they have even more things to look out for while operating their vehicles. On the side of the difficulties of operating a train, I can see how the endless line of tracks unfurling in front of you can be mesmerizing/tiring (like driving in a snowstorm), and how the 'relative' safety of being secured to tracks can lull you into a false sense of security on stretches where speed changes are not required. Furthermore, of course, the demands of keeping a train on the right set of tracks through various switches can be difficult, because trucks don't face the same risk of head-on collisions with no ability to stop or veer off course at the last second. Still, without knowing anything about the difficulty of operating the train controls themselves, I find myself wanting for more information to illustrate the unusual demands placed on train operators that are not placed on other long-haul motor vehicle operators. I don't dispute that it's a demanding job, and the consequences greater than those of crashing a tractor trailer, but I'm unable to understand how without more information. Others also pointed out trains are big and heavy, which I thought of more in terms of an advantage (doesn't exactly speed up all that quickly) or neutral in terms of impact on the conductor (if it crashes, yes, it's a big deal, but assuming it doesn't, it's not). I hadn't thought about it in terms of cycle time and 'tending' as you mention. You're right that having to plan things ahead, and watching the consequences of your earlier actions unfold slowly can be quite stressful. I imagine it also demands much more in terms of multi-tasking because you can't just respond to an immediate need, you need to keep more 'balls in the air' at a given point in time because of how slowly the controls respond. Excellent point, thank you. You're bringing it all back to my mind. "Our client agreements state that for any flights exceeding 5 hours, you may fly business class." (except what they don't tell you is you NEVER fly business class, because some engagement manager is trying to impress their senior and the client by billing as little as possible). "NEVER eat hours, because it's critical that we are able to estimate the time for each engagement in the future. If we need to find cost savings, the engagement manager will make that determination and simply bill less if necessary." (Except everyone, from the most junior plebe, all the way up to engagement manager and beyond, are all trying to impress the person above them so hours get eaten at each and every level) Trolls are vandals. They subtract value from the community. They are worse than useless. For every level of benefits, I'm pretty sure I can find a way to exceed that in my cost of living. Also from the article "having never done much long-term financial planning" True, but there's a difference between not having started saving by 25 or 30, and not having started saving by 70. There's still hope for the millennials. Right. Carrying a firearm = self defense. Fine. Someone might attack you, you can defend yourself. Occupying land that is not yours = protest action. Fine. You'll probably get arrested or at least sent on your way, but fine. Occupying the land AND carrying a weapon to defend yourself isn't just like "oh man, if someone tries to rob me during my protest operation, I'll be able to defend myself!" No, it's tacitly admitting that people are going to come and arrest you, and you expect to put up a violent fight. Nobody's under any illusion that the police are going to march in there, put handcuffs on everyone, and walk out. Where do you live? First of all, we need to get around the inaccurately named regions of the US. If you live in the midwest (the middle of the country; from top to bottom) or the south (southwest of the country), football without a doubt. If you live anywhere else, you can pick and choose. To me, baseball is a lot more intellectually stimulating and has a lot more interesting strategy, but the more I learn about football, the more I see how much goes into it as well. I was a rabid baseball fan as a youth, but these days can't be bothered to spend the time required to watch a game (let alone 160 games a season). As such, I'm more of a football fan now-- frankly, there is more action, and there are fewer games per year so it's easier to follow a team. Doof, correct. Planning a SW roadtrip so that's on the tip of my fingers. I assume you mean Rand Paul; he has suspended his campaign for President. $500k is nothing to sneeze at. Some folks get too wrapped up in how important they THINK their business (or stock options, or whatever) should be worth or might be worth. Rather than valuing them at what they're ACTUALLY worth. I don't see how anyone could call Photos.app the best app they've ever used. Right off the bat, I can never tell you why I'm in a mode where I can multi-select or not. When I double-click on a photo, all of a sudden an intermediate navigation thumbnail bar thing pops up, but it doesn't let me do the things the main thumbnail view does. I don't know when I can use the back arrow or not. Flagging no longer shows up on the pictures, so I have to look up to the menu bar to see if a photo is flagged. I've got a few shared galleries with family. Does anyone know which photos are going to show up in Photos vs Albums (All Photos) vs Shared (Activity and your named shared galleries) and the My Photo Stream under Albums? Virtually every time I recreate a photo library or get a new device, I need to turn off all the icloud syncing crap and photostream crap about 3 times before it finally starts syncing photos. And sometimes when it does, I click on a photo thumbnail and the wrong photo pops up. Photos is effing TERRIBLE from a UI/UX, features, and functionality standpoint. Thanks. I followed the links in your first two citations mentioned inline as relevant to figuring it out, and neither one provided the answer, which I found frustrating. I did not click on the third as from the comment itself it sounded unrelated. Of course, now that I look again, I can see it's basically there in the URL. iPhoto was pretty bad, but it seems better than Photos. Perhaps I'm just more used to it. Thanks for the tip about the hearts, but I didn't mean in the title bar of the program, I meant overlaid on the photo itself -- the old flagging method was much easier to see at a glance. I actually like the photostream. It's an easy way of getting recent phone snapshots onto my computer for exporting or doing whatever I want -- without keeping them around forever. My multi-select comment refers to this: double-click on a photo in the thumbnails. You're now viewing an enlarged photo. Now there's also a double-row of thumbnails to the left of it. You can use this double-row to navigate, but not to multi-select. You must hit the back arrow to get to the OTHER thumbnail view in order to multi-select. I constantly make this mistake, it's so non-intuitive that you can't multi-select thumbnails to (say) export multiple photos.. not in THIS mode, at least, you now have to hit a back arrow to do the exact same task! I'm not sure if they've fixed this in Photos, but a big gripe of mine with iPhoto was its "sharing" behavior. If you deleted your photos from your computer, it ALSO deleted them from your 'shared' sites; eg, Facebook or whatever. To me, this was absolutely asinine behavior as many of us use multiple computers, can't store our entire photo libraries on them at all times, and so on. For example, my workflow is to take a lightweight laptop with me when I travel, and the SSD can't hold my whole photo library; just enough to do quick edits, upload, then delete. I'll have to experiment with Photos' 'sharing' support, but I'm afraid of breaking stuff from past experiences. Or they could COVER the parking lot with these panels, which would not only generate more electricity, but would also be far more durable, provide shade/cover, and reduce the need for air conditioning systems to be run when because you'll no longer be climbing into a hot car. Was on a long motorcycle trip with a few friends. We had left our home in the US and were traversing Canada which, of course, uses the metric system, unlike the US. As we passed one sign, it said something to effect of "Dawson City 1500km", which I remarked on over the radio as it was a nice round number (and, of course, quite some distance, and a large number you're unlikely to see on a road sign in the US due in part to the greater length of the mile). My buddy chimed in "ONE POINT FIVE MEGAMETERS" We laugh about it to this day. They may or may not (be allowed to) have a sense of humor about it. Our 24 Hours of LeMons car's publicity was sent to Matt Groening by a friend, and he passed it around the office. Apparently he asked their publicity folks if they could invite us up to show off the car about the same time that legal asked about sending us a cease and desist. In the case of the car, it's probably fair use and the only issue was likely that we have non-Fox-approved sponsorship on it, but they probably decided their advertisers wouldn't complain about it because it's not exactly big bucks changing hands here. So yeah, we got to meet Matt Groening and David X Cohen and Al Jean and a lot of the writers. It was definitely a cool experience. http://www.thehomercar.com it sure didn't dip much in 2008. Ah, I see, if you turn things on in the view menu, it enables it to be overload ONLY in the main thumbnail view mode. When you're viewing a single photo, the heart/title/etc is not overlaid on the full size photo or the nav bar thumbnail. Some of these headlines feel like mad libs for technology. Occasionally it makes me feel left behind. Then I remember most of these "new hotness" technologies get abandoned as quickly as they get adopted, so I'm not missing much. If they hadn't "built up", prices would be much higher than they are now. The point was that if housing prices were going to drive people out to the country, it would also drive them to tier 2 affordable metros. Yes, there are people who specifically want to live in the country, but that's even more of an edge case than the folks who just want to live in a cheaper town. Frankly, most people want to live where they are. Power bill 100x what it would be in the Bay Area, too! First few times I visited Austin I thought "you know, I could live here". Third time it was over 100 for 5 days straight. And humid like a sauna. In May. If you can deal, though, more power to ya. I loved Austin. We actually got a nice place for that kind of money in Redwood City. I love it here. I wish I had a 10 car garage instead of a 0.5 car garage, but frankly, I have no desire to own a lot of land. I don't get the lust for acreage that so many profess. If anything, it seems like folks living in more remote areas complain about their neighbors MORE than folks in the suburbs. Nor do I have a desire to clean 3000sqft of house. I agree when the article takes half an hour to read, but this was still pretty short so I didn't mind it. And especially when "everyone" is predicting a collapse. That makes me more confident than anything that everything will be okay. There's virtually no religion or guns in Seattle. And I'm not sure what race you're talking about, but I can only guess Asian (since Canadian isn't a race!) and even growing up in the 80s half my friends were Asian. We're not talking about Oklahoma here. The Bay Area has been really bad about building, but some of the huge explosions in housing, for example the big towers going up in Redwood City, might finally help alleviate a bit of pressure. Price is reasonable, but an hour outside Vancouver is damn far. For very real reasons, it's different in Vancouver than in the Bay Area, which some of the comments touch on. Not that you're wrong -- we bought in the bay area. Our offer was the best of 13, and narrowly beat out an all-cash offer. Of course, you have to have the right seller to be willing to "risk" selling it to normal people who have to borrow to buy, vs the sure thing of an all cash offer. Guy across the street bid on tons of properties before buying. I think they had the best of 34 (!) offers. RWC. Yup. You used to actually click on and read peoples' profiles, and they'd post directly on your wall. 2006 is also about when they added photos. In 2006, on Facebook, you'd create a profile and list what residence you lived in and what sections of what classes you took. Literally everything on your profile was basically a select query that let you see who else lived there, and who else was in that section. It was awesome. But it also had the potential to have a much larger creep factor, and obviously didn't scale because not everybody was in college. They effectively destroyed Facebook when they got rid of all of the college class info -- all of the curated content that had to be done on a school-by-school basis. When they got rid of groups (before later re-adding them). The newsfeed. There was a time somewhere in 2006-2007 where Facebook was an utter shell of its former self, looked weird, and wasn't particularly useful. And the amazing thing was, they were right. They did what they needed to do to pivot from what it was (a college information source) into a global social network superpower. It sort of reminds me of the Steve Jobs quote where if you don't cannibalize your own products, someone else will. So you're not actually measuring resting heart rate, just average non-active heartrate. Those sounds like two different things. My FitBit HR (also using an optical sensor) says my resting HR has varied between about 52 and 59bpm over the past 5 weeks, which passes the sniff test. I tend to be in the high 70s/low 80s when standing and moving about, but when I sit down (to work or relax or whatever), it drops into the low 50s. One that really sticks in my mind was the day I did a free go karting session courtesy of blood donation. Wisely, they had us race first, then donate. I got out of the kart, walked to the waiting area, sat down, and 5 minutes later was called back and given a resting HR of 42. My old Fuelband used to register quite a bit of activity while cycling, surprisingly. It would register about half as many Nikefuel per hour as running, but still way way way way above, say, walking, let alone being seated. I haven't cycled much since I got my fitbit charge hr. Well, it won't help folks who want to live in SF, of course, but it's right on the Caltrain line. I would definitely say you could get by in downtown RWC and commute to SF if you desire without a car. throws up hands Well, you're the one who brought up race, so I'm not sure what you expected. I think the problem is that you experience US culture via the media, and you experience Canadian culture in real life AND via the media. I don't feel that everything is about race in the US, but obviously it's a pretty damn big deal in the media right now because of globally-known events that have happened really recently. Would you have said the same even 5 years ago? In a bar in France one time, a group of drunk Canadian women started chatting me up, and the more drunk of the group kept going on and on about how terribly obsessed with celebrities all of us Americans were. She went on and on for 20 minutes about how it's all we care about and all we talk about. Leaving aside the irony of the situation, she refused to listen when I said I simply don't care, it's not a part of my life, and it's not a part of the lives of anyone I know. But that's what you get when your biggest impression of a place is from its media. That's not to say that it doesn't reflect something real, just that it's not the whole picture. Yeah, I walked through Super Bowl city in SF last week and found these megaphone people. You forget they exist until a big event comes up, then they come out of the woodwork. And if you get in the wrong car by accident, you might just have to beat up the driver! Agreed. http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/superdelegates-might-not... To be fair, jumping the shark is vastly preferable to not quite jumping the shark. It is remote; the satellites get quite lonely I'm sure. I had no idea. The whole point is that, because we were not educated about that fact, the statement is likely incorrect. Every comment I've read so far has said that Apple should help in this instance, so I don't see the cheerleading-- yet. Except now I may provide it. I just read Apple's letter to customers, and now I agree with them that the very creation of backdoor software -- even if it's only meant to help in specific instances -- is a dangerous thing. Applying specialized knowledge that Apple has about iOS and iPhones, plus Apple's engineers, to creating an innovative backdoor that does not exist today, means that it can never be un-designed. It will never have fewer people aware of it, unless you kill them after they create the software. The knowledge will only spread. The software can only leak. The engineers can only get conveniently hired by a competitor or foreign government or our own government. I agree, it is troubling. It seems that the extraordinary claim requires data. I haven't seen the line item on Apple's earnings report that breaks out where they're making money from customer data. "This is not a good sign" != "This is a bad sign". I've re-read your comment several times, and I don't get how it's novel or how it applies here. Of course it could be true in this case, as it could be true in any decision any company makes. But I don't see how it's insightful or proves or suggests that Apple is doing the same. You're not some kind of martyr for the anti-Apple cause here. I think we all know that Apple could be saying one thing and doing another. That doesn't mean that they are, and it doesn't mean that this open letter is proof that they are. Except for all of the times we see articles going on and on about how China's growth and dominance is a threat to us. I agree the articles we see are biased, and there's an undercurrent of fear in trying to downplay China's rise. That said, I feel that the forces trying to explain away or ignore China's outright fabrication and lies about its growth are more, how shall I say, insistent. Many of us often complain that our jobs would be much easier if only . This is a reminder to step back and realize that, sometimes, your job isn't supposed to be easy. Your goals are not necessarily your entire organization's goals, nor the entire nation or world's goals. Which means you're able to put a simply massive amount of money away if you so desire. I notice in many of these kinds of comment threads, people talk about dropping out of the rat race and getting rid of their "luxury townhome" and luxury cars and so on. Orrrr you could just participate in the rat race in a much more modest and realistic way. Just an anecdote, but when I studied in a mid-sized city in France a bit over a decade ago, one night after walking home from the bar, I commented to my host mom that I was surprised at the number of homeless people. She seemed confused, so I mentioned people sleeping in the doorways of businesses that were shuttered for the night. Her reply has always stuck with me. "Oh! No, they're not homeless, they're Roma."