Not Really. I work at Microsoft. MS has mountains of cash and they're hiring like crazy. I agree Microsoft might not have the sexiest product that make everyone drool, but they have some products that make a ton of money and not sexy at all. e.g SQL Server Not sure how major, major will be. I was removing my actual facebook token and reducing profanity. Fixed the issues! They're making money. They use SSL and OAuth. that works 99.9% of the cases. The rest would be nerds like me who would go on hacking the damn thing. I've gotten a few dates but nothing interesting. The previous API version had real birthdates, full names and geolocations. That was gold! Why not make an actual job site? It seems the data here is quite disorganized. There are quite a few who wants to be hired and who is hiring posts? Could work as a free job listing site for hacker-techies. I am a MS employee waiting to move to the US. Just so frustrated by the system. After 15 months I've fallen in love with Vancouver. I come from Australia. Yes, the winter sucks, but as Engineers we spend a lot of time indoors and it doesn't make a huge difference. I would definitely apply for YC Vancouver. The tech community here is vibrant and growing. I'm from Australia. Can definitely say housing is cheaper than Vancouver. Vancouver has been flooded by Super Rich Asians from China dumping their money in property and sky rocketing the prices for property. Can't get a 2 bedroom for less than $750,000. I used Meteor for a project and almost killed myself. Its good and fancy but loads a bajillion javascript libs that you have no idea. Also loads of dependencies on specific versions. DO NOT USE IT FOR PRODUCTION PROJECTS! I've had a very very horrible experience. any chance we could this as a axax front-end to mysql database? I'd pay for it. Looks amazing. Would solve so many issues. I think its the classic chicken-egg problem like any other platform. flexbox support for mobile browsers is still pretty terrible. Not sure why India is red. I mean its a pretty crazy country to be in, but no one censors your shit like China. While getting my advanced open diver licence, I did a dive with grey nurse sharks. There I learn't how important sharks were. Where there are sharks, there are more reefs, more other species. When the sharks are killed, the over-feeding begins and over time the reef is depleted. Again, this is only in SV. In canada, its pretty difficult to get a $100k+ job. I've re-written a couple of systems. I think sometimes a refactor is a lot more expensive. e.g old system was written in actionscript/flash. The old devs left and lots of little bugs. Best to just rewrite in HTML/JS that works on mobile and you have full control. Another example. This dude had a giant wordpress site with a bazillion plugins. It worked but when something went wrong he couldn't figure jack shit and couldn't add more. Re-wrote it with a CMS, he got a 100x boost on how fast he could get things done. Sometimes the old just needs to be replaced with the new. I know one of top female coders in Google who worked on Maps. She said her dad taught her a few things in java when she was young. Her dad would give her some sort of reward of every little school problem she could solve with java. Before she even grew boobs, she made a word problem solver based on the STUDENT paper http://dspace.mit.edu/bitstream/handle/1721.1/5922/AIM-066.p... Lag and latency would be an issue Congrats Meteor! but I really find it loading a bazillion javascript files a bit of an overkill. Also debugging is a pain in the butt. Coming belgium this Jan. Excited! For a guy who is not very good at Maths, this was a great explanation. Thanks. I get to see a lot of people giving hate to Javascript for being not a real language. But with TypeScript it really feels like a modern language to build large apps. I love how coffeescript offers high expression ability for prototyping while typescript offers scaffold so you don't shoot yourself in the foot. Velodyne already has their own self driving car. What google is working on is the hard bits like figuring out how to handle cyclists, shitty drivers, pedestrians, traffic lights. Those things are hard. But someday I'd really like to see an open source version of a road capsule. Mainly aimed taking existing cars and running them like trains on a track. 1) Stop when an obstacle is in front 2) Automatic follow the current lane, maintain a safe distance with car in-front and follow the speed limit. 3) Parse traffic lights and be able to make turns. 4) Wait for passenger to get in and out. There's no reason why I can't take a short nap while I'm on a 100km straight road going cross country at night when there are almost no cars on the road. I'm betting that someday in the future we're going to have lanes on road specifically for self driving buses/cars just like we have dedicated train lanes. That's super awesome looking. I signed up just to use the interface. This makes reading corporate memos so much pleasant. Suck at arithmentic. But this took me 20 seconds to write. setInterval(function(){ $("#question-answer").val(eval($("#question").text())).trigger("keyup") }, 2001); $200 million = 200 million users * 1 year * $1. So easy to make a profit with Microsoft's many more millions of customers. User loyalty is a lot more expensive than lines of code. In Canada currently. The salaries just suck compared to states. Yes the visa hoops are less but living expenses in cities like Vancouver will suck everything out of your pocket. Why do people assume the H1-B's are always cheap. MS pays their H1B's incredibly well. Yes its true H1B makes the employee loyal to the company for a long time until greencard. Working crazy long hours are the very norm. But on the other side every good dev I know from my uni in Aus is sucked up by MS, GOOG or FB. They had offers before they even graduated. The most they could get in Aus was 50-80k AUD. In US 120k+ is easy. From the Australian side they legitimately have a talent issue as talent gets sucked to US. From the US side, I see a huge income gap. Tech pays so well the guys are buying big cars and being lavish with their inflated egos. The average american is still on 50k. They can't keep up with the rent rises. Careful what you wish for. I wish other parts of the world could achieve the size of tech the US west coast has. When someone is paying you 10X to what you can possibly learn in India, you're willing to absorb shit. Yes in US terms it could be peanuts but in Indian terms its quite a bit. Work 2-3 years in US and save well, the guy could buy a nice house and India and live decently. No one apart from the US has figured out how to build billion dollar companies like popcorn. Computer Vision guy here. Okay so you've made some improvements for normal users. The captchas are still the old same, just not shown everytime. Still can be cracked with latest neural net techniques. The visual matching stuff can be guessed 6/10 times. You still have audio captchas, that can be cracked. If all fails you still have cheap labour from third world country. I don't see why this is revolutionary? Google will now have their captchas present on every site and start logging user behavior in the name of identifying bots. Who says they won't use the data to drive their ad empire? I made a tinder auto liker script a while back to help my non-nerdy friends out. That's where I learn't about the man in middle attack trick. Very well written I should say. Agree somewhat, but in large companies there is so much politics going on that it makes sense to just quit and move to a more sane place. I work 60 hour weeks on average at one of the world's largest software companies on a paycheck that shows 38 hours official. It pays much better than my home country but if you try to raise your voice that you're not happy, HR will show you the door. If you're on a H1B visa, you really don't want that outcome. So the sane option is to keep your mouth shut and code. Code like your life depends on it. Appreciate that you have the freedom to move jobs, not everyone has the luxury. In Beligum, I rented a VW with adaptive cruise control. It did exactly what you say. I was fucking mind blown. Now the only thing I really want is being able to follow a lane and take over steering and simple line changing. Then I can sit in my car at night, take a nap and end up in san fran from seattle. Highway driving can be severely automated since its long and tedious with a simple task of going on a straight road for ages. Or india will adapt to the autonomous vehicles and drive like sane humans. Its the same in many 3rd world countries. In montreal, trains user rubber wheels. It totally makes sense to have auto-bus lanes and auto-highway lanes where every car on the lane has to be in automatic advanced cruise control mode. I think somebody should really offer scholarship to this guy to study aerospace. Photoshop takes a few gigabytes when all I need from photoshop fits in 800KB. WTF Adobe! Not much. Facebook used a very thorough testing method where it tests millions of permutations of flexbox variables and compares the output with the browser. Thank you so much guys. I think I'd really like to come down and stay here for a while. Love the energy compared to Seattle. The visa just got started recently but last I heard they are still working out the details. I applied for CEC (Canada Experience Class), paid >$4k for lawyer fees but application got rejected saying quota is fulfilled even though the website notes that its less than half filled. Trying now on express entry but I doubt I'll get anywhere. I feel its a broken system which caters to very expensive lawyers as they know the hacks. Thanks guys. I definitely will start a side project and start working out. > Implementation would be another matter as there are a number of complexity gotchas. I interviewed at an internet darling company. They had the main interviewer (who was a bit rude) and another shadow interviewer who takes notes on everything you do an say. All interviews are like this. The coding gotchas quickly make you super nervous as everything you do and say is recorded. You have 15 minutes. Plus whiteboard is not an editor. I don't code linearly like writing a text book. I have come to a realization that fresh out of university me performs better at interviews than 7 year experienced me. I kind of agree with you. They don't provide any interview feedback so there's something key I am failing that I don't realize. You are right. I am blaming too much on external circumstances. Will work on it. See if you like my work at https://nojvek.com (contact at bottom) Interviewing is a hard problem. I've done many interviews at small startups and big tech firms. Its a bit of a hit and miss to be honest. You have a long flight and ended up burning midnight oil last night. They might think you're not passionate enough. You're quite excited about certain things, they think you're trying too hard. you absolutely suck at writing recursive code on a whiteboard, they think you can't code for shit. Some dude on the other side is trying to prove his seniority and intimidating, they think you don't fit in culture. Lesson learnt the hard way: Just gotta keep on trying I wish there was a deeper technical explanation on how they made such a difference with a layer of file system. Would this also improve relational db perf? would be nice if humans and computers could both produce/consume the audio. That way you would have a secret language that you could perfectly communicate to computers with. went to Australia. PR took more than 4 years. I gave up hope and started applying for a tech job in US. Now I want to move back to Aus with wife but the partner visa is so broken. I have to move to Australia, my wife has to move back to her home country. She applies, the govt decides whether we will reunite again or not after 6-12 months. They charge $4500 application fee that is non-refundable. Aus immigration is equally as broken. Makes me want to create my own game now. Impressive job with Three.js. Would be cool if this was multiplayer. I disagree. Before the game plan was to keep everyone in windows. Now with iOS and android killing things it's no longer about just windows. Satya's vision is very different from Ballmer. The big money makers are now shifting to Azure. This means if open sourcing tools that didn't make money will attract more Devs to azure. That is very valuable in the long term in business sense. This also gives Microsoft a good rep and gives a broader reach. Node-WebKit now called nw I think. It's simply a web browser application hosted in a desktop shell with some node services in the background. I have a couple of friends who became parents and decided to take it in chunks rather than a full 4 months. They had a bit of support from in laws, so as a manager he came back after 1 month to ship a release, then wife and husband would alternate so there would be always one parent at home full time while the other worked. I'll be that guy. The chip is cool but still requires multiple components through usb to do something useful. What I want is a $5 hackable phone with battery, touch lcd, camera, wifi e.t.c Great if it has a solar panel and gpio, so I can stick it anywhere and forget about it. Chrome's Dom and painting engine is faster than Edge. That being said Edge just came out recently and is still bogged down by some of IE 11 stuff like the trident layout engine. I'm sure they are really invested to make it faster. Think about it, Microsoft really wants bing to succeed, for it to happen, Edge has to succeed so I'm sure they are putting their best minds behind it. Its a matter of time. I just want node running on chakra on my linux box. Given MS has a lot of money to make from Azure, I see this happening. Chakra started from a clean slate so they could think about problems differently and not be bogged down by v8 architecture. thanks for the insight, this gives a whole new perspective to the way I understood ADHD. Sometimes this is not a bad thing. I started something in PHP an year ago, about 3 months ago I played with node, evaluated it and it felt like it would give a productivity boost in the long term. And it did! I am a lot happier with the new codebase. I guess it really depends on what you're working. CEO: We need X done Manager: That's too short of a timeframe CEO: Buy the Devs pizza every night if you need to, just get it done. I'm not sure why no one mentions rethinkdb. We use it and are extremely happy with both its API mindframe, realtime updates and how easy it is to scale it. I'm surprised no one mentions xhr streaming, if your pipe is only one way i.e server notifies client, then xhr streaming is quite easy to use and as fast as websockets. I really like his 4 stage definition of self driving car. I don't really care about the fully autonomous like the google car. I've driven the adaptive cruise control VW in europe and that was an amazing experience. The only thing missing was lane control which this guy has done. Personally, where self driving really shines is long trips on the highway. All I really want is smarter cruise control that can stay on one lane and not bump into anything, and ideally send an alarm if it thinks it needs help. I'm at Microsoft for 3 years working in Redmond. SDE II. I'm getting paid 120k. I don't know where you're getting your numbers but 250k is very absurd. Rent is getting pretty crazy here, as the only bread winner I am kind of breaking even. Rethink has been my gotodb since last year. Absolute love it. Just waiting for your windows release. Noob question, why don't torrents get transferred over SSL? Let's encrypt is awesome. Thanks for making this awesome utility. I still have little idea how the ACME negotiation work, but its a pretty cool utility. Google is the moonshots and the AI company. If anyone could monetize this it was Google. This really does come as a big shock. Doesn't google have billions as cash. How much of a dent is Boston Dynamics really to the finance sheet. I bet there is a chash of egos involved in this sale. Mind sharing what company this is? I'm 100% sure if I leave to go somewhere else and come back, I'll still make a lot more than sticking around. This is the unfortunate reality. Not at google but MSFT. SDEII. 7 Years of coding experience full time. Base: 110k Signing bonus: $0k cash, $6k in stocks. On H1B visa so can't quit, but as soon as I get green card, I should definitely look around. Geez, you folks are making me feel really bad. Wow! This is almost more than twice what MSFT pays. Mind to share how much you are paying for rent? I'm from Kenya, haven't applied but thinking of. Mind sharing your experience. "Windows is a fully open ecosystem". Uhhhhh right :S I think hololens is quite mind blowing though. I can totally see myself exporting class dependency graphs and exploring them in 3D. Totally agree. I use git for windows with optional unix tools. But having this built in is quite amazing. yeah I understood that as open source. My bad. The biggest problem is not generating. Generating gets you 50%. The ability to then refactor on what is generate is key. How are you going to tackle that problem? How much are you going to charge per conversion? pikii seems to be falling over. I can't load the site at all. I'd love to see a demo of this when the next game of thrones is on. I would like to see a place where I can micro invest in YC startups. e.g $500 - 10k. If YC takes 7% for 120k. It seems 1k is worth about 0.05%. Its a bet a lot of us are willing to take. e.g I don't mind spending 6k on 6 startups on a year, which are YC vetted and are in the space I think is very lucrative. Offering dev time is very hard, but as someone who has worked in industry for so long, we can definitely help with guidance and advice. how many users do you have? how are you growing? the discount model seems complicated. How much are you spending on marketing? I went through the startups, but its really hard to make a decision from the description. I would suggest that the startups fill answers to the YC application form so there is more data and background to ask further questions. Saw the video. Its website -> sketch. Seeing the sketch -> website would be great. Why aren't you guys charging for it right away? That's going to give a good indication whether designer/devs are willing to pay out of pocket. i.e Give 10 free conversions to new signups so users get a feel whether it solves their problem. There after its $5 per conversion or whatever amount you feel is worth. Ages ago I used to convert psds to html by hand. There was this Russian tool to convert psd to html for $3 per conversion. It was my best friend. It got me 50% there and then I had to do the rest by hand. Have you looked into conversion by OCR techniques? i.e someone pastes a screenshot, you recognize the margins, paddings, text, colours, font and spit out html/css I second this. Even if Iran, N Korea, China e.t.c were doing this I'd be very happy for them. Space missiles and nuclear missiles have things common to them, but if the only intention of the folks working on it was to make space exploration cheaper, I'd cheer for them. What space X did landing in the middle of the ocean on a tiny little platform, was nothing short of genius. Wifey not into space tech, but when I explained what this meant, she was like "Wow! I didn't think that it would be even possible to have a stick rocket go up, turn around and land on a little pad in the ocean". That's crazy. I really enjoy hn.algolia.com for desktop. I also use the "Hacker News" app on iOS on mobile. M-pesa is really popular. I was telling my American buddy that a thug in US would hold you to a gun point and take your wallet and cash. In Kenya, thugs demand you to m-pesa money to their burner phone showing you a knife. Would be nice to just go to http://bootstrapcheatsheet.com The url is kind of hard to remember. I had higher satisfaction with my 3310 than any phone I've ever had. It just worked. Nokia really knew what they were doing back then. I had no idea how good accelerometers got until I saw this on the iPhone YouTubeApp. This is cool. Now I wanna shoot more 360 videos. What is the definition of pretty well? Take home more than 200k after taxes? I do agree on the fear of failure part. I've really procrastinated hitting the gym because I saw very little gains the last few months I went hard. I sometimes really wonder, when companies get huge valuations, how much of that just ends up indirectly in some landlords pocket. How do startups even afford to live there? Yeah I don't get the hype too. I used it once or twice. Then I was like "how is this revolutionary?". A new password per team. Nop bop pop. I know of folks who end up many kids to maximize on the welfare per kid. Can you really trust all parents? I've seen some abuse of welfare in my days in Australia. This. Even though my employer provides descent insurance I still end up paying quite a bit more out of pocket then I did in Australia or Canada. Having lived in many cities around the world, I can say if you're poor in the US, there aren't many options to get out of it. It could be said for many countries but US is the worlds largest economy. It's a solvable problem. It's heart breaking to hear stories of people choosing to die than go to the hospital because the bills will kill them. Is there a commentary on Redis source code? Always been fascinated how they implement the data structures. Ubiquity was really awesome. May be I should build an electron app and resurrect it. I don't really think working 3-4 hours for a majority of population will ever become a reality. The biggest expense the working class have is usually rent/mortgage. If everyone makes good money then the prices are guaranteed to go up. This is the biggest flaw that I also find with guaranteed basic income. At the end it will always sucked slowly up with those who own the land. This is awesome. Thanks a lot. What's salt? TOML? First time I'm hearing of it I'm pretty sure this is a take on the popular edm track "eat sleep rave repeat". I'm surprised how much it blew up on this thread. I 100% agree with this. Making a computer understand a domain of text and manipulate it in interesting ways is amazing. Similar is web crawlers. It feels like magic when the product works. I still find the whole "talent war is so competitive" statement a bit of a hype. Is there any data on this? There are millions of Engineers in the US. Sometimes this could have negative impact if promoted too much right? Imagine the feeling that your peers thinking you're in management level because HR wants to meet the quotas and don't actually respect you for the talent. To be honest I am always amazed how many homeless folks and dirty the place is. You hear billion dollar raises all the time but the city seems very fragmented. Vancouver on the other hand is insanely expensive but very well put together. I'd love to hear what things you find complicated. I hear you though. Vue has a great abstraction. Although it does too much magic and quite slow at times. Don't think about yourself as a programmer. Think about yourself as a person having fun creating things. +1 Will this ever be able as a git book? I dived in the GBR, one of my best experiences in life. If my kids don't get to experience the beauty I did, I would consider my generation a failure. I would absolutely love to see this happen. I wish there was a govt user voice where people would vote for their ideas and those with the most votes in a department would have to be looked at. We seem to have a democracy but the only decision we can make is which man/woman leads the country. I work at a well recognized soft company. First year SDE's get paid more than me with a fat signing bonus because they come from Stanford. I've been working for 3 years now. 5 years prior experience. As a L1 you don't have much negotiation leverage. After moving here, I was quite surprised to see a significant number of my buddies had divorced parents and were totally against marriage. US has a good stream of immigrants coming in. Last I heard immigrating to Japan is a lot tougher. I wonder why the Japanese govt isn't opening the gates up to keep the population growth of young people at a steady level Haha nice one. Money enables you experiences. That's how I see it. That is true. You slowly add more black typescript to a white js project as you go along and decide the shade of grey you want. The way I think about this is types is like writing tests for your code. Typescript will fail if the contracts don't match. I'd love to know what you love about coffee? Is it the syntax? I am working on extending the Typescript parser to support coffee like syntax. +1 on this. I would really like H1B's to be a bidding system. But guess who lobbies the govt? Doing it on my own. I really like how I can quickly hack with coffee but I also love the typescript intellisense magic so trying to make a hybrid. The execution is awesome. So smooth. What are you using for the nice animations and transitions? Is it available on iOS? Would make a lot of node modules as functions redundant The way I look at it is you own the app like you own an apartment but you're paying homeowners association fee to keep the grass trimmed, pathways painted and the pool maintained. I believe they've already started. None of my real friends are active on FB anymore. My feed is just pages and ads that I never see. Snapchat and whatsapp is the primary means of social life. Facebook seems like Google now: growth by buying startups. I sometimes do worry about that. If banks didn't create mortgages, would houses be more affordable. It's obscene that I will give half of my life's income to the bank to pay off my mortgage. Would love to have a chat and build some stuff on the side. That was the old IE. Edge is a whole new browser and management has changed since ballmer era. It's like punishing current generation of Germans because of hitler. I wonder if there is a way for automatic Jsdoc to ts interfaces generation. In that way a lot of libraries can always keep the .d.ts in sync or rather users can just generate from the module. I find typescript pays off with the excellent intellisense and refactoring in editor support. They did a great job of having the language service and compiler use same core code base. We should just call it ES15 and ES16. Build stuff you want and you think others like you will want. Basically explore and do things that interest you. There's a lot of value in that. What were the pricing models of JustEat and Deliveroo? I'm so glad I dropped gotomypc and went with rdp gateway. Their customer service is subpar. I tried reporting bugs and no one ever got back to me. I contact them on Twitter and email. Chirps! One day I had it enough and completely cancelled the service. There are better alternatives out there. In a way I'm glad they got hacked. They'll learn the lesson by losing customers and $$$$. I'm guessing there was someone who said they should invest in security but management decided to save money. You definitely need to do some sort of a talk. This are some great leanings. Is react like vdom diffing used anywhere in Monaco / VSCode ? Glad you like it. Let us know if you have any feedback regarding the tools. I'm one of the devs on the team. I hope VSCode has fixed the bug where left side cannot be edited when picking two files. " and have useable developer tools." - Let us know how we can improve your experience. How is this better than double salted sha256. I.e sha256("secret", sha256("secret2", $pwd)) The double sha/md5 would even give rainbow tables a super hard time right? I like this a lot. I had a startup, failed, went back to full time job, save more, start again. Every iteration I learn more. Hopefully someday I'll make it. If their not security worthy can't the browsers just Barr them? There should be a nice democratic way of punishing the abusive behaviors. At least hn should switch to letsencrypt after the douchebaggery from comodo. That reads like a high school breakup text. Let's encrypt is always free. Just needs to be renewed right? What's with the 90day free invention he's talking about? It still surprises me that the worlds largest economy still has ridiculous fees for college. I wonder what impact this has over a 100 year period. It seems the css framework is a bait to get more clients? The home page has more about you than the framework. Not cool. I'm on L1. Worked in Canada for 2 years. The interview was so short. As long as the company is legit and you don't have any bad records on you it's fairly straight forward. You do have to write why your knowledge is specialized though and no one else can do it. For me I wrote about the internal systems that I had a deep understanding and some I wrote. Someone else would have to train for at least an year to do the same. The lawyer sprinkled the jargon but that was the gist. Ha! When I was getting my L1, there was someone who got an 01 because they had more than 2 million hits on YouTube and they wanted to pursue a career in Hollywood as a rapper. not really, hn still uses certs from comodo. cloudflare still uses certs from comodo. cloudflare and hn dropping comodo would have been close to a win I like the new page a lot better. My apologies, didn't mean to hurt you like that. I've starred the repo. Just some feedback. Min seems like bootstrap lite. About 500 lines, which are a lot easier to manage and reason about. The homepage should definitely mention mincss is bootstrap compatible and under 1kb. It loads blazing fast, easy to manage and extend. The cost calculator looks gimmicky. The about me section is very spot on though. Nice work. Great tool. Don't like the marketing spam though. I'd like a scripting Api though. I've always wondered how much of the money YC seeds to its founders eventually ends up in a landlord's pocket? $3000/month on a studio apartment. That's crazy burnout for a startup. Typescript really has more to offer with react. It type checks the jsx(tsx), Offers code completion on components and their properties, you can refactor/rename properties and components throughout your project without side effects. Typescript is kind of blind to angular templates. React offers ability to use same code on server side and client side. Easier to test a Vdom library. It's a lot less complex, it's perf is a lot better, you can live edit. The biggest selling point is you can create native apps using native ui with a lot of code re-use. React + ts definitely give you a bigger bang for buck. I spent 2.5 years of my life writing angular code. It definitely has some good ideas but I won't be investing so much of my time in angular 2 anymore. I like the ambition there. Something as complex as angular will definitely require updates. Let's hope they actually walk the talk. As an outsider trying to summarize the pros and cons: Remain: Pros: Free trade with Eu, cheap flights, move around Europe for jobs. Cons: no control on immigration, cheap labor stealing jobs, shitty eu rules. Leave: Pros: Control over pound. Control on immigration. Control on governance. Cons: taxes on eu trade, can't move freely for jobs. But the Uk was kind of special. They didn't have the euro. They weren't part of schengen zone. Apart from influx of immigrants they had a good deal right? Is the biggest leave argument the proposal to control who enters the border and not pay EU fees? That is a legit argument. Getting very close to the argument: we should fine Boeing because their planes aided in 7/11. The plane was a manifestation of the pilot. It's not like those robots are only made for Snowden are they? This is one of the reasons why I'm really liking snapchat. Every message goes poof after reading and the network is very private. Unless of course snapchat is storing every message. In which case they'd have gigs of my silly selfies. Is it very multicultural though? I've heard from friends who have travelled there that non-white folks aren't treated the same and there's a bit of cultural bias. i'd love to visit though. Not being fully fledged IDE can be good and bad. I'm using VSCode for most things I use VS for. It's super fast to launch, great language extensions, debugger, integrated terminal and tasks. It's like sublime and visual studio had a baby. I have licenses for jet brains but I seldom ever use it. I may also be a bit biased since I contribute to VScode extensions. But I see that as a positive. I use a free editor that I can hack, look at its source and collaborate in the open. I paid a speeding fine in Seattle and paid very dearly with an insurance raise. So much that I had to sell my European car and get a Toyota. Then I learned to always get a lawyer and contest it. Those lawyers have found a good hole to exploit. Cool analogy. However don't some startups actually open up things that we didn't even know were painful? E.g I was happy staying in hotels. I wasn't on fire looking to stay at someone's house. I'm guessing the hosts weren't on fire either having random strangers over. Facebook, Google, Amazon. I was very happy with the alternatives. They just did somethings better. Although Facebook is kind of dead to me. Haven't opened in months. I do like the analogy of getting overwhelmed by customers and having scaling problems. Does anyone know how everything work? Does it hook into the NTFS filesystem with special apis? The indexing is insanely fast. I wonder how they make it happen. I really wish there was a Json oriented db like sqlite. I really like making underscore like queries. db('x').table('y').getAll(prop:true).sortBy('propB').limit(100) Or may be there is and I don't know. VSCode - Not too light, not too heavy. JS development and debugging is a breeze. VLC. Related Popcorn time. Great interface. RethinkDB - RQL is a great query interface. I wish there was an embedded version like sqlite. Chrome-dev-tools: As a JS Dev, love what they've done. Whatsapp - Their focus on simplicity and doing one thing very well. PowerShell Bash Charles Proxy It still baffles my how much google is paying compared to MSFT or Amazon in Seattle. Some crazy numbers there. Have you considered switching to a less beurocratic team/company. I used to be in a place where I'd fight the system. Most felt the system was good enough. Moving to a team where your personal values are aligned with team values, may be you won't need to have those discussions. tbh we don't really know OP. Although It could be that the words OP uses might be offending. I was building http://bewolo.com I slowly started loosing interest in it. It was a market place for experiences. Be able to give issues priorities and sort them with user defined attributes like what release cycled they are planned for. The number of votes / +1s on different ideas e.t.c My Toyota RAV4 has adaptive cruise control and can auto steer back into lane if I'm too far off. I wished that it could auto follow a lane. It has everything that it needs to make that happen. But I also like that they dumbed it down that I have to have the hand on the steering wheel otherwise it complains loudly. Automotive car crashes should be investigated with the rigour of aeroplane crashes. The only way to make it safer for the next driver is to learn as much from the bug here and fix it. I also strongly believe that cars should pass a rigorous test of edge cases and be scored on that. Thanks for sharing. Comemu is awesome. I'll have to find what clink is. Are Indians considered Asians? I don't believe in God or afterlife. My partner does. It makes up for some very interesting but open conversations. Finding open minded religious people is really hard. I'm guessing it's because the beliefs are ingrained from the day they were born. Well in some contries, the media has a substantial impact on the peoples. They make a mountain out of the mole hill for some issues. It feels tech invests money into a city. Not enough housing so rent goes up. The investment ends up in landlords pocket. Isn't it wise for a company to invest in a cheap place with a lot of area around for housing? E.g when MS first started, Redmond was pretty much a large forest. I see a blank screen on phone. This. One one hand the gun makers will go to extreme lengths to lobby selling more guns. On the other hand TSA and friends will go to extreme lengths to make people feel unsafe. The system is broken. It's like throwing sand in the air to cover the sun. Mum did say the girl was disabled. The machines affected the thinking capability. Also putting her in jail after bleeding. WTF! TSA is one of my least favorite experiences. I'll happily buy a season subscription. Stop forcing me into getting the channel subscription HBO. When this guy called "pg". When I first joined HN, I always wondered, who is this "pg". Then I read hackers and painters. O_O when I made the connection. Started working in Http://bewolo.com part time a couple of years back with some friends. Slowly lost interest. I love the new badges. They are very well designed and sleek. Good job. Terrorists have guns, cops have guns, joe and Mary have guns. Go figure. Deaths from gun suicides > deaths from cops killing civilians > terrorists killing civilians. Yes the problem is definitely mexicans crossing the border and Muslims in the country /s This is awesome. What company is this? $10000 per mile is still a huge cost. If human is able to do it then AI should be able to do it. The cost should be no more than reprinting blurred out lanes. If a car can work if the roads are well marked, run it can work in many different countries too. That's a huge boon for car makers. I've been using async await or async yield. Never been more happier. Sometimes I wonder "is America too big to get anything done for its citizens". It seems they are equally opposite views for any law. Plus lobbying means big companies will usually win over citizens. Healthcare is insanely expensive, universities put you in endless debt, police killing more people than terrorists with guns. Would the solution be for the states to have more power? I.e implement the policies state by state? Just the way LGBT marriage and cannabis laws are propagating? To drive a car you need a driving license. To get a gun in the US, you just need to be a citizen. There is nothing stopping anyone from being trigger happy. You hear cases of accidental firings in the US all the time. They were making billions. Why make so much noise when the machine is shittin money. Let the DEA handle that. Probably the same when Morgan Stanley and the big banks were financing the wars. Let the money flow, make no noise. There'll always be a few against. What matters is more than 50% agree on it. Health insurance is a PITA here. Physio in Canada charged me $60/ session. Here it's $240 per session. Insurance pays about 100 but I still pay $140 out of my pocket. America has a crazy obsession of being rich that people will easily screw others to make a buck. It's a very stark difference to Australia and Canada. Or may be outside of Bay Area, not many are willing to put money where the mouth is I've fixed a couple of things in tiny modules. A great experience to get started on open source contributions. Js has fragmentation but what do you expect with the largest repo of packages? Can't put the blame of one bad package on the whole community. If there is a bad package don't use it. I've seen lots of well engineered packages with zero dependencies. E.g typescript. Entire compiler and language server. No dependencies. Es6 is a decent library out of the box. I always only add a dependent if it's something not trivial. A lot of the shitty packages came out before tree shaking was a thing. There is an argument. Should you just have a large hash table of functions that you reference. Those in the bandwagon go for the one function packages. What's with the weird Vdom syntax. I'd really like if authors used something that can be used as jsx. I want to copy my html snippet and only chance the dynamic bits. There should be portability from other frameworks. React's API Base is small. If we think react is slow, then there should be a lighter more performant version offering a descent migration path. They are all based on electron. It seems like a thing electron should do. I.e spit out binaries that use chrome and node in the system. Electron means your app runs on Mac + Win + Linux without much effort. It could also potentially run on the web browser. That is a huge sell. Biggest difference I found was having a fast Dev loop while programming. Using watchers to auto-build and run. Having a good ide with intellisense made a big difference. My brain could be engaged for hours on a problem. I still end up slacking if something takes more than 5 seconds. The brains on a whole level of train thought. canny and adaptive threshold can go hand in hand. i.e you can threshold an image and then apply canny. Adaptive threshold turns the image into binary (either white or black) and it works great when there are big shadows. e.g http://www.aforgenet.com/framework/docs/html/img/imaging/sam... -> http://www.aforgenet.com/framework/docs/html/img/imaging/bra... That would have been another shit move by Ballmer. He already destroyed Nokia and cost MS a fortune. Let's hope LinkedIn brings value with a deeper integration in office. Agree with this. Async await is just a lot cleaner syntax. The problem with callback hell is making sense of flow and handling the error at every step. Promises certainly help but you also see abuse of then callback hell where rather than chaining, someone would nest the thens.async await is also great for debugging. A shell with a great auto-complete and rich input would be killer. I've been using black screen and really like it. Although they use too much whitespace for my liking. His piece on China about being the energy hub was interesting. I always get amazed how much China has progressed being the world's manufacturer. China and India have similar number of humans and land but China is really moving its GDP. Was going to enrol in the course but I hate coming up with new passwords. Please have a Google login. Typescript big value for me is code completion and refactoring. Their language server is like running the compiler on every keystroke. The squigglys are almost the same as what the compiler would say. When third party libs have dts files, it's a joy to use them. Yeah I've had some bad experiences in Kenya too if you don't pay a bit "extra" to move things forward. I've interviewed at Uber as well. The truth is failing / passing an interview is a really bad indicator on how good a coder you are. My uber interview was like any other interview. Don't take it personally. Keep calm and move on. I'd love to upgrade my bike to an electric one. A couple of things holding me back. In Seattle in rains a lot. So for those days I use alternate commute. Electric bikes are pretty expensive. I wish there was a monthly payment option like car loans. Plus they pay obscene amounts of money in lobbying. I'm guessing they are a White House darling. I like Google, they do some good stuff but some practices are clearly just very shady. What happened to "Do no evil" google? Isn't there a law for data retention ? Once you press delete, it needs to go poof in 90 days? A css generator. Niiiice Browsers send queries to search engines. Search engines have ads. Ads shit gold. It makes sense for Microsoft to not loose too much market share to v8 or chrome. What if node running on chakra on azure vms performs amazingly well? I don't understand the hype behind vim. The biggest productivity boost I find is having an editor which has great code completion and error squigglys as soon as you cause an error. Didn't they have code reviews ? I exclusively just use lyft. I've always found that underdog companies give better service. It should be pretty easy to build a plugin that makes this happen. By default I think it auto completes from the buffer of existing document. For me personally Facebook doesn't matter. I wouldn't care less if it dies. I remember when I joined Facebook as part of my university. I was a hardcore user back then. May be this is a bold prediction. I predict Facebook will die a death like yahoo eventually. Most people I knew who were big Facebook users have all moved on. it'll be like having a Hotmail account. The new rav4 2016 SE has great electronics and sensors. I was quite impressed with Toyota bringing some automation. However the user interface is horrible. For a $35k car, I expect some serious software. They could have gone for android auto. But they made some half assed system. entune is ad. I wonder if Toyota will get eaten up like Nokia. I wonder why Nairobi, Kenya isn't in the list. Africa is a humongous continent to only have Nigeria in the list. What is the AI Indian problem ? However like big brother, Google stores everything and runs machine learning algos on top. That's a big no no for privacy. It's amazing this was decades ago. I really hope spaceX ends up landing man on Mars. This was a great explanation. Thank you. I wonder if similar technique can be used for lane following robot that would understand stop signs, traffic lights and avoid collisions. I've been thinking of creating a simulator game for driving, however have absolutely no idea how to program the AI side of things. Having a top year, month would be a 100x more attractive for me. Weekly is too much churn to figure out what is good. Anyone here who came down the EB-5 visa that can tell us their experience? This hits home. Lego mind storms is what made me get into programming. I had so much fun tinkering with both the hardware and software. Although labview based software was utter crap. There was an open source C based version. That was my first building blocks. I'm thinking of getting my nephew one. If my Dropbox gets hacked, I would seriously get very worried. If my Facebook gets hacked, I'd be merely annoyed. I was expecting a more intro-ey layman explanation. This was pretty hard to understand. This was a great read. Thanks. Very impressed with how Edge is keeping up with the new API's. Only downside is its bundled with OS version. I think that should be Edge's #1 priority. Make a edge a browser that auto updates faster than the OS and could be used cross platform. Only reason I prefer chrome is that I know the experience is same no matter the OS + my extensions and bookmarks are one sign in away. With android having 80% mobile share and chrome taking a massive browser market share, Google is the new Microsoft. Edge has a real opportunity to kick ass. Is Loki based on Ubuntu at all? I've just been very used to Ubuntu. The skin looks very pretty. I'm gonna try this out in a VM. Renders great on an iPhone. The zooming is a bit weird. You should look into locking the viewport. Once you get to a zoom level it's really hard to get out of it. He put it very well. I'm a big believer of doing crazy things that the average joe wouldn't do. Nicely written. Although uber and Airbnb are big because of the big VC money that can afford the lawyers and engineers. Not a lot of places around the world where capital + talent is available for snowball ideas. Why does the site need a Donate button shoved in my face. Auto opt-in to mail list is also selected. Also for a petition do they really need my home address and rest of the details? Shouldn't name and email suffice. Happy to sign the petition but not at this site. Is there a way I can send a letter myself to the president? I remember being bullied several times as a kid for being the short, very slim nerd. But being a victim, do you want to sign up to an app? I had to learn it the hard way to get myself out of it. That being said I also know I ended becoming a bully out of revenge. A vigilante bully. That's step 1. Once people get confortable then you move onto the next step. Even lane following is not an easy problem. Interesting you mention that. I am currently obsessed with building a robot with great vision. I.e it sees things in 3D space rather than just pixels. This things can be queried like a Dom API. I'm studying up on udacity about ML and CV. Reading papers and just exploring the domain. I think the future is amazing. Live edit is great. It has its limits though. From a developer what I want is to mark some files / library for 'MRI execution'. When every line is hit in the file / function, it records the variable states, I can know what are the callers, callees, their states. I can go back in time, visualize call stacks as frame graph with the parameters invoked. That's because Microsoft doesn't pay well and the benefits aren't as nice as goog or FB. I'm pretty sure there is quite a bit of overlap between angular and Google once you combine them. Although they need to show how the numbers are calculated. Is it the number of contributions and not contributors? I guess, the part where kids weren't allowed to talk to others come into play. A school trip mean you have other friends with you. I wonder why the transcript is linked from scribd. It makes me download their app and doesn't even open the document. Why can't this just be good old HTML than a scribd walled garden? A horrible interface with ads shoved on your face. I just want to read the whole text without signing up for some stupid app. Why oh why is this so hard in 2016? CEO - Chief EXECUTION officer. Isn't building and designing the "big piece" of execution. If he's involved in the actual execution then that means is a company laser focused on "executing" its vision. I just wish more middle management at my company knew how the product worked. You must be making crazy money to invest that much per week. That's barely my salary after tax. Sometimes reading HN makes me feel really poor There are lots of words in here that someone new to stocks wouldn't understand. From the gist I make vanguard is a good starting point. Is there someone you can call talk for a consultation to explain this in a layman's language? You make a point about SF/America being Darwinist. Compared to the European socialist countries, Canada, Australia, it's a stark difference. Is America too big of a country to be able to fix this? It would be awesome if some of wolfram's datasets were openly accessible. E.g their weather and stock data. That looks very promising. I'm going to definitely check it out. With Africa and I guess a number of other places around the world, being white helps. You can feel a difference of how they'll treat a white person. It can be the opposite too, being overcharged. I know I'll probably get bashed with comments. The protocol is based off Json rpc, over cli. Most vscode language services work this way. It should be pretty easy to hook it up with vim/emacs. If intellisense + debugging get you 90% there, do you need a heavy IDE? I'm really excited by US govt outlining what it would take to make a legal self driving car. I'm also hoping that one of the options is to upgrade an old car to a self driving car with an open source kit that you can buy and install it via a certified mechanic. I think that would be an interesting future I'd like to be part of. It's just not skype, even Skype for business (former Lync) has gone down the drain. It still baffles me why I can't paste 10 lines of code. Copying is wonky, messages go to wrong computer. Calls barely work. Don't even get me started on the UI. tsx refactoring and type checking is mind blowingly awesome. This feature alone makes me choose tsx over angular templates. angular templates are very loose and no property way of type checking it. I've seen some terrible mistakes in angular templates when refactoring. End game is be relevant to developers. There's an entire org called DevDiv whose primary job is to win developer market share. If developers love your platform and tools, then they won't hesitate to use Azure and the other money making beasts. That's right. I always use an accountant who is a family friend. She charges about $200-$300 but manages to usually get back multiple magnitudes of that back. Plus she's always there to answer any questions about what options I have and what should be my best strategy. You should see Toyota entune. New RAV4 SE, awesome car, tons of safety and sensors. Garbage software. I think car makes just don't realize how big of a role, great software plays in how you feel about a car. The biggest attraction for me in a tesla is its auto-pilot. It just keeps getting better. Google's self driving car is still not available for consumption. I doubt European car makers will even get close to Tesla in its software integration. BMW, Audi and family are not as strong a brand as Tesla is. (For me at least) $75k is not a large sum for the amount of trouble caused. I was expecting a much larger number. Oh my god. You are trying to build the exact thing I am trying to build. Albeit you've made much more progress. I'm still soldering wires into the motors. You should take off the paper from acrylic. The transparent effect makes it look awesome. My goal is to make a raspberry pi bot that plays indoor fetch. I would love to have a chat with you. I am actually just working on this. Being able to add commented types to a javascript file and being able to use typescript for type validation. The biggest problem with glass was that they weren't fashionable. It had a very nerdy look. If snapshot can make some nice shit that looks good on me then I'll deffo buy it. It's in the same league as having a GoPro. If with this glasses my pics go poof after they've been since once then I'm okay with that. The thing with Google is they are too powerful. They have all sorts of scary algorithms. They have proven again and again that they will invade your privacy to shove ads in your face. Accepting and not doing much about it is just a great marketing play isn't it. Apple makes descent phones but I think the headphone thing is a big enough deal for me that I'll probably switch to something else. It's very proprietary and only accessible to Google right? I would say the newer nVidia GPU's optimized for DNN have probably brought huge leaps. And they keep on getting powerful every year with more cores. I think in our generation we'll see self driving cars and descent autonomous home / office robots. What I think doesn't get much interest is manufacturing with cells. Most life around us grows from a single cell, how do we program DNA and cells to create hardware that is decomposable/recyclable by just burying it Interesting. Is there a guide for someone who's not a PCB designer to get his raspi project as a custom board ? I want to make a raspi remote controller that controls IR devices around my house via a web app. This would be a perfect, but I have no idea how to get it into a PCB design. Squatters are the ultimate douchebags of the Internet era. I there should be some sort of tax for squatting a domain name. I.e first 10 domains names are cheap then they get expensive. I've some very bad experiences with stack overflow. They are very hostile towards new users and the 50 point system that doesn't allow commenting is very absurd. If I ask a question, I should be able to comment for a clarification right? I wonder if they ever A/B test their point system. I only use stack overflow when Google points me to it. I think SO can do a much better job at making users actually ask/answer questions rather than just use it as a read only site. I am a huge believer of In my new team I got it from 30s to 5s and the effects have been amazing. I have to thank VScode and Gulp to make this possible. With typescript vscode does fast parsing of your code on every keystroke and gives squigglys instantly. On every save, gulp does its magic and vscode runs the problem matcher and shows more squiggly on my editor. The browser knows when a file has changed and refreshes immediately. Vscode has a chrome-debug plugin so my breakpoints hit immediately in the IDE. It's been an amazing experience so far. We've also revved up our CI systems to run 1000's of tests in parallel. You actually enjoy work when you don't spend forever waiting for things to compile. While Germany is protecting their citizens from facebook's shady privacy policies, The US leaders argue about who has more stamina. I'm very happy paying 1$ a year for privacy and security. Whatsapp just re-iterated that they will say anything to fool its users and break their promise. Facebook should definitely get a fine in billions and should be made to apologize publicly for breaching privacy. This is why I think the Tesla brand will be much stronger than bmw or Audi. They are the new Apple who are thinking different. I would love to have someone like you as a mentor. Quality of life at $600 a month is greater in SF than Texas? You must be kidding right. Wow I guess you are lucky. If I died today, there's probably less than 10 people who would come to my cremation. Sad I know but I'm okay with that. I do relate to the dog though, they are amazing companions. I would really worry about depression if he passes away. I've been personally thinking what I would do if I were in such a situation. If I had to purely rely on govt funds and found it very hard to get by. I can't imagine. I can see why so many people want trump. He feeds on the anger at how broken this country is. There's already 10x drones than soldiers. 'Unmanned: illusion of perfect war' is a great read at how autonomous and Video game like the current US military is. This is awesome. I'm going to use this to fingerprint a huge library of tracks in a local language that I have. Does vue use vdom diffing? Last time I played with vue, it crawled when having a large number of bindings. Also it's magical data binding doesn't work very well for arrays of arrays. Google is the Microsoft that wants to cripple competitors and stamp over its users to make a quick buck. Nothing to see here. I love the job ad. Nice work. i'll apply just to see what happens However expect much lesser compensation than google or FB. even HBO and Hulu will pay better. I would love to apply but scared whether I'd be even able to afford living in SF. I am reaching Feynman's "pleasure of finding things out". Gotta say his nanotechnology lecture was ver inspiring. I'm glad we've made much progress on it. I hope this ends up creating tiny super bots some day. The kind surgeons can "hangout" inside a body and perform a delicate surgery. Not related to convolutions but I love how clear Jupyter structure is. I just wished spreadsheets and word files had such simple cell based structure. I'm surprised you think Allo is secure that you can send passwords. With a company who's core business is learning as much about a person to shove ads in their face, I wouldn't be too surprised if Allo messages are logged somewhere so their AI learns to exploit you someday. Website doesn't work well on iOS devices. Can't switch between scenarios. Here's why I am afraid of Google. Google could have the best intentions, but its wife NSA that Google occasionally sleeps with doesn't. Everything you say to Google Home could possibly be recorded. Storage and Computing power for google is cheap. They can record everything you say in your home. Their algorithms can connect all sorts of information about you. If trump wants to create the next Muslim holocaust, Google and FB have the perfect information. This is what Elon means when he says AI is like inviting the devil. We have this algorithm in our mushy brain. Its takes about 20 years to train and lives for about 80 years. Its communication bitrate is pretty low (mostly blabbering through mouth) and doesn't retain much information. Only patterns. Now imagine this algorithm from the mushy brain is run on a silicon chip, with gigabit bitrate, retains almost everything indefinitely and can learn from entire history of humanity. That algorithm would just need to deceive us until it was powerful enough to wipe us in one sweep. Google already manipulates humans psychologically to click on their ads en-masse. Giving them more of your personal data is just feeding the devil. If an atom is .1 - .5nm. That means the transistor wires are about 2-10 atoms thick. About what Richard Feynman predicted in his "plenty of room at the bottom". This is Amazing. Is it possible to have a cube of 1nm transistors. Like a 100 million ^ 3. The cube would have size of 10cm w.d.h. Hang in there. It gets better. I hit rock bottom last year and it sucked. But after a while you kind of get comfortable in the cold darkness. The solitude feels great. I made it a rule to give at least a dollar to every beggar I meet. If I have time then I'll try to strike a conversation. I was exactly just thinking about this. If phone is offline we need CDN's. But then again phone's have to watch out for their precious battery life. With decentralized, you also have a huge issue of protocol. Facebook can upgrade millions of people instantly to new version. Decentralized could be a major pain. Facebook and goog is build by armies of full time folks with average salaries of 150k. Competing with volunteers doesn't get you far. Even the rise of git was because of github. A for profit centralized company. May be the best case is to have open, decentralized protocols, with for profit companies providing hosting and simple signup. ICQ or XMPP, never quite took off like slack. Is it because of the interface? Can anyone tldr this paper? Care to share what games? That seems interesting. How much do you make a month? I loathe being in offices. Especially without Windows. I feel castrophobic. I like to work in big open spaces. At the same time I do love my me-time. So I come to work 10.30-11 and leave at 8. Gives me 2-3 hours after everyone leaves. Those are my most productive hours. Also I love working from coffee shops. It's like you're alone but you have people around. The smell of tea and coffee have something to do with it. In US a lot of paper forms use yy-mm-dd. America has crazy units and standards. After reading "unmanned: illusion of perfect war", it seems American military has more drones than all countries combined. American drones have killed quite a lot of civilians. While I don't like war, it was about time someone gave US a taste of their own curry. I 100% agree with this. If we can make robots that can build things in 3rd world contries with minimal supervision then we can send those bots to Mars. Humans simply require too many resources to survive. I believe Mars should be colonized by bots who terraform a small part enough for humans to survive. Toyota gps is just garbage. Hangs all the time. I strongly believe car makers just don't see software as a critical component. Exception is tesla. Rich guy. Does whatever he wants with his money. 1M is chump change for him to buy influence. Not sure about AI winter. I think a lot of advances are fuel by GPUs, ASICs and colossal datasets. Also opensourcing the frameworks makes it easier for new comers. We can recognize objects, recognize speech, at almost human level accuracies. That's a big milestone when you think about it. Also technology improves exponentially when a ton of smart people funded by crazy fuck you money work on pushing it forward. I was a big believer in Airbnb but I've had some really bad experiences. The refund policy favors host over guest. The prices are usually on par or higher than hotels. Service can be really bad. It feels after growing airbnb lost its ethos. The minimalism he talks about still largely depends on other people helping out. I'm far more interested in decentralized minimalism. Growing your own food, cooking at home, building your own tiny house, solar panels, composters e.t.c Like Gandhi says "be self sufficient" I wonder when the day will come when human like speech recognition, object recognition and muscle movement will have open source models running locally. It's a fantastic achievement so far but the latency of interacting with Siri/ok Google drives me mad. Is there any way to watch this without subscribing to HBO? Legally I mean. The motor driver , speaker and mic are great additions. One thing I like About microbit is its power consumption. It can last months on a battery. I just wished it was smaller. As a software guy who plays more with hardware, I really just want a phone with a gpio output, small form factor and low power consumption enough that it could run off solar power. Why can't we have that? Vision. Vscode folks have a great vision for an open source js based editor. They aren't an add on like Google cloud shell, it's built on ground up to be a developers favorite light weight editor. I'm glad language server protocol is getting more adoption. Have a RAV4 2016 SE. Great car, sonars and cameras everywhere but still very stupid driving at times. I don't mind it, because it keeps me alert to take over at moments notice. I really want to hack the can bus and give it more smarts. What is the legality of that? This is awesome. 8kb is still pretty ridiculous for a routing library. I do like that there is no special integration. A href links just work. Typescript + VSCode. That stuff is crack. "The world is very confusing, and we end up only seeing a tiny sliver of it, but we need to make some sense of it in order to survive. Once the reduced stream of information comes in, we connect the dots, fill in the gaps with stuff we already think we know, and update our mental models of the world." So wonderfully said. I wonder what biases AI will develop in its models I really hope my current air doesn't breakdown. It's proper USB ports, fn keys and built in hdmi port. I use fn and esc every single day. Fn6-8 are debugging continue, break etc shortcuts. I see absolutely zero value in buying the new iPhone or Mac line. Why apple why? Precisely this reason why I am selling all my stock in Apple. Could someone please summarize this? This is a really well written article. Exactly why I love HN. Sometimes you get this nice technical intros into fields you thought were black magic. What I really want to see is the Linux for self driving cars. Ubiquitous, open, verifiable, contributed from multiple orgs/experts kind of system. I really want udacity self driving car code base to be solid enough that I can convert my own car to self driving. Someday This is awesome. I'm loving the model of computation Notes Not the biggest aha. But when I figured out how VLQ encoding works in a source map, I did a hoora! This 100%. It would have been a different show if it was bernie vs trump. In a way, it's the Democrats way of saying "to hell with DNC and corrupt super delegates". The problem with Hillary is that she was seen as a messenger of whoever funded her campaign. That included the ultra rich Arabs, multinational corps, etc. She wasn't authentic. On the other hand, trump was rich enough to not give a fuck and say things at the risk of alienating a large crowd. He really appealed at an emotional level. Hillary was a robot. Holy shit. That made me queer at the same time fascinated Swift looks a lot like Typescript. This is the first time I've read swift code and I'm taken by surprise by its elegance. I'm gonna give it a shot And see their status score which is a result of their credit score, Facebook likes, linked in profile and Google searches. Then you get a whole generation who is obsessed with this score and go to extremes to manipulate them. Yeah it's going to be awesome /s I wonder if any of the researchers evaluate the ethical decisions behind this. Right now it looks naive. We have a president who is very anti-muslim and Pro-surveillance. What if this falls in the wrong hands? What if it classifies the wrong person? Snapchat filters are already racist with dark color tones. I'm arguing that widespread use of advanced facial recognition will be detrimental to society. On the other hand if no one called out on the security holes of flash, and your data was sniffed by the wrong people. A phone is an extension of you. Security is paramount. Nvidia got a massive bump in share price. I was quite sad because I sold all my shares after election downfall. I think this announcement might have caused the huge peak. Could have made 10% in one day. Disagree. Angular is a giant piece of bloated cheap that tries to do everything. I'm so glad someone wrote preact By using tools that do one thing and one thing very well it's easy to couple them together in interesting ways. I think this is great news. Also Shows Microsoft big cow is no longer Windows but Azure. This means software is a commodity, they're really in the infrastructure rental business Single network that works anywhere in the world? Why not? It will be a very disruptive business if he can pull it off I think the answer Obama gave had some merit to it. If Obama pardoned people left and right, trump would start doing the same. If presidents started behaving above the law it could get dirty very fast. Microsoft has this program but it's pretty bad. Only masters courses are allowed with managers approval. Rest is out of pocket. Most managers don't approve. Tuition benefit is very much a myth. Storing state in Dom and reading from it could be dangerous. It's very easy to force layouts when you don't need. Frameworks like react and preact essentially do this. Abstract updating the view in a performant manner. Preact is 3kb. Magnitudes smaller than React. Well it's the same company that creepily gives me a code interview in the app because it knows I go to a software company couple of times a week and pushes a job ad. Uber has a lot of sensitive information regarding users. Who goes where and when. This in the wrong hand can be very disastrous. E.g Trump to Uber: "gimme list of all people who to to mosques frequently. No tax for you." Uber: "Here you go. Just don't tell anyone. " This is the sole reason why I liked snapchat. But now snapchat is getting so popular, the ads are being forced in my face. I'm gonna a probably jump ship to something less invasive. Debugging will even get better. Honestly that's one of the major reasons I like vscode. It integrates deeply with the language and runtimes. It has debug adapters and language services for most major languages. As for performance. When I need to open large log files, I still go for sublime text. If some core parts of sublime were open sourced, it would be a huge. > So my advice is, try to figure out how you child thinks. A lot of this comes down to having empathy with your child and seeing the world from their perspective. Once you know that you can more effectively employ various best practices. Wow, this is very well put. As a JS guy, I open the devtools and just delete the modal div elements. Problem solved. I've contributed to chromium devtools. Didn't any financial kudos. Would have been nice. $175 would go a long way for me. I would buy a RC plane and call it buggy. Chromium being open has resulted in a lot of great projects. I just wished they developed on github. Their bug tracker and review tools really need an upgrade. What do you mean by Typescript Google closure integration? Typescript understands most of closure comment syntax. They should throw typechecking errors which they currently aren't doing. If you're around Seattle area, small Hindu temples sometimes have a festival event called annakut, usually in oct-nov where they make 100+ Indian dishes. Sometimes a 1000. A good time to explore the variety of different foods. I'm not religious but I absolutely adore the Indian rituals and festivals. I read that first and I was like "o_O". After reading the rest I was "O_O". Nice pun. Would be so cool if the js engines ignored types like python3. Then I could just write Typescript and run it on node/browser Here's a crazy idea I've been thinking for a long time. Is tthere a way to artificially create a way to trap sunlight and turn it into gasoline in an artificial process. Basically what earth does in thousands of years but with human ingenuity we make it a lot faster and free reproducible in other countries. I see the core problem as. We already have great gasoline infrastructure. It's very energy dense. We just need to learn how to make green gasoline. JS should just really support enums. Its such a great feature of a core language. I wonder if there is any ES proposal for enums. That's a pretty awesome project. Didn't realize something like that existed. In this case, I think closure should start to understand typescript syntax. Or typescript needs to borrow ideas from closure on minifying and dead code removal. Teslas don't come equipped with a LIDAR, that cruise, uber, udacity and google have been adding as a very important sensor. Lidar sees a 3D cloud around the car with almost a cm accuracy. Better sensors could have most definitely prevented the accident. However, to add to tesla's point. I have a car with adaptive cruise control. Not having to constantly check distance with car head has probably saved me once or twice from a crash. Good auto-pilot's are definitely going to reduce human deaths on roads. Not only just deaths, but the amount of traffic all of us have to endure because someone just didn't keep the right distance from the car infront and bumped into them. I'm all for open smart driving technology. > The flying saucers will have to pay for themselves. “If you work for me, you better understand that,” he says. While I'm all for commercialization. I think a lot of game changing technology takes a while to develop before they can be commercialized. But google having too much money can be a curse as well. Best innovation comes when you think like a cockroach to survive. Github needs to get some ideas from codeflow. It would be great to be able to see iterations of review and the differences between iterations. Being able to see reviewer status. Signed off, awaiting changes, reviewing, waiting for review. I was going to interview for amazon. The recruiters were so disorganised, I just gave up. And an engineer jumping out of the 12th floor because he couldn't handle the culture? You don't hear this coming out of APPL, MSFT, GOOG, FB e.t.c Well Google made a lot of money from ads. They invested heavily in infrastructure, engineers and buying whatever could enhance their reach. Android, Google docs, YouTube, Adclick. All insanely valuable acquisitions. Can't say the same about other big tech companies. It's a great time to be Google Seems like grandfather of babel. Why would anyone use it, when babel has moved miles forward? Thanks for the detailed write up and comparisons. Also kudos for not bashing other frameworks and giving a level headed comparison. Two big things I noticed that drove you away from react. 1) too many subcomponents: I think jsx can be improved to have logic tags within them. E.g and tags that the transpiler can move to ternery and array map calls. 2) too much verbosity: something like mobx or deep-observable can help here. Honestly react has become the Java of UI. Going back to fundamentals. All you need is a tiny library that diffs a vdom tree to real dom. And you need a tiny library that allows you to observe a single source of truth object and connect it to view.update() changes. All in all this shouldn't take more than 5kb of code. We all want: good abstractions, fast performance, actionable errors and small library so the page loads in no time. If I were a petroleum producer, I want to get in the ground floor. If it does make me obsolete, I can adapt and become the big shark in the new ocean. Did you know BP solar is one of the largest producers of solar? I wouldn't call myself a truck driver but I drive enough on highways to feel the problem. Highway driving takes its toll on the driver. You're usually on a single lane, maintain distance from car before and follow speed limit. Just lane following and adaptive cruise control and make this journey a lot less tiring. React as an API is brilliant. A Couple of methods only. The libraries conform to the API and achieve different things. Preact is react but simple. It's very lightweight, readable and gets the job done. Inferno is heavily optimized at the cost of readability. React is the original project which is now a monolith. Smaller than angular but still big. Remember on average every 1Mb of JS Will take about a second to parse and initialize. Smaller, we'll architected libraries like preact and mithriill means you can make pages load within a blink of an eye. How about making your existing car self driving? Your stuff is always there in the trunk, but when you're not using it, it joins the fleet and earns you some money. I really want to see a day, where I drive my car to work. It then drives other people around and picks me when I am finished. Its great that waymo has its own brand now. I really wish udacity's open self driving car takes off as well. I predict there will be a linux of self driving car software/hardware kit that will be battle tested, reliable, secure and solid with contributions and test cases from all around the world. I also really think someone should invent a solution to convert existing modern cars with brake, gas and steering from CANbus to self driving cars by installing a kit. The current car manufacturers can simply make really good cars with cameras and sensors integrated. One can then install open software adapted for the region that is always getting updates. The test cases and lidar data is put in a giant shared repo whose ownership is the community. E.g OpenStreetMap and wikipedia. Same software can be used for smaller robots to dispatch packages to the front door, or robotic lawn mowers, rubbish trucks, cleaning trucks e.t.c That would be a fantastic future to be part of. Let's do some rough math here. Say initial cost of the electric self driving car is $50,000. It has life of 20 years. After 20 years, value will go to 0. Per year: $2500 Service per year: $2500 (HN mechanics, is this reasonable?) Miles travelled/ year: 50,000 (5x human utilization) Miles/Kwh: 3 (based on tesla efficiency) Avg electricity cost in US: 12c / Kwh Cost to drive 50,000 miles: $2000 Total / year: $7000 Cost per mile: 14c / mile Average trip length: 7 miles Cost per trip: 98c (very close to $1) I think this is definitely possible. 1 million miles is unreasonable for humans driving gas guzzlers. Not for electric self driving cars which optimize for safety and wear and tear. They have less moving parts too. There are plenty of trucks, buses and taxis that have done a million miles in 20 years. Inferno only works super fast if you use the babel transpiler that creates the blueprint calls. While this is a great idea, debugging it is a nightmare at times. I'd rather have simple h or createElement calls. I personally prefer Typescript jsx as all my Components are type validate and refactoring is a breeze. What I like about preact is its simplicity. I can debug preact and figure out what's going on. Inferno on the other hand seems a bit like assembly. Reusing property names across different contexts is a no-no in my book. I once worked on a database with generic extra_1 extra_2,... fields. They were abused pretty bad and only one guy knew what they meant in what context. While trueadm is a perf wizard I would definitely love to see some of the opts being done at the V8/chakra level rather than obfuscated js code. the monaco editor code is part of vscode. They do a scripted copy to the repository every now and then. Definitely file an issue if its a bit too old. I don't work on vscode directly, have contributed bug fixes and features but if you'd like to be considered for a team inside visual studio working on web diagnostics, please ping me. The python plugin is excellent. Intellisense and debugging are top-notch. I absolutely love it. Its interesting to see your perspective. I lived in australia for 10 years. I did enjoy it but I had very bad migraines from the sun. Even when I am in bay area, I dread going out in the bright sunlight. I really like seattle due to its cloudy nature and misty rain. Rain does the opposite and makes me happy/calm instead. Chrome devtools equivalent of edge browser: F12 Developer tools. I worked in MSFT in two different teams. In P.*BI the culture was quite toxic at times. The management can be very rough and political. Re-orgs every now and then. Biased promos. Plenty of people burnt out and left. When I joined web diagnostics, it was a whole different experience. Nicest, smartest people I worked with. A different culture focused on building great products users love and helping people grow. Microsoft is a great place to work with very interesting problems to solve if you're in the right team. If you are interviewing at MS, really ask about the team culture and dig deep into it. I prefer open spaces. Mostly due to sunlight and the social interaction. It feels more collaborative. Although I should say our whole team works 1-2 days from home. Different people, different days and we're very okay with that. We also like to leave developers who have headphones alone and only talk to them over skype/slack. Tech company stocks are going crazy. Nvidia more than doubled it stock in one year. I think it's still early but the premise holds true. Once we thought human flight is impossible. Now we can fly 500+ people half way around the planet in a single aircraft because we discovered fundamentals of flight. We're discovering some fundamentals of the human brain. Atleast the audio and visual cortex. Being able to achieve human level imagenet recognition is an amazing milestone. Go was thought to be a human only skill. A skill of reasoning and intuition that could never be achieved by computers. We did it. Technology grows exponentially. With better sensors, labelled data and cheap faster computers we can achieve parity with some parts of the brain. The big question is how can we use it to build a better world. Privacy, security, income disparity and joblessness are very sensitive subjects that need to be tackled in a way that benefits everyone. I did this for my home at a much smaller scale. Using a rasberry pi connected with a IR emitter I can control light switches in my house. Got the cheap $20 for 5 IR sockets. With computers getting smaller and faster exponentially, a lot of science fiction is quite close. The hard part is how we can handle this new power. Facebook face recognition can identify me anywhere. Cars can see people/kids in 3d space. Everything I say can be recorded to speech and be searched . It doesn't take long for AI to realize humans cause a lot of pain to lesser species and eat them as food. They also pollute the planet like crazy and a way to save the planet might be to exterminate some of them. An always on device that hears every conversation on your house. Owned by a corporation who treats their employees so bad that some commit suicide. No thanks. I've been using preact with tsx and inline styles. Every component Is a es6 module that declares it's imports and exports. I have a theme.ts containing my theme variables. There are watchable models. Only views contain tsx and css as js. Views import a controller and mediate events to them. Controllers know nothing about the view and they are the only ones that can modify the model. My application contains a single index.html with entry point to my js bundle, empty body tag and no css. Everything is loaded as needed, encapsulated as modules. The simplicity is just amazing . The way I think about it is react like thinking offers me the most semantic compression in my code. People hate losing control. We know how shit our answer machines are. Google says there algorithms are good but there is no open benchmark of various driving scenarios for which every self driving algorithm should pass. Even openpilot gives a big Blob of binary that I should trust. It's my goddamn life. I'm not going to let a company whose #1 goal is to make me click as many ads as they can run my car. Randallstown Monroe's "what if?" From the creator of xkcd. It's a fun and insightful read on how much goes and analyzes the hypothetical questions I have to say how well maciej writes. I hope someday I am able to write and express my thoughts as well as he can. As a dog owner I really agree with this. I am also building a little rasberry pi robot capable of being a companion for my dog when I'm at work. The idea is if I have a moving agent being able to entertain my dog and keep him occupied, we just need to extrapolate it and imagine robot companions. Securing love, sex and companionship is hard. with the advent of tinder and likes, women can have 1000's of options at their fingertips while men gotta settle for what they can find. The insane traffic on porn sites suggest that artificially satisfying this need is something we will easily accept. imagine westworld like robots created for human pleasure. We have this innate needs and desires. Something that ad companies probe and thrive upon. Google and Facebook are becoming a hoarder of collosal amounts of data, capital and AI talent in the hopes to shove more ads. To satisfy their ever growing share price and do more with less humans. It's a very scary scenario already. Because it's free, all our data belongs to them to endlessly learn about our behaviours and shove ad bait in our face. This is no different than Facebook ads/news feed adapting to your interests and only showing what you like in the hope of maximizing total engagement and retention. We all know that Google/Facebook/Bing build a little bubble for you and customize results and ads based on your behaviour. It's a commendable initiative but the real value of AI is in its data. I think about data as memories. The algorithm learns from its memories and creates a map of abstract concepts and behaviors which it uses to make plans to maximize some goal. Currently in the name of free services the big tech Co's collect petabytes of data about us and learn from it. The data is owned by them. Size of copper atom is 0.2nm. We are already at 10nm fab processes. We can't really get too small otherwise it gets unstable and heat becomes a major issue. On the positive side, electric flows much faster than synapses and transistors are smaller than neurons. So with today's technology if we were to pack silicon parallel cores in size of human brain we'd have a much faster brain. Thanks for posting the link. I just signed up for the course. Always wanted to learn how simple logic gates end up become all purpose CPU's. I've always thought that someday we'll have same concepts in a cell which becomes a full turing machine and anyone can grow it. My goal for 2017 is to finish some of the projects I started in 2016. 1) VSCode extensions for code coverage and inline debugging decorators. 2) Rasberry Pi Self Driving Car. Autonomously navigate from A to B 3) VR Meditation app. You are a god and different sounds of "Om" creates beautiful landscapes and life. From non-technical side I want to: 1) Keep up meditating everyday. 2) Write one chapter of my book a week. 3) Once my wrist recovers, go back and hit the gym. 4) Take some dancing and art classes. How does this work for people who build tiny homes? Every time I visit my home Nairobi, I am grateful for the country not giving out wildlife land to make a quick buck. Seeing reserve parks the size of cities with animals in the wild is breathtaking. But with big parks and poor Kenyans, it's fairly easily for someone to pay $10000 to kill an endangered animal. Rhinos, lions, elephants and now cheetahs. Sounds like a great reset. Congrats (wo)man Congrats mate. My first github.com project made me very proud That sounds very interesting. Care to share what you're working on? I built my rasberry pi robot. Never did any hardware work before. Had a ton of fun. Also did a three.js earth visualization. Want to now build a VR robot for telepresence. This awesome. I've always wanted smarter vending machines. I would really love to stay in china for a couple of months and work on a hardware startup. Its still in the works. I have a github repo with the build https://github.com/nojvek/RasberryPiSelfDrivingCar I want to mount the structure sensor from occipital which gives depth info and be able to build a map of my house. Still a lot of things need to be done but I have ideas on how to make it work. Very impressive demo. I guess this is possible due to great sensors (radar/lidar), computing power (tesla has the most computing power in a car) and good trained deep nets and algorithms (again tesla,cruise & waymo have the biggest investment here) Does anyone know how I can get my hands on a nvidia drive PX2 board and a quanergy lidar? It seems the lidars and such nvidia boards are only sold in huge quantities to auto makers and not as single units available for people to make their own robots. For someone who moved from Australia to US, I don't think America cares about education for all. Only education for the elite rich. Universities should not cost as much as buying a house. The country literally puts a student in debt for life. That's nuts you are correct, the article is over hyped. The current AI is very fragmented and computers can't do we do very easily. On the other hand computers do stuff very easily that we find very hard. As computers approach to things we do easily this is where it gets scary. Its like they have a super power over us. What if someone were to deploy a virus into all Teslas. If you identify a human, then go identify them as a threat and go full speed at it. A simple tweak in the algorithm makes all teslas man hunters. The way I see it is until someone truly hacks Facebook and the data is used for really malicious purposes. Killing actual humans/ destroying bank accounts there is not enough of an incentive. If US didn't bomb Japan, the general public would not have the same fear of nuclear weapons that we have today. Why does it need to be an entire car. I just want a drone I can hook a seat into with a range of 10-20 miles. Is that impossible? Lifting 200 pounds for 20 miles is probably doable with current technology right? I've been playing with openai universe. I would be shit scared by the algorithm that achieves super human ability. With nvidias super computers, big labelled datasets and better algos, it's really hard to grasp what the big player and govt is capable of. As someone who is not a deep learning wizard, I could barely follow the notes and jargon. A part of me feels very scared. What if the big companies do end up replacing millions of jobs. Better than human driving, speech recognition, image recognition, translation, learning to code, knowledge systems. Once you learn how to create a better human brain and make billions of them at scale. The big companies become monoliths who can get as many AI slaves as they need. Do we even need 10 billion people anymore? I would go into manufacturing. My dad has a stake in a steel mill. Heavy industries and robots fascinate me. But right now even though I'm in tech, I can't afford my rent or be able to afford a house. I feel very unsuccessful hitting 30s. I've been going through the online book. I've been enjoying the tutorials so far. Totally agree on this. Making neural networks build a debuggable scene graph is a pretty hard challenge. With the scene graph things become quite easy. This would make an interesting plot for a movie. Someday hacks GTAV ai into Google self driving cars. Suddenly "do no evil" company becomes "fuck the world up" and man tries to fight cars. Anything that has wheels is dangerous to humans! I wonder how this compares to apple's gpu on iPhone 7. Having Siri do local voice and image recognition would be killer. I hate the latency currently for the AI agents I agree. I own a occipital bridge. The resolution needs to get 5x better than retina to be believable. Also 6dof tracking with hand gesture tracking under 10ms is still a challenge. I think it's possible but needs serious hardware advancements. I love my bridge though. No hanging cables is definitely a good thing If you exercise early and hold it for an year before selling them for cash then you pay less tax. The way I see is options only make sense when you have the following aligned. 1) Employer grants options. 2) Every pay check you save enough for strike price and estimated tax hit. 3) Exercise early when the price is low (assuming IPO will happen while you're still employed) 4) Sell when IPO or later when price is good after one year or more of exercise. Or may be sell in bits to stay under the aggressive tax rates. As everyone is saying: do what is reasonable and useful. E.g let's make an online shop. It has browsing, purchasing and admin sections. Browsing is simple. Query dB and show html. It's probably the most used as well and needs to be reliable. Having as different service means admin section could break while users are still able to browse. Same for payments. Sometimes it's crazy complicated. I think of microservices as big product feature boundaries that can work independently. A failure in one doesn't affect the other. Continuous integration: once you have your tests, and some auto deploy scripts, you have an engine. You push code, tests auto run, a live staging is created for latest code, you play with it. Looks good? Merge with Master. It's deployed to production. The idea is deployment is effortless and you can do it multiple times a day just like git push. Tests just don't only have to be unit. We run integration testing features on dummy accounts periodically from different regions in the world on production. This means you are alerted as soon as something breaks. Fast deployment and great telemetry mean you can always revert to last known good state easily. Investing in tests is a pain but it pays off in the long run. Especially if you have other developers working on same code base. Just don't over do it. I believe these ideas came from pain developers actually faced and they used then to solve it. If you're not feeling the pain or won't feel it then you don't need the remedy. What if - by Randall Monroe. It's not a computer science book but has lots of great questions and answers to what if questions. He answers with pretty pictures and funny explanations. I learnt a lot about what I don't know Being able to do rough math off the head, thinking critically and out of the box. Also the book smells good. Most of the time I read certain books because they smell good. Coming from Australia and learning about the indigenous history there, it was quite a shock to learn how the land was stolen, men killed, women raped and the children brainwashed. An entire generation lost. I am in maui currently. It's a beautiful place. While the world is a much better place I'm kind of against a billionaire owning so much of land here and filing lawsuits left and right against the natives. It's their land. Does one guy really need 700 acres to feel secluded? People have lived there for generations. The great thing about hawaii is a lot of places are publicly accessible. I would hate some billionaire asshole to ruin it for everyone else. Is Uber really willing to lose it all? Investors have put money in it expecting 10x return. Google can just right it off as their moonshot project while Uber as as a company goes poof and burns What about all the jobs US destroyed. The world is much larger than the US. Bombing the shit out of Iraq totally destroyed their economy. The ISIS exist because they're US military fucked up big time. If trump manages to close a number of expensive military programs and put the money in infrastructure, I think that would make the world a slightly better place. What I would love to see is an end to end neural network soln. On one end camera input comes through, on the other outputs for speed and steering angle. But rather than a black box, it's explainable what the different layers are doing. If neural nets are turing machines then we should be able to compile some parts of the net from code. Then the net is a library of layers. Some Layers trained with back prop, some compiled from code. I've been there. It feels so good, you forget things and get unfocused This is gentrification for the Hawaiian right? I was just in maui last week and it was beautiful. Mark buying 700 acres just signals other billionaires in a dick measuring contest. Maui real estate is already insanely priced for the average person. I only hope the Silicon Valley dickbags work on fixing the homeless situation in SF rather than making more people homeless I 100% agree with this. Doctors in America are hopelessly bad for what they charge. The system is built on rent seeking behavior. If I don't treat it immediately then the patient will come back again and I can charge him/her a subscription. Health care in America is very inefficient. Mostly because of insurance lobbying and govt that can't make a firm long term decision. I would love to see most common problems be self diagniosable with kits and AI. Problem with basic income is its kind of like inflation. If everyone has money and supply is same then the prices go up and we are at square one. What we need is to dramatically increase supply and make the unit cost much lower. Phones, cars and most commodities depreciate because next version is usually cheaper and better. Land doesn't grow so their prices go up and up. Biggest living costs are housing, transport, education, healthcare. Everyday I shower I realize how lucky I am to have my own hot shower, bath and tub. I am the 1%. 99% of the global population isn't as lucky as I am. I really get a feeling that the discrimination against Muslims will just upset existing muslims in America and elsewhere around the world. Almost 1/10 of the world population identifies with being a muslim. I hope this doesn't backfire on trump that it creates more havoc. America is seen as the Nation of progress. It seems that is no longer the case. I always think about the time when Facebook and Google were bleeding money. They were thought of as terrible businesses. When you have a shit ton of eye balls, you have a money printing machine: "Ads". Just plaster them in the face of users. Now with machine learning and average user expecting little privacy, you can really target the ads and customize it per person. It's amazing Wikipedia hasn't gone in the path of ads. I'm grateful for that. If uber's self driving car gizmo works out, which there is a good chance. They can make zero profit on rides and make them $1/10 mile trip. Make the cream off in car entertainment and services. They can have average person buy the car and rent it out to Uber network. Airbnb already loans money to home owners to renovate their houses. My bad. I took a wild conservative guess. I guess it's 2/10. TIL. It's amazing that as a president you can openly criticise and be racist against Muslims. I somewhat predict a recession coming because trump pisses off some major nations. I really really like Lyft. It seems Trevis is kind of a scumbag, kind of like Trump in a way who wants to win at any cost and has little sympathy for people in his way. Hearing employees at Uber crying, drivers getting scammed into leases, terrible customer support. I'm glad I didn't accept the offer. Convolutional neural nets and backprop. That stuff is magical. I also was fascinated as shit when I learnt about minimax and alpha beta search. Game theory and neural nets have always fascinated me. I've taken a lot of shitty interviews. I have also interviewed many devs. Testing a candidate in one hour is really hard. CV's can be very deceiving. What I look for is folks who are good coders and good communicators. I don't care about culture fit. Our team is diverse from 50 year Olds, 19 year Olds, males females, black, white, brown etc. Having a github profile with interesting projects is a boon. Even better if you've contributed to some meaningful open-source projects. This is great because it gives lots of data. The issues you file, the commits, comments and code give good insights about you. Much more than a one page CV. I use the same question on every candidate and evaluate them. I allow my candidates to use google/Bing, chrome console, whatever resources they would usually use in day to day work. I look for understanding of basic data structures like maps, sets and techniques like recursion. I also give a ton of hints to guide in the right path. I can only help though if the the candidate wants help. Some candidates really don't get the hints even after multiple repeats. Some candidates just dive into code and then get stuck. They confuse them selves. The best candidates are the ones who ask lots of clarifications at the start, they break down the problem into little pieces without writing a single line of code. They emulate a computer and trace the steps in an abstract manner. They think like "to solve Z, I need A then do B and C and D." They then slowly write code for the little steps. I love candidates who can give me a deep dive into a subject they are an expert on. I get to learn a ton on random things. Also gives insight on what makes them tick. Don't give up. Please keep on trying. Feel free to PM me for any help. I really want you to succeed. As a full stack dev, I write recursive stuff all the time. It's a very effective technique. I do agree though? A lot of interview questions are trick questions. Biggest driving cost for driving is humans. Once you have self driving cars, a $50k electric car with 20 year span and a million mile life costs about 5c a mile. Even with servicing and maintenance costs, you still make quite a bit of money on $1/mile. I follow anyone on github who is doing something that's interesting. It seems this thread mostly lists folks with white sounding names. May be because software development mostly happens in the West. When I was in college, I actually believed white people were superior because they had faster neurons. Took a while to invalidate that theory out. One hour Uber. One hour. Just had to support the taxi strike for one hour. Thanks for this. Once this is out, it's going to be have a big impact on online poker games. They way things are going with AI. You have a good algorithm, you can get rich very quickly by being a one man business with hardware rented in AWS. Libratus AI player is modelling it's human counterparts and predicting how they think to outsmart them. When Google started, they got the page rank algorithm and distributed algorithms good enough to run on shitty unreliable cheap computers. They are well on the way to become the world's largest company overtaking Apple someday. Their ad algorithms already know that I am applying for a house loan and are blasting me with ads every fucking page I visit on the Internet. I can totally see Google and Facebook personalizing ads per person and taking advantage of the person's vulnerablaties. Like psychologically modelling them to make them click ads and buy random shit. I can see the start of ultimate God algorithms for marketing. The ability for AI to create drug like experiences for us that we can't stop craving. Not really, cancer treatment is ridiculously expensive. Also aged people put money into the economy in various ways so it's not a lost cause. Aged people are also great baby sitters. You know day cares are insanely expensive. Grandparents are a lot cheaper. Plus let's not kill people to save money. Many chose to euthanize themselves once they become bed ridden. I know I would rather die than live a life where my memory is not functional. If I am bed ridden, I would happily say good bye to my family and call it a good life. 100 is a pretty small amount no? Also NZ isn't known to pay top salaries is it? Are the Australian visa requirements that bad? With the current nastiness of trump, isn't this a great opportunity for Australia to steal some talent. Also didn't Trump tell Turnbull that he is an idiot for asking him to take 2000 refugees when he just signed the anti-muslim order? Where is this based? SF? I wonder if inmates have access to computers, would they become good programmers? I worked on the debug inline values feature. Let me know if you have any feedback/questions regarding that. Its currently disabled for evaluation purposes but you can enable in settings via "debug.inlineValues": true http://code.visualstudio.com/updates/v1_9#_inline-variable-v... I use snapchat every single day. I know my friends who've moved off facebook and Instagram use it extensively too. Its the facebook for young people. No one I know who is under 20 uses facebook anymore. Mostly because their parents are on facebook. Snapchatters post a lot more stuff that they won't usually post on public social media. After 24 hours it goes poof. I expect a dip after IPO and then a nice rise like facebook once they figure out how to advertise to the teens. Worth a wait and then buy once all the adults think its worthless. Microsoft is moving away from source depo to git it seems. I think its fantastic that a company like Microsoft is adapting git for its big king and queen projects such as office and windows. Also open sourcing the underlying magic tells a lot about the new Microsoft. They're really moving away from not-invented here syndrome The read is just fascinating. I have sleepless nights sometimes thinking about DNA cell manufacturing. If we could program DNA, understand it structure, can we just manufactor, houses, cars, and machines from a seed that you drop into water and it grows into a design of your choosing with the help of sunlight. Where can I find more information about how DNA actually ends up creating a little cell. Google is not any better either. I see a website about loan rates and it's blasting me with bank loans. Everything I do on the Internet is being tracked. A profile of me is developed and I get precision targeted. It's like they have an AI that will do anything to make you click an ad. Nothing you do is safe on the Internet. I sometimes get a feeling that may be Chrome itself is tracking every website you visit and what you click. This would deter a lot of high skilled immigrants coming into Canada. Waiting 6 years to buy a house is crazy. They'd move elsewhere. If you have a permanent residency, it should not incur a tax. Create a resume. List your OS projects and the impact you had. List your github profile and the technologies you're proficient in. Just having a good github profile is really going to take you far. And then apply to places and follow people you like to work with. Occasionally retweet them and kindly ask if they could refer you. As someone who can go through algebra and linear math this was wayyyy too heavy me. It was very hard to follow and map it to how to code such an algorithm. You really need to give a number of examples. Remember human brains are fast example based learners. We see patterns and make abstract concepts out of it. Here the abstract concepts is the crazy math. The facial expressions were pretty mind blowing. I sometimes think with VR and graphics getting so good, will some gamers actually spend more time in virtual worlds than the real world Not my field but 3D reconstruction and vision to scene graph is amazing. From a single camera, being able to create a video game version of it opens a ton of possibilities. I predict a video game version of all the roads, lakes, buildings of our real world. This will change real estate websites as well. I can just query for houses with X visual features We want the cheapest cell phone and nike shoes. We really don't care where it comes from. We just want our friends to know we are at the top of the status pyramid. We are animals at the end of the day, each trying to maximize our goals of survival and climbing the social hierarchy. Replacing horses with cars, bulls with tractors and humans with robots. This just means a set of humans are amplifying their power to do more so they can gain more. Thanks for the link. This was a great read. Agree on this. My peers at BigCo who were citizens made a bit more than I did and usually got promoted quicker. Managers had the pressure of retaining them otherwise they would leave. Immigrants don't get that option. May be Elon's satellite cluster will come and deliver the deathblow. Fast, cheap, anywhere, wireless. Search ads is still growing. Isn't Google all about free services but invasive ads paid by businesses Or probably innovation just doesn't happen in the name of fear. Worse because of the patent trolls someone ends up releasing targeted crispr viruses unleashing another black plague Consumers want the best service at the cheapest price. Producers want to maximize the profit on products and services. Advertisers want the best return on investment for their ad dollars so they also maximise profit. This are fundamental thruths of the market. It's why Google and Facebook are behemoths. The only way to win the game is precision tracking, addictive services and building good models of customer behavior for advertising. That's not necessarily true. There is some limit to what we consider fast Internet. Suppose you build a pipe to provide 1gigabit/person that should he more than enough for the future. Multiple streaming HD videos /person in peak time. That capacity should last quite a while I once dabbled inside vscode tokenizer code. There is a lot going but putting tokens in a buffer took me by a surprise. It was a very smart implementation. I think it's their focus on performance and good architecture that makes vscode stand out. Sure sublime also has great engineering behind it, but being able to contribute and look under the hood of tools, we developers use is very exciting. It feels like a very democratic process. I remember filing the mini-map bug in Monaco, I'm so glad to see they are working on implementing it in a performant way even though it will require large rewrites of their editor rendering code. I think GM is in a great position to compete with Uber and tesla if they capitalize on the tech. As a customer I'll still be happy with multiple choices driving prices down and offering a better service than buses and taxis. God I hate buses in the US. Public transport is very broken. I'm curious how much does it cost to rent for 3 months near YC campus for 3 months? I would love YC to open satellite offices in Seattle and Vancouver. Both have great talent pools. YC should at least do an experiment. Same time zones and not too far from SF. I'm under the impression that when pi4 will be released it will have a powerful gpu to run neural nets. Now that tf is getting optimised for low end devices and models are getting open sourced, it would be possible to run live offline image recognition and speech recognition on pi. I imagine a proliferation of robots, security cameras and smart open source siri/alexas It seems that having great speech to text would make remote teams workable. Meeting notes are automatically taken and organized into a searchable journal Not much left in Seattle under 500k. The market is pushing the prices even higher. Seattle average is 180k and Austin is 198k. That's insane. What companies are offering this crazy salaries? The team working on office for ios wasn't allowed to ship because they didn't want ios to gain share against windows phone. Satya came from cloud and enterprise (c+e). His big bet was on the fact that everyone will have a computer in a pocket augmented by the cloud. Capitalizing on that was very important. Windows growth had been stagnant and ballmer lost the mobile opportunity. Satya encouraged open source at Microsoft and putting customers need first. I was part of this transition and the change was definitely felt. He deeply understands where the puck will be rather than where it is. When everyone working 40 hours they are getting paid a lot more. They can afford high rents and mortgages. Even as a software engineer I struggle with rent and don't leave much for savings. When a robot is doing low skilled jobs and education is insanely expensive like it is now, the gap is inevitable. Capital buys AI allowing one person to do the work of many and reap the rewards of it. America is built on this very idea. I really like what safari has done with its devtools for the style editor. Right-click inspect element selects the element you want to modify. Then change CSS properties in a GUI editor. Only problem is persistence. I love designing and tweaking with devtools iteratively. A lot of things are done in editors because it gives you a lot of control of logic. Designing assets in visual language like flash makes a lot of sense. Unity has the same idea. Create your assets visually and assign behaviors to it via code. Their GUI/code fusion is pretty cool. Writing a public var in a class exposes it in GUI and makes it bindable to other things via click and drag. America is built upon the idea of cheap labor and fat profits. Everyone for themselves. Unions won't do much. Automation will only make things worse for poor and uneducated. Humans are selfish by nature driven by financial rewards. That's what I thought too. Dark means the repo is private. If you fuck up, the world won't see White means, anything you do here is publicly visible. Seriously github.com can we please use the black to give some meaning. I don't want my public repos to have black headers. > Indians are generally too stupid and banal in conversation IMO Way to generalize 2b people. Wow! For $12m it seems like a bargain. We are just selfish agents who only cooperate when it benefits us in the long term. The world doesn't give a shit about you. I used to be a big fan of airbnb when it got started in the spirit to support YC companies. Over the last couple of years all my experiences have been crap. I've lost about $1000 in non refundable fees because I've tried to cancel hosts who had almost unlivable places. The review system is gamed and the whole things feels like a giant scam now. I never use it anymore and back to reliable hotel chains that guarantee some sort of quality. I take a bus in the morning. Everyone is staring at screens. I don't see why another version of Google Glass isn't going to make a come back. Something less invasive and dorkier. We just want the info right in front of our eyes. Something that augments us as a human directly. For a lot of single page applications, javascript makes sense. Less data to load from server on subsequent requests. Your app is a lot richer. Sure you can disable js, but for the majority the Web would be really broken without js. As a culture, tracking is everywhere. Disabling js still logs your up, referrer and a bunch of other things. I do like what uorigin/adblock and other extensions are doing. I never understand why America spends an obscene amount of money to make technology to kill other people. Education is suffering, public transportation and healthcare is ridiculously behind western nations but military still gets an insane budget. I would like Google and Apple to really up their game on security. What really stood out to me was Melinda going in field and talking to women. The sex worker story really touched me. She is worth billions and could be living a life of ultimate luxury. She instead prefers to strongly fight for empowering women. I hope Bill, Melinda, and Warren live a long life to be able to fulfill their goals. In this age of digital instant copy, Facebook has made a lot of things the norm. I watch TV shows and cyber stalking is seen as normal. A good friend of mine was blackmailed by her boyfriend that her sensitive pictures would be released on the Internet if she didn't return his calls. It was the first time she realized that what was considered silly can really be very serious. She deleted her Facebook and Twitter account. I really want to see a big hack, sort of a global financial crisis level on the surveillance govt is collecting for people to realize this shit can really fuck society up. His biography "wings of fire" is very fascinating. Someone needs to make a summary of the top papers and explain it in a way lay man can understand. I would pay $500 for such a book/course explaining the techniques. I've been reading a number of this papers but it's really tough to understand the nitty gritties of it. Promises solve callback hell. Async await makes it even cleaner. I think the way author is explaining is weird. It's very hard to follow logic when functions are declared all over the place. First I want to say, "you folks are awesome". Suppose someone found a great algorithm for drone control based on your simulator and decided to mount a gun on the drone and kill a whole bunch of people. With all the hotness in AI, rich simulations and algorithms, what steps are you taking to ensure power doesn't fall into the wrong hands? Running neural nets on a standard mobile device will be game changing. I can't wait for mobile devices having custom chips to do AI related tasks. I'm predicting in a decade we'll have offline speech and image recognition running on the phone. Hopefully the ASICs are fast and open enough so we can see some open AIs who respect our privacy and security concerns Thanks I'll check it out. It's amazing that with the forces of globalization and Internet we think of the planet as whole and then a new government flips to us vs them mentality reversing peace work of years. Less humans kill other humans now than ever in the past. I wonder if the media is to blame for the fear mongering? I saw your website. It's great. I would advise networking and attending meetups, asking for referrals. Every job I have is mostly due to referrals. Someone putting a good word on behalf of you means a lot. Also don't fire and shoot. Target like a sniper. Just curious why are MRI and CT machines so expensive? They are the ultimate tool for debugging the human body. Shouldn't they be very affordable? I call it apple's fault. Why is it even a way to remove "while using the app" from the fucking option list. A lot of apps abuse that functionality. You do realize that Uber is heavily subsidized by their massive investments. Notably from the Saudi Arabians princes recently. They are literally burning other people's money in the hope that someday they'll get self driving cars and eat the world for lunch. Gm/cruise/lyft is well on their way to make this a reality next year. Tesla has their eyes set on their own network. Future doesn't look good for Uber. Sure you'll get cheap Uber rides now but their entire business model is not sustainable as it is. Why can't the driver phone be connected to rider via peer to peer. Driver sends position updates to rider in almost real time while occasional batch updates to server. The fanciness regarding position, why not show a halo like most gps apps showing degree of accuracy? You could all show a slight tail of previous path to give an idea of direction and speed. I think the current uber/lyft ui experience is subpar and can be improved. I believe a large part of America wanted to say "fuck you" to the big system. Trump was the candidate for red states, Sanders for democrats. I do agree with some of trumps policies. I don't agree with his behaviours though. The simplistic tax reform makes sense. A bigger deductible would mean poor people would have middle class would have a larger net gain. I support infrastructure investment. I support stricter high skilled immigration. Server can be initial handshake initiator and then p2p can take over. Webrtc already does this. I wonder if spaceX is going to send a permanent colony of bots on moon to make a base there. The latency is a lot lower than Mars and would make a good start. Sending a couple of humans around moon for tourism is a waste of resources. We are getting to a point where "trust" is the biggest issue. Can you trust govt, big corporations, universities? It's like everyone is optimizing for their gain and deceiving the other side with what they need to hear. We are in the era of information overload without a good way of filtering fact from dogma. I hope there is some development of good AI that helps the average Joe hunt this facts down for him/her. Google's fact verification algorithm is in the right direction. Can we trust it? I hope Facebook implements something similar but that's unlikely since they're in the entertainment and ads business. I really hope orgs like openai are able to create something like this for the world. Old Microsoft was super aggressive and alpha. Not sure about the harassment though. It's now a calmer behemoth. If travis is the hero of Uber who employees rejoice then him stepping down would be a death blow to the Company. At this point Uber has got fuck you money to keep on burning employees. Employees have golden handcuffs that don't come off until IPO. The best people can do is not get a job at Uber. The existing employees start quitting en-masse or a major internal data leak. The revolution needs to come within Uber. How much computing power does this take. When do you see open source implementations running on mobile devices offline? But when a driver goes above and beyond, it feels good to tip. One driver offered me water and a towel when it was too hot. He genuinely gave a shit about me and lyft made tipping easy. I found lyft's customer service better. Honesty lyft's pink branding and mustache logo gives off a fun and underdog vibe. Not many companies go for pink. Their 50% female executive represention probably plays a role. Uber on the other hand with black/silver gives off a very strong corporate "we're gonna fuck you over if you don't play by our rules" vibe. This are emotional arguments but that's what branding is all about. That is assuming snapchat is a media company. It's much as a media company as Facebook and Google are. If they can increase their IPO value with ad sales, they'll be doing so. 40% market penetration for youngsters is solid. I use snapchat every single day. Not a Facebook user anymore. They've got a really stronghold on 18-25 year old market. Facebook sees snap as a threat and they literally ripped snapchat in whatsapp "status". I can't say that it will beat Facebook but I'm willing to bet it will be more valuable than twitter. I will buy if it's share price is not too hyped. Any good links you recommend learning xgboost? I've never quite figured out how they work. Have you tried VSCODE, their open language server protocol means that most popular languages have code completion, refactoring, code lens and debugging support. It's totally free and open source. I was a hard core JetBrains user but vscode has been amazing. They even got minimap like sublime in last release. Every month they move at an amazing velocity working on features devs ask for. I feel it's the modern democratic IDE This is great. Does it do any screensharing? This is pretty awesome. I got a good recap of what I did over an year. Github should have something like this. Although some of my friends have a lot more commits than I do. Makes me sad. Do men rape every women they find attractive on the street? We are human because we can resist the urge. Yes, women will be attractive to men and vice versa, its biological, but a tank top and I guess nowadays yoga pants are quite normal. Not getting promoted because you wore tank top a couple of times is like saying to a guy "you wear shorts and your calves are sexy, so we won't promote you". The fact that a female manager says that means, sexism is rooted deep in "Uber" There's always the opportunity cost. What if the next Steve Jobs, Sergey, page or any number of immigrants who started successful companies don't come to US but go somewhere else. Making the world scared of coming to US can have irreversible effects. Is the logic here that by slashing NOAA funding, no real claims of climate change will be made and Trump will prevail? Can you not sue modem providers for false advertising? America is a litigious country, I wonder why this hasnt happened? I filed a FCC complaint on Frontier delivering 10th of their speeds. They gave me an upgraded connection that gave me full 30Mbps within a week. The only way Corporations are going to learn how to back off is when they have to pay for their mistakes. Hahaha! This was awesome. "When daddy loves mommy, he buys her a server"