> I'm strongly in favor of allowing more efficient video formats to be used in their place anywhere that supports animated GIFs because that actually kills their niche. Haven't the sites that can be bothered to encode animated images as MP4 already done so and switched to the tag? Who is left now in 2022 with GIF that would actually switch to MP4 and not just keep GIF, support for which seems to be in no danger of being removed? Especially since you'd still have to worry about backward compatibility, because neither Chrome nor Firefox have implemented mp4 yet. > Having to individually play each reaction image would make them unusable. Good, I'm not a fan of them ;-) > The proper way to handle this is to respect the prefers-reduced-motion CSS media feature. There's a big difference between clicking to play an animation and never playing an animation. The element uses the former. But prefers-reduced-motion seems more appropriate for the latter. In any case, why wouldn't prefers-reduced-motion also make reaction animations unusable? > Also if you forbid animated gifs, you should go one step further and forbid animated SVGs! Nobody is suggesting to forbid animated images. The suggestion is that they respect the user's autoplay preferences, so you can make them click to play, like a video. > though autoplay is often abused by (American, for some reason) news sites to dump their stupid ads onto me I discovered this feature from an ad on CNN. > In other browsers you may need an addon to accomplish this. That's the problem though. I make an extension that stops autoplaying videos. But the extension doesn't work on mp4, because has none of the API of a element. There's no autoplay attribute, there's no JavaScript play and pause, no video controls, no DOM events. The mp4 is effectively walled off. > This would guarantee that `reduce` doesn't break any existing experiences, while still providing the option for those with vestibular motion disorders. I don't have a vestibular motion disorder. I just don't want videos to autoplay. A lot of people don't want videos, or gifs, to autoplay. Do we actually need anything other than the existing "Never Auto-Play" preference? > I love animated gifs that auto play That's fine, as long as the browser respects user autoplay preferences, then every user gets what they want. > So much great internet meme culture revolves around gifs Technically speaking, it's not clear how much this is true anymore. Many sites such as Twitter use rather than GIF. I love gifs in the loose sense, i.e., short-form videos. But from a technical standpoint, gifs are kind of an abomination: "The Graphics Interchange Format is not intended as a platform for animation, even though it can be done in a limited way." https://www.w3.org/Graphics/GIF/spec-gif89a.txt > Apple's CEO, COO and "head of services" all have degrees from Duke University Why do you mention this? Duke awards thousands of degrees every year. It's a highly ranked university, but the number of people in the world with degrees from highly ranked universities is massive. It's not rare. > I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are foolish and misguided. I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are gods and not fallible mortals. All humans make mistakes. Very bad mistakes. Even very smart people. Depending on circumstances and level of power, some people suffer the consequences of their mistakes, and others don't. One common mistake of leaders is to surround themselves with "yes men" who never criticize them or tell them the truth. Leaders can become very detached from reality, but their power allows them to survive and even thrive in a state of reality detachment. And these leaders always have people who will defend them no matter what and paint them as infallible geniuses because of their power, which is part of what contributes to never suffering the consequences of mistakes. > The chances of the top three (four?) executives at any given giant multinational company all holding degrees from the same institution is pretty small. Not really. Colleges are social networks. Alumni favor each other. Facebook and Google were both founded at colleges. > I don’t think there is an intent to malign Duke I read it the opposite way, as attempting to say that having degrees from Duke somehow makes Apple leadership uniquely capable: "all have degrees from Duke University and 30 year careers in supply chain management". > but it is noteworthy. It's some interesting trivia. But it's not clear why it's noteworthy in the context of the discussion of secrecy at Apple. Tim Cook got an MBA at Duke, Jeff Williams got an MBA at Duke. Tim Cook was at IBM, Jeff Williams was at IBM. Tim Cook joined Apple in operations, Jeff Williams joined Apple in operations. Do you think those are all just random chance coincidences? > people who have prefers-reduced-motion enabled most likely don't want animating reaction images (they're a perfect example of the sort of motion that this setting is supposed to suppress). I don't want AUTO-animating images. That's a crucial distinction. I still want to be able to see the animation, if desired. It should be under user control. Reduced motion is not the kind of thing you can trivially turn off and on. You have to go layers deep into settings to find and change it. This is why click to play is the correct answer here. > What I'm curious about is why they thought they were right when they made the decision. This may be important to determine liability in a malpractice lawsuit, but otherwise I'm not sure why we should care much why someone was mistaken if we're all agreed that the decision was mistaken. The difference here is that we're not even agreed that Apple's culture of secrecy is wrong. It's a controversy. If we're talking about a diagnostic error by a doctor, we're assuming there's no controversy over whether it was actually wrong. Two vastly different scenarios: 1) Tim Cook made a mistake but made the best decision he could given the information at the time. 2) Tim Cook didn't make a mistake. If you're willing to agree on 1, and that Apple's culture should change, then I'm happy to grant you "made the best decision he could given the information at the time", or at least not argue it too much, because the culture is the important matter, and not the thoughts inside Tim Cook's brain. "Assume he's smart" is vastly different than "Assume he's right". There are many times in my career when I look at code that I'd previously written and wonder "What the heck was I thinking???" It's an interesting question psychologically, but still, I fully recognize that the code I wrote was bad. And regardless of how much time I spend on post-mortem analysis, the crucial thing is to fix the code. > You can remember them. Can you? I can remember some domains , but I can't recall many full URLs that I remember, except perhaps some that I use almost daily. Certainly not a blog post that I'll read only once. > You can tell someone. You can even say it out loud! If the other person is going to write down the URL, I'm not sure there's a difference here. Giving someone your email address over the phone is already a painful experience no matter what. Always have to make sure the dots are in the right place. And if the first point is wrong — "You can remember them." — then making it a little shorter over the phone isn't all that advantageous, because they're going to write it down or type it anyway, not memorize it. > During the 1880-1950 we were causing massive disasters all around, literally nuking cities. But that period is also where we came up with virtually all of technology that makes the modern world: cars, planes, radio, computers, nuclear power, jet propulsion. What is your concrete suggestion for taking more risks? Surely not nuking more cities? Having more world wars? Shall we declare war on Russia and send troops to Ukraine? Would that create more "progress"? > Otherwise, it has been a time of stagnation. How so? To take one example: we had a killer virus come out of nowhere, but we were able to develop effective vaccines for the virus almost immediately. The "slow" part was just the safety testing, not the vaccine development. Would this have been possible during the 1880-1950 era? Science and technology continues rapidly; I'm quite puzzled by the stagnation comment. In 2022, we all have computers in our pockets that are vastly more powerful than anything from 1950, and we can use these pocket computers to instantly communicate with anyone on the planet. > We are on the brink of world war three and the UN's only reason for existing is to prevent that from happening again, but instead of doing its job What do you think the UN is supposed to do when one of the permanent members of the Security Council with veto power decides to go to war? The foundation of the UN depended crucially on the temporary alliance between the United States and the Soviet Union during World War II. This alliance quickly fell apart though, leading to the long "Cold War", which arguably still exists, apart from a short lull in the 1990s. When the US and Russia are at odds, it's almost impossible for the UN to perform its function. The veto power of the permanent Security Council members ensures that the UN has no enforcement mechanism over those individual nations. This was by design of the founding nations: the United States and Soviet Union never gave the United Nations the power to constrain the United States and Soviet Union. Having said that, World War III not inevitable. There were only 20 years between WW1 and WW2, while we've gone more than 75 years since WW2, so maybe the UN has done its job? > I want less government in every way - let local people decide for themselves what they want to do. Have you considered that local people might decide to form tribes, arm themselves with weapons, kill a bunch of people, and impose their own new government by force? This is what often, perhaps inevitably, happens when there's a power vacuum. The United Nations was formed in the aftermath of World War II, during which local people decided what they wanted to do was invade other countries and commit mass murder. "If government just gets out of the way, then everyone will play together nicely and peacefully" is never how it works. The key is to maintain a healthy balance between government and personal freedom. It's a difficult balance to maintain, but the alternatives — authoritarianism or anarchy — are always worse. > War driving technology forward is a pretty popular idea I would say less morbidly that government investment often drives technology forward. Sadly, wartime seems to be the only time when many people are willing to invest in government. > it's plausible that if modern society survived WWIII it would create more progress... for the survivors. That's the problem with war driving technology forward. The military technology has been driven forward to the level where modern society surviving WWIII is questionable. > So if let's say, Myanmar doesn't stop using CFCs. What's your solution? Send in some Blue Helmets to enforce global law? But this is exactly why UN conspiracy theories are such a joke. The UN hardly ever enforces anything, because they can't. And the few times it does, it's typically US soldiers operating only nominally under the UN. The UN is a bogeyman for ultranationalists, but it's mostly just issuing advisory guidelines with very little force behind them. It's not a global tyranny. > A few hundred million will die in the top end of what we expect, but that's acceptable. And this is clearly the position of most people, so I'm comfortably in the majority here. Citation, please? I'd love to see the polls saying that several hundred million deaths are ok with most people. From what I've seen, increased government action on climate change polls very well among the public, e.g., https://www.pewresearch.org/science/2020/06/23/two-thirds-of... Abstract: "Americans’ hostility toward political opponents has intensified to a degree not fully explained by actual ideological polarization. We propose that political animosity may be based particularly on partisans’ overestimation of the prevalence of extreme, egregious views held by only a minority of opponents but imagined to be widespread." You: "There's objective measurements that the democrats moved far left creating the polarization." Hmm. Could it be that you're... overestimating? > As I said... wilfred social science... I don't know what the point is supposed to be here. > Here's a nice visual graph that I like: https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/06/12/7-things-to ... > Go put your finger on the republican line and see where it moves. Ok. I downloaded the gif and went through it frame by frame. What it shows is that the Median Democrat stayed exactly the same during 1998-2011, while the Median Republican moved right the whole period of 2004-2011. Anyway, this story is from 2014, so it's missing the last 8 years. > That's a long way from "nothing is happening." Who are you quoting? Nobody said that. This seems like a non sequitur. 1) Do you have any evidence that the price of gas affects who people vote for? (And what about the prices of other things that are vastly more expensive, like health care, education, and housing?) 2) Do you actually believe that in a privately financed duopoly, elected politicians are responsive to voter preferences as opposed to donor preferences? For example, voters overwhelming favor campaign finance reform. Whereas campaign donors and elected politicians overwhelmingly disfavor campaign finance reform. 3) Does most of the public actually understand and believe in the consequences of climate change, in the stark terms that you've stated? Whether the public favors a particular course of action at the present, and whether the public favors the ultimate consequences of that course of action, are two entirely separate questions. The fact that you, by your own admission, are perfectly willing to participate in killing hundreds of millions of people, with foreknowledge and eyes wide open, doesn't imply that everyone else feels the same way. One does not simply become a fascist dictator without a large number of fascist followers and sympathizers. It's not like Hitler invented racism. He was charismatic, and thereby became a leader of the movement, but he wasn't a magical pied piper. He told people what they wanted to hear. Anyway, I'm not sure what the argument is supposed to be, because there's always someone instigating. The Hitler example just reinforces the point about power vacuums and weak governments. Hitler only served 8 months in prison for a coup attempt (the Beer Hall Putsch) against the Weimar Republic, an extremely weak response that did almost nothing to stop his rise to power. > Just conventional wisdom that inflation is bad for votes. This was my point in mentioning the prices of health care, education, and housing. You switched the argument from gas inflation to general inflation. High gas prices are annoying to anyone who buys gas, but there's no reason to think that gas prices in particular drive votes, or that voters would prioritize gas prices over global warming. > what’s the evidence that they actually favour campaign finance reform? It’s one thing to say it. It’s another to act in a sense where it’s a priority. If the only options are vanilla and sherbet, how do I express my preference for chocolate? Voters don't get to vote on policies, they only get to vote on individual politicians, on one day every 2 to 4 years. It's not much of choice, very hard to express your individual policy preferences that way. A politician is a collection of a number of different policy positions, although the connection between what the politician says and what the politician does is tenuous at best. In general, politicians of both parties are held in very low esteem by voters. Voters often plug their noses and reluctantly choose the lesser of evils, rarely getting exactly what they want. I didn't say that campaign finance reform is a higher priority to voters than "bread and butter" issues. All I'm saying is that it's very widely favored among voters, and very widely disfavored among wealthy campaign donors, because of course the latter greatly benefit from the system of legalized bribery. The only reason not to pass campaign finance reform is if you benefit from this system of bribery. What are the "revealed preferences" of people who don't vote? How can you tell whether (1) they don't care, (2) they feel powerless and disillusioned by politics, or (3) some other reason. That's actually not revealed in the mere (in)action. > Now that I think about it, I can’t recall the evidence for climate change being bad. Please don't pretend that consequences of climate change aren't a matter of great public controversy, with literally millions of people claiming it's not a problem or no big deal. Maybe you and I accept what most scientists say, but not everyone does. And it's taken decades of scientists trying to hammer their points home to have a significant effect on the non-scientific public. It's always difficult to try to peer into the future and evaluate possible consequences of current actions. > Ah! This I have evidence against. Senators have high approval ratings! https://morningconsult.com/senator-rankings/ Your evidence seems to show the opposite of your conclusion. According to this data, only 14 out of 100 senators have an approval rating of higher than 50%. Mostly small state senators. It looks like the data is 2 years old, but I doubt that voters are much more approving now. > All I have to do is avoid finding out about moral situations and I am automatically doing the right thing. We're not talking about morality here, we're talking about whether voting is an accurate reflection of a person's "values" - moral values, immoral values, self-interested values, whatever they happen to be. I'm arguing that voting is a very poor, opaque indicator of that, given the constraints of voting. I'd also mention that big moneyed interests have spent big money on propaganda against the science of climate change. It's not simply a matter of a person learning what is uncontroversial, like math; there's a war of ideas occurring in public, and sides must be chosen. Often friends and family are on the opposite side of the debate, which is never easy to live with. Who do you trust, anonymous scientists or... your parents who love you and raised you? > I pointed out that there was quite a lot of government involved in this decision, referring to the well-known history of certain WWII fascist dictatorships in which the entire society was effectively subjugated under the authority of a single person. You're completely ignoring how the dictatorship came to be. Hitler didn't just step off a spaceship from another planet and immediately become leader of Germany. There was a democratic government for many years before he came to power, and the Nazi party spent many years gaining political support during that time. In 1932, they won 37% of the vote, becoming the largest political party in the country. The people who voted for them were going down that path voluntarily. You seem to be taking the existence of a dictatorship for granted, a fact without any need of historical or causal explanation, as if nothing that happened before 1933 mattered. The Nazi party was explicitly racist, explicitly antisemitic, explicitly anti-immigrant. And they were popular! So yes, this was local people getting together and deciding to form a tribe based on hatred of others. > The original claim was that the left hadn't moved. The response was "prove it". No, the original claim was actually this: "political animosity may be based particularly on partisans’ overestimation of the prevalence of extreme, egregious views held by only a minority of opponents but imagined to be widespread." The counterclaim was: "There's objective measurements that the democrats moved far left creating the polarization." My suggestion was that this counterclaim seems to be exhibiting the same fallacy discussed in the paper. Both the Democratic and Republican parties are very large, and its members have a wide variety of views. If you pay close attention, you'll see that there's quite a bit of infighting, sometimes very bitter, even within each party. Broad generalizations about Democrats or "the left" — and likewise about Republicans or "the right" — are often going to be grossly inaccurate. You can't just treat huge groups as uniform when they're demonstrably not uniform. The American people — well over 300 million of them — have diverse political views. But we have a political duopoly. Which means that these diverse views held by Americans have to somehow fit mostly within these 2 parties. It's a mistake to overgeneralize about political parties and similar groups. I personally find the terms "left", "right", "liberal", "conservative" to be practically meaningless. They've lost all of their original meaning and become opaque cudgels for the political parties to pretend they have some kind of coherent ideology. But this is a bit of a tangent. Anyway, I would bet that most Democrats and most Republicans don't even know WTF CRT is. Even the ones who complain about it! From the linked paper: "Time spent watching partisan media (controlling political orientation) predicted greater overestimations of the prevalence of extreme views" If I may inject a bit of dispassionate analysis here: I think there's a grain of truth to both sides. It's true that Republicans have moved more toward same-sex marriage. However, it also seems to be true that the legalization of same-sex marriage has politically activated many Republicans who are still opposed to same-sex marriage. When same-sex marriage was not legal, those opposed to it could remain fairly complacent. It was the status quo and wasn't an issue where they felt the need to engage in political activism. The most outspoken people were those in favor of same-sex marriage. But when same-sex marriage was legalized, there was an almost complete reversal, in terms of activism. So today it feels like Republicans are more opposed to same-sex marriage, even if the raw numbers say otherwise. But perhaps the raw poll numbers don't reflect the level of enthusiasm or activism regarding the issue. I think this is actually a general point: the level of political activism regarding any issue tends to be highest among those who feel threatened. So ironically, the level of activism opposed to same-sex marriage, for example, becomes higher as that view tends to wane in public popularity. A powerful overwhelming majority, on the other hand, doesn't need to make much effort to maintain its status. > Now try doing the whole span it's depicting, instead of picking the best years for your viewpoint. What do you think is my viewpoint? During 1994-1997, both parties were moving left. And during 2012-2014 they were moving in opposite directions. I focused on the period of 1998-2011 because that seemed to be when there was the biggest difference in behavior between the 2 parties. The claim of incomingpain was that "the democrats moved far left creating the polarization". But this is not supported by the given data. The parties were moving in lockstep prior to 1998, and the Democrats didn't move at all for many years after 1998. It seems difficult to argue that the polarization was created in 2017, given the data from 1998-2011. Anyway, incomingpain, the one who made the claim, was also the one who linked to the pre-2015 data. Here's the funny thing: incomingpain said "The republicans clearly moved left and it was the right thing to do." And Republicans did indeed move left 1994-2003... but then they moved back right starting in 2004. They moved right at the same time that Democrats were staying the same. So shouldn't incomingpain argue that backtracking was the wrong thing to do, if moving left was the right thing to do? > And the left could have had it all. They could have built a coalition of common cause between trans rights and workers rights, with a common philosophical underpinning. Instead, they've shifted to look down on blue-collar workers as "a basket of deplorables". Is this actually "the left" though? The same people who came up with the insult "basket of deplorables" also came up with the insult "Bernie bros". Seriously, if the left means Hillary Clinton and does not mean Bernie Sanders, then we might as well just throw all political labels in the trash. I think most elected politicians tend to betray their constituents. Bernie has the "luxury" of living in one of the smallest states in the nation, Vermont. He can wage a ground game campaign and not worry about having to raise massive amounts of money for big market TV ads. This makes him less susceptible to corruption than other senators. Also he was never a Democrat in the first place but an independent who decided to run for the Democratic nomination, so he was never fully a part of the the party apparatus. It's interesting to contrast with how Trump basically waltzed in and took over the Republican party, despite not having been a solid Republican himself in the past. I take this as a sign of how marginalized the left has been from the Democratic party. Sanders has taken over the spot of being the Democratic scapegoat for all their problems, a spot formerly held by Ralph Nader. 1) Areo magazine is a political hack publication. 2) The article about US schools was written by an Australian. 3) The article seems free of any actual empirical examples of its main claim. 4) There have always been groups in the US who want censorship in schools for anything they don't like politically or religiously, most notably, the science of biological evolution. The "oh no, what are they teaching the children in schools" crowd is very hard to take seriously. There are people who don't want slavery mentioned in schools. They don't want the Holocaust mentioned in schools. It's hard to imagine a more "radical agenda" than all of this censorship and denial of facts. Wipe away history? Wipe away science? The irony is that those who say "just teach the controversy about evolution and the Holocaust" [there's no scientific controversy] would also refuse to "teach the controversy" over CRT. I've never taught high school, but I did teach (philosophy) at the university level in the past, and the people who complain about what's taught in college typically believe laughably inaccurate caricatures of what actually happens in the classroom. We're not proselytizing students; it's hard enough just to keep them awake during class and prod them to actually do the assigned reading in the first place. > What can they do with CSAM data? > Government can't blackmail citizen, they can't use CSAM scans for other purposes, they can't even authorize a scan, because that's the justice system prerogative. In the United States, legal blackmail is called a "plea bargain". You agree to admit you're guilty of a crime, even if you aren't, in return for the government not pursuing harsher charges against you. This occurs without trial, because of course the whole point of the plea bargain is to avoid going to trial. Why would an innocent defendant want to avoid trial? Well, good lawyers are extremely expensive, and public defenders are extremely overworked. Also, police will often say whatever they need to say on the stand to get a conviction and justify their arrest. How many cops are ever jailed themselves for perjury? > Being rich helps him achieve these goals, but so does building hype and being present in the media. Does it? I know literally nothing about the personality of the Wright brothers. Or Henry Ford. Or Thomas Edison. Their legacy is their inventions. Hype and media coverage are temporary at best. And unfortunately, Musk's hype and media presence tends to show him at his worst. I'm not sure whether Musk fans realize how many non-fans actually despise the guy. If anything, he's wrecking his legacy. Shut up and build stuff. > Steve Jobs was charismatic and somewhat of an asshole to the people around him. But he wasn’t unhinged, self aggrandizing and attention seeking. He wasn't unhinged. He was definitely self aggrandizing and attention seeking. Jobs was an asshole, but he was an adult asshole. A mature asshole. He wasn't a juvenile asshole. Both Musk and Trump give the impression of having the emotional maturity of a pre-teen. > But their ongoing successes were very much political and public perception. Ford especially was incredibly politically active and noisy about it. Nobody remembers Ford's political activism. Apparently he ran for US Senate once and lost. Is there any reason to think that Ford's political activism had anything to do with the success of the Ford Motor Company? Ford hyping cars is fine and expected. Ford hyping politics doesn't really seem to add anything. In fact, it appears that there were some antisemitic writings associated with Ford, there was a lawsuit and a consumer boycott, and he was forced to apologize. A common fallacy is to assume that everything a successful person does in life contributes to their success. OJ Simpson was one of the greatest football running backs ever, and he was also a murderer. You might say, "if he wasn't a violent person, then he wouldn't have been a great running back", but somehow Barry Sanders managed not to murder anyone. > Neither Boeing nor Ford have put a car into a trans-Martian Solar orbit Good? This reminds me of the scene from the film "Tin Cup" where he asks "You ever shoot par with a 7 iron?" and his rival replies "Hell Roy, it never even occurred to me to try." (The backstory being that Tin Cup and his caddy broke all of his other golf clubs in a childish argument.) > All 3 of them took wealth away from paper-millionaire shareholders of competing companies (eg. Netscape) and delivered superior quality of life to the consumer. Nobody sheds a tear for the paper-millionaires, rightfully so. Well actually... Microsoft was almost broken up by the government for what it did to Netscape, until there was a change of US Presidential administration, after which Microsoft was given a wrist slap, and then 9/11 immediately hit, which made the issue disappear from public consciousness. I'm not exaggerating here: the Department of Justice announced it was no longer seeking to break up Microsoft in September 2001. See this article from the WSJ literally the day before 9/11: https://www.wsj.com/articles/SB1000076767888491506 This is a straw man argument. The issue isn't the input from meatpackers, the issue is (1) no input from anyone else and (2) the meatpackers exaggerated and lied about the conditions. > Ok, how about some other sources? Heh, let me know when you come up with something that isn't a political hack publication. > Fame and wealth does some weird stuff to people. This is the crucial point. Power corrupts, a painful fact long established. Therefore, when the power and wealth of an individual grows, they deserve more scrutiny and criticism. You don't "give them a break because they're human". The self-preservation of society and freedom itself demands that we closely scrutinize the powerful. If you don't want to be scrutinized like that, then it's easy to avoid becoming a leader. It's a cliche, but with great power comes great responsibility, and Musk is still acting like a child half the time, egged on by a legion of equally childish fans. > nearly every company out there has no confidence in a college degree Or in job experience, for that matter. "You need to have 10 years experience in a technology that has only existed for 5 years, and also we assume you're a liar and discount all experience anyway." > Have you ever interviewed someone whose resume looked good but who couldn't code basic things? The kind of candidate FizzBuzz was invented for? It's a self-fulfilling prophesy, if you're using FizzBuzz to judge whether people are competent. Programmers aren't stage performers, but companies treat interviews like auditions. Anyone with "performance anxiety" is assumed to be incompetent, which is silly. The tech interview/audition is unnatural and very different from normal work. It's been shown by researchers over and over that interviews test for anxiety, not skills, but interviewers refuse to listen. https://news.ncsu.edu/2020/07/tech-job-interviews-anxiety/ > I mean what questions are you getting that you freeze up on but could otherwise solve in ~1h? You're thinking that the difficulty of the question matters, but it doesn't. The difficulty is the situation. You freeze up in an interview, but then immediately after the interview you go back and solve the same problem quickly, because the anxiety is gone, and nobody is standing over you watching. But you don't get a second chance after you're rejected. If you're not anxious, you can solve very hard problems. If you are anxious, you can't solve very easy problems. Many interviewers are astonished that candidates can't do FizzBuzz or whatever, but it's often because these interviewers don't understand fundamental human psychology, and expect everyone to be a robot with no emotions. > Honestly, most companies will prefer the candidate who projects poise and confidence rather than anxiety, all else being equal. Sorry but that's life. Work on overcoming that. Most companies will also prefer the candidate who who projects tallness and youth. Maybe these biases are something that companies need to overcome? > And in a big company it takes about 2 years for a bad hire to get pushed out, if they ever are. Two wrongs don't make a right. I wish that engineers would spend half as much time trying to correct the organizational dysfunction of their companies as they do on leetcode and the like. The tech industry that likes to brag about "innovation" and "disruption" seems very conservative and resistant to change as far as hiring is concerned. Everyone seems complacent about that and stuck in the status quo. Then they complain about a talent shortage... > As I suspected. Unwilling to read evidence with an open mind because they are from the "other side". I took the time to read the first link you chose. It did not show what you thought it showed. You thereby lost credibility and the benefit of the doubt in my eyes. So no, I'm not going to waste any more time reading your links unless I have a very good reason, and I also find it suspicious that all of your links are to publications with well-known political agendas. This is why I'm suggesting you find an article, one article, any article, that doesn't come from such a publication. Your "other side" comment is an incorrect assumption, because I'm not on a side and have no political party. I'm what you might call an "independent". > Surgeons have to do a 7 year residency before they get hired. There's nothing remotely comparable for software engineers. Yet software engineers with 7 years of experience are still assumed to be fakers. Are these wealthy applicants who don't need a job? If you're applying for jobs, then you either get a job, in which case you become an employed programmer, and thus competent in your eyes, or you eventually run out of money. Difficult to remain unemployed for a long period of time. > anyone who takes more interviews than average to be hired What is the average? My impression is that even "top" candidates take a lot of interviews, which gives them a lot of options and possibly multiple job offers that they can use to drive up the price in negotiations. There are reputable institutions who will vouch for the software engineer's experience, namely their previous employers. You can verify previous employment. The previous employer might not say anything else about the candidate, but they can certainly verify that the CV is not just invented. > nobody knows an alternative way of testing a candidate in few hours Why test? Seriously, why are interviews tests? Everyone seems very worried about incompetent job candidates, but what about incompetent colleagues and managers? We act like interviews are one-way when in fact they're two-way, and the candidate needs to decide if they actually want to work for the potential employer. Does the candidate get to test the interviewers? Nobody wants to work with incompetent colleagues, and especially not an incompetent manager, which is the worst. There are a lot of incompetent engineering managers, and indeed I would estimate that engineering managers are more likely to be incompetent than engineers, because engineers are frequently promoted to engineering managers despite having no background or training in management. It's ok though, I'll let the manager do a take home test in their spare time. > Are they just blatantly lying on their resumes? How would anyone know? Once a candidate fails the screen, the company rejects and never gives a second thought to the candidate again. Does any company do follow-up to see what happened in the future to rejected candidates? I've never heard of that happening. The coding screens are just assumed to be infallible, so the candidate must have been a fraud. It's unthinkable that the screening tests themselves are wrong, because then the whole hiring process is misguided. How so? I'm talking specifically about confidence and anxiousness in a job interview. One can be very confident in one's work yet be anxious in a job interview. > Rigorous interviews are intended to reduce the number of incompetent colleagues and managers. All of those colleagues and managers went through interviews too. My point was that engineers get promoted to engineering manager without any kind of "manager test", so there's no assurance of competence at all. Also, I've heard of many cases where certain candidates are allowed to bypass the normal interview rounds, or get coached on the company's interviews, or get "softball" questions during those interviews, if the company wants to hire that person for some reason no matter what. Moreover, there's no guarantee that the current interview process is the same as the past interview process, especially for older companies. (Think Apple, for example.) Certainly the founders of a company never went through the process, and probably the initial employees didn't either. The founding of a company is almost always "informal", and only later is a more "rigorous" process imposed on newcomers. > a recent grad could easily ramp up to out compete them with about 1 year worth of training and investment. What about if you gave the veteran programmer 1 year worth of training and investment? I think it's reasonable to wonder if the interview process is actually "indifferent", or whether it's designed to screen out older people in favor of younger people. How exactly could you or would you "test" for the value of experience, or do you believe that experience never has any value? > A company that just promotes anyone to EM that just puts their hand up, despite demonstrating their not suitable, has other problems. This is a straw man. It doesn't happen, and nobody believes that it happens. What does happen is that people who are good at engineering get promoted to engineering management, but writing code and managing humans are two entirely different skills. In fact it's especially true in companies with "rigorous" entrance exams that engineers employed by the company have focused on the coding aspect heavily in the past, otherwise they wouldn't have been able to pass the exams. So their people skills would have tended to be neglected or ignored entirely. > Hiring is about satisficing, not optimizing. Yet the OP's suggestion was this: "don't have 500 interviews. Have at most 2 or 3 which altogether should not take more than 2 to 3 hours of somebodys time." In other words, the OP was recommending satisficing rather than optimizing. Companies waste so much time on interviewing. Their own time and candidate time. Hundreds of interviews, multiple rounds, just a massive amount of time for 1 job. It certainly feels like they're trying to optimize rather than satisfice. > I test for competency Well, that's what everyone thinks they're testing for. The empirical evidence suggests otherwise. https://news.ncsu.edu/2020/07/tech-job-interviews-anxiety/ > a company that claims only to hire the best and brightest That's what they claim. It seems unlikely, especially seeing some of the things they produce. ;-) A less sarcastic point is that a company with a uniform hiring process tends to get a uniform workforce. What this means is that all employees tend to have the same strengths, and also the same weaknesses, because the hiring process is always looking for the same exact things. The result is that the team ends up not being more than the sum of all the parts but rather less than the sum of all the parts. The same strengths added together are redundant, and the same weaknesses added together create giant corporate blind spots. When you go about trying to "minimize the bad hire", what you're really minimizing is any sort of difference or diversity among the workforce, thereby missing the forest for the trees. We always talk about the so-called "10x engineer", but it's not clear that 2 10x engineers with the exact same skills would be better than 2 other engineers with different but complementary skills. Maybe 10x + 10x effectively adds up to much less than 20x. > That's why instead of complaining that companies don't interview the way you prefer them to ("interviewers refuse to listen") This is a misconstrual. The point was that interviewers refuse to listen to scientific studies that show interviews test for anxiety rather than skills. > Then everyone is happy! Not when the whole industry cargo cults on audition-style interview tests. > When an engineer gets promoted to engineering manager, a significant part of the management chain has to approve of the promotion, and they have had enough interaction with the newly promoted manager that they can reasonably assess whether the promotion is suitable. What makes you think that people higher in the management chain are any better at managing people or even care about that aspect? Many tech companies were founded by college kids who were programmers and had no background or training in management. They were thrust into their roles by the circumstances with no preparation. It seems like people are living in a hypothetical magical utopia in these comments instead of reality. We all know that managers are incompetent. We're experienced it. You can find endless engineers complaining about it. Why are we denying the truth here? > You again. Heh, I could say the same thing. You came in later and replied to several of my comments. ;-) > anxious when performing under pressure I have to repeat that I'm talking about job interviews specifically, which is not the same as "performing under pressure". Job interviews are unique in many ways and very different from having a job. This ought to be psychology 101 but somehow many techies don't understand it. The pressure of an on-the-job emergency is not the same as interview pressure. They are psychologically distinct. Anyway, I wouldn't make the general claim that experience makes somebody anxious in job interviews, but I would make the general claim that interview tests often don't actually test for the thing the designers think they do. How exactly does one test for the value of experience, for example? One thing worth noting though: people who have been out of school and on the job for many years may have become unaccustomed to taking tests, especially if they don't interview for jobs frequently. Fresh college grads are fresh from taking tests constantly in school. So test anxiety can start to affect long experienced people just because it's no longer natural for them compared to when they were younger and in school or new on the job market. This is a common and unfortunate misconception. Repeated interviews going badly and/or repeated failures to get a job can make someone specifically anxious about job interviews. Also, let me explain some of the crucial ways the job interview experience is distinct from work experience: 1) In an interview, you can lose the job at any moment for any little reason, because you don't even have the job yet, whereas on the job you're very unlikely to lose your job at any moment for any little reason. It typically takes gross incompetence or insubordination to get immediately fired. I've written plenty of software bugs in my career, as has everyone I suspect, but I've never been fired. I've lost plenty of jobs in interviews though. 2) The stakes are personally higher in a job interview, especially if you're currently unemployed. You can claim theoretically that the stakes are higher on the job, because "millions may be lost", but those aren't your millions, they're the company's millions. The company losing millions may suck for the company, but it doesn't necessarily mean you lose your job. Companies lose millions yet continue in business. Whereas if you don't get a job at all, you'll eventually run out of money and become homeless. That is the highest of stakes, for you. 3) If you've had a job for a while, then your coworkers already know that you're competent. They aren't suspicious of you or sitting in judgment of you, because your work has already been seen and judged. Whereas in a job interview, it is a stranger sitting in judgment of you. The issue isn't necessarily "talking to strangers" but rather you have a stranger who is wondering if you're a "faker who can't code your way out of a paper bag", and you have to prove to them otherwise in an hour. 4) In a job interview, someone is standing over you watching your every move while you work. Unless you do pair programming (which I dislike), most programmers are sitting alone at the computer most of the time, not having someone else stand over them. And even if you do sit with a coworker at the computer on the job, the process is usually collaborative rather than judgmental. You and a coworker sit together to solve a programming problem together, not so that your coworker can judge you and give you an evaluation which determines whether you get paid or not. 5) The tests given in job interviews are usually totally artificial and often have nothing to do with the job. You're just given a test — sometimes ill-defined — out of left field, at the spur of the moment, and you have to solve it in a few minutes, because the job interviewer can't sit and wait for you to take however long you need. People who interview a lot, or who are coached in interviewing techniques, apparently learn that there are tricks to interviewing, and you can ask the interviewer multiple questions to clarify and talk through the process, but someone who doesn't interview much doesn't know this. You rarely get such artificial, out of left field problems at work that need immediate solution. At work, you have meetings, discuss the product, discuss what's needed, before you work on things. Or if there's a work "crisis", the crisis has to do with your company's codebase, which you're already familiar with and may have written yourself! I could go on and on and on, but hopefully that's enough to show that the pressures of job interviews are unique and not the same as work pressures, no matter how bad the "emergency" at work. One more thing about different pressures and psychology: It's well known that many people have a specific fear speaking in front of groups of people. So why is the notion so strange that people have a specific fear of job interviews. I have little doubt that there are firefighters, who rush into burning buildings for a living, who would feel sick at the idea of giving a speech in front of a thousand people in a non-burning building. Anxieties are not all the same, they're often very specific. It's sad to me, though not surprising, that many hard techies don't understand human psychology and have a hard time empathizing. > Your original claim is that managers are less competent because they didn't get interviewed as managers when they got promoted. My original claim was "engineers are frequently promoted to engineering managers despite having no background or training in management". This doesn't have much to do with interviews for engineering managers, though I did note sarcastically that there's no real "FizzBuzz" equivalent for managers. Engineer to engineering manager is effectively a career change. Programming skills are different from people skills. It's important for an engineering manager to understand programming, but there's much more to the job. How many of them got management degrees in college rather the computer science degrees? How many of them were "managing since I was 13 years old" as opposed to "coding since I was 13 years old"? (You don't actually need to do either since you were 13 years old, but I think you get the rhetorical point.) Even if the "most qualified" of the current engineers get promoted to manager, that doesn't mean any of the current engineers are actually qualified to be a good manager of people rather than machines. > I can't imagine any reasonable team to take on somebody based on their CV alone though If by CV alone you mean the mere piece of paper (or pdf document), then I agree. I definitely think candidates should be vetted. I just think that the typical way tech companies vet candidates is awful. I agree with the OP who said "don't have 500 interviews". There's a huge difference between accepting a CV without question and what tech companies effectively do now, which is completely ignore the CV and rely entirely on coding tests for evaluating candidates. Mass interviews are unusual for many jobs outside of tech. Maybe you just interview the few top candidates. This seems like a better system, and it wastes less time for everyone, both the employer and job candidates, most of whom are necessarily rejected, if there's only 1 opening. Fewer interviews, more time vetting individual candidates. You don't have to do multiple rounds of interviews, and you don't have to do "screening". Start with your few top candidates and work your way down. If you insist on having a coding test, do it as the last step in the hiring process, not as the first, "screening" step. Job candidates would be much less anxious about coding tests if they knew it was the last step before hiring rather than the hurdle they have to overcome to even get to talk to someone conversationally, and if they knew they weren't competing in the coding tests with a hundred other candidates. Verify, don't screen. It's also the case that if you start with your top candidates and work your way down rather than mass interviewing, you have time to research the top candidates, such as looking at their open source if they have some. A typical excuse is "We don't have time to look at the GitHub of 500 candidates." So... don't interview 500 candidates! But Apple is ad supported: https://www.businessinsider.com/apple-shaking-up-services-bu... > It's not obvious that it immediately helps their bottom line. Besides requiring a paid iCloud+ subscription? I'm not sure what the argument is supposed to be here. Apple adds features to its hardware without raising the price. As a software developer, I add features to my software without raising the price. The point is to make the product more enticing so that more potential customers will buy it. If Apple wasn't trying to sell iCloud+ then it would have made iCloud Private Relay available to all Apple users without iCloud+. Apple is not a charity. This is sales 101. True, but it's depressing that Apple has decided to go down that path. They've gone from $0 ad revenue to $billions and are obviously intent on increasing that revenue even more. There are ads for Apple subscriptions in the Settings app. I've seen them myself. > I'm pretty fine with the search ads Why? The cover story for App Store is that it's supposed to protect consumers, but then the consumer searches for an app literally by name, and the first hit is a completely different app that paid for an ad. How is that protecting consumers? Moreover, Apple added App Tracking Transparency, where the cover story is privacy, but coincidentally ATT has at the same time caused people to switch more to Search Ads, because third party ads have become less effective as a result. There's a conflict of interest here. > Also, technology has advanced so much in the past 15 years that people are replacing their Apple devices significantly less frequently than they used to. Not sure about that. We have annual OS updates with force obsolescence via termination of device support and security updates. (Even the "supported" N-2 versions of macOS don't get all the security updates of the latest version.) And the devices now all have batteries that aren't user-replaceable. With the 2 year phone carrier contracts, the financial incentive was actually to upgrade your phone every 2 years. Those are mostly gone now, but it's rumored that Apple is working on a new hardware subscription. > The termination of device support tends to be for devices that are 7+ years old. That’s quite a reasonable support lifetime. I disagree. My 2014 MacBook Pro still works perfectly fine, but it doesn't run Monterey, which I need for work purposes, so I had to buy a new MacBook Pro. I certainly didn't want to drop all that money right now. > Also, as of today, battery replacements for all supported iPhone devices costs less than $70. That’s a very good price and basically includes the labor for free. Nobody is getting ripped off here. I've had to replace the battery twice out of warranty on my 2014 MacBook Pro, and it cost more than $70. Moreover, the pandemic has made getting repairs significantly more difficult. Who wants to ship their device off and be without it? > If it’s supported, it’s getting security updates, period. If you have contrary evidence, I’d like to see it. I said they don't get all the security updates; I didn't say they get no security updates. This differential in vulnerability patching is very well known among Mac security researchers. For example: https://www.intego.com/mac-security-blog/apples-poor-patchin... users-security-and-privacy-precarious/ I'm self-employed and don't need a job but am still open to the right opportunity. The last job I interviewed for was looking for a specialist in a particular field, which I am (fairly well known in that circle), and they told me they've been looking to fill the position for a full year before they interviewed me. The interview seemed to go well, and they wanted to continue with the process, but they said the next step was a take-home project. I wasn't thrilled, because my qualifications should already be established, but they said it's their mandatory procedure. I thought, ok, I'm interested in this job, and maybe I can power through the project quickly. But no, the project was rather open-ended, more of an unsolved problem than an already solved problem, and I started to see that I could spend an unknown number of hours on it. So I said fuck it and told them I've changed my mind about the job. I noticed many months later after I turned them down that they were still trying to fill the position. This is an employer just shooting themselves in the foot. They created their own "labor shortage". It's actually the second time in a row that I got this kind of absurdity. I was contacted unsolicited by an engineering manager from DuckDuckGo looking for a specialist. I asked them what their hiring procedure was, and it was even worse: they had multiple pre-hiring projects and some kind of probationary period before permanent hire. So I asked if I could just skip this, given my qualifications, and they said no, that's just how they do things at DuckDuckGo, and they believed their hiring process has been "successful" for them. So I basically said no thanks, buh-bye. And they also were continuing to try to fill the position many months after I said no. > Unions in general are overly focused on job security and fairness in pay at the expense of other things like total salary. Not necessarily true. Pro sports athletes have unions, and their compensation is usually much larger than ours. But there's almost always a power differential between employers and employees, which is why collective bargaining can be helpful. And it's not just about pay, it's about working conditions. There's a massive controversy nowadays about WFH for example. > Duck Duck Go paid me to do their projects. I can understand skipping it if you don't want to put the time in; but at least they aren't taking your work for free. Correct, they did pay. But I didn't really care about that. My only interest was a permanent job, not a short term contract. If I want short term contracts, I can find those elsewhere. An interesting thing about the real estate market is that most buyers and sellers hire an agent, who likely knows much more about the market than you do personally. As far as I've seen, job seekers in most industries rarely hire agents. The information differential between buyers and sellers in the labor market is vast. I'm not saying job seekers should hire agents. I'm not saying they shouldn't either though... My personal impression from using Twitter for years is that the actual number may be twice as high, more like 40% than 20%. The researchers repeatedly say that they were very conservative in their estimates and only counted accounts that were extremely likely to be spam. "This methodology likely undercounts spam and fake accounts, but almost never includes false positives (i.e. claiming an account is fake when it isn’t)." PROTIP: You can search Twitter by URL. Just search for a popular news article on Twitter, and you can see the massive number of obviously non-human accounts who are tweeting the article. I don't think this is the simplest explanation. The simplest explanation is this: Musk's primary source of financing is Tesla stock. The sudden market downturn took a big chunk out of Tesla stock, which made his financial situation more difficult. The delay in closing the deal is just that, a delay, in the hope that the market will recover and the price of Tesla stock will recover, thereby making Musk's financing position much easier. Nobody anticipated the downturn, otherwise Musk never would have made a $54 per share offer for Twitter in the first place, because obviously it's much lower now, as is much of the tech market. It's hard to believe that making a binding $54 offer on a stock that's only $39 a month later was "4D chess". I do think $54 was a reasonable, maybe even lowball offer a month ago. Twitter itself hasn't changed much in a month operationally speaking, but the whole market changed in valuation. Twitter wasn't looking to sell itself. This was an unsolicited takeover bid. Well, the threat was there to bypass the board of directors, controlled by big long-term investors, and go directly to the shareholders, many of whom would be happy to cash out for short-term gain. So the board was under major pressure to agree, even if they were somewhat reluctant. > it would be the agents (the reputable ones anyway) that would require stringent testing of the seekers That's a great way to get zero clients. ;-) It's one thing to go through all that crap to get a job, but who wants to go through all that crap just to get an agent? Not to mention, how is an agent even qualified to give a technical test to a software engineer. In real estate, a home inspection is required by the buyer's agent, not by the seller's agent. Sellers would rather not have that contingency. And the home inspection is only performed after the offer is accepted. > An agent that sells dud employees to employers will have zero clients much, much faster. An agent with a high placement and retention rate, well, people will be lined up around the block to become their clients. A new agent starts with zero clients. The beginning is "faster" than anything. You can't place any clients if you don't have any, so this is putting the cart before the horse. > As for houses, they can be visually be examined by the seller's agent. They are not going to take the seller's word for it that it has four bedrooms when they can see it only has two. Of course. But the linked article is "The 'working' job interviews that go too far". It discusses huge time-consuming pre-hire projects. This is not at all comparable to a walkthrough of a house. I've bought and sold, personally experienced the real estate market on both sides. Addendum: The seller's agent doesn't walk through the house to check whether the seller is lying about the number of rooms. Any buyer who goes to a showing will see the number of rooms immediately, nobody can get away with lying about that. The seller's agent walks through the house to estimate the list price of the house, to give the seller advice on how to best present the house, and to gather information for buyer questions. Also they need to take photos for the listing. I think you're misunderstanding the role of a real estate agent. The seller's agent is not the seller. The transaction is still directly between the seller and the buyer. Nobody buys a house because of the "reputation" of the seller's agent, that would be insanity. The purpose of an agent is to help their client through the process and give them advice. The seller's agent may hold open houses, but it's actually the buyer's agent who usually takes the buyer on a personal showing, so the seller's agent is not even there to "sell" the house to the buyer. A home inspection is not conducted by a real estate agent, it's conducted by a professional home inspector, it costs hundreds of dollars, it's paid for by the buyer, and it's not done until after the offer is accepted. I'm going on at length here because these facts should be obvious to anyone who has been on the real estate market. The way you describe agents in your imagination is not how real agents behave. > You can offer to buy a house knowing full well there are going to be problems which will show up in the surveyor's report. You can then adjust your offer accordingly. I think you mean home inspector, not surveyor? Problems: 1) The home inspection contingency has to be in the offer. 2) The buyer has to hire a professional, independent home inspector. You can't just send in anyone and make up stuff. 3) The seller has the opportunity to remedy any problems that arise in the inspection report. So in this case, by analogy, Twitter could do a mass purge of accounts under looser criteria than usual, taking out a bunch of spammers and likely a bunch of innocent accounts at the same time. Then the deal would still have to go through at the original price. In home buying, I've never heard of anyone taking this strategy you're suggesting. It would be reckless and probably not work as you hoped. Once an offer is accepted by the seller, it's very hard to get out. If you suspect there are significant problems with the house that need repair, and the seller knows there are significant problems, it would be extremely extremely dumb to make a higher offer than you'd pay, hoping the home inspection will save you. This is rather bizarre reply to me, because I myself was replying to someone who made the analogy with home buying, and I was trying to explain how the analogy didn't even work. To make an analogy, it's like if I asked you why you're talking about home buying. ;-) > Imagine you agreed to buy a house and the house gets set on fire, dropping the value by 30%? Wouldn't you try to renegotiate or get out of the contract? Those contingencies are written into the offer. This is why you have a real estate agent, they know what they're doing. You don't need to illegally break the contract, because it'll already be in the contract. You mean exit clause? That's exactly what I was talking about, so I don't understand your reply. > like many very successful people, I think he exhibits some clear manic depressive and ADHD traits Do you have any evidence to back this? There are people both successful and unsuccessful who have these conditions, but I've never got the impression that they're a common trait of successful people. It seems to be a common but fallacious inference nowadays that if you act like a jerk, then you must be telling the truth. "Truth tellers don't hold back" or some such nonsense. Jerkiness becomes proof of truth. > I have found this to be the biggest myth of Twitter: it is nearly useless for content marketing. I've found Twitter to be essential to my business. Perhaps you're looking at it too "directly", in terms of traffic analysis. What's important in my opinion is "worth of mouth" advertising. You have a circle of friends on Twitter, your friends recommend your product to their friends, and so on. If your Twitter content is interesting and valuable, you might even get members of the media to follow you. Or at least members of the media might be following one of your followers and happens to see your product that way. > I wish the technical people I follow on Twitter would leave the politics out, I follow them for their technical insights. You need a very large muted keywords list. There are web browser extensions that are pretty good at improving the web site. > I'm genuinely curious if you've measured this, and how you determined the impact of twitter on your business. Well, Twitter is basically my only form of promotion. :-) I've tried a number of forms of advertising, the results of which I can measure directly, but I've lost money every time, so I usually don't bother with that. There are times when I can measure Twitter's impact directly. For example, I once had a very viral tweet that immediately resulted in a massive sales week. Admittedly, that's pretty rare though. I wonder if Twitter wasn't better in the early days when there were no stats, and a "retweet" was just someone typing "RT" followed by copy and pasting the tweet. > So you are for peaceful/voluntary online segregation of people who don't share your values. Does this translate to the real world? Of course it does. It's called having friends. If you're having a conversation in a restaurant, and a stranger at another table overhears you and decides to interrupt with their contrary opinion, do you "owe" them an argument, or do you tell them to mind their own business and go away? And then will the interrupter whine, "A restaurant is a public place! If you wanted to have a private conversation, you should have had dinner at home." There's almost no situation IRL where you're arguing with strangers. That only happens online. I deleted my Twitter account in 2012 because they removed RSS support. (I returned 4 years later, because unfortunately my leaving did not kill Twitter.) I wrote one for iOS and macOS: https://underpassapp.com/tweaks/ There are some in the Chrome Web Store too, though I don't have links. > Nobody is trying to force you to engage with anyone on Twitter. Have you ever... been on Twitter? Seriously, Twitter randos often consider it a badge of honor to get blocked by someone after they tweet unsolicited hostile replies. "Ha, they blocked me, what a snowflake! Can't handle any criticism." > I accept your system is different and, likely, a whole lot better. Haha, no, our system is likely worse. Yes, this is necessary to avoid seeing quote tweets of them. [self-promotion] My browser extension for iOS and macOS can stop this and allow you to browse Twitter while logged out: https://underpassapp.com/tweaks/ > a woke Asperger’s hater Is that actually a thing? It feels like the term "woke" has been rendered meaningless and is simply thrown around as an empty insult. > IMO these videos seem fabricated, they're just too convenient. Nah, under the right conditions you can elicit very dumb opinions from almost anybody in the world. If this were a politician it would be called a "gaffe" and the defense would be that the comments were taken out of context. > "woke aspergers hater" was an oxymoron. Ok, fine, but Twitter doesn't describe itself as "woke", so it doesn't seem like your comment was as rhetorically effective as you may have thought it was. Nowadays the term "woke" is almost exclusively used as an insult and not as a self-description; it actually has the feel of self-identifying the user of a term as having a particular sociopolitical leaning. It appears you have an axe to grind or score to settle here, but I'm not clear on what the point is supposed to be. I think we're in agreement that "woke aspergers hater" is an oxymoron. I'm guessing that the OP believed their comment was an effective use of sarcasm, whereas I found the comment to be confusing and ineffective. We can agree to disagree about that. Other than that, I have no wish to argue over who has the right to call whom which names. > Almost exclusively, really? Don't take it from me, take it from Wikipedia. ;-) "By 2021, woke had become used almost exclusively as a pejorative, with most prominent usages of the word taking place in a disparaging context." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woke#Woke_as_a_pejorative_term > Why is that such a concern to you? I wouldn't say it's a concern. It's an observation. I remember when the NYT propagandized for the Iraq invasion. Anyway, I have no aspiration to prove this point, you can believe whatever you want to believe. But at least believe that my impression is not unique in this respect. We all, everyone here in the HN comments, went out of our way to write comments and replies on the internets. It's actually not that hard to type stuff. At the moment, I've got too much free time on my hands. Heh, ok. I don't mind if you don't want to use it, but I'm puzzled by "sketchy" and even more puzzled by "opinionated". The manifest.json file of an extension has a key "manifest_version" which for many years had the value of 2. You set the value of "manifest_version" to 3 to signify to the browser that your extension adopts the new API. The name is very meaningful to extension developers. To others, perhaps not. As an extension developer, I see a catastrophe coming for extensions in Chromium browsers. I don't think users are going to be prepared for the slaughter. You're going to lose a ton of extensions, and many others will be hobbled by manifest v3. Firefox and Safari should be ok at least in the immediate future. I doubt Apple is going to announce next month at WWDC that v2 extensions will be dead in September 2022, even before Chrome kills them in 2023. v3 is not even ready yet. There are still major bugs and missing features, which Mozilla's blog post alludes to. I'm postponing the migration myself as long as possible. > Opinionated on UI changes There are more than 20 settings that can be individually enabled/disabled, so it's all up to the user how much they want. > sketchy with the lack of details on how the click tracking removal works (the easier ways that come to mind on implementation are the same or worse for privacy) Ah, ok. The word "sketchy" can be ambiguous. :-) The real URL is actually already hidden in the DOM, so it's a simple matter of replacement. There's no equivalent for Safari. There are a number of Safari content blockers, but the API is strictly limited. It's somewhat similar to declarativeNetRequest in Chrome manifest v3. > the long term goal for Google, Apple and Microsoft is no extensions at all. Apple added extensions to Safari iOS last year and added WebExtensions API to Safari Mac the previous year, so that's demonstrably untrue of Apple. > Do you think there's a chance that Chrome will delay their timetable? Possibly. Google has delayed their timetable in the past for a number of Chrome changes. > What's really frustrating is that users don't realize how much work goes into just keeping your head above water in the Chrome Webstore. Agreed. Also, removing Chrome Web Store payments was a huge blow to extensions. > I know this is probably driven by Apple's opposition to anything that looks like dynamic code execution in extensions No, that's not it. It's mainly just one API, blocking webRequest: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/Web... > Many users will probably switch in June 2023, as Chrome will no longer run Manifest v2 by that time. That's January 2023 for most users. You can only run v2 past January using an enterprise policy. It's possible to dislike both while also pointing out a shortcoming in one compared to the other. Google could do much much better in terms of customers service; they could start by actually having literally any customer service. > They have the resources to not have these problems. I'm not sure they do have the resources. We're talking about companies with a user base larger than literally any country on Earth. The basic problem is that these companies are taking on problems that nobody should ever take on. "Mass curation" is not a problem that can be solved by anyone, and not a thing that should be attempted by anyone. This is why we need personal freedom and not global gatekeepers. > How does Apple manage to have human reviewers and engineers you can talk with on the phone about App Store issues? You can't talk to reviewers on the phone. > They certainly offer the option. No, they do not. I've never received an email like that. They always just say "To view or reply to the message, go to Resolution Center in App Store Connect." How long ago? I haven't been rejected in 6 months or so. It's possible they've improved recently. I can't say I ever look forward to rejection, but it would be interesting to see if this is a general policy shift. There are 3.5 million apps in Google Play, and each app can receive a virtually unlimited number of updates. What value exactly would you specify for X? And how many apps in Google Play have at least X thousand users? > Or are people now simply able to pick up the same ambient awareness they desire about the state of the world (or at least the subjective impression of something that feels like it) from free internet sources? This. People find some value in the news and are willing to pay for it when there's no other option, but they don't value the news enough to pay for it when the free internet option does an acceptable job of satisfying their curiosity. You mention TV and radio, but the critical difference is that you can read paper or online news on your own time, whereas TV and radio have their own schedules. Of course as the number of apps that are coddled or given special treatment gets smaller, the easier it gets to coddle or give special treatment to apps. But how does that help the Play Store overall? How is it fair that a few developers are given special treatment, while everyone else still suffers from the same arbitrary rejections? As an indie developer, I disagree. Besides, the small decisions are collectively impactful too. Take 3 million apps, and add up all of their users. Multiple smaller apps may collectively have more users than 1 larger app. It feels like giving special treatment to more famous apps is just a strategy for Google or Apple to avoid bad press, without making their stores much better. What does being "behind" even mean? The dirty truth of the US educational "system" is that there is no system. Different school districts offer vastly different levels of education, depending mainly on wealth (i.e., the property tax base, because schools are locally funded). When I was a kid, my family moved from one city to another within the same state, and suddenly I was way behind in my new school, especially in math, simply because my new school moved at a significantly faster pace and had higher expectations of students. But I eventually caught up, and it was fine. So I suspect that this problem is vastly overstated. It's not like the US educational system was doing a great job before the pandemic. I used to teach in college, and a lot of student were not properly prepared. We rely a lot on "social promotion", where mere age and time spent in seats is taken as the standard for educational level. > Huh? There's a typo: it should have said "a lot of students". Not sure whether that was the confusion here. What I'm saying is that there's no uniformity. Incoming college freshman are mostly the same age, but their preparation for college varies dramatically, depending largely on where they came from. At any given age, many US students are "behind" their peers, because they're not all receiving the same education. > These interventions include local and regional busing. Busing raises a host of problems that are independent of school quality. I can only offer my anecdotal experience here, but I was able to thrive in my new school, after I caught up. My inherent ability didn't change simply by moving, but more was given to me and more expected of me after I moved. But I wasn't bused in, I lived in the same neighborhoods as my friends and peers. > That doesn't mean they're not behind, though? As I asked originally, what does "behind" even mean? It seems to depend crucially on a schedule and expectations. This is why I mentioned social promotion, where students move up in grade simply because a year has passed. The pandemic has certainly messed up the standard academic schedule, without a doubt. But so what? Are kids irreparably harmed because the standard academic schedule was messed up? I don't think so. Kids were already moving at different educational paces before the pandemic. I'm not saying it's good that educational quality differs by school district. But this is a socioeconomic problem. There's no "natural human" educational system that the pandemic messed up. When you compare US kids with, say, the great English philosopher John Stuart Mill, we're all way behind. As a kid, J.S. Mill was the beneficiary of an educational experiment almost without equal in history. He was taught Greek at the age of three! Who gets that? > At the same time there might be a very serious one as quite a few kids basically have missed proper school for about 2 years. Let's not even try to pretend that lockdowns have no negative effects at all. I'm not saying there are no negative effects. What I would say is this: even before the pandemic, many students were not sufficiently "challenged". They were already moving more slowly than they could have moved. It's possible for them to catch up. They could have caught up with other kids before the pandemic too, if put in the right situation. Time spent sitting in seats is not education, by itself. How that time is used is just as important, and we often squander that time, even when there's not a public health crisis. > The article showed standardized test performance went down, which is what it means by behind. The schedule of standardized tests is not written in stone for eternity. If the academic schedule is messed up, then give the tests later. Let's say you take a year off between high school and college. Are you "behind"? In one sense, yes. But that doesn't mean your overall college experience will be any worse than someone who started college immediately after high school. Why is the standard schedule so important? Arguably everyone should take some time off between high school and college to get all the drinking/drugs/partying out of your system before you get serious. I certainly squandered my first couple years. ;-) But then I worked like crazy and "made it up" as a junior and senior. > There’s no sport in high school that comes close to pulling everybody together the same way as football. Wow, that's not my high school experience. Sports divided the student body into the popular athletic kids and the unpopular academic kids. If you celebrate the football team and not the math team, the results are predictable, and they won't be to promote math. Is this actually a problem for music though? Who are the future professional musicians? "My most motivated, talented and best supported students are on schedule or slightly ahead." So it's not clear that we're losing any potential virtuosos here. If a generation of amateur musicians end up being a little less proficient in music, that's unfortunate, but hardly worth panicking, I think. I personally started playing guitar, and tennis, too late in life to become a professional. This had nothing to do with the pandemic. But I can still enjoy them as an amateur. > Like what does a 12 year old who finished the curriculum do for the next 6 years? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doogie_Howser,_M.D . > In fact, a concerned parent will wildly outperform a school teacher. A parent teaches maybe 2 students per day. A school teacher teaches maybe 200 students per day. It's an unfair comparison. The guitar teacher said some students are "about a year behind where they would normally be after four years of studying". That seems a lot less extreme than "never be even moderately proficient at music". > Unless you think that every single child was previously slacking off and is capable of effectively working double time without getting overwhelmed I actually do think this. "John Stuart was educated by his father, with the advice and assistance of Jeremy Bentham and Francis Place. He was given an extremely rigorous upbringing, and was deliberately shielded from association with children his own age other than his siblings. His father, a follower of Bentham and an adherent of associationism, had as his explicit aim to create a genius intellect that would carry on the cause of utilitarianism and its implementation after he and Bentham had died." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Stuart_Mill#Biography I realize that this is not financially realistic for application to every child. But the gap between how far we could push children and how far we do push children is often massive. We've always been "ok" with leaving many children behind. > I would argue that literally no one needs professional guitar and tennis players I would argue that I need professional guitar players, and my life would be drabber without Steve Vai in it. > I'm wondering what other advantages anti-home-schooler central planners need, in order to force their sub-par solution on parents? I'm not anti home schooling. Is home schooling illegal in some places? If it is, I wasn't aware of that. Otherwise, I don't see how there's any forcing of parents. I'm not trying to invalidate the outcomes of home schooling. I'm merely suggesting that teacher training is useful and probably necessary if you have to teach a larger number of students and not just your own few kids. DuckDuckGo feels like just a front for Microsoft at this point. I once looked into buying search ads on DuckDuckGo, only to discover to my horror that DDG didn't have its own ad business. DDG is entirely reliant on Microsoft's advertising system. You have to sign up for a Microsoft account to even put ads on DDG! And it's difficult — maybe impossible IIRC? — to specifically target DDG in those ads, without also targeting other MS properties. Until DuckDuckGo separates itself from Microsoft and becomes truly independent, especially in its business model, you have to question why DDG even exists. DDG was founded 14 years ago. I can understand initially bootstrapping on MS ads, but what's the excuse now? How about separating yourself from Microsoft first, before making a web browser that gives special exemptions to Microsoft? > very unsurprising to be honest How is it unsurprising? Where on https://duckduckgo.com/ or https://duckduckgo.com/about do they mention Microsoft or Bing? In fact they go out of their way to mention Google without ever mentioning Microsoft: "Is DuckDuckGo owned by Google? No, we are not and have never been owned by Google. We have been an independent company since our founding in 2008 and, unlike some other search engines, we don’t rely on Google’s results for any of our search results." > In particular, when people search, we believe they’re really looking for answers, as opposed to just links. I'm really looking for links. In fact I'd rather not have "answers" that the search engine just claims are true with little or no context. I trust search engines to search, and nothing more than that. They should not be a source of truth. I'm not claiming there's a cover-up. And I'm not claiming that this fact isn't known by some people. What I'm claiming is that the general public, including people who use DDG as their default search engine, are generally unaware of this relationship. And also that DDG doesn't go out of its way to highlight this relationship, even though they do acknowledge it in relatively obscure places. > DDG exists to make money for itself. It doesn't exist to protect your privacy. I don't think these are mutually exclusive. It all depends on how you make your money. I would love to advertise on a search engine that's independent of Google and Microsoft. Unfortunately, DuckDuckGo is not it. Slightly strange chart, it seems to be using 8 day intervals rather than weekly. So the entire period covered is the last 232 days, or approximately 8 months. Anyway, the chart is scary. I personally have not yet migrated my Chrome extensions from v2 to v3. > Just looking at the original title, I knew this was going to be a twitter post by a Brave employee posting either hearsay, or something taken out of context. This HN submission links to a tweet by a Brave employee. However, that tweet is just a screenshot of replies to the thread at https://twitter.com/thezedwards/status/1528808759027331072 written by a researcher who doesn't appear to be a Brave employee. I think it would be better if the link were directly to the tweet by Zach Edwards instead. Please read and follow the HN guidelines: https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html > By posting a screenshot, the poster removed all context. I was really talking about this HN submission, not the tweet. That person's Twitter account only has 600 followers. The linked article is somewhat bizarre. It says "Many who voted for Lamont in the primary may have switched to Lieberman in the general election to ensure his victory over Republican Alan Schlesinger." That's pure insanity. The 2006 Connecticut Senate election results were 50% Lieberman (I), 40% Lamont (D), 10% Schlesinger (R). The Republican was a non-factor who had no chance to win. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_United_States_Senate_elec... Joe Lieberman was the longtime, well-known incumbent and former Vice Presidential nominee. That 2006 election didn't change the country in the least; it was just more of the same old, same old. I don't understand. The vote was split between Democrats Lieberman and Lamont. Nobody voted for Lieberman because they were worried Schlesinger would win. Lamont himself beat Schlesinger by 30%. As the well-known longtime incumbent, Lieberman was ahead in the polls the entire general election. This was a reelection campaign, which he won. Anyone who wanted change could and did vote for Lamont. > prominent national third-parties have been run so poorly they've made people more likely to anyone (including independents) over third parties Could you elaborate on this? It's not clear to me that they are poorly run, especially relative to the two major parties. (I do agree with your overall point though https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31503188 ) > As soon as he gained power, he instituted mass propaganda and suppressed any dissent, so by the time he started annexing and invading Austria and Poland he was enjoying real and massive popular support. He was enjoying real and massive popular support before he gained power, otherwise he never would have gained power democratically in the first place. He didn't have majority support, but no political party in Germany at the time had majority support. > You're not even counting the second preference of that 10% who voted Schlesinger which is enough on its own to put the race on a knife edge with a decent voting system. Who do you think was their second preference? Lieberman was a "centrist" Democrat who gave a speech at the 2008 Republican National Convention endorsing McCain over Obama. Lamont criticized Lieberman for being too supportive of Republican policies. > A good example is the Reform Party, the most prominent party in the 90's The Reform Party was an extension of Ross Perot, who bought his way into the 1992 presidential election with his own immense wealth, and actually could have won that election — at one point he was leading the polls! — if he didn't have his own personal meltdown during the campaign. Perot ran again in 1996, with lesser results. When Perot faded from the political scene, so did the Reform Party. I would also mention that the Minnesota governor's seat won by the Reform Party was by famous professional wrestler Jesse The Mind/Body Ventura, who was already well-known before the Reform Party even existed. Ventura was elected mayor of Brooklyn Park, Minnesota in 1990, predating the Reform Party, and moreover, Ventura left the Reform Party a year after taking office as governor and joined the Independence Party instead. > You want to know the most successful third party at the moment in the U.S.? The Vermont Progressive Party. Vermont is one of the smallest states in the country by both population and physical size. Campaign fundraising is less of a problem there than in most places that require large spending on TV ads. One of the biggest disadvantages of third parties is lack of money. This is how Ross Perot succeeded where they did not: he had a ton of money. It doesn't seem to be mentioned by the EFF, but coincidentally, January 2023 is when Manifest v2 extensions stop working in Google Chrome: https://developer.chrome.com/blog/mv2-transition/ Some reasons: Objective-C compiles much faster. Fewer compiler errors. Fewer compiler crashes. Older projects still compile. The debugger is much more reliable. The entire Objective-C toolchain is more solid, because it's older, mature, and changes less. Also, easier compatibility with cross-platform C and C++ source. > You could write an opposite article featuring people using SwiftUI that have never touched UIKit or iOS code before and it would be nothing but glowing praise. How can one properly evaluate it with no point of comparison? If you've never tasted chocolate, then vanilla might seem like the greatest flavor ever. Yes. It's more or less a "link blog" with some commentary and always has been. Fair enough. In fairness to the blog author, iOS developers with more experience are more likely to be known to him and others. A little CSS to support dark mode and increase the text size. It's pretty basic and could be improved. :root { color-scheme: light dark; } * { background-color: revert !important; color: revert !important; font-size: revert !important; } center { text-align: left !important; } table#hnmain { width: 100% !important; } Firefox is adding V3 support for compatibility with Chrome but not removing V2 support: https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2022/05/18/manifest-v3-in-fi... > Also the third parties have a history of pushing clowns even worse than the main parties My Republican Senator from Wisconsin claimed that mouthwash could kill Covid. There is no worse clown. > Rich powerful people don't accept that truth, and keep trying to get what they want. But you can't always get what you want. So that's gonna be a hard lesson for Wil I think. In the very first paragraph of the article, Wil explained how he predicted, correctly, what the reaction would be from his parents. He's not in denial, not even close. > Wil wants her to admit what really happened, which she may never do. Does he? I didn't get that impression. "I made the choice to live the rest of my life without her and my dad and my brother in it." Did you intend to reply to me or to Lendal? Because you quoted Lendal and didn't address my point. Also, Wil said "I made the choice to live the rest of my life without her and my dad and my brother in it." > I loved watching TNG as a kid, but Wesley's scenes always made me cringe. Maybe this is why. That's all on the writers. It's not like Wil was writing his own character. IIRC Wil has actually complained about how the character was written. > I think people tend to get distracted by things as they get older. What things? > Children Some people have no children. People who do have children have them at various ages, sometimes very young. Some people ignore their children. Children tend to leave home within 20 years or so, leaving an "empty nest". > paying the mortgage How is that different from paying rent? And how exactly does it "distract" you? My mortgage payment was automatically deducted from my bank account, I didn't even have to think about it. Not to mention, eventually you pay off your mortgage and don't have to pay anymore. > taking care of elderly family This can also happen at almost any age. Or never. What about the distraction of raging young hormones. The distraction of personal uncertainty about life and the future. The distraction of financial insecurity. > Once I got past 30 and put in some weight, just sitting to study became harder, as back pain/discomfort comes real quickly. Sorry to hear that. Have you seen a doctor? This is not something that typically happens to 30somethings. > your self-maintenance burden only grows as you age People of all ages ought to exercise. Young people often play sports, no? > given you have the basics of life taken care by your family, it's easier to give a ton of attention to a few things (say, videogames or even the next big scientific breakthrough) I'm not aware of any big scientific breakthroughs achieved by teenagers living at home with their parents. > And one could, of course, argue against this argument; I think that there is no valid conclusion but "it depends." Not sure why you were arguing yourself in circles here. Yes, it depends. Everyone's life and life circumstances are different. It's a mistake to overgeneralize about what life is like at certain ages, and use that as the basis for ageism. "Older people are more distracted" just seems ridiculous to me. > Princeton telling people "This article was originally published at Aeon and has been republished under Creative Commons." > they can’t get ahead on merit "This is not to deny the industry and talent of successful people. However, it does demonstrate that the link between merit and outcome is tenuous and indirect at best." > The author's chief complaint about meritocratic systems is that they are not meritocratic enough Why do you say this? According to the author, "merit itself is, in large part, the result of luck. Talent and the capacity for determined effort, sometimes called ‘grit’, depend a great deal on one’s genetic endowments and upbringing." One reason I'm self-employed now is to avoid this whole flaming hoop audition game. Thankfully my customers don't want to test me. At this point I'm tired of arguing against coding interviews, because the same arguments have already been repeated ad nauseam, and the linked article doesn't seem to me to add anything new. I just don't want to hear about any "talent shortage", because too many programmers are being systematically excluded out of fear of the dreaded "false positive". > Juniors tend to do better in those, ironically enough. Is it ironic or intentional? Seems like a great way to hide age discrimination under the guise of "fairness" (everyone gets the same test). > The false negative is the obvious downside of the coding interview, but I wouldn't say that it means there's no merit to the excercise. Tell that to the people who are always the false negative. > Not saying this would be every time How often would you say it ever happens? This feels like a rather extreme level of paranoia. > I had one person start crying they put so much pressure on themselves, I had to take a two week break from interviewing after that. This is a sign that the hiring process is broken. It's not testing skill level, it's testing anxiety level. > You can't imagine how many people can't even do or know the basics. I can imagine it, because I've been that person. It's simple interview anxiety, which causes temporary but severe performance degradation. Then when the interview is over, the anxiety suddenly disappears, and you can even go back and do the same problems much more easily. But I suppose interviewers will just assume that my resume is a lie or that I managed to incompetently hold onto previous jobs. "CEO Eric Eric Schmidt stood out because he 'was the only candidate who had been to Burning Man.'" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Schmidt#cite_note-31 Funny how the "objective tests" that leaders apply to grunts never get applied to the leaders themselves. > The analogs of the traditional coding interview in the law school world are the LSAT and classroom timed memory tests. How are these analogous? LSAT is the Law School Admission Test. It gets you into law school. It doesn't get you a job as a lawyer. (The bar exam doesn't get you a job as a lawyer either.) And you only have to take it once, not for every job interview. I've written at length about this before, so I'll just give a link instead of repeating the whole screed, but it's a misconception to equate interview anxiety with job anxiety. They're distinct and not necessarily correlated. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31377459 > They probably don't think of it as lying. They just write down every possible thing they've ever thought or read about and exaggerate, gambling that they'll never be called on it. Well, job postings are infamous for listing a ridiculous number of "requirements" that aren't really requirements. Those who are familiar with hiring know that job postings themselves are lies and encourage people to ignore the requirements and apply anyway. Even the people who work for the hiring company say this! So it's a two-way street. There are already perverse incentives created by the hiring companies. And we also know that resumes are screened for specific buzzwords. You may not be recruited or interviewed unless unless your resume has the right buzzwords. > But firing is always such a big decision. Isn't that why managers get paid the big dollars, to make the big decisions? The whole rhetoric of the tech industry — taking risks, creative destruction, etc. — seems to completely fall apart when it comes to hiring, where everyone turns fearful and ultraconservative. > In my personal experience, that person completely tanks the productivity and moral of the entire team. A bad manager completely tanks the productivity and morale of the entire team too. And you can't fire your boss, you can only quit your job. > I’ll also point out you are not doing that person any favors by hiring them and firing them one month later (if your org is even capable of doing that). Not sure how it's relevant whether you're doing the incompetent person a favor or not? Hiring isn't about favors, it's an exchange of money for work. If there's no useful work, then the money has to stop. > Bad hires are disastrous. Seems a bit overstated to me. Do you have any examples of companies put out of business by a bad programmer hire? Coders come and go. Is it a "disaster" if your best coder leaves for another job? We're treating hiring as if it were like marriage and divorce, but it's not. When you hire someone, it's not "til death do us part". Breakups are expected. Too many companies make hiring much more difficult than it needs to be. They overthink it, and also waste way too much time on it. Find someone who seems right for the job, and hire them. If they don't work out, get rid of them and hire someone else. You might get unlucky at times with a bad hire, but you might also get lucky with an unexpectedly great hire. If you can't correct your mistakes quickly, that's a problem with your company's culture, not a problem with job candidates. I would argue that it's not a bad hire that demoralizes a team but rather a bad company culture that's incapable of correcting mistakes. > If it were true that Google, Microsoft, Apple, etc don’t know how to hire programmers effectively, this would be an incredibly powerful observation which you would want to keep top secret while silently beating the hiring market and building the most successful tech company of all time. Well, I'd like to have a word with the Apple Mac Mail app team. And the Disk Utility team. And some others... > And if you’re right, then you have a huge opportunity, because this suggests you can disrupt any vertical where the incumbent does the LeetCode thing. Only if you view hiring as the competitive advantage of Google/Microsoft/Apple. But everyone cargo cults the hiring practices of Google/Microsoft/Apple without becoming Google/Microsoft/Apple, which shows that it's not actually some magical unique competitive advantage. We can get into a discussion/argument about what is the competitive advantage of Google/Microsoft/Apple (which collectively own near 100% of the market for mobile OS, desktop OS, web browser, search, etc.), but that's kind of a tangent IMO. I will say that Google/Microsoft/Apple have a competitive advantage specifically in hiring (that is, getting many of the top candidates to apply) because of their prestige (a product of the aforementioned market dominance) and vast wealth. The latter in particular allows them to offer more compensation, especially stock compensation, than other companies. It's important to mention though that the formalized hiring practices of these companies are largely ex post facto and could only be put in place after they were already successful. It's unlikely they hired exactly in the same way during the early years. Steve Jobs was introduced to Steve Wozniack by a friend in high school! Nobody can plausibly claim that the success of the Apple II was due to "coding interviews". Larry Page and Sergey Brin met in college, where they were already working on the ideas that led to Google. Hiring doesn't just turn into success, that's not a reliable formula. You can set the bar as high as you like, but you won't be able to hire anyone if candidates just walk away from your obstacle course. Talented people put themselves through a lot of crap to work at BigCos because there's a big payoff working for a BigCo. That's what tends to make the BigCo hiring pool better than for other companies, not the hiring bar itself. You can afford to be extremely picky if you have a wealth of options to pick from. I wouldn't describe it as "amazing" hiring. I'd describe it as assembly line hiring. The results are amazing: Google/Microsoft/Apple are 3 out of the 4 largest companies in the world by market cap. And there's a hiring process — though I doubt the process has remained exactly the same from company founding to present. The question is how much if any the specific hiring process contributes to the results. I'd say there's a big difference between a company finding engineers and engineers throwing themselves at a company. The latter is what often occurs with BigCos. They have a big pool of candidates throwing themselves at the company, and the company gets to pick whomever they like from the pool. How much credit to due to the company for picking? Whereas I think you'd give a company more credit for going out and specifically recruiting/poaching one person they want, even if that person wasn't applying for a job with them. What do you mean by "robust"? There are only a handful of monopolists in the world (by definition), so in that respect no other comparable companies exist. But there are plenty of smaller companies who do well for themselves, relatively speaking, without cargo culting on BigCo hiring. And there are plenty of companies who cargo cult on BigCo hiring but who have not become a market leader. In fact there are graveyards full of failed startups who cargo culted BigCo hiring. So the hiring process doesn't clearly explain the financial results of the BigCos. It's difficult to agree or disagree with this comment, because it's so vague. For example, "on the whole they don't do well at delivering software, and have a reputation as terrible places to do software work." Are we supposed to just accept this claim without question? I have no idea which companies you're talking about. And I'm not sure that Apple and Amazon for example don't have reputations as terrible places to do software work, but again I'm not entirely clear on what you mean by that. Moreover, "good software" is also highly subjective and subject to dispute. I feel that the software coming from Apple and Google has gone downhill in the past decade. Are we to explain that by hiring? The financial numbers are indisputable for Apple, Microsoft, Google, Amazon, and Facebook. (Not sure the term FAANG even makes sense anymore.) But something like "reputation" is another matter entirely. There was no judgment of "taste" at all. This was all automated. "The Twitter violation algorithm took 3 minutes to detect, flag, lock my account, and send me an email. There is no way a human can read tweets so fast, so it’s a violation detection bot army doing at work. Doing this at scale means all tweets are following some fast regex, and likely, an AI is getting trained and making decisions." "You need a ton of focus to succeed overall, not just math. I think people tend to get distracted by things as they get older." So, what is the argument supposed to be here, that only renters can focus and succeed? This feels like it's getting totally ridiculous. But if you personally ran Twitter, would you ban someone's account for that dumb little joke? > would sudo rm -rf / get you banned too? No. Just one of many examples: https://twitter.com/littleblackLB/status/1530913184835457024 The joke was "interpreted wrong" by an algorithm, probably just some pattern matching with the words "kill" and "all". "The Twitter violation algorithm took 3 minutes to detect, flag, lock my account, and send me an email. There is no way a human can read tweets so fast, so it’s a violation detection bot army doing at work. Doing this at scale means all tweets are following some fast regex, and likely, an AI is getting trained and making decisions." If you acknowledge that there was a mindless bot behind this, not a human, and you also admit that you wouldn't ban an account over it, then why say "I can easily see why twitter flagged it and temporarily banned his account"? What kind of work is that statement doing? Moderation is not the same thing as security. Is there such a thing as "correctly written" code for moderation? Twitter automated moderation seems to be just pattern matching that needs to be later evaluated by a human... though it's not clear that Twitter actually bothers to have a human look at it. This is especially true for spam bot detection. Bots don't need a "bug" in the code in order to "exploit" Twitter. A bot just needs to be not labeled by Twitter as a bot. So the goal wouldn't be to find a bug in Twitter's open source code but rather just see how Twitter decides what is a bot and what is a human, and then make the bot slightly more human-like. But nobody in the world has a "correct" test to decide what's a human. > the vast majority of candidates don't panic during interviews and can in fact demonstrate their skills when asked Is this actually true? It's been widely and frequently claimed over the years that "199 out of 200 applicants for every programming job can't write code at all. I repeat: they can't write any code whatsoever." https://blog.codinghorror.com/why-cant-programmers-program/ > frankly a bit insulting to people who learned to control their emotions It's frankly a bit ignorant of human psychology to think that people can just "learn" to control their emotions. We're humans, not robots. Yes, you could go to a professional therapist, if you have both the time and money; it could take a lot of both. But if many people have to go to a therapist for the sole purpose of dealing with audition-style coding interviews, then maybe there's something seriously wrong with audition-style coding interviews. It's already bizarre that candidates with many years of experience in the field have to study intensely for job interviews. > and work under pressure I explained at length in the link from my previous comment that working under pressure is entirely different from interview pressure. > this kind of thing is exactly what he wants to end Serious question: Is Musk going to allow threats of violence on Twitter? The joking tweet in question wasn't a real threat of violence, but it's likely that Twitter's flawed algorithm flagged it as a threat of violence. So what about real threats of violence? Will those not be moderated at all under Musk? Musk also said he wants to crack down on spam. Which requires automated detection, due to the extremely high volume of spam on Twitter. Everything on Twitter has extremely high volume, making it impossible to moderate manually. But algorithms are very imperfect, so you get a bunch of false positives, or a bunch of false negatives, or both. I wonder how this problem will get solved? > And they appealed and then Twitter decided to uphold the decision. Does Twitter ever not uphold its own decisions? I have serious doubts whether an intelligent human ever looks at these cases. > Let's also not ignore the tweet and the thread is a really shitty joke. Then you go on to make a huge deal out of it? Just delete your dumb joke and move on. There are several problems. One: "By clicking Delete, you acknowledge that your Tweet violated the Twitter Rules." This is a forced confession of an innocent person. You don't see a problem with that? Another problem: You're forced to hand over your phone number to Twitter if you haven't yet. The same thing happened to me last year. https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/twitter4.html Just a few days ago, Twitter was fined (not enough) by the FTC for abusing the 2FA phone numbers of Twitter users for advertising purposes. https://www.engadget.com/ftc-twitter-targeted-advertising-21... The author's analogy is bad. On the software side, he's talking mainly about security. On the other side, he's talking mainly about build quality. But those two things are not really the same. No homebuilder pays liability if a criminal breaks into your house and steals your stuff. That's security and has nothing to do with build quality. If someone steals your car, does the auto manufacturer pay liability? No. Computer security is definitely a problem. But this argument by analogy simply doesn't work. Moreover, non-computer security is a problem too. (School shootings, anyone?) Anyway, talking about toilets and whether they work isn't helpful at all in this case. > I don’t think it’s extraordinarily controversial Do you have any evidence that people generally believe that renting is more conducive to success than homeowning? Should we take it as advice? "If you want to maximize your chances of success, don't buy a house!" Strangely though, most successful people do own a home. Sometimes more than one! When exactly is it ok to buy a home, and why do successful people do it, if it makes them less focused? > Do you think it’s easier to succeed running one business or a dozen? Why? A dozen, of course. Because if you're running a dozen businesses, you likely have a lot of financial resources. And since many businesses fail, you have a greater chance of at least one of them succeeding. (Do I even need to mention that the richest person in the world has multiple businesses and is trying to buy yet another?) I found this article strange, because the author seemed to be reversing cause and effect. Isn't "shared context" — trust, loyalty, love, belonging, safety — the result of friendship rather than the cause of friendship? How can you trust and be loyal to someone you just met? "We can’t help but desperately compete in this unwinnable game of having the best collection of attributes to show off." I don't get it, because friends don't need each other to be the best person in the world at any given thing. Having things in common seems to be enough, no? Does anyone need to be "unique", a special snowflake in the world? In some sense friends are interchangeable, in that it's a total accident of circumstances which few of the billions of people on Earth you happen to hang out with. But I'm not clear on why "global uniqueness" is necessary for friendship. That seems to be an impossible standard, and it's not the basis of any friendship I've ever had. "In my early attempts to make friends, I tried inviting people with shared interests to activities like sailing or grabbing brunch". I think the missing ingredient here is simply time. It's hard to become friends in just a few hours. [Edit:] "One way to create a shared context is through shared struggle. This is why many organizations implement ritualized hazing to initiate new members, but the important thing is not the hazing, it’s the sense that you are working together with your fellow humans to achieve a super-human goal." The super-human goal of getting your butt paddled by a frat boy? No, hazing is just a perverse power play, nothing more. They do hazing because they can, and get a kick out of it. Are you close friends with everyone you served with, though? Isn't there someone in the military you didn't like? ;-) AFAICT the formula for friendship is pretty simple: time + shared interests + personality/chemistry. The military is a good way to spend a lot of time together, and maybe a shared interest too. The article author was basically asking "How can we make new friends?" and mentions sailing, brunch, and borrowing a neighbor's wifi. Whereas you're talking about... going to war. It just feels like you're discussing something quite a bit beyond the article. I had some close friends among schoolmates, but I wouldn't characterize our relationship as "sacrifice and obligation". What does that even mean to a 12 year old? What does it mean to a college undergrad? I can understand what it means in the military, but that's a rather unique situation in life. > I use the term "hazing" broadly to mean any way of excluding members from joining an organization. For example, a job interview is a form of "hazing". I agree that whiteboarding is ritualized hazing. ;-) But otherwise, you can't just take a term that everyone understands in a certain way and then claim that it means something completely different. Job interviews aren't ritualized hazing, they're part of the hiring process. [Insert reference to Wittgenstein's private language argument.] Yes, here's the problem: anyone in the world can write an article about any subject and submit it to HN. In fact the author himself submitted this article to HN. But the author seems to have no particular expertise on the subject matter of the article. The author is a software engineer writing about friendship. And the author's own comments here have just made things worse and more muddled: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31565028 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31564818 The subject matter, friendship, is of interest to many people, but what obligation do we have to take a non-expert screed seriously? Especially since the article itself seems to be problematic in several ways, at best extremely vague. It's amateur armchair philosophizing. > I've had people seriously panic maybe once or twice in that entire time. I think you're making too much of the example of the candidate crying. That is indeed an outlier case, not the norm. But the crying case is an undeniable sign that job candidates can get extremely anxious during an interview, in a way that affects their performance. The issue isn't "breakdowns" per se, the issue is that coding tests are testing anxiety level rather than skill level. Ironically, most job candidates are in fact "controlling their emotions", as you say: they may show no outward sign of breakdown or panic, but on the inside, their mind and stomach are churning heavily, and this makes it difficult to perform at their normal level. Everyone is trying to act calm and collected during an interview, but often it's merely an act, and they're actually not calm and collected at all. What you perceive from the outside as incompetence may be a whole different story on the inside for the candidate. https://www.engr.ncsu.edu/news/2020/11/11/tech-sector-job-in... Anxiety isn't all or nothing. There's a wide spectrum between totally calm and crying breakdown. When there's a crying breakdown, it's easy to recognize, but anxiety is not so easy to recognize if there's not a breakdown. > I've done a lot of interviews and nobody ever mentioned having to prepare for them. Why would they mention it, even if they did prepare? > That idea seems to be a relatively recent idea (last ~10 years or so) and is probably a result of so many people competing for very highly paid jobs at a small number of firms. Regardless, we're living in the present now, under current conditions, not living in the past, so for the purposes of getting a job, it doesn't really matter when the idea originated. > Normally candidates aren't nervous, but just can't program. How do you know their level of nervousness? You can't read minds. > You seem to be suggesting something totally unfalsifiable - that candidates who do a bad job aren't actually bad programmers, but are just nervous inside in undetectable ways. Heh. It's only unfalsifiable if you ignore a person's previous experience and accomplishments, refusing to acknowledge anything other than your own interview as an accurate gauge of the person's skills. Also, I'm literally telling you that it happens to me. (And I've heard many people say it happens to them.) So either I'm a liar, or you have to admit that it happens. Go ahead and call me a liar if that's what you want to believe, but I'm not even trying to get a job anymore. I'm happily self-employed now, and my customers also seem very happy with my coding skills. The term "control your emotions" is somewhat vague. You can hide your emotions, but that doesn't mean you're not experiencing the emotions. An extreme example of that is if you "put on a brave face" after a personal tragedy. You may not cry and break down, but that doesn't mean the sadness doesn't affect you severely. The reason I mentioned therapy is that you'd probably need therapy in order to somehow train yourself to not even feel the emotions in the first place in situations where they arise automatically for you, i.e., to not have certain phobias at all. > the sort of issues I'd associate with nervousness Have you considered that you might not have a full understanding and appreciation for human psychology and the wide variance among humans? > this is exactly why we shouldn't do student loan debt forgiveness. The root core of the issue wouldn't at all be addressed This is a false dichotomy. The root core of the issue should be addressed. However, that would require an act of Congress, whereas federal student loan forgiveness can be accomplished immediately via executive action. This is why people are calling for it now, because it can be done right now. Also, the President promised to do so multiple times during his campaign. > Universities can charge more, and students can continue to take out larger loans Universities are already charging more, and students are continuing to take out larger loans despite the lack of forgiveness. > I can't be the only one who feels like this is "buying votes". Votes are already bought by wealthy campaign contributors. Anyway, aren't politicians supposed to help the public financially? If a politician campaigns on tax cuts, tax credits, and tax incentives, isn't that also "buying votes"? Which politician is not buying votes with their stated economic policies? Income is not wealth. Especially when you factor in student loan debt! You can make a higher income than another person but still be poorer than them because of debt. Also, income can change a lot from year to year. My income certain has. If the economy goes to pot, suddenly a lot of people with higher income will become unemployed. And the years you spend in school are typically very low or no income, so you're not building any wealth during those years. And if you go to graduate school, it's even more years of low to no income. > It's no wonder why the proposal is very unpopular. It's actually quite popular: https://www.forbes.com/sites/zackfriedman/2022/04/18/student... > A college graduate will earn $900,000 more than a non-college graduate over their lifetime. A male college graduate, on average. https://www.ssa.gov/policy/docs/research-summaries/education... "Men with bachelor's degrees earn approximately $900,000 more in median lifetime earnings than high school graduates. Women with bachelor's degrees earn $630,000 more. Men with graduate degrees earn $1.5 million more in median lifetime earnings than high school graduates. Women with graduate degrees earn $1.1 million more." Of course these are just averages. There's no guarantee that any given person will earn even a penny more. Not to mention that not everyone who goes to college even finishes their degree, but they accumulate the debt regardless. > Maybe we should focus our money on making college costs more affordable rather than forgiving loans Why not both? The thing is, the people who make a lot of money after college are able to pay off their debt. The real problem is the people who get stuck with debt for decades, unable to pay it off. It's a lifetime burden. Senior citizens are a very fast growing group of student loan debtors. I don't necessarily believe that you should forgive student loan debt the minute someone walks out of graduation. But what about decades later? Anyway, it's important to remember that these lifetime earnings numbers don't include college costs. You have to subtract those. Unless your parents pay for your college, in which case you have no student loan debt. > Yes I went to a cheap state school that I could afford. The state school prices have gone way up too. It's possible that the state school you could afford back then would no longer be affordable now. (By the way, I had to go to a state school too instead of a nicer school that accepted me, because of money. And yet, I still accumulated student loan debt! Because college is pretty expensive no matter what.) Saddling people with a lifetime of student loan debt is a moral hazard that has already occurred. Moreover, college students are already taking out more debt, and universities are already raising tuition, despite the lack of forgiveness. Would a one-time forgiveness cause an increase in college costs? I don't know, maybe? And if it did, by how much? I don't know, do you? Maybe the problem needs to get worse in order to put pressure on Congress to finally address it comprehensively. And if Congress still refuses to address the problem despite its getting worse, then you can no longer argue that we need to wait for a comprehensive solution, because that's not coming. Perhaps the occasional forgiveness event is the best and only thing we can do in the face of persistent gridlock. I hope not, but... > Pretty much. At least the sort of degrees that leave you 100k+ in debt with no way to repay it. Poor kids don't have the luxury of making mistakes like that. How do you figure? Poor kids qualify for federally subsidized student loans. I suspect the whole debate is a bit skewed because it tends to ignore admissions. You can't go to an expensive college if you can't get admitted to an expensive college. Your family background and wealth tends to be a big factor in whether kids can get admitted to college, for many reasons. It seems to be assumed that poor kids are just more "prudent" and other kids are recklessly throwing money away. More likely is just that poor kids get admitted to more expensive schools at a lower rate. The whole point of student loans is that they're taken by people who can't afford to pay for college upfront. If poor kids are passing up the opportunity to go to great schools for purely financial reasons, why would we even celebrate that, instead of mourning their lost opportunities? I suspect the reality, however, is that poor kids aren't getting well prepped for college admissions, for well-known social reasons. That's not fair either, but I think it's cynical to try to play poor people and middle class people against each other just because middle class kids understandably want upward mobility — which poor kids want too, but simply have less access to such opportunities. It's always weird when people mention the average lifetime earnings of college graduates, because you have to ask yourself why the so-called "prudent" poor kids who don't go to college are passing that up. It just feels to me like people want to shut down all upward mobility, and punish the ambitious middle class kids for even trying. What's the alternative to taking on big student loan debt, besides "staying in your place" and letting rich kids who can pay for expensive things upfront have all the best opportunities? The other thing is that ambitious middle class parents and teachers are pushing their kids to go to college, indeed the best college possible, even if the kids aren't really ready for it or know what they want to do with their life yet. Everyone is telling the kids they have to go to college, that they can't get a job without a degree, etc. The pressure on kids from adults is massive. It's practically propaganda or brainwashing. There's nothing these adults love more than to brag about their kids, who end up as pawns in the social one-upmanship game of the adults. This would actually be better than $10K forgiveness, which is kind of a drop in the bucket for people who are really struggling with student loan debt, despite the previous commenter thinking the amount is "egregious". > Which is often the right thing to do unless you have very specific knowledge of that experience e.g. a referral You're missing the forest for the trees. This is not a job interview, it's just the two of us talking, and I'm stating that many people who are not stage performers experience "stage fright" in an audition-style interview, which severely but only temporarily hinders their performance. If you acknowledge this fact, then you have to start to wonder whether audition-style interviews are accurately measuring skill level, or whether they're mainly measuring anxiety. And you may have to reevaluate whether a flubbed interview indicates that a candidate "can't code" and is a "faker", as opposed to just freezing from stage fright. This is not even to claim that there are zero liars out there. But you have to wonder about the percentage of liars, if there are alternative explanations for poor interview performance. The level of paranoia in hiring programmers seems totally absurd to me. > How are you proving your skills to customers I am making a product, as well as contracting sometimes. But nobody wants to test me. They trust my experience and aren't ultra-paranoid that I might be a faker who can't code. > if you can't handle job interviews This is not accurate. I can handle job interviews. I'm not good at auditions . An audition is a very specific kind of interview, and rather perverse for hiring people who mainly work sitting by themselves. > That isn't a flaw in the interviewing process, that's the point of it! Disagreed. It seems that coders tend not to recognize how coding test interviews are not the norm in the world for interviews. They're quite unusual. Most people don't have to audition for a job. An interview is a two-way street: both the interviewer and interviewee are trying to determine whether the job is right for them, and whether they want to work together. A test is very one-sided. > it’s just a way to separate the wheat (people who are intrinsically interested in programming) from the chaff (people who picked programming instead of law/finance/medicine because it pays better right now) Why would you assume that self-trained developers are intrinsically interested in programming? Passionate about what? If they're more passionate about their side projects than about the work you're paying them to do, that seems like trouble. I love how the article's chart shows Millennial and Boomer, once again erasing the existence Generation X. > Honestly, your post is one of the most vile and disgusting comments I have ever seen on HN. > I don't know where these authoritarian people like you are coming from, telling others that they are worthless if they don't sign up for a life of financial suffering. Wow, this is completely nuts! You've wildly, recklessly misinterpreted me. I strongly urge you to reread the HN guidelines. https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html What I believe is basically the exact opposite of what you seem to think I believe. I was actually arguing in defense of immediate student loan debt forgiveness (evidenced by my other comments on this article such as https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31570258 ). By the way, I also support government-subsidized higher education for everyone, like we have for high school. Of course I don't want people in debt slavery! Seriously, your comment was unhinged. Maybe you need to take some time off the internet. defaults write com.apple.finder QuitMenuItem -bool YES > Rawls for some reason focused only on "within a country" so he failed to recognize that the true application of veil of ignorance should push us towards open borders and more aid to developing nations. Rawls discussed this in the later work "The Law of Peoples". > Rawls is the guy who is probably most responsible for corruption of the word "justice", which used to mostly mean "the proper administration of law". The definition of justice has been debated since at least Plato's "Republic" more than 2000 years ago. > But why should I want to design my society for the benefit of the dishonest, the slothful, and the wicked? It's not designed to benefit them, it's designed to benefit the least fortunate. Put it this way: what's the "harm" of dishonesty? If a dishonest person ends up being the worst off in society, then dishonesty has no advantage. Can you even say in that case that dishonesty causes harm? Whereas if someone uses dishonesty to gain personal advantage, then that person is not the worst off in society, and so the society is not designed to benefit them. You might even say that the society is designed to benefit the victims of dishonesty, not the perpetrators. > its difficult to say any two people, let alone cultures from different eras, will impart the same meaning to a term This actually sounds like the exact opposite of Wittgenstein, who argued against the idea of a "private language". > perhaps that resolves the discrepancy? No. > everyone who pointed issues out upfront was marginalized, factchecked™, downvoted and/or vilified This feels overdramatic. Especially if you're just complaining about social media, where everyone is arguing about everything all the time. They acknowledged the mistake, therefore everyone who pointed out issues wasn't dismissed. > anyone who dared to question the status quo was treated like a traitor. What is "the status quo"? A study was released recently. People pointed out some errors in the study. The errors were acknowledged. Where's the "traitor" part here? > It was not socially accepted to ask if someone died with Covid or from Covid. Except this had nothing whatsoever to do with the estimation errors or the correction in the WHO study. Not to mention that there's nothing uniquely German about your complaint. Germany was revised downward. Sweden was revised upward. The rest of the countries remained the same. What does "socially accepted" even mean? There seems to be literally nothing in society that isn't the subject of some debate. > They are acknowledging it >2 years after the fact. The study was released only a month ago! May 5, 2022 https://www.who.int/news/item/05-05-2022-14.9-million-excess... The story here is that corrections were made to the numbers for 2 countries in a recent study covering the whole world. The story is not "WHO repudiates everything it ever said". Who are you complaining about though, the World Health Organization, or just people on social media? If the latter, it's not clear how the comment is even relevant to the linked article. I would repeat what I said about this being overdramatic. If people called you names online, well, sticks and stones. People have been nasty to each other on the internet for almost as long as the internet has existed. There are nasty, bitter debates now online about... Star Wars. The level of victimhood being claimed doesn't seem warranted by empirical reality. Criticism is not ostracism. The other day someone said my comment on student loan debt was "one of the most vile and disgusting comments I have ever seen on HN". Seriously. Student loan debt. (I'd like to know where the HN moderators are, by the way.) The person was clearly a jerk, but I'm not going to claim that I've been ostracized by society for my opinion. Did they ever have credibility? CNN came to prominence during the first Iraq invasion, because of their live coverage from inside Iraq. What are the important stories that CNN broke? I can't remember any. They don't seem very big on "investigative" reporting. I suspect the web has changed that a lot. It used to be that CNN was all video, on television. Now people have shifted their news consumption to mainly online text. You can still have web video, of course, but the video/text ratio has changed dramatically in the past 30 years for CNN. Also, anyone with a smartphone can take video and post it online, so video is not as much at a premium anymore. Professional reporters have been obsoleted somewhat by amateurs. That too. It looks like CNN just replaced "breaking news" with "live updates". There are currently 4 "live updates" on cnn.com, including "Biden to deliver speech on guns tonight", which is obviously not live. Impossible, because Safari is missing crucial API needed by uBlock Origin. https://developer.apple.com/documentation/safariservices/saf... Incidentally, missing API is also why uBlock Origin will either die or be significantly limited in Google Chrome with Manifest version 3. (I'm not sure of Gorhill's plans.) Remember when Marissa Mayer eliminated WFH at Yahoo? Seemed to work out well for them. > You act like exploitation of employees is exclusive to Tesla, or even the tech industry. Where did the OP say or imply that? The OP seems to be referring to "working tons of overtime to get ahead" and not "capitalism in general". Nonetheless, both China and Russia have switched from communism to capitalism while remaining violently bad, so it seems dubious that this is determined by the economic system rather than the political system. > How about reading the article instead of the headline. "Please don't comment on whether someone read an article." https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html > surprised by the concept of at-will employment I seriously doubt the OP was surprised by the concept of at-will employment. What the OP said was "Anyone that works 50 hr weeks for this dude is out of their mind." In other words, they are doing it voluntarily, but it's still a bad idea for them, maybe even delusional. If you've ever had a bad exit from an employer, you start to rethink the sacrifices you made for the employer while you were there. > It's hard not to be long Tesla and take this financial turbulence as that, turbulence. This is an investor perspective though, not an employee perspective. When it comes to jobs, "just sit and wait" is not necessarily the best strategy. > They are a private company Not yet. Twitter is still a publicly owned company. > After all, it’s their right to as a private company. Why do people always use the term "private company"? Twitter is a publicly owned corporation. If the Musk deal goes through, it'll be private. But I'm not sure what work the word "private" is supposed to be doing. Food and gas prices are already inflated now. It's not clear how people paying even more for these would help the economy. It feels redundant. How many government companies are there in the US? Except, how many government owned companies are there in the US? What's the point in saying "private company" if 99.99+% of companies are private? I think there's a kind of ideology behind the phrase that personifies companies, giving them "rights" that become even more important than individual human rights. And there's the weird idea that companies can do whatever they want, despite the mountains of government regulation of corporate behavior. Almost every use of "private company" is in contrast to a publicly traded company. Except when people start talking about "rights", and then they're apparently using it in a different way, which I find very odd and ideological. > But as other comments have already mentioned, you are confusing two different meaning of private/public. No, I'm not not confused. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31609113 > OP is implying that a theoretical public sector social network I dispute that the OP was implying or even thinking anything about a theoretical public sector social network. > The government controls some things. Companies control some other things. The government actually controls companies. In fact they wouldn't exist as legal entities without the government. I feel there is a common misconception that "private companies can do whatever they want", belied by the existence of government regulation, but nonetheless a misconception regularly employed to dismiss antitrust concerns, for example. > The private nature of the company is the specific thing that matters here. Is it? Actually, no argument has been given why a government owned company couldn't block links to whatever the government wanted. > surely this discussion on HN is not genuinely the first time you've ever been exposed to it? Of course it's not the first time. That's precisely why I'm making a big deal out of it, because I've seen it over and over. I'm suggesting that there's a kind of unwarranted ideology behind the usage that doesn't accurately reflect the legal reality, and gives the impression that companies have unlimited rights when in fact they're strictly regulated in countless ways. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31609113 We could talk about Section 230, for example, which is obviously important with regard to Twitter and whether it can operate. It feels to me like people are "working overtime" to handwave about "government owned companies", of which nobody has given any examples. Nor have they explained why a government owned company wouldn't have the right to block any links that the government wanted to block. If anything, a government owned company would probably be treated as exempt from some rules that apply to "private" companies. Why wouldn't a theoretical public sector social network have the right to block any links that the government wanted to block? > I don't think anyone is unaware of the concept of law. They're aware of the concept of law but frequently unaware of specific laws. ;-) > Aside from all of the additional accounting/reporting/etc. burdens placed on publicly-traded companies, there are no differences in legal requirements between publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Not sure why you mention this when everyone in the comments here insists that publicly-traded and privately-held companies are both included under "private company" in this discussion. > The USPS can't refuse to deliver a postcard because they don't like what it says, for example. Well, it actually must refuse if the receiver doesn't like it what it says. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rowan_v._United_States_Post_Of... "the sender does not have a constitutional right to send unwanted material into someone's home" > Obviously the receiver rejecting something is entirely different from the USPS rejecting something. How is the difference relevant? Also, the USPS can refuse to deliver child porn. Indeed, Twitter itself must remove child porn. > why are you doing this? I think that "theoretical government run social network" is a total red herring. Everyone in the comments is trying to tell me that "private company" is somehow a useful phrase to distinguish from "government run company", and I think the phrase and the distinction is doing zero work. I'm just following along with the game and trying to explain that the government/non-government distinction doesn't even help the argument. The fact that Twitter is not run by the government is irrelevant, and saying that it's a "private company" doesn't magically exempt it from government regulation that may affect what it can and can't do. It's kind of funny, when a big corporation does something terrible, half of the time the defense is "a private company can do whatever it wants", and the other half of the time the defense is "the lawyers made them do it", which is the exact opposite and contradictory idea. It's too late to edit the above comment, but let me clarify: When I ask, Why do people always use the term "private company", this is somewhat of a rhetorical question. I'm not asking for an explanation of what "private company" means, as if I were an ignorant simpleton. That's the uncharitable reading of my comment. Rather, I'm asking for the justification of the use of "private company" as a rhetorical term in the defense of the actions of corporations. I see this rhetorical usage constantly. Everyone knows that Twitter is a company. That Apple is a company. That Google is a company, etc. And everyone knows that these companies are not run by the government. None of this ever needs to be explained in an argument. So the question is, what rhetorical force do people think the term "private company" gives them in defense of corporate actions? Or maybe the question is, what's the psychology behind the use of this form of rhetoric? There are various government regulations that do or could be applied to these companies. Antitrust is very relevant for the tech giants. Communications Decency Act. Whether these regulations actually will be applied to these companies is another question, but it's a legitimate debate that can't be simply dismissed by "private company, anything goes". > You're arguing against something I never said, which is that private companies can do whatever they want. True. My original reply in this thread was to the user "rvz". Then you replied to my reply. What's your basis for these statements? You can't keep an iOS app always listening though. Let me add: 1. The playing song's time elapsed and time remaining are only displayed when you hover over the toolbar and disappear otherwise. WTF?!? 2. Sometimes when I press play, the app goes into an endless shuffle where it keeps selecting new random songs and doesn't play anything. I have to quit the app and start over. 3. The delete key stopped working in a selected song in a playlist on Monterey. 4. The Filter field doesn't appear in the window unless I press option-command-f first. Sigh. 6 figures yes. 7 figures no. > It almost seems intended to embarrass Grayden Ridd, since his is the only name mentioned. Are we sure he was an FBI agent? There's a reference to court testimony by FBI agent Grayden Ridd in this 2013 story about Robert McFarlane (of Iran-Contra infamy). https://www.cnn.com/2013/03/21/us/mcfarlane-sudan/index.html (I somehow didn't see in the news that McFarlane died last month.) FBI tried to ambush a whistleblower. You can say that whistleblowing is a crime, but what if the whistleblower has evidence of even greater crimes being committed? That makes the ambush a cover-up. > That's... I mean that's the FBI's job. That leak is clearly illegal, it's a crime. Their job is to enforce the law. Ask yourself if the FBI is investigating the NSA. Did the FBI investigate the NSA before Snowden? You can enforce the law very selectively, prosecuting whistleblowers who are trying to reveal evidence of crimes committed by the government itself. Well, the reporter claims to have audio recordings of plans for the ambush (presumably, recordings reviewed by the reporter's editors at least), and the FBI apparently considered it important enough to send a whole big team to Belgium. Who knows if the source had anything, but it seems the FBI was very worried. > This lawyer was informing the FBI on the journalist's source The lawyer introduced the journalist to the source. So at the very least, the source seems to have trusted the lawyer too. It also sounds like the lawyer provided the journalist with the audio recordings of phone calls about the ambush. > The journalist has spooks all over him. Not sure what this is supposed to mean exactly. It's pretty much a given that if you're reporting on national security, the government has its eyes on you. "In January 2014 — just as the FBI was planning its ambush operation — the U.S. Supreme Court was asked to hear arguments over my subpoena in the leak case involving the mismanaged CIA program. At the time, I was facing the possibility of going to prison for refusing to reveal my sources if the Supreme Court did not rule in my favor." Risen said the NYT killed his story about the CIA, which was later published in his book and caused the Obama administration to subpoena him for his sources. > I doubt the source existed, the lawyer sounds like a fantasist and both the reporter and FBI fell for his stories. Except that Risen said he already met the source. The ambush was for their follow-up meeting. > There are legal avenues for whistleblowing through IGs and/or Congress. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump%E2%80%93Ukraine_scandal In this case the legal avenues were followed, yet the Director of National Intelligence decided not to inform Congress of the whistleblower report, despite being legally required. The administration could have squelched the report if Michael Atkinson hadn't informed Congress himself, and of course Atkinson was later fired by the President. Why should a whistleblower trust the very administration they're ratting out? StopTheMadness is not an ad blocker. It can run user scripts though. Hi, the company is just me, Jeff. I've been a Mac developer for over 15 years. There's a link to my résumé from the product page, as well as links to reviews of the extension from well-known tech media. This is just the nature of JavaScript, it has the power to do pretty much anything in a web page. My goal is to write "good" JavaScript to counteract the "bad" JavaScript of user-hostile web pages. > keep in mind false negatives have almost no downside Can it be said that refusing to hire women, for example, has almost no downside? In my opinion, this is a kind of ethical issue, because the "false negatives" are not just random. Audition-style coding quiz interviews tend to systematically discriminate against people who don't interview often, who haven't recently studied CS in college, who don't have time to "train" for interviews, or who tend to have situational anxiety in job interviews (which is fairly common, and not an indicator of on-the-job anxiety). A study sponsored by Microsoft itself showed that these interviews test for anxiety rather than skill. https://news.ncsu.edu/2020/07/tech-job-interviews-anxiety/ Remember that the author said, "A few weeks later I’m about to go in for my interview and I’m so nervous I can barely think straight." These screening tests were all-or-nothing, so if he flubbed the question, he was eliminated. You might respond, "Well, he made it through the onsite interviews." Yes, that's precisely why using coding tests as screening is so pernicious, because a short screening test is not a good indicator of what someone can do given more time and under better working conditions. > caveat: I wasn’t hired using that test; I had been hired as a junior long before, based on my portfolio and a short interview That's always the catch. The founders and initial employees of a company never had to go through the crappy hiring process that the company adds later as it gets bigger. And then we claim that the tests make tech a "meritocracy" and "objective", but those at the top are exempt from the tests. I would choose the thoughtful person instead of the overconfident person 100% of the time. > I desperately wish there were some kind of equivalent to the Bar Association for software. There are many bar associations, not just one. The American Bar Association is a voluntary organization with no punishment power. Some US states have mandatory bar associations, other states don't. Whenever someone suggests a professional organization governing software, it's usually overlooked that all such organizations are only regional. Ultimately, the power derives from local governments. > 2) don’t take N years off from your career. I don't think the author is looking for life advice from you. "Being a stay-at-home mum was my choice." She doesn't appear to be kicking herself for becoming a mother. Whether she "expected" this or not, whether it was a "surprise", is not particularly relevant. That's not the issue, it's a red herring. She made her choice, willingly, and now she's looking to restart her career. It feels like some commenters are looking more to be judgmental than helpful. The survival of humanity itself depends on people having and raising children. But then we turn around and act like it's some kind of personal mistake, a poor choice for which someone deserves social punishment, as opposed to a natural part of life. Why is a gap in someone's résumé viewed as abnormal rather than expected? If anyone deserves to be lectured, it's the employers who are "surprised" that résumé gaps occur and "expect" candidates to have no gaps. Also iOS. > I'm still a little conflicted in that, I don't know if it's "ethical" for me to block ads StopTheMadness is not an ad blocker, so there's no ethical dilemma in that respect. > Because biology. Mothers have to take time off work (to give birth), fathers don’t. This is not true. Just google "woman gives birth at work" for many examples. https://www.newsweek.com/colorado-woman-gives-birth-car-deal... Also, in general, American workers tend to get fewer days off work than European workers, but it doesn't have to be that way. Let's say a woman works 45 years during her life. That's well over 10,000 working days. And let's say she has 2 kids. How many days off do you think she needs, medically speaking, for childbirth? The percentage is very very low. The article author did not expect to get her old job back. Nor did she expect to come back at the exact same level as before. "I started my career hunting by applying to many junior positions." She's just looking for a job in her field. So you're arguing against a straw man. Or straw woman. > I cannot take an argument that switches are harder to use than checkboxes, for example, in good faith. In good faith, what does that even mean? As explained in the article, using switches rather than checkboxes is actually against Apple's own Human Interface Guidelines: "Avoid using a switch to control a single detail or a minor setting." "In general, don't replace a checkbox with a switch." "Use a checkbox instead of a switch if you need to present a hierarchy of settings." In general, the switch control is unintuitive. With a physical switch, you would need to move the knob horizontally. But the GUI switch behaves like a checkbox, in that one click/touch will toggle it. You can "grab" the graphical knob and move it horizontally, but that's slower than a single click, and I've found sliding on those controls to be somewhat unreliable on touch screens (if done rapidly in a swiping motion). So the appearance of the switch gives you the opposite impression of how it is most efficiently used. You have to "know the trick" that the switch behaves like a checkbox to think that the switch offers a bigger click target. However, this thinking is incorrect, because the trick to a checkbox, if you know it, is that you can also click the checkbox text, so that's a larger click target than the switch. I wouldn't expect non-pro users to know this, but I also wouldn't expect non-pro users to know that you don't have to slide a switch horizontally. "The most widely noted change in Mv3 – and there are many that have significant implications – is the removal of the blocking version of the webRequest API, which is being replaced by an API called declarativeNetRequest." Safari supports and will continue to support v2, but Safari never supported blocking webRequest. > After hunting through the website I found the tiny "get old version" in the footer. I entered my license key and was told it was already used. I wrote to the support email and was told that "Mumu" was discontinued and "Mumu X" was a new app that I'd have to buy it again. The "already used" message sounds to me like maybe the app has an online license check that's still registered to your old Mac. If you still have the old Mac, it might be possible to unregister the app on there. Otherwise, it sounds like support might be confused about your situation. Any app that has a license check like this ought to have a way to migrate to a new Mac. So tired of people proclaiming RSS "dead". Some of us have been using RSS all along and never stopped using it. There are still plenty of native RSS clients. Google Reader is not RSS. In fact it's better that Google doesn't control RSS; no company should control it. You can talk about how Google killed their RSS support. How Twitter killed their RSS support. How Apple added and then removed RSS from Safari. But RSS lives on, it can't be killed. Many news sites continue to publish RSS feeds, you just need to know how to find them. How many death proclamations does RSS need? At this point it's become a joke, like the old Saturday Night Live Weekend Update, "Generalissimo Francisco Franco is still dead." Yes, the comment timestamps are also wrong. My comment from yesterday now says "2 hours ago". > How much more dead do you need something to be before it's worth talking about? This is a strange question. One normally doesn't talk about dead technologies at all, except perhaps nostalgically. "Hey, remember Netscape Navigator?" Declaring RSS dead doesn't have the rhetorical effect that you intend, as the dead can't be brought back to life. > I'm sorry you think it's cliché. It's not just me. A lot of people upvoted and/or agreed with my comment, so I would take that as a sign that the "RSS is dead" rhetoric is counterproductive and distracting to your points. I feel the same about the old people/kids shtick, by the way. If you're trying to make a serious point and actually change things, don't turn it into a joke. I don't think you understand the context here. These are not web certificates, they're code signing certificates. There's only one CA in this case, and that's Apple, who issues Developer ID certificates to registered Mac developers to sign their apps, which are then distributed to users and installed on their Macs. Whenever an installed app is launched, macOS checks whether the code signing certificate has been revoked by Apple. So OCSP stapling is effectively irrelevant here. "The same thing can happen in technology companies that get monopolies." "The people that can make the company more successful are sales and marketing people, and they end up running the companies. And the product people get driven out of the decision making forums, and the companies forget what it means to make great products. The product sensibility and the product genius that brought them to that monopolistic position gets rotted out." https://youtu.be/P4VBqTViEx4 > each Mx macOS update phones home a) in plaintext and b) with hardware unique identifiers (your ARM's ECID) on every single OS update Question about this article: At what point exactly during the update process does this happen? As a workaround, could one do softwareupdate --download from Terminal, turn off your internet connection, and then do softwareupdate --install? > No, the machine (if set to full security) needs a signed ticket from Apple specific to your hardware (ECID) to run. Thanks. I see now that it's somewhat documented by Apple, except the plaintext aspect. So it seems that "Reduced Security" would be the workaround. https://support.apple.com/guide/security/startup-disk-securi... They said "over the the next year" in November 2020. It's now June 2022. It should have been in Monterey, which shipped October 25, 2021. Except it wasn't just a private plan: Apple made a public written statement about the timeline, in response to a disaster (the Mac "appocalypse") and the resulting public criticism. So this should have been a very high priority. This article was already submitted 22 days ago and 1 month ago. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31518939 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31269367 (11 comments) > They could permanently lose every customer who has ever sent them a Feedback and the CFO wouldn’t even notice Most of the customers who file Feedbacks are app developers, so yes, they would notice, because the App Store would suddenly be empty. > uBlock Origin isn’t on iOS, but as of IOS15 the Safari Extension API has everything uBlock would use. It doesn't. See all of the "Not supported" in this list, especially blocking webRequest: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/safariservices/saf... > With Chrome, it's taking away. With Safari extensions, it's adding functionality that didn't exist before. Incorrect. uBlock Origin previously existed for Safari, but Safari version 13 removed support for the old safariextz format and the Safari Extension Gallery. > This is not communism. Corporations want to make money and control their own destiny. > Why should Apple, a private corporation be fully open? Seriously. I want diversity as well. But will that happen? Will Apple, Microsoft or Google allow just about anything on their platforms?? This is a strange comment. The history of personal computing from 1977 - 2007 was mostly open platforms. Apple II was open. Macintosh was open and continues to be (mostly) open. Microsoft Windows has been and continues to be open. iPhone is the historical outlier. > I’ve been on a team with a mix of old fogeys (I was one of them) and much younger folks. It was great. Diversity is undervalued in tech. Many companies have a hiring process that's like an assembly line, and it produces workers who are all the same, replaceable cogs. Managers tend to like this, in theory, but the workforce ends up being less than the sum of its parts, because the workers tend to all have the same biases, all the same weaknesses, all the same strengths, so the weaknesses are magnified, and the strengths have diminishing returns. What you want in a great team is individuals who have different, complementing strengths. And who can cover for each other's weaknesses, because they don't all have the same ones. > philosophers seem to do well coding I'm a former philosophy grad student. Symbolic logic is basically the same as coding. So are Chromium bug reports. Here's my personal pet peeve. 4 years ago, Chrome broke the ability to open pages in the background on Mac. People complained, and so Google locked the bug report for comments. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=854609 I had Secure Keyboard Entry enabled before, but starting on macOS Monterey it unfortunately causes other apps to launch in the background when Terminal is in the foreground, which makes the feature unusable for me. https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/monterey-security.html > Install and configure Google’s Santa. Interesting, I'd never heard of this before. "A binary authorization system for macOS". Open source. https://github.com/google/santa Can you say how the setup compares to Little Snitch, for example? Author here. This is not a charitable interpretation of what I said. See especially my points at the end explaining how the implementation could be improved. The bug is that nobody except Apple engineers even know "It's literally designed to that." I had to file a Feedback to discover this. This feels like a false dichotomy to me. If I click an app in the Dock, I want it to come forward, always. If an app launches for some other reason, I don't want it to steal the focus, ever. But that's in general, independent of Secure Keyboard Entry. > My issue is that some apps take a while to start. While waiting, I go to do something else and then get brought back when the app finally decides to wake up. Agreed. I think I filed a Radar about this a dozen years ago or so. But the new Monterey behavior doesn't solve this problem, because it only applies to very limited circumstances. > That is like comparing apples to oranges. That doesn't seem like helpful reply. I was asking about the time/complexity/difficulty of setup. It can be somewhat painful to setup and train Little Snitch, but it's ok after that. > Hard disagree - the expected behavior should be: If I launch an item from the dock/finder AND I also don't context switch to another application, then and only then should the window show in the foreground and steal keyboard focus. I'm not sure there's a disagreement here at all. Normally there shouldn't be any time for a context switch between launching an app and the app showing its window. If you're talking about a slow launching app, then yes, I agree that's a problem, and I commented on that here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31867084 In general, app launching is too slow nowadays. Apple used to optimize this on Mac OS X, but they seem to have completely given up. Maybe it's "security" checks. Anyway, it can be annoying. > As the article stated, the schooling of the elites continued uninterrupted during the pandemic. COVID did not spread uncontrolled into those homes. That's not what the article stated. "Students with household incomes above $200,000, in contrast, lost about 54 days—still considerable" > All my best business partners and nerd friends were one of the above and rarely public school educated. This seems extremely anecdotal. I went to public schools. Of course I'm not your business partner or friend, but most people on Earth aren't either. And the very next sentence after that one: "Of the Forbes top 20 private schools, our research found that 14 met fully in person for the entire 2020–21 school year." So, 6 of the top 20 private schools did not meet fully in person for the entire school year. Also, that's talking about 14 schools in the entire county, which is a minuscule number of schools and students. Moreover, what's the evidence for the claim that "COVID did not spread uncontrolled into those homes"? I'm not saying it did or it didn't, I'm just saying there's no basis whatsoever for this claim. Anyway, the issue isn't just the homes, it's the teachers. Who wants to die for a job? Nobody signed up for that. > If there had been a plague in elite homes, we would have heard about it. Why? > And there aren't all that many elite homes. Ok, so why is there any general lesson here? And approximately how many homes are you counting as "elite"? > if a teacher wants to retire at 55 - fund that fully, with Fed help, if necessary I eagerly await this policy. Though it's too late for anyone in the 2020-2021 school year. And how do you plan to deal with the resulting teacher shortage? There's actually already a teacher shortage, because many decided to quit in the past couple years. One of the points of the article is that the schools are not just trying to deliver an education, they're also trying to deliver social services to kids. Why is that? Well, as a society we've decided that adults are generally unworthy of a social safety net, yet we still consider kids to be "innocent", and so instead of helping the parents of the kids, we insist on providing social services directly to the kids in school, bypassing the parents. This adds a lot of cost and layers of administration. And of course poorer kids are more in need of social services, so the poorer schools are often more expensive to run, even factoring in teacher salaries. You can say the schools are "failing", but they're also being asked to do too much. If I may self-promote, my mobile Safari extension StopTheMadness can stop the NSFW and "get the app" popups on Reddit. It can also automatically redirect to old.reddit.com. https://apps.apple.com/app/stopthemadness-mobile/id158308293... > Have people forgotten 2016 so quickly? Occupy Wall Street was 2011. The crucial difference between January 6 and Occupy Wall Street is that the members of Congress and the Vice President were inside the Capitol Building on January 6, whereas no elected officials were in Zuccotti Park during Occupy Wall Street. If the break-in of the Capitol had occurred while it was empty, that would have been a different matter, still serious, but not giving the appearance of a coup attempt. The article completely fails to mention that religious people tend to believe that humans have a "soul" and animals don't, which seems to me to be a massive oversight. Of course Dawkins doesn't believe in the soul, but it's hard to see how his arguments are going to move anyone who does believe. The other problem with the argument is that, on the other side, many vegans believe that killing animals for food is wrong. Where "you" means specifically males aged 18-25. Coincidentally, 1973, the year Roe v. Wade was decided, was the last year anyone was drafted into the military. > I think the main argument that Dawkins wanted to make is that many pro-choice arguments are completely missing the point and don't engage with the pro-life arguments at all I agree, but I think Dawkins fell prey to the exact same problem. He ignored the religion behind the pro-life movement and tried to break it down into biological terms. Is that really engaging? > my real point was about the much bigger left-wing protest movement that peaked in 2016. I'm not sure why you keep mentioning 2016? The Wisconsin protests were also in 2011. Anyway, in Wisconsin they were protesting a proposed bill. It wasn't a coup attempt. I'm actually a Wisconsinite, so I'm very familiar with this. If you read the linked Wisconsin State Journal article, you'll see that the protests were peaceful. "Police and protesters continued to get along, with no incidents reported and no arrests." It wasn't actually a "break-in". What happened was that there were already some protesters who had been inside the Capitol for some time, and then a much larger crowd showed up that night and wanted to get in, because there was a vote on the bill scheduled soon. The police were initially reluctant to allow the larger crowd to enter but decided to allow them. There was no violence. https://madison.com/wsj/news/local/govt-and-politics/article... Again, the issue isn't really protesting legislation in Capitol buildings. In general, that's a legitimate democratic activity. The issue is the safety of the members of Congress and the VP from a crowd on January 6 who wanted to overturn the results of the election that was about to be legally certified. > That article includes quite a few quotes from union leaders and protestors, none from supporters of the bill. Its bias is obvious and undeniable. > And that bias is probably why it fails to mention the death threats, violent rhetoric, chalk outlines Heh. It was an article published Thursday morning about the events that happened Wednesday evening. Of course it doesn't mention everything in the grand context. Do you not understand how news works? I would also note that this is the article linked from the Washington Post article that you linked. > forcing lawmakers to flee I'm not sure what you mean by this. Democratic lawmakers voluntarily, intentionally left Wisconsin for Illinois in order to prevent a quorum. > All that in order to stop, not merely protest, passage of the bill. Heh, this is just a bizarre statement. Why would you protest a bill if you weren't trying to stop its passage? Of course they were trying to stop its passage. Aren't there bills that you don't want passed? > If we're to believe that lawmakers in Washington were in danger on January 6th, despite the complete absence of any violence against lawmakers Another bizarre statement. There was no violence against lawmakers because the lawmakers were evacuated from the building while the Capitol police were trying to hold back the crowd. > we should also believe the lawmakers in Madison were in danger for the same reason No, because protesters were actually in the Wisconsin Capitol when the bill was passed. There was booing, but no violence. > Death threats should be taken seriously regardless of partisanship. Agreed, and the police do investigate them. But a lot of politicians of both parties get death threats, and most of them are just rhetoric. There were no assassination attempts on Scott Walker, and he personally wasn't even in the Capitol, as he was the Governor and not a legislator. > Honestly, it's like the WaPo article and the madison.com article are describing different events, except they aren't, just two perspectives on the same event. The Washington Post article is literally labeled an "Opinion" by the Washington Post, and it was written by Marc Thiessen, who coincidentally co-wrote a book with Scott Walker: https://www.amazon.com/Unintimidated-Governors-Story-Nations... Talk about obvious and undeniable bias! > Both are undoubtedly guilty of selective reporting. Act 10 had been covered extensively by the Wisconsin State Journal for the previous month. You wouldn't expect every new story to say every single thing. It was already a familiar issue to us all. > But let's be clear, are you accusing the WaPo piece of lying, not merely choosing what to cover? I would say exaggerating. Take it from Republican Representative Glenn Grothman, who was there for both events. "It never reached that pitch (during Act 10)." https://www.jsonline.com/story/news/2021/01/08/wisconsin-act... During the Wisconsin Capitol protests, Grothman was personally surrounded by protesters, who chanted "Shame!" at him but didn't harm him physically. There's even video of this. "Grothman downplayed the situation and told the paper he didn't think he was ever in any real danger." I do think we've strayed very far off topic, which is supposed to be Reddit... > It's a mystery to me why the blacks switched to voting Democratic. Have you considered asking them? > they were convinced that the Democratic party was responsible for giving them their civil rights. Democrat Harry Truman abolished segregation in the federal government and military. Democrat Kennedy proposed the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and Democrat Johnson signed it. The Congressional vote broke down by region: >90% of northern state representatives voted for, >90% of southern state representatives against. This was a big factor in the realignment, where southern Democrats switched to the Republican party. Strom Thurmond for example did so in 1964, and the 1964 presidential election flipped many southern states from Democrat to Republican. (In 1968, many of them went to George Wallace, another former Democrat who left and went independent.) It's true that the Democratic party has a history of racism, and it's also true that Republican Lincoln freed the slaves, but things change over time, and political parties change over time. Today's Republicans are not the party of Lincoln, and today's Democrats are not the Dixiecrats. What about Minnesota or Illinois? Well... where exactly in the midwest did you want to live? > a well-to do medical software company based out of Verona, WI You might as well just say Epic Systems LOL > I think what most people miss is that a FAANG doesn't recruit for a specialized role. I know this is false of Apple, for example. > a generalist who might work on anything from embedded code in some smart home device to datacenter resource provisioning Is this a real occurrence from your experience or just a hypothetical figment of your imagination? > For the most part The large FAANGs just need talented or high potential generalists. Is this actually true? It seems to me that BigCos have a huge number of very specialized roles, and a corresponding huge need for very specialized talent. > I do have first-hand knowledge of it being possible What do you mean by possible? The difference between possible and actual is actually what determines whether it's a contrived imagining. The question, I think, is whether the quality of work of a generalist after some months of onboarding is going to be comparable to a specialist with years of domain-specific knowledge and experience. I am skeptical that a BigCo employer, who has thousands of engineers to choose from and countless more who could be hired, would move an engineer from embedded code in some smart home device to datacenter resource provisioning. It feels like the management equivalent of roulette. What I'm suggesting is that there may be a disconnect between the way companies interview, hire, and place engineers and how the companies use those engineers. I understand that there are some employee-initiated internal transfers. Though I suspect those aren't necessarily automatically granted. What I don't see, though, is company management acting as if the engineers were all replaceable cogs who can be assigned to any project whatsoever at any time. That would be insanity, I think, because there actually is a great deal of value in experience and domain-specific knowledge and skill. Would you really want a company based on dilettantism? It sounds like — "Long time ago, details are hazy" — extreme jumps are the exception rather than the norm. Can smart engineers learn pretty much anything given the time? Probably yes. I've learned many things over my career, and I'm sure I could learn more and different things if I were given the economic opportunity to do so. Nonetheless, I dispute the notions that generalists are somehow smarter than specialists or that BigCo assembly-line hiring identifies the smartest people. The advantage of known specialists is that they've already taken the time to learn what they are assigned to do, so the time between hire and high quality work is much shorter, maybe years shorter than throwing a smart generalist into an unfamiliar specialty. Obviously if you're creating a new technology from scratch, there's less value in experience. But how many BigCo employees are actually doing that, as opposed to maintaining existing tech? Probably too many of the employees aspire to create new tech and don't want to maintain existing tech. Google in particular is infamous for starting new projects and then later abandoning them. (Google has the luxury of this wastefulness because it still has ye old search monopoly. Though that too seems poorly maintained, and many people complain that Google Search is worse now than in the past.) I would say a big part of this is that BigCos such as Google are selling an ideology to current and potential employees. "We are the best of the best. Any one of us could design a whole new operating system." Yadda yadda. The ideology is part of the attraction of working there, even though the daily reality of working there doesn't necessarily match the ideal. Discussed here 5 days ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31839846 Also can we edit the title to put USPTO in all caps? > I don't know if you're being deliberately obtuse or argumentative. I refer you to the guidelines: https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html > because I was a generalist they had confidence that I could pick up the manuals and figure it out Why you though? That's the point I'm making. Of course a smaller company with limited resources may have to repurpose existing employees. But when a BigCo with a massive budget needs to do something new, they can assign existing employees with the closest expertise, hire new employees with relevant expertise, or acquire other companies. It's unclear why a generalist with no domain expertise would be preferable. This issue has been debated ad nauseam on HN, practically every week. No offense intended to the asker, but I'm not sure this question is useful, given the social context. Round N in an N-dless debate. The question adds nothing new to it, and no detail ("it doesn't really make sense"). > will also bring the most radical set of changes shipped in a macOS update in a long, long time More radical than Big Sur, which iOSified the entire Mac UI? Catalina split the disk into a read-write data volume and a read-only system volume (which became cryptographically signed on Big Sur). Well, UI changes are surface-level. ;-) But Apple isn't leaving much more room to make macOS like iOS. Except for App Store lockdown... Unfortunately it will. Look at the redesigned System Settings in the Ventura beta. Yes. Which 1 of the 6 would you pick though? Perhaps unpopular opinion: 4 Perhaps not unpopular opinion. :-) Coincidentally, last night I saw "Solitary Man" (2009) starring Michael Douglas, who was 65 at the time (now 77). He played a character who had a series of one night stands with much (very much) younger women, so he was still cast at that age as a kind of sex symbol. It only grossed $5 million though, below its budget. Too bad, because the cast was amazing: also Susan Sarandon, Danny DeVito, Jenna Fischer, Jesse Eisenberg, Mary-Louise Parker. > In fact, all of those names would ensure that I never even give it a chance. Ok, well, that's weird, but you do you. Top Gun was 1986. Millennials were born in the 1980s. So, no. As usual, everyone forgets that GenX exists. Everyone knows Tom. What's the explanatory force of Millennials? It used to be that Millennials were held responsible for killing everything. Now they're held responsible for saving everything? Born in the USA (1984) is one of the best selling albums of all time, something like 30 million copies. You can say it's touring, but I say that album is the thing that made him huge. And it wasn't just album sales. At the time it was also constantly on radio and MTV (back when MTV played music). The part I'm missing is how Millennials being familiar with Tom Cruise and/or Top Gun is particularly relevant when everyone is familiar with Tom Cruise and/or Top Gun. These are bankable assets because everyone is familiar. > It's also the golden age of the aging politician. Biden? Trump? Sanders? Pelosi? Pence? Ronald Reagan? Robert Byrd? Strom Thurmond? Pence isn't that old. Bing is the worst, because it keeps banning random websites for no reason, and then that ban goes out to any other engines relying on Bing such as DuckDuckGo. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31891635 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31766882 A number of my blog posts over the years have hit #1 on HN. I've noticed that HN commenters are more likely to follow the "guidelines" with each other than with the article author. Too often, the author is treated uncharitably, with contempt and/or ridicule. I've spoken to dang personally about this at some length, but I wasn't really satisfied with his response, which was more or less a denial of the problem, or at least a refusal to do anything about it. Honestly, I've occasionally thought of blacklisting HN referrers from my web server, though I've never gone through with such a drastic measure. I've found that the best way to handle it is to take matters into my own hands, create an account here, and reply in the comments. I can clarify my points and shoot down uncharitable reactions. It's a shame that authors have to self-manage the responses though. Left to themselves, HN commenters often becomes vicious wolves. I would say that the HN guidelines are worthless if the same respect isn't given to the article authors. > Voting helps bubble up the best top-level comments. Does it? Seems like early top-level comments take on a life of their own. Everyone wants to reply to the top top-level comment (possibly to maximize the chances of their own comment getting noticed, or possibly just because it's the first thing they see on the page). And the way HN is designed, with discussions expanded by default, you may have to scroll down quite ways on the page to even get to another top-level comment, much less multiple top-level comments. Crazy idea: how about presenting comments at each level in a random order on each page load, and get rid of voting? There could still be flagging to hide the worst comments. Thank you for so helpfully illustrating the phenomenon that everyone is discussing here. This is again a very uncharitable reading of my comment. I urge you to read https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html again. To clarify: 1) There is a literally a "Contact" mailto: link at the bottom of this page, so I don't know why one has to be "self-important" to contact the moderator. 2) The phrase "at some length" was meant to imply something less than "at length". It was a serious conversation, but I don't recall it continuing particularly long. [EDIT: Searching my email archive, I found that the thread was only a few emails, so "at some length" may itself be a bit of an exaggeration.] 3) I appreciate that dang replied, but that doesn't mean we came to an agreement on the matter. Where did you get the idea that I had to agree with dang's opinions? In any case, I don't see how I "wasted" his time at all, when he voluntarily replied and talked with me about an ongoing HN issue. Dang is responsible for his own choices and for managing his own time. The article totally fails to mention the elephant in the room: graduate school costs! Moreover, the public debate over student loan forgiveness typically fails to mention that graduate students owe 50% of all student loan debt, despite being only 25% of all student loan debtors. Getting a PhD often takes many years, and the PhD completion rate for incoming graduate students is very low. Even after you get a PhD, it can be difficult to get a tenure track job. For those who get on the tenure track, you'll probably be fine financially, but for everyone else... going graduate school can ruin your life. You may waste the best years of your life while accumulating a debt you can never pay off, without even an official graduation certificate to show for it. College, including graduate school, is so much more expensive now than it was decades ago. And people forget that the post-WWII generation could use the GI Bill to pay for both undergraduate and graduate school. Citation please? For reference, I was in a PhD program in the humanities at the University of Wisconsin, and it was definitely not fully funded. > It's just not right to ask low-income taxpayers (including those who didn't go to college) Low-income people don't actually pay much taxes. In fact their primary tax payment may be the fixed-rate Social Security FICA that you mention, not the progressive income taxes after deductions and credits. Moreover, what about the low-income student who have to go into debt to go to school, while the rich kids have their parents pay for everything? This is my point in relation to the article: who can afford to even get a PhD nowadays except the kids of financially well-off parents? That's one of the reason richer kids are coming to dominate academia. > a higher earnings potential My point is that the difference between actual and potential is the difference between a comfortable life and a lifetime of debt that may follow you to old age and death. There's basically no return whatsoever on your investment if you spend years in a PhD program but don't finish. It's all money down the drain. Meanwhile, graduate students are exploited by universities for very cheap teaching labor. > In STEM fields, 10% of PhD students No. The link is a study of PhD recipients not PhD students. This is a crucial distinction, because my main claim was about the effects of attending graduate school on non-recipients. It's quite likely that PhD recipients are better funded than non-recipients, which funding helps them to complete their PhDs. In my academic department, there were many more students than there were sources of funding such as teaching assistantships, research assistantships, lectureships, and fellowships. > In non-STEM It's not clear to me that the study was comprehensive. It says STEM and SBE (social, behavioral, and economic), but does SBE mean non-STEM? Why didn't they just say non-STEM? Does SBE include Art, English, History, and Music, for example? > Given that the majority of PhDs in the US are in STEM ~65% of PhDs awarded are in STEM, but only ~25% of Masters degrees are in STEM. This may say a lot about the PhD completion rate. At my school, a Masters was often rewarded on the way to a PhD, so it was kind of a (mostly worthless) consolation prize for those who didn't finish their PhD. Anyway, the study is primarily about the "primary source" of funding, which is not quite the same as full funding. The linked study was heavy with survivorship bias. Sadly, grad school dropouts are mostly forgotten and ignored by society. Which industry? The English literature industry? The history industry? The philosophy industry? "It is mostly people from affluent backgrounds who go there." This is the whole point of the article, "People from elite backgrounds increasingly dominate academia"! What do you mean by low income though? There's low income and there's affluent, but there's also the big middle class between those two. > I switched to iPhone last year and I desperately miss Firefox for Android :( Self-promotion: I wrote a JavaScript blocking extension for Mobile Safari https://underpassapp.com/StopTheScript/ Not easily, unfortunately. The extension relies on Safari's built-in permissions model, for technical reasons. It's possible to whitelist domains permanently, but not temporarily. https://underpassapp.com/StopTheScript/advanced.html Safari content blockers can do fine-grained blocking of external .js file loads, so you might want to look into one of those. My extension differs from Safari content blockers in that it can block inline JS. > "If someone was going to be really good at programming they would have found it on their own. Then if you go look at the bios of successful founders this is invariably the case, they were all hacking on computers at age 13. What that means is the problem is 10 years upstream of us." 1) Founders are entrepreneurs. The article seems to be focused on non-entrepreneurial roles, which is a very different situation. 2) We don't seem to have the same attitude about other professions such as medicine, law, stock trading, etc. Do successful surgeons have to operate at age 13? Do successful lawyers have to try cases at age 13? No, that's nuts. So why in tech do we have such a fetish about teenage hackers? This already seems like a kind of bias, and maybe we should correct that. Leaving tech is not the same thing as leaving work. Also, the compensation level of the people leaving has to be considered. It makes more sense to leave if you're on the lower level of compensation and promotion than if you're on the higher level (unless you're super rich and can retire early). Frustrated and underpaid is a bad combination for employee retention. > Compensation levels in tech are still higher than most other places. Compensation levels in tech vary extremely widely by company, location, etc. > It'd be pretty difficult to change careers into something tech-adjacent later in life and still maintain the same compensation. Depends on how much later in life. > Men have far more incentive to tough it out in tech than women do once at the point of gaining the financial benefits of living together, for quite a few reasons. One reason would be if tech favors men in hiring, compensation, and promotions. If your wife is making more money than you but leaves anyway, that would be a little different story. > If surgeons were able to begin honing their craft at 13, they’d probably be better than the ones who started in their twenties. If you don't count the dead bodies they leave behind on the way. > How many virtuoso pianists didn’t start playing until adulthood? How many virtuoso pianists are there in the world? How many professional programmers are "virtuosos"? How many companies even need virtuoso programmers, and how many companies could afford to pay them? I don't think it's a useful comparison. It's also important to recognize that a ton of kids learn how to play musical instruments, but very few end up as virtuosos. Hacking around with computers as a teenager means very little by itself. > Regarding pianists, I think you can replace “virtuoso” with “professional” and the point still stands. Does it? Professional piano playing doesn't seem to be a particularly large or lucrative profession compared to others such as tech. If you're Elton John or Billy Joel, then great, but otherwise not so much. It makes sense that the music industry is populated largely by people naturally attracted to music, because the route to financial stability, much less financial success, is very precarious. 1) Starting early is no guarantee of anything. You see big differences in skills from different kids who start at the same age. 2) To become a virtuoso, you do have to practice obsessively , many hours a day every day. (I remember Steve Vai saying he practiced 10+ hours a day.) Again, this is a necessary but not a sufficient condition to achieve virtuosity. 3) Do virtuoso musicians have start young? I don't know. Kids have the most free time and the fewest responsibilities and other distractions. (It probably helps to start before you're old enough to date.) Few adults have the time or inclination to practice to the obsessive level required. 4) Most "teenage hackers" do not practice obsessively at the level of virtuoso musicians. 5) Most professional programmers are not virtuosos. 6) The music industry is not like the tech industry. And anyway, most of the money is made by songwriting, not by virtuoso performances. The analogy between tech and music (or between tech and sports for that matter) is not a good or useful one. The music industry is practically speaking a bad career choice. Only a lucky few do well. There's a reason it's filled with people who have no life except for music. Depends on what you mean by "skill". There are songwriters, indeed famous songwriters, who are not particularly skilled technically. Is songwriting a skill? Is it inspiration? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ > And compensating for those variations through medians and averages shows tech still tends to pay better on average. Nobody is disputing that tech has a high average. But the industry having a high average doesn't help if you're personally below the average. > Disregarding age discrimination, soft skills will only allow you to pivot so far. That makes age itself rather inconsequential compared to raw experience. The point is that if you leave tech early in your career, when you haven't established much anyway, then you have more time to start over and gain experience in other areas. Maybe you can even go back to school. > Another reason is that women put far, far more importance on men's wealth and income than vice versa. Several cultures across the globe reflect this. You quoted one sentence of mine but not the following sentence: "If your wife is making more money than you but leaves anyway, that would be a little different story." If one spouse quits, and the other becomes the main breadwinner, the income of each spouse seems quite relevant, doesn't it? You seem to be changing your story here. First: "my wife left her tech job because she didn't like the way she was treated. This leaves me forced to work my tech job whether I like my boss or not, because we have several mouths to feed." Now: "Then we had a baby and she wanted to stay home." "my wife doesn't want to work when the kids are little." Theoretically, both could be true. But plenty of people leave their jobs because they don't like the way they were treated, and then get a new job without leaving tech. It sounds like leaving tech for a number of years was about children rather than mistreatment though. Which goes against the claim that "men are more resilient". The earliest historical opportunity for 13 year olds to program computers was likely with the release of the Apple II in 1977. Born in 1964, 22 years old in 1986, 58 years old today. This is at the very earliest. The supply of previous 13 year old "hackers" would have still likely been extremely low for the entire decade of 1986-1996. Mostly a non-factor, I'd say. For the older generation of programmers, their first access to computers at all would have been in college, not in junior high school. > I never said men are more resilient. "The heterodox view here is that unfair treatment is not a reason men leave tech jobs because men are more resilient to it." > I just think that male resilience looks like a man not quitting, because men have no option. Men quit their jobs all the time, without a backup. I quit my job without a backup. Maybe you never do it, but your anecdotal feelings do not apply to men in general. You keep saying that you have no option, that men have no option - that's just false. Everyone always has an option. Taking that option may have significantly negative financial consequences, but so it goes. It sounds like your wife quitting her job already had significantly negative financial consequences on your family: "In fact if my wife worked I think we could probably retire in a few years since she was bringing in quite a bit." You have the option to divorce your wife if you're angry and bitter that she won't go back to work. It's really strange to suggest that women have options but men don't. You think you have no options, but it seems that only your own mind is holding you back. I'm not saying you should divorce your wife, but you could . Or you could quit your job and tell your wife it's her turn to support the family while you stay home. A man has options. The argument seems to be that men have no options because of what "society" thinks. But there is no societal hive mind. Society is actually bitterly divided on these issues. There are some ultra-conservative types who want women barefoot, pregnant, and subservient, but hopefully we can get past that. I think you're missing the point, which is that the earlier generation of programmers did just fine without being 13 year old hackers, and still created incredible software. How many of those Apple IIs and C64s were actually used for non-trivial, proto-professional programming by 13 year olds? Certainly not millions. > it’s bizarre to think back to a time that three television networks essentially controlled all news They didn't. The television networks did control all television news, but newspapers were thriving. Indeed, local newspapers were thriving. > Some people feel "walking naked" -type anxiety without a phone even for a short term. I've started to take long walks deliberately without my smartphone, and it feels very liberating. I had always brought it along "just in case", but no case has ever actually arisen. I realized that it was just fear, and before smartphones were ubiquitous, I used to go around all the time without one and without fear. I enjoy having that feeling again. > It is notoriously difficult to get young voters to turn out and asking them to turn off their phones for the mid-terms (like in the article) The experiment was to turn off social media, not turn off their phones. You can still get news directly from news sources, rather than indirectly from social media, which is not generally the primary source of news. 1) It was a 4 week experiment. This may show that the participants had become too reliant on Facebook for news. It seems likely that people will adapt after qutting Facebook entirely. 2) How likely is activism to come from people who are only connected to the outside world via Facebook? 3) Reduced "factual news knowledge" is not the same as "didn't know about the Roe verdict". I was somehow aware of the verdict without being on Facebook. It's hard to tell from just the abstract, but we don't know how they define "factual news knowledge". In my opinion, most so-called "news" is just trivia and unimportant. Politician A said X, politician B said not-X, blah blah, ad nauseam. IMO it's actually better to take a step back from the daily trivia and look at the broad historical perspective. Better to read a book than a headline. A person can become "too informed" about things that don't matter, missing the forest for the trees. This would defeat the purpose of leaving the smartphone at home, which is to not live in fear of an unlikely emergency. Dupe of https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32085319 and https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32104819 Business Insider seems to love writing "Gen Z Yadda Yadda" stories: https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=false&qu... > Name one company that was successful in just selling their product one time to a customer. Every funeral home. Anyway, I find the term "subscription" misleading. A lot of software nowadays is more accurately termed "rental". If you have a traditional newspapers/magazine/comic book subscription, you get to keep the issues forever if you want. I still have some old comic books. Whereas a lot of so-called "subscription" software stops working entirely when you stop subscribing. This is more like rental. You lose everything when you stop renting. In fairness, there is some software that has a subscription model for software updates, where you get updates for a year if you pay a subscription, but the last downloaded version works indefinitely. But that's a minority of "subscription" software. The key difference between rental and ownership is that with ownership, the buyer gets to decide if and when to buy the product again, whereas with rental, the seller decides. > I've never had a fire in my house and I'm not particularly afraid of fires, but I keep fire extinguishers on hand. But you don't carry a fire extinguisher around with you everywhere you go, which would be the analogy here. > It's that men are resilient to leaving tech jobs (and other well-paying jobs) because we're kind of forced to keep working by how families typically end up being set up. But these two things — (1) men are resilient to leaving tech jobs and (2) men are forced to keep working — are precisely what I'm questioning, not a "blanket statement". How families typically end up being set up is a result, not a cause. You're not forced to be typical. Honestly, you make men sound pretty weak, as if they have no agency, and are powerless in the face of society and their spouses. They rely on ads to make money. Twitter could add ads to their RSS feeds, just as they add ads to their app feeds. Dupe of https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32129100 from 1 day ago (210 comments) The legal changes started in 1976 and got progressively stricter. Since then, college costs and student loans have skyrocketed. If you had a Bluetooth keyboard or mouse, then Bluetooth would have been enabled before installing the update, otherwise how could you type or click to install the update in the first place? Also, the same thing happens on Mac laptops with built-in keyboard and trackpad. Moreover, it happens on iPhone too, which has no peripherals. Not sure why you changed "every" OS update to "important" OS updates. I'm not sure how this comment is useful. Most of us here are fairly technically sophisticated and have chosen our operating systems for our own reasons. There's no perfect OS, each has upsides and downsides. As you admit, yours is "more rough around the edges". It's a matter of personal priorities and preferences. It's frustrating whenever someone points out one problem, and a bunch of responses are "just don't use Apple products". There may be good reasons to stop using Apple products, but no, this Bluetooth issue is not a reason for me. As I'm aware of the issue, I check Bluetooth status after every OS update and re-disable it, problem solved for me. This blog post is just about awareness raising and hopefully pushback to get Apple to change it. I think most people are unaware that OS updates are silently re-enabling Bluetooth. In the grand scheme, it's not the biggest issue in the world, which is precisely why public pushback might get Apple to change it. I would at least like to hear their explanation. I'm not seeing that on every update, but in any case there is a workaround on Mac to stop Safari from nagging you: https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/TRYTHENEWSAFARI.html "until you start moving down a webpage" is literally in the second sentence of the article. I don't think you can really compare HN to Reddit and Twitter, because HN has essentially one experience for everyone (or at most two experiences for everyone, if you count /newest as a separate experience, which the article discusses), whereas Reddit and Twitter are what you make of them, especially Twitter. You decide which subreddits to read, you decide which Twitter accounts to follow (and whether to use Latest Tweets or "Home"). The Reddit or Twitter experience for one individual can be entirely different than for another individual. It's all too easy to take the worst parts of Reddit or Twitter and claim HN is better, but Reddit and Twitter have a lot more self-curation than HN. > reactivating automatically is probably a conscious decision Not probably, definitely. Apple said so in the bug report. > motivated by real world usage patterns and/or support cases from less technical users Or motivated by the desire to sell Apple products and services that require Bluetooth? Motivated by the desire to keep pushing people like me until they give up and give in? Anyone less stubborn than me probably would have given up by now and just kept Bluetooth enabled. Clearly, Apple wants you to have Bluetooth on, for whatever reason. Why even have a toggle in Settings if it keeps getting turned back on? The user has to consciously go into Settings and turn off Bluetooth; it may be true as you say that most users don't do that, but for those who do specifically go into Settings and disable Bluetooth, there's no excuse for undoing their preference. Less technical users aren't disabling Bluetooth in the first place. Would you also say the "Try the new Safari" nag is motivated by real world usage patterns and/or support cases from less technical users? https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/TRYTHENEWSAFARI.html This is completely missing the point. As I said in an earlier comment: "If you had a Bluetooth keyboard or mouse, then Bluetooth would have been enabled before installing the update, otherwise how could you type or click to install the update in the first place? Also, the same thing happens on Mac laptops with built-in keyboard and trackpad. Moreover, it happens on iPhone too, which has no peripherals." The point is pretty simple: if you had Bluetooth disabled before an OS update, then it should stay disabled after the update. And likewise, if you had Bluetooth enabled before an OS update, then it should stay enabled after the update! In other words, an OS update should not silently change your settings. It's astonishing to me that people with Bluetooth keyboards somehow believe that I want their keyboard to stop working. That's absurd. That sounds like a bug. It would be strange for Apple to "fix" a bug by introducing a different bug. Why not just fix that bug? Macs have supported Bluetooth for almost 20 years, as have iPhones since their beginning. It's unclear why, after all that time, this change needed to be made in the year 2020. My Twitter account has been suspended multiple times, the last time for an obvious joke. As with the article author here, Twitter reviewed my appeal and denied it. https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/twitter4.html In the end I caved, giving Twitter my phone number and deleting the tweet, because I need my Twitter account for professional purposes. But now guess what, there was a data breach, and hackers are selling millions of Twitter user phone numbers and email addresses. https://restoreprivacy.com/twitter-vulnerability-exposes-5-m... No. And that's why Twitter should not exist as a company. If they were legally required to have human moderation, they would go out of business. And IMO the world would be better off. There are plenty of public places in the US, but the so-called "public square" where strangers gather to debate is a total myth. It does not exist anywhere, and I'm not sure it ever has existed. Certainly not in my lifetime, anywhere I've ever lived. Friends do gather in public squares to talk or lounge or listen to concerts or whatever. But the kind of thing that happens on Twitter, or on HN for that matter, does not happen IRL. Occasionally there's a crazy preacher who attempts to address a crowd of strangers, but mostly the crazy preachers get ignored or ridiculed. There's no real, serious discussion and debate in the public squares among people who didn't already know each other. You can go to an open city council meeting to discuss and debate public issues, but those meetings are strictly governed by rules and moderated. > Why is the consequence account suspension? Good question. It feels Orwellian that Twitter suspends you and makes you delete your own tweet, on first offense, instead of just auto-hiding that one tweet. > Obviously a different situation, but by what principle is it different? The principle is that one is a public conversation, and the other is private. Private conversations between two people should not be moderated. Twitter should not auto-moderate Direct Messages, and they don't AFAIK. I have no first-hand knowledge of this, but if you have to go back 2500 years for an example... ;-) The article was published in April 2022: "90.96% in 2013 to the current 73.72%" Statcounter desktop OS share has 91.28% in April 2013 and 74.79% in April 2022. That's very close. So clearly the article is talking about desktop share. And of course the article talks about macOS as the alternative to Windows, not iOS. The obvious presumption is that the article is about desktop, not mobile. The numbers in the article are very close to statcounter desktop OS market share numbers. Mobile global market share is Android 72% iOS 27%, but in the United States it's Android 43% iOS 57%. According to statcounter, Mac has ~25% market share in the US. https://gs.statcounter.com/os-market-share/desktop/united-st... > Not sure what URL has those April 2013 figures. You can use the Edit Chart Data button to change the date range. The "Unknown" is the weirdest part of the chart, with inexplicable rises and drops. I expect that's just a data gathering glitch and may actually be some Windows. Anyway, about 3/4 of the change was Mac. The 2nd biggest gainer was Chrome OS. And then a tiny bit of Linux and Unknown, but mostly Mac and Chrome. How do you judge what's work and what's not work? For many people, such as the self-employed, their online presence is part of their brand, and Twitter is professional networking. This applies to both Craig and myself. To be honest, your reply came off as very condescending. I don't know how anyone could predict that Twitter's crazy algorithm would flag that tweet, any more than they could predict that Twitter's crazy algorithm would flag a video of a cat game. It's all too easy to sit in judgment in hindsight, given the fact that Twitter's crazy algorithm did flag the tweet. But nobody really knows how it works with foresight. Process? Seriously, one of the great things about being a solo dev is not having a process. I think what you're missing here is that the author is not looking for your sympathy, nor Twitter's sympathy. There's a larger point the author wishes to make about Twitter: > Somehow they can do this, but racial slurs are generally pretty okay, white supremacy is largely ignored, and every Twitter troll I’ve reported for harassment gets a three-week investigation and then a “We find they did not violate our rules” email. Note also that the author's goal is not getting unsuspended by Twitter, but rather this: > I’ll not tweet for months if it gets someone to write “We as a company think the cat is revenge porn” in an email. I'm a self-employed solo software developer who doesn't even use a phone for business. Your suggestion is that I buy a separate phone and permanently pay for phone service for that separate phone, just so that I can give Twitter an unimportant phone number in case they suspend my account for an insane reason and refuse my appeal, and then get hacked? [flagged] > I'm just giving general advice about how it's good to keep things business and personal things separate in a public forum where others reading can also learn from the advice. Literally nobody on Hacker News needs this advice, and in general, unsolicited advice, especially from strangers, is unwelcome. If you have something like "here's a hidden Terminal defaults write command I discovered that is largely unknown and will solve your problem", that might be a different matter. But your advice is so obvious that it doesn't need to be said at all. In an ideal world where everyone had unlimited time, unlimited money, and no other constraints, everyone would always follow the "good advice", but in a non-ideal world there are many tradeoffs to consider, and if you're talking to a stranger, you don't know their personal tradeoffs. Of course I've thought about these things, as any intelligent person has, and made my choices based on my circumstances. There's a level of conceit in thinking that other intelligent adults need advice like this. You seem to believe you're being helpful, but effectively it's insulting the intelligence of others. > that comment is also generally useful to all the lurkers out there. Is it though? > Even if he had, he's comparing Twitter AI-flagged revenge porn posts against user-reported harassment posts. The former is pretty clear cut and Twitter flagged it themselves. The latter may be a judgment call and was probably reported by the alleged target. I would consider humans manually reporting tweets to be much more reliable than AI flagging, especially given the bizarre false positive results we've seen from Twitter AI flagging. I've personally reported tweets, with the same kind of non-results. Mostly bots though rather than harassment. > His main point seems to be "Twitter sucks." I agree. It sucks. So I don't use it. Well, the author isn't using it right now either, intentionally. > Clearly at least one person in this thread did not know it, so there's no harm in telling people about it. Heh, no. I am the person who started this thread, and the only other person in this thread other than those defending unsolicited advice. I'm well aware of the possibility of separating personal and work accounts, as is almost every intelligent person. Whether they actually choose to do so or not depends on a lot of factors that are specific to their situation. "Good advice" in the abstract is not the same as the best choice for an individual at the time. It's hard to say whether I was even involved in the Twitter data breach, because 5 million is only a small subset of Twitter users, and apparently they're refusing to notify the victims. Not sure how Twitter gets away with non-disclosure. > especially after they themselves suffered from not separating them I didn't say I suffered. The odds are that I was not involved in the data breach, given that it was only a small percentage of Twitter users. The commenter "novok" admitted in another reply, which was apparently flagged, that he knows me and has been following me on Twitter for years, and proceeded to give me even more unsolicited life advice. It was all very much directed at me personally. The thing is, I actually created a separate business Twitter account when I started my business. But... nobody followed my business account! I even tried to get people to follow it, but they didn't. My personal account was already well established, people were already following that, and they seemed to have no interest in the business account. So I basically had to abandon the business account. It still exists but is little used and totally obscure. There would be no point in posting from it anymore. > And I never ever thought after decades on public Internet forums that unsolicited advice was somehow disallowed or even generally frowned upon. Well, I'm glad that I've finally got you thinking about it now. It's important to recognize that many people do resent unsolicited advice, especially when it's obvious, condescending, and implies criticism of the person's choices, which is this case here. I talked about a tweet of mine that was mistakenly flagged by Twitter, and how I had to give Twitter my phone # to unsuspend my account. One replier said "This is why you do not use a work/professional account for things other than work" and another replier said "That is why you have separate business phone numbers and addresses". How can these direct replies to me not be interpreted as personal criticism of me and my choices? The implication is that I made a mistake and wasn't following "best practice". I actually have no regrets, either about writing the tweet or about not having a separate business phone number, and I continue to have no intention to set up a separate business phone #, address, etc., because that would a hassle for me with little or no benefit. But again, this is not some secret, obscure thing that people need to be told. Of course people running a business are aware of the possibility of separating the business from the personal. Not to mention, it's kind of hilarious to suggest Google Voice as a solution to one's privacy problems, as if adding Google into the mix isn't a privacy problem in itself. Google is the world's largest personal data collection agency. Submission title should include (2017) I'm not saying it's irrelevant. But it's standard practice to put the (YEAR) in the title of HN submissions of older articles. For example: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32211063 Which client or browser are you using? It's not snarky. How many times do I have to say that it's standard practice on HN to put the year in the title of article submissions? There are literally 4 examples of this just on the HN front page right now, 2 of them from 2021: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32222683 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32219776 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32213825 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32202751 More examples on page 2: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32213468 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32217511 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32210438 Typically when someone notes the article year in a comment — which happens all the time — the year is added to the title of the submission, either by the submitter or a HN moderator (who are the only ones with the ability to edit the title), without complaint. These complaints here are really out of line. > The author certainly doesn’t come across that way. 1) The author got the job. 2) The author has kept that job ever since, for over 25 years. Perhaps that was the last job interview the author ever had, in 1995? So there would be little reason for the author to come across as disgruntled in 2022 about 1995. Though the author does go on and on about the "Andy" interviewer... There's a certain irony to this, because Apple itself was flailing and failing in 1995, unable to produce its own new operating system, and had to acquire NeXT and Steve Jobs to come back and save the company from bankruptcy. So Apple's hiring process was not necessarily producing results. Uh, that sounds sociopathic and sadistic. No thanks. Seriously, I would run away as fast as possible from a potential employer who plays abusive mind games with potential employees. Except this was 1995, and Steve Jobs was not in any room at Apple. In fact, Jobs left Apple in 1985. The preference is actually stored client side in IndexedDB. "the company embarked on a massive hiring spree, growing its number of full-time employees by 62 percent, from 48,000 at the end of 2019 to more than 77,800" That pretty much says it all. "Facebook paid GOP firm to malign TikTok" https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2022/03/30/faceboo... > Rarely do we see congressional leaders agreeing on this scale. There has been widespread bipartisan support for the military-industrial complex for as long as Eisenhower (correctly) warned about the military-industrial complex. Partisan disagreements just tend to make the headlines more often. "Of the forty-five million Americans who hold student debt, one in five are over fifty years old. Between 2004 and 2018, student-loan balances for borrowers over fifty increased by five hundred and twelve per cent." Original source: https://www.theverge.com/23277797/mark-zuckerberg-meta-faceb... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32246799 (87 comments) NY Post: "according to a recording obtained by The Verge" I was just giving an example of common bipartisan issues. Corporate welfare and bailouts are also big ones. A few interesting YoY comparisons: Mac sales -10% Net sales +2% Operating expenses +15% Net income -11% Under operating expenses, R&D spending is up >$1 billion YoY [self-promotion] My extension StopTheMadness stops this (supports all web browsers on macOS): https://underpassapp.com/StopTheMadness/ You should definitely vet the developer before you install any software. I stake my reputation on my software, as a professional Mac developer for over 15 years. I'm pretty well known in that community, and my extension has also been well reviewed by the press. > Even if it is benign now, there is no telling when it might be sold and new owners may have more nefarious intentions. I'll never betray the trust of my users, and anyway it's not going to be sold. Nobody has ever made me an offer, and it's unlikely that anyone could afford to acquire it. The extension is worth more to me as an indie dev than it would be worth to anyone else. Would you rather install unknown software that hasn't been reviewed? > you can't be too careful I think you actually can. ;-) There's a difference between being prudent and living in fear. The former is of course good, but the latter can make someone miss out on a lot of good things in life. Including good software. What's the alternative? Of course recommendations from friends are the best, but professional software reviews in the news media are 100% more reliable than anonymous crowdsourced App Store reviews, which are easily faked or purchased, and even when they aren't fake, they're often totally ignorant. I find it very sad that there are fewer software reviews in the news media now than there used to be. This makes it much more difficult for developers to get discovered. Which part do you distrust exactly? If a software review has screenshots and describes features of an app, do you think that's all just... invented out of thin air? > Just playing Devil’s Advocate. You could just ask me questions without associating yourself with Satan. ;-) > If a real tangible offer came through for 10s of millions of dollars, would you still feel that way? I would definitely sell for 10s of millions of dollars! Indeed, I would sell for 1 million dollars. But nobody is going to offer me that LOL. > Will your family sell it to the lowest bidder, delist it, or just leave it to bit rot? They would have to leave it to "bit rot", because my source code is encrypted, and nobody else has my passwords. (The extension has no server component and should continue working fine indefinitely with no updates.) > One of my friends got offered 8 million for an extension a few years ago. The new owners put malware in it. Which extension? Was this in the news? There aren't actually that many really big extensions. I think a lot of people outside of academia misunderstand the role of academic journals. To academicians, the journals are more like "interesting lines of research" rather than "settled results". Likewise, "peer review" typically just means that 3 academics read the article and thought it was interesting and worth publishing. It's important to recognize that a reviewer accepting an article for publication does not imply that the reviewer endorses any conclusions or arguments made by the article. It's usually not a great idea for laymen to be reading academic journal articles, and it's especially not a great idea for the news media to report them. It's not that academia is trying to "hide" things from the public; rather, the academic journals are simply not writing for a public audience, otherwise they'd write differently. Sadly, there's also the "publish or perish" factor: as an academic, you have to publish something to justify your existence in academia, get tenure, etc. So there's a lot of material that in an ideal world might be considered filler. > They go a bit more in depth than that. They try to ensure there is no hole in the state of art, that may have an impact on your result, and that your methodology is sound. Of course, yes. The reviewers will give critical comments and may even recommend "revise and resubmit" for the authors to make changes to the article. But the reviewers aren't going to run their own experiments and try to replicate the results, for example. It appears that you're complaining about what gets accepted and what gets rejected for publication to academic journals, which can be a legitimate complaint. The journals are inevitably subject to a form of academic "trendiness" (for lack of a better word). But that issue is not quite the same as how academics treat journal articles in general. The journals are not a full or fully accurate representation of academia or science as a whole. > I don't think gatekeeping academic research is the answer Not sure what you mean by this? The journals are inherently gatekeeping academic research via peer review. But the suggestion isn't that the journals be locked away, merely that journals are not a great way for the public to interact with academia. Many academicians do write for the public and are eager to do so, but in different forms than journal articles. > The...press. Is this thing on? I asked what part do you distrust exactly. "The...press" seems very hand-wavey and non-specific. When the argument starts with the premise that nothing the press says can ever be trusted, that's the route to denial of all facts and creation of your own reality. Did the stock market go up or down yesterday? Who can really say... because you can't trust the press! > Anyway, I feel you're feeling some negative emotion here that's really just people interested in the security and privacy of their machine. I'm very interested in security and privacy. In fact, StopTheMadness is designed to help protect your privacy. I use other 3rd party software to protect my privacy too, such as Little Snitch on the Mac (which incidentally is closed source, but the developers have earned their trust). I just think there's a distinction between prudence and paranoia, and I think it's counterproductive to fall into the latter, almost shooting oneself in the foot out of fear. > Why is it that I am comfortable crossing the intersection when I have a green light? Because I have confidence that those who would break the social contract of following agreed upon laws will be punished, so they are deterred from breaking them. I would say it's because most people have no desire to murder other people, even if they could get away with it legally. You think I haven't ridden a bicycle around cars? Are drivers sometimes headless? Yes. Are they murderous? No. Otherwise you and I would be dead now. But the consequences don't actually deter them, as evidenced by the countless cars that run red lights. Those who believe they are skilled enough to avoid hurting others also believe they won't get caught by the police running a red light. The question is, which is the worse consequence, getting a ticket for running a red light, or killing another person in a crash? I would say the latter, in the minds and hearts of most people. Yes, they exist, they're illegal, and the legal consequences don't actually stop them. If the argument is that everyone would road rage and drive dangerously if there weren't legal consequences, I dispute that. Many people don't do it simply because they don't feel like doing it. > Have you considered that maybe there is a reason that otherwise different societies have almost universally evolved to impose harsh punishments? The linked article suggests that this sentiment actually comes and goes historically. How do you know that in the long term, we're not evolving in the opposite direction, to not impose harsh punishments? > The self discipline to behave in a way that enables you to live a good life? Also, self-discipline tends to follow age. If punishing little kids helped, then why do kids often become terrors in their teens and twenties, then eventually grow up, mature, and become more responsible? Of course some people never grow up, but many of them were smacked around as kids anyway. If you have a whole society that mostly doesn't have inherent respect for social norms or laws, then it would be incredibly difficult to enforce those norms or laws effectively. You'd need a police state. Massive levels of surveilance. And how could you even trust the police themselves, if people generally don't respect social norms or laws? Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? Which environments would those be? Every major city has a large number of non-dying cyclists. Original source: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32287453 "according to MacRumors, 9to5Mac, and AppleInsider" > So we're talking about a how to affect the size of a minority subpopulation in an otherwise rule following society. I don't think that's what we were talking about. WaitWaitWha: "Why is it that I am comfortable crossing the intersection when I have a green light? Because I have confidence that those who would break the social contract of following agreed upon laws will be punished, so they are deterred from breaking them." Me: "I would say it's because most people have no desire to murder other people, even if they could get away with it legally." WaitWaitWha seems to be arguing that we don't have "an otherwise rule following society", and only the punishment is preventing widespread rule breaking. Whereas I was arguing that we do have an otherwise rule following society regardless of the punishment. I would also argue that punishment doesn't actually do much to deter the people who don't respect the rules in the first place. Indeed, I would say that speed limits are the least respected because speed limits are rather arbitrary. Speed limits change over time (they were set to 55 in the 1970s to save gas, not to save lives), and they vary widely by locality. Not to mention that speed limits don't vary by day/night or by weather, which makes no sense. Whereas red and green lights have had the exact same meaning the whole time, and the consequences of violation are rather obvious, because a red light means cars may drive through the intersection perpendicular to you, one of the most dangerous situations you can imagine. > I agree, there are places where a traffic light is little more than ornamentation I don't know what you're agreeing with, because I didn't say or intend to imply that. > "Is running this red light really worth the fine?" Well, the primary thought has to be "Can I make it through without dying?" > The latter sentence is predicated on the existence of a society that ignore rules, I'm allowing that such societies exist but the context is not applicable to the average Western drivers. It was a counterfactual hypothetical. >There are three populations at work: * People who will not run the red light because they respect the rule of law * People who would run the red light, but don't because they fear the consequences of breaking the law * People who will run the red light regardless of consequences This is missing the 4th and most important population: * People who will not run the red light because it's likely to kill themselves and/or others. That's the population I rely on. > They don't consider in the moment the risk to their own and others lives, because they think their skill or a sense of invincibility prevents such bad outcomes from happening. Do you have any empirical basis for this claim? Does it come from personal experience? We can't read minds, except our own. I think it's bizarre to say that risk is not a factor, since nearly all red light runnings occur right after the yellow, when the relative risk of a crash is lowest, rather than in mid-cycle, when the risk of a crash is highest. Unless the streets are deserted. Hardly anyone ever thinks they're invincible enough to thread the needle of present perpendicular traffic. Even when the streets are deserted, red light runners don't just plow through mid-cycle. They treat the red light like a stop sign. > I’ve been asked not to share the name. Asked by whom? Your (hopefully former?) friend who sold out millions of people for malware? Are those millions of people aware that they were infected with malware? Not sure how this can be a secret. > It wasn’t a big extension though, only a few million installs. That's big! Apparently there are only 300some Chrome extensions with over a million users. https://www.debugbear.com/blog/counting-chrome-extensions My user base is orders of magnitude less, so I wouldn't worry about my selling out for $millions. To be clear, I wouldn't sell to [unknown criminal] for any amount of money, because I'm not a criminal myself, and I can't be turned into a criminal. I would sell to [known BigCo] for a million dollars. But BigCos aren't interested in my software, so that's a non-issue. If a criminal offered me millions of dollars, I would report them to the FBI. And I think this whole discussion is just ultra-paranoia. withinboredom claims but refuses to name a supposed malware extension with millions of users. Not sure I believe this astounding story. I don't even aspire to be rich, or even to retire. That sounds pretty boring to me. I'd rather work on something socially useful. But financial security would be nice. There's a key fact missing from this discussion: What % of the world's $1 billion startups are founded in the United States? If the best economic opportunities are in the US, then it makes sense that a lot of people would come here for them. 2020 stats: World population 8.8 billion, US population 330 million (4% of world population) If "talent" is approximately randomly distributed among the world's population — a reasonable assumption IMO — then you wouldn't expect Americans to be founding much more than 4% of the world's $1 billion dollar startups... unless economic opportunities are not randomly distributed geographically, of course. If the US is "the land of opportunity", so to speak, the US allows significant immigration, and the US population is a tiny minority of the world's population, then it's not surprising that immigrants — in other words, the best that the entire rest of the world has to offer — would do well relative to Americans. The story starts with Tomas Gorny moving from Poland to the US, and becoming successful. But... how many Americans move to Poland for economic opportunities? My intention is not to diss Poland (which has a population of only 40 million), but rather to point out that the opportunities in the US attract a very broad world talent pool, so there's simply more competition. Immigrants to the US are not randomly distributed. We're not just randomly rounding up people in other countries and dropping them here. Ambition and a desire to improve one's situation dramatically is a common trait. Otherwise it might not be worth moving from one's homeland. The tech industry is "centered" on the west coast of the US (or was, pre-pandemic). But most people in tech are not native born Californians. That's not surprising. It would be surprising if native born Californians were naturally more talented than everyone else. The reality is that people around the country, and around the world, moved to California for the economic opportunities that happened to be in California, for historical reasons. It would be kind of silly to say the explanation is that native Californians are naturally lazy, and other people not born in California are harder working. Well, there's heavy survivorship bias in the linked article, which talks about 582 startups founded in the US that are worth $1 billion. Meanwhile, another comment here noted that there are about 45 million immigrants currently residing in the US. Only a tiny number of those are founders of the aforementioned startups. The article says nothing about how immigrants are doing overall financially compared to native born US citizens. > there definitely seems to be some quality of immigrants that makes them more successful entrepreneurs There are around 45 million immigrants in the US. 319 of them founded startups valued at $1 billion or more. The number who did not found startups valued at $1 billion or more is... around 45 million. Many immigrants do have hunger. I mean literally, not enough money for food. We can't just look at the successful immigrants and ignore the unsuccessful ones. Dupe of 9 other submissions: https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=false&qu... This is just a tweet of some programmer dude who stood in line to meet her, and not an official death announcement. Indeed the title of this submission has been editorialized, because the tweet actually says "RIP Nichelle Nichols", as do countless other tweets. The main issue isn't the title as such. The issue is that the title misleads about the content. The title suggests it's a death announcement, which you would expect to give details such as cause of death and a biography of the person who died, not to mention official confirmation from a reliable source. But the content is just some random person on Twitter being sad about the death, which was announced elsewhere. These are all stereotypes themselves. Many people have children in their 20s. Maybe they even met their spouse in school. And younger people can be quite savvy in negotiating salary, even fresh college grads if they've received advice from more experienced folks. I'm astounded by the offers some of them receive. I personally never had children, and I naturally sleep fewer hours per day now than when I was younger, so I have plenty of time to work. Every individual is different. Do you have any evidence for these generalities? The average age of first child has been increasing but is still relatively low at 26 for women and 31 for men. How many over 50 people have young children at home? Maybe they had children, but at a certain point those children leave the home. And even while at home, teenagers need much less supervision than babies. https://www.forbes.com/sites/ashleystahl/2020/05/01/new-stud... If children are the reason, it would be really strange and anti-empirical to discriminate against 50+ developers instead of discriminating against 30something developers. Statistically, the 30s are the prime child-having years. I suspect the high cost of living in those cities plays a role too. Try buying a house in SF to raise kids. :-) But raising the average 5-7 years doesn't really substantially change the argument when we're talking about discriminating against people in their 50s and 60s, who mostly don't have babies or young children at all. It just makes no sense. If anything, employers should be seeking out employees in their 50s and 60s, who are least likely of the age groups to have young children at home. If a primary reason for age discrimination is "having children", that is. But I don't believe this is true, and the whole having children thing is just an ex post facto excuse for discriminating against older people. An irrational prejudice can't be explained rationally. > I mentioned that younger people are less likely to have children, so they have more time to be devoted to work. I'm not sure why you are taking so much issue with what I said. Because it's false? This submission is about so-called "greybeards", i.e., people over 50. They are more likely to have had children at some point in their lives (perhaps 20 years earlier!) but actually less likely to have young children at home that would interfere with work time. A 25 year old developer is much more likely to have a baby than a 55 year old developer, correct? > I live in an area where extended families tend to stay together That's nice, but I'm guessing it's not the San Francisco bay area or other areas where tech jobs are concentrated. Anyway, doesn't an "extended" family include everyone of every age — by definition — and not just people over 50? > so that might be what's causing the confusion here Well, I for one am not confused. This post made me money, because it was a link to my product. :-) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31625804 I had no involvement in posting the link though. No, because "Show HN" has existed for a long time. Dupe of https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32343165 StopTheMadness already had this feature 9 months ago. https://apps.apple.com/app/stopthemadness-mobile/id158308293... No, I think it's worth way more than the price. You can buy several single-purpose extensions for $2 or $3 each and end up paying the same amount or more to get only a fraction of the features of StopTheMadness. In a strange way, this incident may demonstrate that science does work. One scientist said something dumb, was criticized for it, and was forced to retract in short order. Science is never just one person. There's no President or Pope of science. You can criticize any individual authority, no matter how prominent. Imagine if he continued to insist that the chorizo was a star in the face of severe criticism, and in fact used his power and influence to end the careers of anyone who refused to agree with him that the chorizo is a star. (This is of course an analogy to something.) What can you do to prevent sites from getting removed from DuckDuckGo as a side effect of Bing mistakenly deindexing the sites? https://www.jessesquires.com/blog/2022/07/25/my-website-disa... https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/bing.html https://io.bikegremlin.com/28530/microsoft-bing-serp-gone-ov... https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/microsoft-bing/help-w... Yes, I was able to restore some sites to Bing by Twitter DMing a Microsoft Bing VP. ;-) Where can cases like this be reported to DuckDuckGo? Astonishing that the word "littering" was not mentioned even once in the article, as if masks could just crawl into the open on their own volition. Accidents happen of course, but I'm personally skeptical that the occasional accidents are responsible for the majority of masks "in the wild", as opposed to intentional littering, e.g., dropping the mask on the ground when someone walks out of a building. Whatever your opinion of masks, I don't think that public health policy should be determined by whether people are littering. We should take measures to stop littering in any case. Also, I see no reason to prioritize bird health over human health (though we generally shouldn't have to choose one or the other). Reverse engineered. Apple doesn't have AirPlay licensing for software products, just for hardware. The iTunes key was found by DVD Jon. The Airport Express key was found by James Laird. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_Audio_Output_Protocol As a blogger whose articles occasionally become popular on HN, my main complaint is that HN commenters don't apply the same guidelines to article authors that they do to each other. There's a double standard. https://news.ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html Of course HN commenters don't always follow the guidelines with each other either, but it's at least an aspiration , and the moderators will step in if there are major violations. But there seems to be no such protection for article authors. I've found that the best way to keep HN commenters from becoming too dismissive and/or vicious is to step in and reply myself to comments on my articles. It shouldn't have to be that way, but that's the way it is now. [Edit] Example here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=32401086 The screenshots were taken on a non-retina monitor. I installed Ventura on a secondary Mac only used for testing various OS versions. Maintaining a comment system on your personal self-hosted blog brings a number of annoying issues such as spam and security vulnerabilities. > If you don't like the comments, maybe you shouldn't post on HN. Anyone can submit a blog post to HN, not just the blog author. > Does that mean that blogs hosted on Medium are not as valuable as blogs that are self-hosted on their own domain? Yes. I do wonder why technically capable people choose Medium.