That is actually a really nice metaphor they came up with. The seal and imprint are pretty useful for explaining signed email. I already explain encrypted email to colleagues with the key and lock metaphor: I give you a box full of open padlocks to which only I hold the key, and you do the same for me. Anyone can have the padlocks as long as you keep the key secure. Seems to work. Definitely! With PGP/Mime email clients that don't understand OpenPGP simply show a small attachment. Without PGP/Mime (the old way) you get funky delimiters in your mail body that look scary to non-technical users. I started with the old way (because it appears to be more compatible with legacy email clients) until a colleague worriedly asked me about the weirdness in my mails, so I switched to PGP/Mime. As far as I can tell only really old Outlook versions can't handle PGP/Mime, and you can use plain text mails as well as HTML. In any halfway decent build your tests will run whenever you build the project, to prevent tests from ever getting outdated. If any test fails, it is because you broke it just now, so you go in and see if your test is broken, or, as is often the case, your refactored code is breaking the expected behaviour of the tested code. > Tests affecting the structure […] is […] a strong code smell On the other hand, code being hard or impossible to test is often thought of as a code smell as well. Code that is easy to test is easier to understand — not in the least because there are tests demonstrating its use. Techniques such as dependency injection help a lot here. Not just to someone else. Nothing is more pleasant than going in to refactor code you wrote years ago, and find that you wrote comprehensive unit tests. Thank you past-me! Yeah, this makes Signal a total non-starter for me. It is doing the same thing WhatsApp does: you need a smartphone to use it. Even the desktop version requires a smartphone to create an account. If privacy is so important for Signal, why forbid using it without a phone number? It makes no sense. > When Times New Roman appears in a book, doc­u­ment, or adver­tise­ment, it con­notes apa­thy. It says, “I sub­mit­ted to the font of least resis­tance.” Times New Roman is not a font choice so much as the absence of a font choice, like the black­ness of deep space is not a color. To look at Times New Roman is to gaze into the void. Nicely worded. Even if you don't want to bother with typography at all, Times New Roman is rarely a good default. It was designed for typesetting tall and narrow newspaper columns, not A4 or Letter width letters and memos. I guess a lot of people are or were used to: tar -xzf file.tar.gz To be honest, I only started doing -xf a year ago. I was used to -xjf and -xzf. We were looking at a company communication channel to replace Yammer and Google Chat a while back, and briefly played with Slack. In the end trading in one cloud service for another seemed unwise. Because we already used self-hosted GitLab when they announced the inclusion of MatterMost (FOSS self-hosted alternative to Slack) we simply activated that and have been quite satisfied with it. Another self-hosted alternative you might like is MatterMost, which is quite similar to Slack in look-and-feel, but free software and self-hosted. After getting fed up with the cost of razor cartridges I went and got a double edged razor holder and 100 Derby safety razors, and never looked back. This seems to be one of those curious cases where (at least in Europe and North America!) almost everyone either owns an electric shaver or buys expensive multi-blade cartridges, and has done so for decades. But over time the value added by those cartridges — safety from children's fingers? Certainly not a closer shave — was nullified and actually made negative by their cost. Meanwhile I shave for €5 a year with safety razors. Is the marketing of cartridges such a strong agent here that the seemingly superior solution is largely ignored? Or am I not seeing the appeal of a Gillette nine-blade turbo-smooth aloë-vera-coated hyper-cartridge? I sometimes wonder if this phenomenon is limited to the West, and that the rest of the world happily shaves with cheap safety blades or straight edge razors. Good set of recommendations. Client-side certificates are great for securing web applications in a corporate setting, but the client-side is indeed a bit rough in the UI — although once set-up, it is no hassle at all. A major benefit of client-side certificates, is that you can increase the security of all internet-facing web applications you have by routing all external traffic through a gateway proxy, and performing the certificate check there. We use Nginx for that, and host applications such as GitLab, MatterMost, OwnCloud, and DokuWiki that way (performing authentication with LDAP so users can log in with the same credentials on all services). I'm not sure I agree with his suggestion of having the ability to automatically synchronize client-side certificates between devices. I would rather have that be a conscious (security) choice rather than an automatic feature. I agree as far as unsupported consumers are concerned, but it is perfectly usable in a corporate setting. As commenter mikegioia already noted; it takes only five minutes to help install the certificate on a user's computer. After that it just works. GWT may have been an impressive solution for a problem that existed when supporting legacy browsers such as Internet Explorer 6 was still an issue, but its time has passed. The general idea was that you get the mature tooling and strong typing of Java, and abstract away all the browser nastiness. Best of both worlds right? The problem with GWT is that you are only using the Java language, and so you are missing all the libraries that make Java such a rich ecosystem when run in the JVM. The abstraction layer it forms keeps your developers locked in a world that is neither Java, nor modern HTML5/ECMAScript. So instead of learning to use new browser features, your team is stuck fighting GWT's idiosyncrasies and waiting for it to finish compiling. If you are considering frameworks for a new web application, go for Ember or Angular. GWT is obsolete and will hold you back. No particular reason beyond my inexperience with React and the impression that Ember and Angular are more mature at this point. I was wondering about that mess just the other day admiring the weirdness of our borders there. I guess one reason why those enclaves and miniature counter-enclaves exist there, is because it makes for a nice tourist attraction; the local community won't give that up without a fight. This seems to concern a small unpopulated peninsula with no buildings at all, so no problem in this case. I tried to open the (Dutch) DOCX that contains the official position paper of our government, but LibreOffice refuses to open it: File format error found at SAXParseException: '[word/document.xml line 2]: unknown error', Stream 'word/document.xml', Line 2, Column 30060(row,col). http://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/brieven_regering/deta... Great. Usually OOXML Word files at least open in LibreOffice, but this one seems to have some unsolvable weirdness. I don't get why they don't offer a PDF download — it, at least, is an open format that can be reliably opened on any OS. Or offer a plain text version, or simply post the paper on their website in HTML. Interesting. This is LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. I guess it is a bug in LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. This is the default version included with Ubuntu 15.10. Much appreciated. :) The money going to OpenSSL might be related to the issue the Dutch government ran into in 2011 with the Diginotar (a certificate authority) hack; the TLS certificates for Dutch government websites were compromised at that time. While this hack was not related to weaknesses in OpenSSL (as far as I know), this did put the spotlight on the vulnerability and dependence on of the certificate chain. Supporting the software that provides this crucial layer of security makes a lot of sense for a government that has been bitten once. Done. The helpdesk representative actually mailed me the PDF version, and said that a PDF version should be forthcoming: Bijna alle kamerstukken zijn als pdf terug te vinden. Zo te zien worden de recente eerst als doc gepubliceerd. Apparently new documents can be posted as DOCX only (strange). You are right to point out the open standard guidelines, but unfortunately, they are marked as comply or explain . This means that they are not mandatory if you have a valid reason not to be able to comply with them. In this case, the reason is probably "our civil servants are used to Microsoft's defaults", which is — as much as I disagree with this policy — probably enough to get away it. It looks off somehow, but that may be because of the lack of @font-face. I have no Helvetica on my computer, so some fall-back font is chosen instead. If you have public-facing SSH daemons running, adding 2FA seems sensible. Google Authenticator essentially turns another computing device (the smartphone) into an ersatz hardware token. While this does increase security, I don't like the trend of turning the smartphone into a universal second factor. Alternatively, you could go for a dedicated hardware token such as Yubico's FIDO U2F [1] keys [2]. Hardware tokens that use the fledgling FIDO U2F standard can also be used with PAM and SSH as well [3]. Two U2F keys (one backup) will cost around $40, and can be used with a growing number of webservices, including GitHub, DropBox, and GMail as well. The small form factor means you can put the key on your (physical, real world) keychain. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ 2: https://www.yubico.com/products/yubikey-hardware/fido-u2f-se... 3: https://developers.yubico.com/pam-u2f/ > for example, PIA is probably a massive honeypot for all we know. Why the 'probably'? Of course, no VPN-provider should be trusted at face value, but do you know of any sources that claim that Private Internet Access is in fact an elaborate honeypot? This is not an attack on someone's use of language; merely a polite request to clarify a piece of ambiguous phrasing. If there are indeed sources that claim that PIA is acting as a honeypot, then that would be very interesting to know. I don't own a smartphone, for one, but I could purchase one if it would benefit me. As it is though, I cannot justify the cost and the increased monthly expenses. But for the sake of argument; if I did own a smartphone, I wouldn't want to turn it into a sort of virtual keychain. I can buy three U2F keys for under €60, and have spares. Smartphones are a single point of failure — unless you are in the habit of collecting spare smartphones. There is also the matter of control. At the moment there are only a handful of smartphones that run an OS that is not under the control of Apple, Microsoft, or Google (Ubuntu smartphones come to mind as an alternative). On the other hand, on a normal computer I can run a full free software stack. To me this seems odd. If I own a piece of hardware, I want to run an OS and applications I can legally modify and tinker with, especially if I use it as a security device. By using tools such as Google Authenticator I get sucked into this walled garden. The behaviour of hardware tokens such as Yubico's U2F keys on the other hand is completely verifiable — mostly because they are quite simple compared to a smartphone. (Aside from these personal views on software, I do have high security requirements as well for some services, where a dedicated hardware token is preferable, as you point out.) There is a crucial difference here. With FIDO U2F I am not limited to Yubico's offerings; there are other vendors. FIDO U2F devices can be manufactured by any company (and are). I agree that the ideal situation would be a device that is completely under the control of the user, but compared to IOS or Android, a hardware token that only does what it is supposed to do (in the case of the U2F tokens; register and sign authentication requests), and cannot be modified by the manufacturer after sale is very much preferable. The BBC seems to be managing to do just that quite well. Their IPlayer is quite hard to access from outside of Great Britain. If Netflix will actually do this, then it will be impossible to use Netflix with the majority of commercial VPN providers. (Netflix will lose me as a customer as well.) Kindle; so e-books right? That's digital content, and that suffers from the same problem (and silly restrictions) Netflix is having. Real — sorry — physical books might work. I you do a job for me, and I don't pay you, then most people will agree that I really ought to pay you, and that you were wronged and that I am morally and legally obliged to mend my ways. You could convincingly explain that situation to a five-year old. Now consider the perspective of someone who has the disposable income to pay for digital content, and is willing to support content producers, but gets told that his $10 is not as good as the $10 from someone from another country with a similar standard of living. This is acceptable with physical goods, where transport and stock have to be taken into account, but with digital content and today's Internet speeds it is hard to garner any sympathy. So we are left with a choice: don't watch that show, or download it illegally and watch it. It is quite hard to convince people that by downloading the show illegally, you are now depriving a content owner in some foreign country of income by not being able to sell the local rights to that content for as good a price to a local distributor; if one can be found at all, who might sell that content to you in your country, or not, or only for a much higher price on DVD or BluRay, depending on their whim and abstract factors such as the local digital content market and the actions of competitors, and… Good luck convincing these new pirates of their moral wrong. Firefox on Linux works with Netflix now? I though only Chrome worked on Linux due to the DRM Netflix uses. I watch Netflix exclusively through their website — either on TV with my HTPC (Kodi with Chrome fullscreen) or on my computer. I don't own any devices that can run their Android or IOS apps. It seems strange to consider a currency as a viable alternative for other currencies, when a sizeable chunk of the total available sum of it is owned by a single person or group simply because they came up with the system, and another large part is in the hands of speculators. There is nothing fair about a currency that is so volatile in value by design and is essentially speculative in nature. It is sad to see that this side of Bitcoin is not stressed more often. I am glad that Google is not focusing exclusively on using biometric factors to implement two or more factor authentication solutions these days, because there are quite a lot of valid arguments against widespread use of it. Biometric properties are limited in number (couple of irises, bunch of fingers), cannot be replaced (at least not with a replacement that can serve as a biometric source of identification), cannot be shared (voluntarily), and are considered by many as an unreasonably invasive manner of identifying yourself. Needless to say that the notion of a microphone analysing my every move and utterance sounds like something from a dystopian sci-fi novel. Instead of using biometric properties as a second factor, I find user-friendly and reusable hardware tokens to be very much preferable. Fortunately Google is also a backer of FIDO U2F, which outlines a standard for hardware tokens the size of a thumb — but unlike your actual meaty appendages, it is replaceable and not quite as bloody to lend to someone in case he or she has a valid reason to access your accounts for you. These work with USB, NFC, and Bluetooth LTE, on any OS, with (soon) any modern browser (currently only Chrome supports it, but Mozilla is committed to implement this technique in Firefox as well), and can be used for an infinite number of services; without the token being identifiable across services. Succeed in making having one of these tokens on your (physical!) key-chain as common as having the key your front door there, and use the economy of scale to make these tokens as cheap as a happy meal; that would be an acceptable way to beef up security for Joe Sixpack and privacy conscious netizens alike, but leave my body alone. The tokens you pass out even expire automatically. How useful. Probably because hardly anyone owns one. They are luxury items. Good point. I wonder if it is sensible to limit the number of refreshes permitted (by placing a counter in the JWT that gets decreased on every refresh). That way you could have the JWT be valid for, say, 30 minutes, and allow up to seven refreshes; after four hours you would have to re-authenticate. As for invalidating tokens; if tokens expire after a sensible interval (as they should), than you would only have to maintain a short list of recently issued and invalidated tokens. Older tokens can be removed from that list, because they cannot be used in any case after expiring. You could use a cache with a TTL set to a bit over the configured expiration interval. When the author of a website does this, there are a few tricks you can use in modern browsers to help. In Firefox shift+ctrl+m launches a developer tool that allows you to resize the viewport (for testing responsive designs) without having to resize your browser. Also available in Firefox (and even nicer) is the Reader View, which works on this blog post. Its icon should be visible on the right hand side of the address bar. Then a major factor in this vulnerability is that the API does not exclusively use TLS to secure all communication. You might want to clarify that in the blog post. When you use JWT with the option to refresh the tokens, you usually set an expiry date on the token (if not, there is no point in refreshing at all). So in order to stay authenticated, the client application has to refresh the token a short while before it actually expires and use the new one (which has an updated expiry date) or simply get signed off. The previous token expires automatically — a well-designed back-end checks against the expiry date and any other claims that should be verified, as well as the signature. So you can force clients to accept the new token with a counter that gets decremented at each refresh until you have to re-authenticate. There is no need for a separate long-term refresh token. Most vendors on AliExpress only sell such low-cost items in lots, so you could, for example, only buy these buttons by the dozen. Although that still means you end up with a margin that is ridiculously instead of ludicrously small. That sounds more like an exception than the rule. Everything I order from AliExpress of DHGate ends up at my door. We do have a very dedicated PostNL delivery guy here though. It probably won't help very much to simply name the other big names (you surely know about Heinlein and Clarke), but I was surprised to find Theodore Sturgeon's stories to be quite intriguing, even though he seems not as well-known as aforementioned contemporaries. Try some of his short stories to get a feel for his oeuvre. Could you elaborate on that? With OpenJDK at least the software side of things is pretty much stable and open (in a FOSS sense), so I take you are referring to possible legal ramifications of Oracle's actions? The requirement of a phone number is strange and disconcerting from a privacy standpoint. It is a red flag for me. A well-designed encrypted chat-protocol should work on any modern networked computing device, not just smartphones or computing devices linked to a smartphone. It's great that there is such a strong interest in secure communication, but all of the solutions that keep getting placed in the limelight in recent years are either centralised or exclusively available for use with a smartphone (because of the phone number requirement), often both! I'm sure that these solutions are a lot more secure than completely unprotected alternatives, but am I wrong in assuming that if you want secure and private communications, the following principles must be met at the least? * The protocol used must be open, standardized and implementable by others * Widely endorsed by cryptography experts * An implementation must be available and developed as free and open source software * End-to-end encryption is used for the contents of the conversations, private keys do not leave the user's computing device * The protocol must not have any technological barriers that prevent an implementation from working on any modern operating system (i.e., a phone number is not required) * The protocol must allow for a complete communications network (clients and servers) to be implemented without the need for centralised third-party services (The last point probably implies federation.) For e-mail, OpenPGP meets these requirements. For chat, XMPP has Off-The-Record messaging. Some of the above points are hostile towards any party that creates secure communications tools with the intent of growing a large user base for economic purposes. Call me a sceptic, but this is probably why use of these protocols and principals is limited to security experts and software developers who understand these principles — for anyone betting on creating the next WhatsApp in one of the mobile walled gardens embracing the whole list means risking losing your potential advertising eyeballs to alternatives. Of course, there is also the matter of infrastructure. A lot of people expect to be able to use these tools for free, but that implies that someone is paying for the hosting of (relay) servers. > impossible Difficult perhaps, certainly not impossible, and quite feasible if someone helps you. But I am not suggesting OpenPGP as an alternative for chat-apps for everyone; only for those who understand how to use the technology properly. I mention OpenPGP and XMPP OTR because they are examples of open standards that do fulfil the principles outlined above. That is, to illustrate that it is certainly not impossible or infeasible to create such a technology. What is missing is a technology that does that, and allows anyone (regardless of technological prowess) to use them safely. It is a tough problem though. I'm probably dropping my Netflix subscription when the VPN-route fails (seems to work for me now oddly enough). It is silly to expect customers outside of the US to pay a slightly higher subscription fee for a significantly smaller catalogue. The Netherlands hasn't got it as as bad as Poland, but still our catalogue is only half that of the US. I am willing to pay, and I understand that regional licensing is a complex topic, but I am often interested in the older films and series. It is great that Netflix is rolling out their own shows world-wide, but without the VPN-route it feels like I am subsidising a catalogue I cannot access myself. UNOGS probably uses a list of all countries in the world and maps that to the Netflix catalogue. I doubt the Pontifex's Netflix catalogue differs from that of Italy. Nice. Depressing as well if you look at the catalogue sizes. If the FIDO U2F standard takes off, we may just see this happen. U2F keys do not include the functionality to hold OpenPGP keys, but they could help in having people understand the notion of a keychain for security. I would have expected to see at least some of their source code on Github ( https://github.com/Crypho ), especially the client-side where the private key and passphrase are handled (as described at https://www.crypho.com/security.html ). Without being able to inspect the source, why should anyone trust this company more than, say, Google or Facebook? Ricochet looks interesting ( https://ricochet.im/ ), but can it scale with TOR as the means of transport? As much as I like the notion of anonymous communication, I wonder if the TOR network can grow beyond its current state in order to be used reliably for this type of service. From what I understand, TOR needs lots of independent exit nodes to offer dependable anonymity and have enough bandwidth, but running an exit node seems to open you up to serious legal consequences because of content passing through it that may be illegal in your jurisdiction. Doesn't that rule out normal consumers running an exit node at home? Wow, who would have thought it? Privacy Badger can answer some of those questions: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger I would expect governments to pay once for the right to use such a font in perpetuity for its intended purpose. I don't begrudge typographers their remuneration, but from a public standpoint it makes no sense to have to license a typeface separately for every government computer that needs to use it to design road signs. > Why the downvotes?! Probably because of the needless profanity and lack of an explanation for your statement (my best guess, I did not downvote you). > bells and whistles These kind of features are completely unnecessary for developers, but are useful for the less tech-savvy team members. The markup is not hidden, so it provides a way to learn some basic MarkDown (good!). That in turn improves communication, which improves your product. Beware of the fallacy of believing that because someone finds the time to polish their product or add seemingly simple features, they don't invest resources in more complex features or research and development. These are not mutually exclusive goals, even though resources are by definition limited. I would say that it is a valid question, because the answer sheds some light on the architecture and goals (or business model) of a project. It also reflects a (healthy) renewed interest in reducing our dependency on cloud services; because of privacy concerns or legal implications for example. It is also not immediately apparent from Ring's website and wiki. The developers of Ring are quite helpful in replying here on HN though. If you leave out the secure, distributed, decentralised, free software, and privacy conscious aspects Ring is touting, you get Skype. Why do you want a Skype killer if not for those features? Considering the amount of variables that contribute to the browser fingerprint, you would be forced to conclude that the only way to prevent being so unique is to run a browser in a vanilla VM (although the OS is already a variable in itself). I think this is a topic that gets discussed by (for example) the Firefox developers, but I get the feeling that this is one of the hardest problems to fix. I would like to see a browser mode akin to the privacy mode most browsers feature that reduces the number of identifying variables (at the cost of features). So instead of telling the world that my time zone is CET and I prefer English (GB) as language, it would select a random time zone and locale (although this does inconveniently mean that sites might suddenly serve me content in Portuguese). Come to think of it, TOR Browser probably does a couple of these things. Disabling Javascript is surely the biggest factor, although that does make the modern web pretty much unusable. On the other hand, a lot of users only expect that their loved ones cannot access their porn browsing history — this is the common user story for privacy mode. If this feature was designed from that perspective, rather than a leave-no-trace-behind philosophy, this kind of behaviour is entirely plausible. Not that I would recommend a Microsoft browser when you want privacy; or their OS for that matter. A lot of factors that make up the total fingerprint have an influence on how sites react to your browser, so I would have it change per-session and per-domain to prevent weirdness. Most Linux distributions by default configure the track-pad to emulate the middle mouse by clicking the left and right button simultaneously. Not as nice as an actual third button, but useful if you are on a laptop without a peripheral mouse attached. A classic example of Germany's Wirtschaftswunder. Today you would be hard pressed to find a home where his company's wall plugs are not used somewhere — at least in Europe. Absolutely. The number of people who would still resort to blocking ads if they were non-targeted, static, tastefully done yet clearly recognizable as advertisements, served locally, non-tracking, and non-obtrusive would probably have been negligible. But now there is an entire economy that depends on advertisements that track you and know you and need to be served via third party brokers, because if they didn't they wouldn't sell. I don't know the solution to fix this mess, but I will gladly help pop the current bubble so something more useful can replace it. Had the same thing happen to me with a monitor. I neglected to install an ad-blocker right away on that freshly installed computer. Not making that mistake again. Cats for ads. Has a nice ring to it. I'm surprised no one built it yet. How is their plan autistic? Hanke and Henry seem idealistic, academic, and likely lack a solid understanding of the sociological consequences that make their plan utterly unattainable, but they don't strike me as sufferers of autism. Fido U2F support is currently in development by Mozilla for Firefox. See the last post of that bug, or look for the U2F discussions on the Firefox mailing lists if you want to find out more about the current status. I really like the Fido U2F concept, because it ticks all the right boxes; simple to use, reusable for multiple services without being traceable, multiple hardware vendors, open standard, soon implement in Chrome, Firefox, and Edge (although I am not sure about the status in Edge right now), and cheap. But this solves logging in with a browser . I have been wondering about things like IMAP for e-mail access. To secure my mail a second factor sounds great, but right now all solutions mean I get 2FA when I log in with a browser, but as soon as I use an e-mail client I am back to username and password (application-specific or otherwise). Ideally, Fido U2F would be an option to use with IMAP and SMTP as well, so that Thunderbird, Outlook, or Apple Mail can prompt me to touch the U2F key when I get my mail. I have not been able to find much information on this approach yet though. Is it possible? Desirable? Any insights? Such backup codes are probably the safest way to go about this. A sheet of codes that you print or write out on a piece of paper and store with your valuables. No phone required, at all. It would not be a very useful standard if a smartphone was a requirement. Have a look at this short overview: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ UAF is authentication by means of a local device with some biometric authentication factor. U2F uses a separate hardware token that can be used via USB, NFC, or Bluetooth LE — so basically, any modern computing device. The client-side code and the standard are fairly trivial to implement — thanks to Yubico as well — but the problem lies in designing and standardising an extension to the existing mail protocols, and getting that accepted as a common feature for e-mail providers (such as Google and Microsoft) and a common feature in MTAs and MDAs. Duly noted; thanks for clarifying. I do get the impression UAF is targeted mostly as a biometric authentication system — which I indeed dislike, so I do see your point. Perhaps the confusion stems from the UAF/U2F split and the examples shown. Only for Fido UAF though. Fido U2F also attains the goal of reducing the knowledge factor to a PIN or something similar, but does this by employing discrete hardware tokens as the possession factor. That is exactly why we have , and >= (≥) in programming languages. It is a lot less verbose than saying exclusiveBetween(x, 5, 10) . In that respect, I miss the word 携帯. スマホ ( sumaho , ugh!) feels so uncultivated in such a pleasant language. It was a predictable outcome though. Japanese has a tendency to abbreviate common words, and the term smartphone (the unwieldy スマートフォン/sumātofon) was imported with the first generations of smartphones. The German Handy on the other hand (as ccozan mentions)… What a lovely word. Pocket PC still sounds nice, but Apple's marketing efforts caused the meaning of the word to become unclear. Pocket computer is perhaps the most neutral term available. For the average consumer this semantic discussion won't change their perception of those devices though. The masses for now have settled on the three categories of smartphone, tablet, and laptop/desktop computer. (Even more frustrating is that every piece of software, service, and website you use on those devices, and in some countries even a text message is called simply app .) Ditto. Nothing at all with uBlock Origin, just the article. Number ② might actually be feasible if micro payments can be implemented in a sensible manner. That is something I would like to see, but it seems hard to get right. An option missing from your list is sites providing free access to the first few articles in order to generate interest in their paid offerings. Newspapers sometimes do this; on their own sites and at aggregate services providing paid access to the articles from several newspapers and magazines. Google Analytics (and other comparable services) will often be blocked by tools such as EFF's Privacy Badger. It depends on your audience how many users do this. If you want reliable metrics, analyse your webserver's access logs instead, or implement a usage logging solution that does not depend on calls to a third party domain. Fonts hosted at a third party can be blocked, but not as often as analytics services. You could simply host the WOFF files with your website. As long as you configure the webserver to serve these fonts with the proper caching headers, users should only request them once. I like the concept of micro payments, but I am worried about the notion of a single large party providing this service. Can you imagine the worth of all those user profiles correlating topics, interests, articles, and websites? Payment would have to be anonymous for this to work. At least with Pidgin I could participate with any modern networked computing device. We have now reached a point where the most popular messaging networks are exclusively tied to smartphones (e.g., WhatsApp). What worries me most though, is that some businesses and governments no longer appear willing to use e-mail for external formal communication at all. When I asked my bank (ING in the Netherlands) how I could e-mail them with a question, they stated that e-mail is no longer an option (not even via a web-form), and that I would have to use Twitter direct messages, Facebook, or a web-based chat-page for any digital communication with them. E-mail may not be hip, but I do get to keep an archive with sent and received communications that I can easily backup and keep for future reference, just like I do with paper mail (at least the important stuff). Character is fine when talking about Unicode. As in: “That character at code point U+1F918 is not showing up as a proper glyph for me.” You might be thinking of how a single Unicode character does not necessarily map to a single byte in UTF-8 (the most common Unicode encoding). Some programming languages call a single byte variable a char or character; is that what you are referring to? Incidentally, the U+1F918 before 'about' is not available as a glyph on my system — i.e., I don't have a font installed that has it. The creator probably uses a Mac (as evidenced by his exclusive use of ⌘). Probably because the traditional Western image of a bidet is a separate bowl in a luxurious bathroom. That is, it comes across as a luxury item. It is an interesting topic though. I have spent a year living in Japan as a graduate student, and had an ultra-modern all-in-one toilet with a built-in bidet (these are quite common in Japanese homes, and even hotels tend to have them en-suite). At first you are confronted with your cultural baggage; all your life you have been using toilet paper to sanitize your nether regions. After that curiosity sets in, and you rationalize that if a whole modern society embraces this technology, than certainly there must be something to it. Then you start using it, and soon marvel at how barbaric and uncouth the toilet paper method is. Upon returning to my Western country I was again back to toilet paper, but getting a Japanese style toilet seat with built-in bidet is on my wish list… Unfortunately, toilet habits are not something that can be easily changed in any society. It is not something people like to discuss. If you've never encountered a bidet (built-in or otherwise) and had the opportunity to use it for a decent while, chances are you will reject the notion of owning one. While I agree with the sentiment, I fear that for many software developers ensuring the continuity of their livelihood is more important — either by necessity or choice — than defending the right to privacy and the freedom to keep private records. The difference is that it is for all practical purposes impossible to actually ban strong encryption, because it is a virtual good; it is a mathematical concept, implemented in a lot of widely available open source code. At most you can legislate that stock computing devices (such as smartphones) contain no such strong encryption without government backdoors, and you would be able to catch the low hanging fruit of the criminals depending on that technology. But you cannot prevent someone from using strong encryption using third party applications. How will you force a backdoor into, say, gnupg or dm-crypt? Outlaw that software? Any criminal worth his salt will use tools that are not backdoored, completely negating the gimped government-approved stock software. Guns are physical items that require physical ammunition. It is a completely different situation. This discussion and comparison is also very strange for someone from Europe, where owning a gun is rare and completely undesirable for the vast majority. I think your standpoint may well be what the majority considers reasonable, but consider this; nothing stops a criminal from using encryption technology without backdoors. There is no way to ban such technology, because it is already available for free from websites all around the globe, and distributed with free operating systems. So what you end up with is a gimped encryption technology that is much more vulnerable than what we have now for the common man, and strong encryption (available for free, right now) for everyone with a modicum of know-how. And how would you implement a global three-key backdoor? Which governments get to participate? Or should each country get their own backdoor for computing devices sold locally? Can I legally buy a computing device from another country and use it here? Can I legally install software of my own choosing? The kind of encryption that we use to safely buy stuff on-line (such as TLS for securing our HTTP connections) and the kind that security-aware people use to secure data (which includes criminals and anarchists, but also activists living under repressive regimes, healthcare professionals, lawyers, software developers, etc.) is quite similar from a mathematical standpoint. The underlying algorithms (such as AES, SHA-2, RSA, etc.) and mathematical concepts are often the same. There is no practical difference in the kind of crypto a criminal uses and the kind you would use to store your passwords and scans of important documents. Periodically copy them to an encrypted external (thumb) drive and keep that in a safe place. Use two if you want to store one of them off-site. Piece of cake with LUKS and dm-crypt on any modern Linux distro. Just use a long passphrase that you can remember. A private key without a passphrase can be used by anyone who gets hold of it. Why disable the extra protection a passphrase affords? With an ssh agent you can store the passphrase in the keychain you unlock when you log on, so you won't have to type it whenever you use it, unless you ssh into your own machine and try to use the key from the remote shell (which makes sense). Of course, in every security scenario the risks determine the level of security, but having a passphrase has no practical downsides. Exactly! Just use OpenPGP! Once you've set up OpenPGP for all developers and operators that deal with secrets and production databases, it is a piece of cake to simply click the 'encrypt' button in the e-mail client whenever you need to share production log files or other potentially sensitive information with colleagues. In an ideal world sensitive data never leaves the production environment or the machine of the developer or operator working on it, but sometimes things break down, and you need to share information to find out what went wrong, as soon as possible, with colleagues who are not necessarily physically nearby. It is best to have these tools set up and part of your work flow when you do need them. If you don't have your ATM-card, you can't withdraw money from your account. If you don't have your car keys, you can't use your car. This is completely desirable. Yubikeys are very durable and small; just put them on your (physical) key-chain. To prevent losing access when you lose your key, ensure you have a backup yubikey, or backup the keys stored on the yubikey so you can create a new one. If you use a solution where the secret cannot leave the key (such as Fido U2F keys) than register your backup key with all the services you use as well, or generate recovery codes for each service. Needless to say, these should be stored in a very secure place. A passphrase also protects against someone acquiring your private key by some other means. For example, if you accidentally copy the key file somewhere, or some tool (Dropbox, OwnCloud, any cloud syncing tool) syncs it to an unsecured or compromised location. The passphrase adds a knowledge factor to the key's security. I wish people would be more critical of these platforms, but the immediate benefits of instant gratification and communication seem to trump the more abstract notions of digital freedom and privacy. Look at how in some countries (e.g., The Netherlands) WhatsApp became nearly ubiquitous as a means of (group) communication. As someone critical of our digital freedom this bothers me. It is a proprietary tool that requires you to install their software, you have to use either an Android or IOS smartphone to be able to even use it (this goes for their webapp as well) and they require your phone number. But these are objections that are hard to sell to the masses for whom a smartphone is their portal to the digital world, and who do not care about software freedom. Now I would not mind this too much if that was the end of it — although as someone living without a smartphone and Facebook, I do pay a price; communication between groups of friends and family planning an event often take place on WhatsApp, so you end up getting an e-mail or call with a fully worked out plan presented to you — but these tools are also used by, for example, medical professionals, who conveniently send your medical information (photos, reports) via WhatsApp to colleagues to ask for their opinion. Never mind that it is illegal to export personal data of this nature to foreign servers under control of a corporation that has no contractual obligation to properly handle such data, not to mention that is quite undesirable. Fortunately the regulatory body in the Netherlands has condoned this practice, but it illustrates the dismal state of affairs. The regulatory body responsible for this field is already taking measures; fortunately! It does highlight how digital security and privacy are simply not considered by these professionals. True, it is available on all proprietary mobile operating systems, but you cannot use it on Windows, Mac OS X, or GNU/Linux without a smartphone registered with WhatsApp. This is by design as far as I can tell. Most people who have an OpenPGP key upload their public key to one of the on-line key-servers. These key-servers sync keys with each other, so you can find any published public key from any one of them. Try https://pgp.mit.edu/ for instance. Enigmail in Thunderbird offers a way to search these key-server from within the mail application, perhaps Mailvelope has this feature as well? The problem here is that there is no way for the average user to tell if the server itself is serving you client-side code that will actually encrypt your data before sending it to the server. The browser security model explicitly depends on trusting the remote server (whose identity you verified using TLS, and with whom you can communicate securily) with whatever data you enter client-side. With end-to-end encryption of e-mail, the server is not part of the immediate trust model; it is to act only as a transfer agent. This is why end-to-end e-mail encryption is easy with a dedicated mail user agent (MUA) such as Thunderbird with Enigmail, but awkward with webmail, where you need a third party browser plugin (such as Mailvelope) to provide the encryption step. > What's current best practice for people using gmail who want client side encryption? Use OpenPGP and access GMail through IMAP with a mail user agent (MUA) such as Thunderbird with Enigmail, or one of the other mail clients that support OpenPGP (either directly or by means of a plugin). By doing this you strictly separate mail transfer (which GMail does for you) and encryption (which you and the receiver perform locally with OpenPGP key-pairs). GMail sees only strongly encrypted data for which it has no keys. Interesting; I can see the video in The Netherlands. I wonder which specific regions they are blocking and why. It is fairly easy. I have a fairly dumb feature-phone I almost always leave at home unless I want to be reachable away from home. During work hours I work on a computer connected to the Internet, and can be reached quite reliably via e-mail, or via my employer's office phone. You do need a mobile phone these days because (in The Netherlands) the government requires SMS authentication for some services, but I don't feel the need to own and carry a smart phone with me all the time. It is nice to see all these WebRTC solutions appear. For teams wishing to do teleconferencing using any platform (mobile and desktop) this is good news. I wonder how long before a FOSS self-hosted solution is available? What I couldn't figure out from http://hubl.in though; how is Linagora going to cover the costs of (and presumably raise a profit from) this service? Is it a freemium model, or is the current phase simply intended to garner interest and gain a foothold in the market? PIA actually performs rather nice with bittorrent. It is slower than a bare connection from your ISP of course, but fast enough for most purposes. Yours seems like a valid use case, but the underlying issue appears not being able to trust and administer your own computing device. From what I can tell a local firewall is possible (with iptables), but you need to install a custom Android build and 'root' your phone. This thread highlights exactly why using Bitcoin for this purpose is tricky for outsiders. Buying a gift card with cash is a process I can understand, but with Bitcoin the amount of knowledge needed to get started safely and anonymously is quite large, and there seems to be a lot of conflicting information going about. > it's not about the average person, it's about someone with something to hide Keep in mind that the FBI would love it if everyone held that to be true. We all have something to hide, average person or not. No matter if you are a criminal, political activist, pervert, lawyer, priest, or just the baker down the street. Paraphrasing John Oliver: your banking statements, medical data, dick pics, private messages, dick pics, dick pics, and your secret diary are all things you most likely want to hide. ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsjZ2r9Ygzw ) The FBI would not mind a situation where only people with technological know-how use GnuPG, LUKS with dm-crypt, etc., and the rest whatever came with their smartphone. Most criminals are not particularly tech-savvy, so if that group loses access to strong encryption by default, they largely gain what they want. Of course there is no practical way to make the use of strong encryption by individual citizens around the globe illegal, and they know this. They may however succeed in outlawing strong disk encryption available by default on store-bought devices. So when a suspect uses an Android or IPhone, and the FBI has his or her device, they want to be able to access its contents without the suspect's consent. Ideally, they also want the most popular messaging platforms (like Facebook's WhatsApp) to have a backdoor available, in order for the vendor to be able to comply with warrants for such data. That is, I fear, the sad state of mobile operating systems. On the desktop you can choose from a bunch of GNU/Linux distributions that are generally considered quite secure and are under a lot of scrutiny — when Ubuntu introduced a search feature that sent search strings from their dash directly to Amazon to helpfully present purchasable media, this was strongly condemned and ultimately disabled by default. But on smartphones your choices are limited. There are a couple of alternatives, but losing access to either Google's or Apple's app-store appears to be an insurmountable obstacle for most smartphone owners. I am assuming (not judging though!) this is the case here too. On a technical level though, all IP traffic passes through iptables, even on Android. You are right that manually blocking all that stuff is impractical. Doing the filtering outside of the phone won't solve that dilemma though. The benefit of installable client software is that the encryption software and the relaying party (your e-mail provider) are completely unrelated and separate. So if I use GMail and encrypt my messages to Bob with GnuPG, than no matter what GMail does with the encrypted message, it either gets delivered securely (and is verifiable by Bob as having been written by me) or not. Any adversary would have to compromise the source of my operating system's GnuPG version (or Bob's), and have access to the messages themselves. The browser model explicitly trusts the remote server to provide whatever JavaScript code it sees fit, so if your e2e webmail provider is compromised, you get a backdoored crypto library that works as far as your browser and you can tell. It all comes down to trust of course, but the separation of concerns adds a very real layer of security, and I trust Debian and its maintainers (and the experts who scrutinize these things) more than a single commercial e-mail provider. If a browser provides an OpenPGP API, than how would I know whether or not a website uses it properly? What is to stop a compromised webmail provider from serving me a web page that claims to use this API to encrypt my message before sending it, but also simply sends the plain text message captured from the mail composition page along? You are typing your sensitive message right there in the browser, in the web page provided by them, with JavaScript provided by them, which can simply send whatever you type directly to their (compromised) server. This means OpenPGP in the browser is technically feasible, but very insecure because a third party can access the data before it is encrypted. To make a browser provided OpenPGP API work, it would have to provide the input area where you type your confidential message in a way that makes it clear it is the browser that provides it, and the web page JavaScript cannot access it before encryption. This is of course exactly what stand-alone e-mail clients do, so why implement it in the browser? Often it is even simpler than that. For encrypted e-mail using an e-mail client (such as Thunderbird with Enigmail) for addressees with known PGP-keys, hitting the 'encrypt' button and entering your passphrase is all that is needed once all is set up. Decrypting means you get prompted to enter your passphrase, and that's all there is to it. Even if a streaming service was guaranteed not to disappear after a couple of years, licensing agreements and conflicts mean that content can simply disappear from the service after a while. With the ever lowering price of storage, simply syncing my digitized music library to my computing devices offers the best experience. PDFBox does not seem to depend on anything but the JDK (1.6) and commons-logging, so it might work if you manage to find a working and matching version of commons-logging for GWT, and if PDFBox only uses the JDK parts supported by GWT. That is a pretty big if though. I doubt someone bothered to port this to GWT, but who knows, you may be in luck. If you are trying to generate PDFs in a web-application, I would delegate this task to the back-end. Nuance and variety. A (quality) newspaper has its own signature, and presents you with a variety of articles (including news, investigative journalism, and op/ed articles). Some of these will be very popular, some of these will only interest a subset of the readers. Sometimes an article about something completely unfamiliar to you will turn out quite interesting. That is the serendipitous effect you get with a newspaper — although you do apply some form of filter by choosing newspaper X over newspaper Y. If only economic concerns where a factor in determining what to write about, you would end up with a few insightful articles about widely appealing topics widely shared, but fewer high quality articles about niche topics. A newspaper for me is a convenient shorthand for “a group of journalists and columnists who write good quality articles”. I would hate to have to hunt down individual articles and authors! The risk of getting locked up in my own private filter bubble is way too high. I have a subscription to a newspaper I read daily, but sometimes I want to read an article from another (Dutch) newspaper. That is when Blendle is really useful (Blendle is a Dutch company, and all major Dutch newspapers make their articles available there). The situation may be bleaker in the US. I am not overly familiar with US newspapers. Blendle has no flat-rate, but if you buy several articles from a single issue of a publication, Blendle will simply give you access to the complete issue (e.g., today's New York Times) when the amount you paid for the separate articles exceeds the cost of the complete issue. In addition to the obligatory little Bobby Tables, this blog post describing the falsehoods programmers believe about names is informative and a must-read for anyone dealing with names in software: http://www.kalzumeus.com/2010/06/17/falsehoods-programmers-b... Imagine the cowboy code responsible for such an abomination of a bug. The challenge here with authenticated end-to-end encryption, is that it depends on having the user's private key available. Whereas for HTTPS no secret knowledge factor belonging to the user is needed (unless you use client-side certificates). That simplifies matters quite a bit. Unfortunately, banks (at least in The Netherlands) seem to favour a different solution altogether, which is not to send e-mails at all, but expect you to log on frequently on their on-line banking environment to look in your banking 'inbox' there. Banks, insurance companies, pension funds, the revenue service, the local municipal government; they all expect you to frequently log on to their portals, and look at their digital correspondence addressed to you there. Some do send a notification e-mail stating that 'a message is waiting for you', but you never know if that message is actually important or merely trivial noise. They have declared e-mail dead. I abhor this situation, because with e-mail (and coincidentally, old-fashioned paper mail) all correspondence addressed to me comes to me in a single inbox, where I can archive and backup important stuff. I really wish I had the option to simply upload my GPG public key to these portals so that all these phony inboxes simply mailed me my correspondence encrypted! Oddly specific, but refreshing to see something like this without any third party code and ads. In fact, the source is delightfully minimal, clean, and human readable. Yes! Passwordstore is nothing more than a BASH script you can easily browse yourself to see what it does. Encryption is done by GnuPG, so if you already have a GPG-key, getting started is even easier. The command-line interface is very intuitive, and there are a couple of GUI front-ends as well if you want one. Also, passwordstore's database is nothing more than a directory structure containing GPG-encrypted text files. You can access these files without passwordstore as well, as long as you have your GPG private key. For distributing your password database to multiple machines, passwordstore integrates with git. Another option is the excellent syncthing ( https://syncthing.net/ ) which syncs chosen directories with trusted machines (verified using TLS) on the local network. Passwordstore stores secrets in a directory tree. A really nice feature of passwordstore is that you can have it encrypt secrets under specified directories for multiple GPG-keys. So what I do to share some passwords with my partner, is set up a certain directory in passwordstore's tree to encrypt for both our GPG-keys, and sync only that directory with her computer with syncthing. She has the same setup, but with the default for her passwordstore's database being her own GPG-key. So we both have our private passwords, and a shared set of passwords and other secrets that is synced whenever both our computers are on the same local network. Also, the security of passwordstore depends on how you handle your GPG-key, so if you use something like a Yubikey NEO to store your GPG-key on, you effectively have two-factor authentication, as mentioned in OP's question. Who pays for this service if it is free and shows no advertisements? That is actually quite an interesting service. If the price was a bit lower than the €5,99 a month listed now (say, €3,99 a month) I would consider simply getting a year-round subscription if the content is good. It would form a nice supplement to Netflix. It is a bit disappointing to read this in their FAQ though: IN HOW MANY COUNTRIES CAN I WATCH FILMS ON MUBI? You can stream and download movies in over 200 countries around the world. Every country has its own unique line-up, as the rights to show even a single film are often divided by different distributors and territories, making it very difficult to show the same movies in every country at once. This in turn allows us to tailor each country's selection for the local audience . This is of course unavoidable due to the global licensing mess for media with regional exclusive deals, but it is irksome nonetheless. I don't like this bit about tailoring the selection for my country though — with art-house films one of the most interesting things is discovering films made in countries that normally wouldn't reach you. The serendipity is what makes it appealing to browse art-house films. If a service 'tailors the selection' to my country, what does that even mean? Absolutely. Sturgeon seems like one of those writers you tend to discover by picking up a second hand paperback with his work on a whim. Second hand book stores and book fairs are great places to pick up some of his novels and short story collections on the cheap. Free software vector drawing application Inkscape supports these spiro curves in its UI. It is an option you can select for the curves and lines drawing tool. The requirement of a mobile phone number and either Android or IOS, or a linked instance of one of those seems even more restrictive for a tool that claims to be all about privacy. The way governments are rapidly closing up methods to register a mobile phone number without ID are disconcerting, although predictable due to the common use of burner phones as communication device of choice for nefarious purposes. Reading that, and the blog post linked to by sigmar, his stance comes across as rather belligerent; perhaps even childish. I would expect that if you wanted to communicate with someone who is privacy-conscious, and provides a public e-mail address linked to a GPG-identity, encrypting and signing your message to him or her is only civil and is to be expected. I understand Moxie's criticism of existing crypto-tools, GnuPG in particular, and he makes some valid points, but dismissing anyone who mails you and uses GPG (because you have published your GPG public key) as nutjobs seems overly antagonistic. That to me seems at odds with the greater goal of facilitating easily attainable privacy and digital freedom for all. I do understand this choice when judging Signal purely as a replacement for WhatsApp etc., but even then I wouldn't design a protocol based on the requirement of a mobile phone number and one of the two dominant mobile operating systems (and thus a smartphone). Yes, in Inkscape the SVG backing what you see in the UI uses Bézier curves. A curving line drawn in Inkscape is an SVG path: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Pa... In Inkscape you can open the XML Editor (from the Edit menu) and see how the object you've drawn is represented in SVG. A simple path with one Bézier curve may look like this: d: m 10,20 c 5,-5 15,10 20,5 Having an alternative to the might of Google is something I value greatly. I am glad DuckDuckGo is getting more popular. I have noticed that Google has gotten more and more localized in the search results returned, whereas DuckDuckGo doesn't care where I live or who I am; I prefer the latter. On a modern computer with SSD drive the iteration time is actually negligible for a not too complex stylesheet; auto-reloading might even be faster than manually refreshing your browser without a build chain. I just visit the website of the local cinema, but I see your point. I wouldn't mind actively opting for some sort of local search whenever localized information is exactly what I want, but with Google I seem to have no choice in the matter. That is the only correct answer. .+@.+ In human language: an email address consists of something, an @, and something. That's it. The name part can be anything; so don't validate it beyond having a character. We don't have one-character domains yet, but there is no reason to exclude them. It is already possible to arrange your own top-level domain if your pockets are deep enough ( .google ), so don't be surprised if some megacorp starts using a top-level domain without any subdomains. Don't validate the domain part beyond having a character. It is 2016. We should know better by now than to clip passwords at all . Sure, place a limit of 512 characters on it to prevent abuse, and for security reasons there can be a number of minimal requirements for length and complexity, but please let me be the one to decide if 32 characters is sensible or not. kindlysodoff@mailinator.com is nice, and actually works for that one activation link you have to click. Yeah, the point of checking for the @ is chiefly to prevent inexperienced users (e.g., elderly) from entering the wrong type of data. For example, enter a line from their postal address instead of their email address. You can't use Signal without a smartphone running Android or IOS. Even the webapp requires a linked smartphone; a phone number is a hard requirement of Signal. Good solid set of tips. One thing I would like to see a summary of is the use of secure USB-keys to keep your private key off your computing device using the smart-card functionality in GnuPG [0]. It seems that this is possible with devices such as Yubico's Yubikey Neo [1]. Having your GPG private key with you as a physical 'key' — with all private operations performed via the USB-key — seems like a great way to increase security and prevent loss of your private key. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OpenPGP_card [1]: https://developers.yubico.com/PGP/Importing_keys.html Nice set up. It's all about proportionality. If your GPG-key (and SSH-key) grants you access to servers containing sensitive data placed there in good faith (think medical records), then having your private keys stored somewhere they can't be copied from without physically obtaining (and destroying) the keys is totally justified. And if you are doing it because, well, you can, then you are helping in making this knowledge available to the wider community. Doesn't the bank have a web-application with feature parity with their Android and IOS apps? I would expect to be able to do the same things with on-line banking, regardless of the operating system I run or device I use (provided I have a modern web browser). This is actually something that is attempted every now and then; architects claiming that they own the (commercial) visual rights to something that exists in public space. In 2004 the architect of a bridge in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, tried to claim that photographs and reproductions of 'his' bridge were unlawful, and that a fee would have to paid for any sold reproduction of that bridge (such as a postcard). Luckily this was prevented by an EU directive that states clearly that any art or architecture located in a public area may be photographed, provided that it is reproduced as-is. I wonder if this EU directive is applicable to this situation in Sweden? Nominally, OOXML is an open format. But in practice it is littered with legacy Microsoft Office stuff only Word can do right and weird hacks. LibreOffice/OpenOffice do a good job in implementing OOXML, but despite these efforts .docx documents often have lots of little issues when opened outside of Microsoft Office. Compare the OOXML standard's 6000 pages to ODF's 600. I have worked with both for the purpose of generating documents from scratch, and OOXML is a monster. Not to mention the ballot-stuffing that occurred to get OOXML accepted as an ISO-standard… https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standardization_of_Office_Open... This is one of those curious cultural things that are well-accepted in a handful of countries and seem completely loony to the rest of the world. America has its engagement ring culture I guess. The phrasing of the article title says a lot. I spent €100 on a lovely antique necklace for my fiancée, knowing full-well that she would call me crazy and feel unpleasantly embarrassed if I spent more on it. Meanwhile you come across stories of American men spending several monthly salaries on diamond engagement rings simply because they are expected to. Fascinating how such a custom has such strong inertia, despite all the critical voices denouncing it — not in the least because of the harmful way diamonds are mined. Refreshingly, the geekier types seem to lean towards all sorts of creative alternatives, such as lab-grown diamonds, alternative unencumbered gem stones, and the coolest space-age metals. From what I can tell without any legal expertise, the EU Copyright Directive provides a way for countries to make certain exceptions (article 5(3)), which literally includes the case of architecture and sculptures in a public setting. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyright_Directive So whereas the Netherlands sensibly chose to enact this exception, other countries selectively allowed certain situations, such as the lights of the Eiffel Tower and possibly Belgium's Atomium landmark. This blog post (in Dutch) contains a good summary of the Dutch bridge case: http://www.nandoonline.com/?p=4543 Are people really bothered by this? Matroska is hardly new and is well-supported in modern media players. It is also free open-source software, and technologically equivalent or even superior to MP4. MP4 on the other hand is patent-encumbered, and supports DRM — not things people who take a radically different stance on intellectual property tend to appreciate. But all that has nothing to do with the actual encoding of video. Matroska is a container format, so if you have an MP4 and a MKV video file encoded with the same audio and video codecs, you get the same quality. From what I understand from Matroska, it has better support and flexibility for including additional resources such as subtitles. So what kind of ancient media player are people using that makes this switch relevant to them at all? That is probably one of the driving forces behind this and similar technologies (NFC and Bluetooth LTE integration with the browser). All technologies supported by 2FA standard Fido U2F incidentally. So yeah, I understand why adding this to a web browser seems unwanted, but as long as the API is well-defined and built with security as its first and primary concern, this could actually improve the overall security of on-line services significantly by making two-factor authentication something your browser just does, and does right. I can recommend skimming the Fido U2F spec [1] to anyone with doubts about the applicability and necessity of this standard. The linked article basically starts with a section on privacy and security concerns though, so that is somewhat reassuring. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ (look for U2F in particular) Already possible in Chrome, and soon in Firefox, with Edge having announced eventual support; have a look at Fido U2F [1]. Yubico sells U2F tokens that can be used to authenticate with GMail, Dropbox, and GitHub in your browser; today. I just hope that these standards become implemented soon enough for governments to choose them over home brewed or proprietary solutions. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ This is probably what I find most worrying about the TOR concept. By running an exit node, you open yourself up to all sorts of legal actions. But if you can't run a TOR exit node as an average citizen, won't all exit nodes end up being run by NSA, GCHQ, and their ilk? To be fair, getting of Twitter because you find the interaction became toxic is in line with what he is propagating. If you are a staunch believer in the concept of safe-spaces and trigger-free environments, you would stay on Twitter and expect everyone to adhere to those principles. But the world doesn't work like that, and people become complete and utter twats behind the veil of anonymity afforded by the internet. If you don't like the way rude people act, and you can't reason with them or have a meaningful dialogue, you can simply ignore them. If a communication tool turns from a cheerful digital village square into a seedy back-alley, getting out of there is sensible. That seems to me opposite of insisting that people accommodate you at all costs, which is what he is criticizing. They know you use an ad-blocker and that you want to block ads, they don't know why, but they'll make an assumption. It is a fair guess that you use an ad-blocker because you don't want to see any ads; whether that is for privacy reasons, bandwidth, or because you dislike ads is not really relevant to them. In fact, most people who block ads probably do so for a combination of those reasons, and I am willing to bet that most users of ad-blockers simply don't want to see ads on every page they visit. So their assumption is not that unreasonable. If you want websites to know exactly why you use an ad-blocker, just mail them and tell them. The answer you'll receive (if any) will probably tell you that they depend on ad income to provide a free service, that they need ad delivery networks to act as brokers for their advertising space (and thus can't host their own ads), and that you are welcome to purchase a premium subscription if you want to use their service without ads. Glad you like it, but I actually stopped reading the article due to the atrocious typography and gimmicks. Those shadows behind the asides that move as you move your mouse are extremely distracting, and they overlap with the body text. For the body font they depend on users having Helvetica or Arial installed to render (neither of which I have) instead of using @font-face, so the text looks out of place. Also, none of the background images loaded for me until I tried with a browser without ad-blocker and third-party tracking protection. Please define online services . Renting a VPS has a fixed cost associated with it regardless of your location, so the hosting provider can't do much to differentiate prices based on the customer's location. You are probably referring to digital products that have an initial development cost, but no or negligible transport and manufacturing costs. Buying a digital game on Steam is a good example of this (this goes for films, ebooks, and music as well). Game prices on Steam can be based on the GDP of your country, because if they used the same prices as in Western Europe or the US everywhere, a lot of people would not be able to afford the games. For a game developer on Steam a lost sale means less profit, whereas a sale, any sale , means profit — even if the price was heavily discounted — at no, or almost no, additional cost for the service rendered. Not everyone does this though, because that is how a free economy works. If a game studio thinks they can sell more games in Turkey by lowering prices there, they will probably do it. On the other hand, if someone is selling an ebook that no one else sells, and they know that you are willing to pay the full price even though it costs you more (relatively speaking), then why would they lower the price? They are a business, not a philanthropy. Not exactly a shining example of proper authentication. I don't particularly like being forced to use a mobile phone for government authentication (because of the text message token requirement). It would be nice if we could get some decent two-factor authentication in the next iteration. I hope Idensys (DigiD's successor) will get the hardware factor right, and provide a truly cross-platform solution that does not involve mobile phone numbers. Because alternative mobile operating systems cannot compete in the same consumer space due to the duopoly of walled gardens where people expect all popular apps to be available (although I do believe that there is a niche market for a free software smartphone amongst developers). If you treat a smartphone as a normal computer, you would expect to be able to use a service such as Uber by means of a modern web browser providing a sandbox for their web application, like you do on Linux, Mac OS X, or Windows. Installing someone's stand-alone software only to access an on-line service would probably seem invasive and absurd. Broadly speaking, on a smartphone people probably accept this because of the trade-off. Apple and Google keep your mobile computer stable, fast, and free from viruses and malware by managing your operating system and vetting the software you can install through their app-stores. For a lot of people this trade-off seems preferable to an alternative. Not sure why you are getting downvoted for voicing a valid concern. Pastafarianism is a great non-violent method of highlighting the privileged position of organised religions worldwide. When a nation decides that church and state should be separate, and no religion is promoted over any other, you usually end up with a handful of religions with privileges (e.g., tax exemption, access to civilian private records, etc.) that no other organisation can attain. When another religion gains popularity, they too claim these privileges (which is only just, as there is no state sanctioned religion). This creates a neat conundrum for the lawmaker; what is a religion? When is an organisation a church? Can you legally define what a religion is? Why is the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster obviously satire, and Catholicism a proper religion? What about Scientology? Is it about the number of adherents? Something tangible? A short-list of pre-approved religions? Pre-approved by whom? On what legal basis? If you follow this line of reasoning to the extreme, you must conclude that a satirical organised religion is just as much a real religion as any other. Which is fine, but it implies that have to provide the same (legacy) privileges to all, or accept not being a secular state (and rewrite your constitution as a consequence). Pastafarianism is all about proving this inherent silliness afforded to established religions. All the way! That is the point; religion is a personal matter in secular states. Treating them as anything more than normal organisations is not tenable in the long (long) term, because you cannot legally limit religion to just those you deem pious enough — well, you can, but then you are not a secular state, and in a lot of countries unconstitutional. If governments are eventually forced to abandon the special privileges afforded by law to religions because of satirical mock-religions, then I think the country as a whole benefits. The question pastafarianism poses though, is how can you differentiate between satire and 'the real thing'? What if pastafarians claim that, yes, it started out as a joke, but now we really believe in His Noodly Appendage? As a normal citizen it isn't hard to conclude that 'obviously', this is satire, but law must not be based on what we feel is satire or religion, it has to be objective. Not too strange though, several countries do this, although usually mixed with the Gregorian calendar. Japan uses both the Gregorian calendar and its own calendar where years are counted from the start of the reign of the reigning emperor. This year 2016 is Heisei 28; the year 1980 was Shōwa 55. This system is often used on formal documents and one's date of birth. Accessibility for non-technical users, and formatting. In MatterMost (a very nice self-hosted Slack alternative) the integrated MarkDown-support means that sharing code and more extensive reports can be done with a helpful amount of formatting. I much rather read the ten lines of code a colleague is asking me about with code highlighting than without, and a summary of a colleague's visit to a customer reads a lot more pleasant with headings than without. Also, emoji. Not something most of us on HN would miss, but a lot of the non-technical users seem to appreciate being able to nuance messages with them. Logan’s Run, Zardoz, Soylent Green, Fahrenheit 451 Lovely films. Something about the pacing or the cinematography of the films from that era appeals to me. Ah… Zardoz… Nothing beats Sean Connery running around in weird sci-fi shorts. Also, Beethoven. In terms of cross-platform development I understand wanting to use browser technologies, but these off-line web-applications always feel so flaky and unintegrated. The Atom editor for example still can't switch languages for the spell-checker at runtime, even though browsers themselves can. > I don't have any recommendations for Linux, unfortunately. Vim works just fine for MarkDown, Gedit is not too bad either. The whole point of MarkDown is being readable both as text in an editor and formatted by a renderer. Casual visitors not interested in actually joining a website (at that moment) can be of value if you don't actively antagonise them. Saying that you need an account to view the content when someone follows a hyperlink posted somewhere to a Pinterest board means that you will turn away a decent percentage of those visitors with a sour taste about your service and brand. Sure, there is the old adage that there is no such thing as bad attention (any attention, good or bad, builds your 'brand'), but I'm not convinced this works in this case. To illustrate; literally the first thing that popped in my mind when seeing this topic in the list was “Ah, that silly imageboard you can't view without signing up.” Open access is being increasingly thought of as inevitable and the only ethical option for publishing academic research. What I believe we will end up with eventually is a situation where nearly all new publications are open access, and a good deal of older twentieth century (and earlier) research is publicly available as well due to ongoing digitalisation and expired copyrights. In between, there will be a significant body of research kept locked away behind paywalls by publishers trying to hold on to those cash cows and the inertia copyright on a work has once granted. At the same time, 'piracy' on a massive scale (like Sci-Hub) will only get easier due to technological advances and increasing amounts of bandwidth available to consumers worldwide. Combine that with an utter lack of sympathy for (academic) paywalls and publishers, and a widespread believe that sharing these works is ethically just, and you have a situation that simply cannot be contained. I expect that in twenty years time you will be able to download almost the complete library of published academic works from the twentieth and twenty first centuries in the time it takes to make a pot of coffee — legally or illegally. So publishers will have to learn to deal with this new reality and reinvent themselves in an open access world, or perish. Assumption two seems dubious, because universities in the rest of the world pay for the same subscriptions, but don't pass these costs on to their students. It may be true for the US though. > […] recommendations for someone who is intelligent and thinks a lot, but has done almost no reading before (excluding school readings etc.) and wants catch up with the rest of humanity in terms of literature. You are undoubtedly aware of books that are relevant to and liked by people in the STEM field; your list already shows this quite clearly. So I would say that you do not need any recommendations for books that would appeal specifically to your peers. On the contrary; while your list is not too bad (but very US-centric; e.g., Carnegie), it is the type of list you would hand an undergraduate to prepare for his studies . That is a noble goal in itself, but has nothing to do with catching up with the rest of humanity in terms of literature . My advice: go look for literature in the broadest sense, but cut down on the self-help and non-fiction. Find out about the classics you've missed out on or couldn't appreciate in high school, and ask people in person about their recommendations. Have you considered asking a librarian at your local library? Also, in terms of inspiration and at the risk of devolving into a list of generic favourites, you could do worse than taking this list as a starting point: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/4chanlit/images/e/e2/136... Source: http://4chanlit.wikia.com/wiki/Recommended_Reading/sub . Ignore the fact that this list was compiled on 4chan, the books listed are all quite good. A valid concern for a password manager. This is why I like PasswordStore a lot better for managing passwords and other sensitive information. It is a Bash script that only depends on a very select list of binaries (gpg, git, and tree, if I recall correctly). It is also a script simple enough I can even audit it myself: https://www.passwordstore.org/ For syncing, either use git, or something like syncthing. It doesn't really matter, because all synced files are encrypted by GnuPG before any syncing tools gets access to it. Yep, this is my bête noire too. It gets even worse. I am working on software that confirms to guidelines set by the Dutch government for handling healthcare data. These Dutch national standards were actually (and justly!) made free instead of available at a fee because they became requirements instead of just guidelines. But these standards are (naturally) based on international standards. This is fine for the RFC's that are freely available, but for the three (!) relevant Dutch standards (NEN 7510, 7512, 7513) you would need access to another forty-ish (!!) ISO standards that may, or may not, be relevant to the section you are dealing with. Of course even a single PDF for these healthcare ISO standards costs up to €100, to be paid in Swiss Francs… This looks like a trend for certain types of services that focus on users active predominantly on a tablet and/or smartphone. I am assuming that these services usually turn a profit via monetisation of advertising 'eyeballs' or user data acquisition and sales, and that losing a small percentage of users who want to use their service with a browser are less profitable. WhatsApp seems similar in that regard. I am not particularly interested in these apps, but I am starting to see a disturbing pattern where parts of the internet are being segregated by operating system and the willingness to install and run software (apps) instead of accessing on-line services with a web browser or via open protocols (e.g., IMAP or XMPP). I wouldn't mind too much if the website styling didn't break zooming in the browser. The paragraph width is fixed as a percentage of the viewport, which means zooming in only makes the font bigger, keeping the same narrow column for its contents. On the whole the HTML and CSS on that blog are a mess though. Firefox's Reader View helps here by bypassing the author's styling completely. Huge international US-based companies tend to comply with EU laws just fine (or at least participate in the judicial process) if they are doing business there. Whatsapp can choose to assign resources to this issue, or it can ignore it and let it solve itself. If Whatsapp thinks that Brazil is an interesting market for whatever it is selling (what are they selling?) or if it is good for PR then they may choose to seek ways to intervene. Additionally, you can't even use WhatsApp without a mobile phone number, and effectively you need a smartphone with a supported mobile operating system of their choosing. That's pretty closed. 'Third world country' is an ambiguous term and a bit of a misnomer, because it originally meant 'a country aligned with neither West or East' (during the Cold War). Its use has become conflated with that of 'developing country', because the two meanings overlapped in practice. It is also considered derogatory due to its ambiguity and general connotation of colonial superiority. It helps to be aware of those connotations if you choose to use a term like that (which can be a conscious choice to express your position). Although I agree that comparing it with racial slurs like 'nigger' is not really appropriate, there is some similarity in that these are words that are slowly moving out of the modern vocabulary appropriate for civilised discourse. Just use 'developing country'. I suspect that most (neoliberalist) governments do not feel that it is their job if the market is handling it. Also, people seem to trust megacorporations like Facebook more than their own government for private communication, although I am profoundly troubled by this naive majority view on privacy — I'd rather have my communications end-to-end encrypted without some huge corporation or any government harvesting my (meta)data; it's just too easy to abuse. True, but emotion can be expressed in a civil manner, which in my opinion is more effective as well. A lot of people simply stop reading when confronted by rudeness or profanity and just downvote and move on, because experience has proven that such comments usuaully lack proper arguments. Use civil language to prevent being classified as noise. Complexity in CSS itself does not significantly increase the attack surface if the complexity is contained to rendering and layout. There are potential privacy issues in CSS (such as the loading of assets from external URLs, e.g., fonts with @font-face), and I expect there are extensions that block any attempt to perform HTTP requests from CSS to prevent browser fingerprinting. But JavaScript can do a lot more, even if you disallow it to make HTTP requests; it has access to all of the modern APIs included in the browser. CSS on the other hand is still mostly a declarative language that does not allow for much dynamic cleverness. Nice. A good reminder that you don't always need dozens of nested divs to get some effect in HTML. Not that anyone should start rendering flags as single-div tags in their production code (just use SVG!), but it helps to illustrate the possibilities of CSS, and the ::before and ::after pseudo elements. I find that we developers are so used to pandering to the lowest common denominator of supported browsers (a holdover from the IE6 days I suppose?), that we forget that there is a lot of really cool CSS we can use in all sensible modern browsers today. Wouldn't this be a reason to promote the use of (trusted) web browsers and web applications instead of native apps or third party API's for high security scenarios? While TLS verification is something that is not flawless, it is something that users are being constantly reminded of by their banks and governments (check the domain name, check the green lock next to it), and modern web browsers go to great lengths to improve the user experience for keeping an eye on the validity of a website. When I pay for something at a webshop via my bank account using a common standard created for that purpose (IDEAL in the Netherlands, other countries have similar systems) I get forwarded to my bank's authentication service to authorize that payment. I can clearly see that the TLS certificate belongs to my bank, and my browser is content that it is valid. https://teller.io seems fine though. Still sloppy. As a developer currently working with OpenID Connect (OIDC) and JSON Web Token (JWT), using curl is indeed not a problem at all: curl -i ... // Perform authentication to obtain JWT export JWT="eY..." // Place JWT in a shell variable curl -i -H "Authorization: Bearer $JWT" ... // Call your API That's all there is to it. A lot of banks do use proper hardware tokens (TOTP and similar) for all transactions though. I am under the impression that we are now in a phase where security needs to be stepped up, but in the mean time tokens send via SMS are considered 'good enough'. There are lots of initiatives for the next step, each providing proper two-factor authentication, but a lot of services are waiting it out because the hardware tokens or smartcards you need for each user cost money, and if you adopt one of the current solutions such as TOTP tokens, users would need such a device for each service they use (again, for banks this is already accepted; at least in the Netherlands). Ideally, a standard such as FIDO U2F gains ground, so users can safely and conveniently reuse a single hardware token for any service supporting that standard. Who knows, perhaps having your 'internet key' on you can become as commonly accepted as having your house keys on you. Also, relying on SMS means all these services have a single unique number to identify you with across services. I dislike the privacy implications this entails, and prefer to keep (some of) my on-line identities neatly quarantined the rest. FIDO U2F addresses this problem; even if you use the same hardware key for every service you use, they cannot be linked. > This is shit developer experience. Why bother with a Rube Goldberg sequence of piped commands when you can just curl? If you are a developer tasked with working with web security related techniques, I would expect being able to use Bash, Curl, and anything needed to string together a couple of HTTP requests on the command line before your first cup of coffee of the day to be the least requirement of their skill set. That is to be expected at this time though, and for a service like Github letting the user choose their level of authentication strength is fine — you are mostly responsible for what data you store there yourself. In the mean time it will help the adoption of this standard to at least have the option available. If a service is actually guarding private data by definition (like a bank or an insurance agency) than phasing out SMS in favour of FIDO U2F or another true hardware factor is a much more likely scenario. A decade ago that would be a valid argument, and processing Unicode text still isn't trivial, but nowadays Unicode support (UTF-8 in particular) is so well embedded in all operating systems and programming languages that this is not the problem. And on most operating systems the problem simply doesn't exist for most people because Unicode is the default. The problem here is Microsoft clinging to legacy character encodings that have no place on a modern operating system as default for anything. > Tell me, can you copy/paste the "𖥶" character with the mouse after double-clicking it in your browser? No problem (Linux/Firefox). The Unicode standard is not static (unlike those old codepages mentioned by OP); it is being changed and improved continuously. Support for characters outside of the BMP (such as the one you mention) is mostly there, but it may not be at the level of the basic scripts supported by, say, Unicode 5.0. That is fine. New features in standards take time to implement (the same thing happens with HTML and CSS). For developers Unicode support is there. Has been for years. From a technical because-we-can standpoint this is really cool, but I am having a hard time imagining actual use cases that warrant running a JVM in the browser. For modern web applications it is too slow (judging from your paper), so perhaps abandoned legacy applications? Have you encountered any practical use cases? > It's the leading country in phone taps That is worrying, but unfortunately not distinctive compared to other countries. > and has program that gives the police unlimited rights to harass individuals if the mayor of a city says so. That is from 2006. Is that still an issue? "You guys can probably handle this without me. Do you need for me anything else?" Or, if that is not acceptable due to workplace hierarchy, talk to your manager and explain the problem. If being present is a political necessity, chances are so is not secluding yourself behind a screen. Sorry, what was that? I just had to reply to this text message on my phone just now. Mayors are not elected officials in the Netherlands (let's hope it stays that way). The most useful piece of metadata available to anyone harvesting user profiles for surveillance or profit. Governments must love phone numbers. Getting an anonymous phone number for each separate service you register with is practically infeasible. I worry about how influential people like Moxie Marlinspike are seemingly turning the modern 'mobile-first' development paradigm into a 'mobile-only' mindset. I don't believe in secure and private computing when you are making it very hard for people to use your tools on (or via) anything but the two dominant mobile operating systems. > There's likely no technical reason why you couldn't use a pc instead of a phone […] Any personal computer built in the last five years can do anything a smartphone or tablet can in terms of processing power and connectivity. A smartphone is a computer with hardware that enables it to use cell phone networks and make calls. My inner cynic strongly suspects that Facebook and other similar corporations really like the control they have on the overall user experience on the two major mobile operating systems; i.e., eyeballs on a smartphone or tablet are worth more than those on a general purpose computing device . Too much freedom on a personal computer; with browsers that feature all kind of privacy enhancing add-ons such as ad-blockers and tracker-blockers. Much harder to monetize. Vastly preferable of course, but that is not in the best interest of Facebook, so why would they? The goodwill (marketing) generated by doing so has to outweigh the loss of control (and income). It appears it doesn't, or they would have done it. The only other reason to adapt open standards and an open protocol would be government pressure and legislation in the US or the EU. Not from the open web, but excluded from participating in parts of the web economy and content. I am under the impression that the big content owners have renewed faith in winning the battles on the two fronts that matter to them: enforcing end-to-end controlled digital channels, from service to the consumer's own computer (DRM), and preventing the alternative of piracy. They have learned that piracy cannot effectively be prevented by technical means, but that no longer matters if you can scare the vast majority of consumers with lawsuits and out of court settlements. This is now happening in a lot of economically strong countries. Chrome, for better or for worse, has the largest market share, by a fair margin. IE11+/Edge, Safari, and Firefox each have a good share, but none are dominant. IE10 and lower are down to 1-2% (!).¹ [1]: http://caniuse.com Please elaborate if you suspect ulterior motives. Strange. Yubico's dainnilsson is usually quite forthcoming with responses to questions, but his final response in that GitHub thread worries me (he seems harrowed). I am genuinely curious what reason there could be not to open-source the code. I am not expecting any trade secrets in there; any competitor's biggest challenge by far is getting the hardware right and getting an assembly line going. On the other hand, keeping the code closed does garner a lot of distrust. > This is because he says he donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to a wealth of different organisations and charities. Those included the Tor Project, the nonprofit that maintains the Tor software, and some entities with no immediate link to technology or drug policy, such as a children's home. (The Tor Project did not respond to multiple requests for comment.) No direct mention of the EFF, but I'll take your word for it. Of course even if Assad, Erdoğan, and Putin donate money to the WWF, that does not mean saving panda's is a bad thing. > To this day, if you begin a plain text email message with the word "From", you'll confuse mail programs […] RFC 5322: > […] The body is simply a sequence of > characters that follows the header section and is separated from the > header section by an empty line (i.e., a line with nothing preceding > the CRLF). What brain dead mail program interprets anything after the first empty line as a header? A lot of mail clients actually send both HTML and text (as they should), so if you configure your mail client to prefer text, almost all incoming mail will be presented to you as text. Now configure it to only send out plain text, and you are no longer part of the problem. :) For SSH, mostly just a bash command prompt if I know what I am transferring and whereto/-from, or rsync if archiving or syncing large quantities of files. Otherwise I just type the URL (ftp:// or ssh://) into Nautilus' address bar (Unity and Gnome Shell's default file browser); it usually just works. Sometimes I fall back to gFTP if the FTP server is finicky. > […] almost all housing in europe is owned like this. Did you mean social housing rather than housing in general? Because home ownership exceeds 50% in most European countries, just like the US. Social housing is often managed by cooperatives, but decades of neoliberalist thinking caused a lot of the larger of these cooperatives to invest in boondoggles and grandiose development projects completely unrelated to their core task rather than build more affordable housing. Coupled with the immoral self enrichment of upper management, mentioning European social housing cooperatives may not exactly support the point you are making. Then you will probably get charged with destruction of evidence, and punished accordingly. Either there is evidence that you willingly destroyed it, or there isn't and you are acquitted. That situation seems a lot less abstract and certainly less disconcerting than being jailed indefinitely for not remembering a passphrase (or claiming you can't). The definition of 'child porn' differs greatly as well, more than the definition of 'child' I'd wager. I suspect HN will be seeing more of this particular user/comment combination in the future… Betteridge's Law of Headlines: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge's_law_of_headlines Most people use whatever is dominant. People who have contacts on more than one 'app' simply install those apps and mope about it a bit (but accept it nontheless). In the Netherlands (and a lot of other countries), the dominant player is Whatsapp, although some countries have their own dominant player, such as Kakao Talk in South Korea. Of course there is call for unified messaging; it just isn't in the interest of the companies behind the currently dominant messing apps to facilitate it. To monetize their product, they need you to use their software, on (or through) an operating system approved by them, following their rules (e.g., Whatsapp's requirement of a relatively high-value personal identifier in the form a phone number). Using anything else to access their protocol causes a devaluation of their product — whatever their eventual business model will be after the make-sure-everyone-uses-us phase will be (advertising, user tracking/marketing profiles, freemium model), users will need to interact with them on their terms, with their software. Just altering your own browser's fingerprint for each domain won't poison their data (it just makes you anonymous to them). Any data is good data as far as these trackers are concerned. You can devalue their data by collectively sending the same fingerprints, but there is no way to actively poison their databases. What can be done by the browser vendors such as Mozilla, Google, and Microsoft? To prevent fingerprinting, your browser has to disable all sorts of useful modern JavaScript API's (e.g., WebRTC) by default, prevent spurious HTTP requests (e.g., to prevent abusing @font-face to find out which fonts are installed), and pretend you are an American using the most popular web browser of the moment (i.e., hide the user's preferred language and claim en-US as your preference, and change the user agent string to blend in to the crowd). This is all assuming people don't run any third party plugins like Flash. Are browser vendors on track to figure out a solution to this problem that combines user friendliness with privacy? Or will anonymous browsing remain a privilege for those with the right amount of technical know-how? The problem it seems is that simply disabling JavaScript is not an option for normal web browsing, and even a requirement for interacting with the web services used by organisations you have a relation with (e.g., the government, insurance companies, banks, etcetera). > […] but being able to read pixel data out of a canvas is completely reasonable. Not for every website. Most websites don't need canvas at all. One option would be to ask users to activate canvas support for a website that does need it, so users can judge for themselves if the request is legitimate. This is how the geo-location API works after all. I am not convinced that this will work very well though. Netflix uses an up-to-date list of known VPN-endpoints in addition to a database of IP-ranges by country. They don't need to detect anything client-side. This list is constantly in flux though, so sometimes accessing Netflix via VPN works, sometimes it doesn't. > browsers could standardize a list of system fonts available on each platform. It would probably make sense to completely disable support for local fonts unless permitted by the user (for legacy websites that depend on it). All modern browsers support @font-face, and without @font-face you can always depend on the special keywords serif , sans-serif , and monospace ; these will load the system's default font for that category. You don't have to. Fonts should be (and usually are) offered to the web browser with the instruction to cache them indefinitely. You will only have to re-download them when your cache is cleaned up (due to its size, private browsing, or manually cleaning it). Upcoming technology WOFF2 helps further compress them by a significant margin as well (I've seen up to 50% improvement in size over plain WOFF). The problem is that the behaviour you are describing is also one of the ways a fingerprinter gets its data on your fonts; by specifying an @font-face declaration that first tries for a local font, and only loads a remote font if that is not found. Do this for a short-list of popular but distinct fonts (such as Roboto), and you have a nice amount of bits of identifying data to add to the stack. Also, tricks like these exist (using rendering metrics to detect fonts): http://www.lalit.org/lab/javascript-css-font-detect/ Legislation and regulation are necessary, and they tend to help to keep the really big boys in check, but how can you actually tell if a company is actively engaged in compiling profiles on you or not? I can ask my browser to pass the Do-Not-Track header indicating my objection that practice, but why would a company specialised in tracking users respect that header? I have tried to convince the Dutch banks I use (ING and ABN AMRO, i.e., big banks) to stop employing tracking beacons and third party tracking services on their secured internet banking environments, but the responses I get range from 'yeah we need those to improve your customer experience' to 'you are welcome to block these trackers yourself' (I already do, thank you very much). Or just let the user decide at the start of a private session. Firefox already does this with tracking protection. If Mozilla decides to improve tracking protection at the cost of usability (such as hiding you preferred language), than offering that as a toggle-able option on that page might be sufficient to empower the user to decide for on his own. Or use @font-face and detect calls to a remote URL — which happens when the named local font is missing: @font-face { font-family: "Roboto"; src: local("Roboto"), url("https://example.com/user-does-not-have-roboto") format("woff2"); } It is! But a disabled setting has a much lower entropy in terms of identifying bits than the hash generated with an active canvas. Is this even a real product? Their website doesn't work in Firefox (scrolling down does not work), even though it includes shims for IE8 (of all things). > I want to fight-back against the centralisation of Internet services. My sentiments exactly. Right now email is something anyone can participate in as long as you are using software that follows the (open) standards. It is at its core an inclusive technology, despite the (disheartening) issues mentioned in this thread about the pitfalls and hazards of getting your own mail-server going. It would be a shame if we were to lose this. On the other side of the spectrum we have the dominant instant messaging platforms, where you can only participate if you run their proprietary software and identify yourself with your pre-approved identifier (your phone number in most cases). Or the centralized social media platforms that censor according to their interpretation of what is permissible. I understand that leaving all complexity and the burden of grokking something as abstract as networked software is something most people are glad to leave in the hands of Apple, or Microsoft, or Google; but it saddens me that those of us who do understand how this stuff works (at least in a broad sense) appear so willing to just accept the death of a free and open internet for a bit of convenience. Interesting. I am getting no nagging or blocking at all with uBlock Origin. No ads either. Google always seems to betting on several horses — for authentication, Google is also backing the FIDO U2F standard. This is basically a standard that allows you to authenticate with a physical security token, connected to your computing device via USB, NFS, or Bluetooth LTE, and reusable for as many U2F-enabled services as you like, without those services being able to correlate that device across services (so if you authenticate as user Alice at GMail, and later on authenticate as user Bob at Youtube, Google won't know you used the same U2F device due to the way keys are generated). No need to type in some generated value (as with OTP), just press the button on the key, or swipe it past your NFC/Bluetooth LTE-enabled device to authenticate. Logins can be optionally strengthened with a weak knowledge-factor such as a PIN. It already works in Chrome, it will be supported in Firefox and probable Edge at some point, and you can choose which manufacturer you want (e.g., Yubico). I really hope U2F gains traction, because biometrics really creep me out (in addition to the many arguments against its use mentioned in this thread). > I never write JS > ECMAScript 5. Why? That's a bold statement. Why EcmaScript 5 and not JavaScript 1.4 for that matter? Programming languages change and evolve. EcmaScript 6 introduces a lot of features, including some that greatly improve the readability, maintainability, and cleanliness of the code. Sure, right now you may need to hold back on some features if supporting legacy Internet Explorer versions is your goal and you don't use a preprocessor such as BabelJs, but at some point the only browsers that don't support ES6 will be browsers that are unsupported by their vendors and inherently unsafe; so why stick with ES5 in particular? Or are you simply waiting for the moment all current browsers support ES6? I get not wanting to use bleeding edge features supported only in the latest developer edition of Chrome or Firefox, but at some point ES6 is supported in 100% of the browsers people can safely use, and a few years after that ES7, and so on. Amen I guess? I expect that for a lot of apps-that-really-should-be-websites their owners will realize that having to (pay to) maintain both their Android and IOS apps, and the 'normal' website is a costly affair, and that maintaining one responsive website is a lot more efficient. That honestly surprises me. Where are you from? In the Netherlands all major news sources reported on this the past few years. Thank you, that might explain it somewhat. Although you are still blessed with a free press — and your major newspapers do appear to have reported on this issue up to 2014 — mainstream media now seems dominated by other interests. The way PiS is trying to control the public discourse is worrying; at least from an outside perspective. Another alternative is EFF's PrivacyBadger: https://www.eff.org/privacybadger All this in addition to an ad-blocker (such as uBlock Origin) of course. So in order to protect my digital privacy, I should register myself at some alliance's website. It just doesn't make sense. Either this whole internet advertising thing turns out to be a bubble after all — in that case; let it pop, see if we can't figure out something better. If using ad-blockers and tracker-busters helps achieve that goal; good. Or we end up with an internet where all users settle somewhere on the privacy spectrum in an uneasy equilibrium. On the one extreme of this spectrum we have those who accept ads served them through exclusive IOS or Android apps and unprotected browsers, and on the other extreme those who refuse to play along and use ad-blockers and other privacy tools, and simply shun services that require you to opt-in to data harvesting (e.g., Facebook and websites that refuse to show content when they detect an ad-blocker). I think we may currently have the latter — I wonder how stable that situation is. I have no qualms about OpenID Connect itself — it is a sound standard, using JSON Web Tokens is a particularly nice feature — but I dislike encouraging users to identify themselves for every service they use with Facebook or Google accounts. Way too much information about your digital life centralised with a single commercial party. I'd much rather see the use of password managers become more common, or even better, stimulate user-friendly two-factor authentication standards such as FIDO U2F. I doubt the decision to close up their protocols was taking lightly. You can bet that user lock-in is part of their current strategy. Did any Google engineers ever reveal Google's true intentions for shutting down their XMPP offerings? > […] in a world where clients are all free and the identifier of choice is the phone number […] To me this translates to: “Please run our proprietary software to participate and use a high-value nearly unique identifier to identify yourself — we really like to know that john.doe@gmail.com is the same person as feetfetish33 so we can better quantify you for targeted advertising.” I am willing to entertain the notion that federation is not a solution, but seeing how you now either place yourself in this panopticon or you don't and 'miss out' on things makes me feel that we should at least attempt to figure out a way to put communication back in the hands of the people. For all its warts and issues, email is still effectively federated, and will stay like that for quite a while due to the needs of many (not all, I certainly grant you that) businesses and local, regional, and national governments to control their own email infrastructure (mainly due to legislation and control). Sounds like a good initiative, be sure to post on HN when you reach significant milestones. What I worry about with OpenID Connect on the open internet (as opposed to OpenID Connect used in a corporate setting, or to provide single sign-on solutions for specific partnered services) is how it almost always results in a service asking you to use Google or Facebook to authenticate, with huge coloured buttons, followed by a tiny de-emphasized grey link where you can sign up using email and a password. Is this something we can prevent? > I have yet to encounter a chat network that uses targeted advertising, so you're well off into the realm of conspiracy theories there. You won't see that because that is not what makes the phone number so useful. Its biggest benefit is being able to correlate all those separate data profiles via one unique key. This makes these profiles more valuable to advertisers. You won't see advertisements in most of these apps (it would drive users to the competition) but they don't have to; they just show them in the browser. They already know it is you thanks to the ubiquitous social media buttons and tracking going on. This is largely conjecture, sure, but the fact that using your phone number is a requirement rather than an option makes me suspicious. Sometimes I don't mind if two services know that I am the same person, but I would like to be able to choose for myself. Sometimes I do like to use a throw-away email address and a VPN to use some service, simply because I care about my privacy. Often I don't feel that a service needs to know who I am beyond an alias. Why not ask them to clarify? Mattermost is explicitly a self-hosted solution. Their license does not appear strange to me; you can either use their builds, or build from source and adhere to the AGPL. Newspapers actually do have a shot at figuring this out. Some let you read a few articles for free, and ask for a small payment for more, some experiment with publishing platforms for per-article content via micro-payments (e.g., https://blendle.com ), others simply make a selection of articles and news available for free to act as an advertisement for their paid subscriptions. Facebook users are apparently broadcasting the fact that they are typing to their conversation partners, why should you ignore that information? If you don't like that, disable that feature, or complain to Facebook if it is not something you can disable yourself (or don't use Facebook). It can't hurt to raise some awareness of what you are invisibly broadcasting in terms of data on-line. (I always liked how this feature could be disabled in Gaim and Pidgin.) > µBlock Just 'uBlock Origin'. You are probably mixing up the names of µTorrent and uBlock Origin . I do get the block message with uBlock Origin. I don't have uMatrix installed though, perhaps that is blocking it? Key here is "not always". If two users trust the intermediate chain of servers that have access to their messages, then transport layer security is indeed sufficient; that already safeguards against unauthorised links in the chain (the man in the middle). On the other hand, if absolute confidentiality is a concern, end-to-end encryption is required. XMPP does not rule out either approach. End-to-end encryption matters of course, but it is a lot more relevant when one single mega-corporation is in control of every server messages pass through (e.g., WhatsApp). But if, say, you and I decide to run our own XMPP-servers and communicate thus, it may be sufficient to ascertain that a secure channel exists between our servers and between our clients and their servers. It varies a lot by trade and profession. Any place where complex scheduling is part of the job tends to use them (e.g., schools, manufacturing plants, accounting). I'd love to know as well, in particular your stance with regard to the UI concept itself — which is a very interesting take on a common problem. Is it your intention to proselytise this particular UI concept (i.e., “Everyone should use this type of calender view! It makes calendering better for everyone. Get inspired and go implement it in your own software!”) or to test the waters for a commercial product? From what I have observed (in the Netherlands) a pair of headphones is pretty much standard issue for smombies and commuters. I don't see any signs of that lessening. Where are you from? Getting the same thing in Firefox. Works in Chromium though. Is this site still in beta? It's strange too, because if you are building a production-ready (i.e., not a proof-of-concept demo using bleeding edge technologies supported in only one browser) website or webapplication, the bare minimum level of browser support that grants you a very modern set of features you can depend on is to only support up-to-date evergreen browsers. That means Chrome/Chromium, Edge, and Firefox. I can get dropping Edge if you are an individual developer and simply don't have any Windows machines around (testing websites from a VM really sucks), but going Chrome-only pushes us back to the monopoly position that harmed our field so much in the first place. Actively moving towards a webkit-monoculture ultimately harms our profession. Going out for food and drinks with co-workers is indeed a way to relieve stress and socialize; and it is indeed a place where the hierarchy is (seemingly and within certain bounds) relaxed a little. The shadow side in South Korea (and Japan) is that these outings are to some extent implicitly mandatory. It is a part of their traditional business culture, and during the work week you hardly spend any hours at leisure at home. This pattern is often criticized for its detrimental effect on family life and raising children; or even starting a relationship (in Japan in particular). Might not all be so bad if your wife is a bad cook though. Korean BBQ is delicious. Excel is quite often useless with CSV, even if its contents are pure ASCII. Whether or not Excel will open a standard CSV file delimited with comma's (as per RFC 4180) properly also depends on the locale of the computer running Excel. So if you run Excel on Windows with a Dutch locale, it will by default fail to open the CSV normally and jam all its contents in one cell, because it expects a semi-colon as delimiter instead of a comma. To open standard CSV you have to import the file instead. Someone at some point decided that the Dutch use semi-colons instead of commas to delimit tabulated data, and decided to apply this logic to CSV files as well. I would like to know the history behind such a decision! Switch your locale to English US, and it opens normally. LibreOffice just opens the CSV and asks the user to confirm the delimiter and what not regardless of locale. Weird. On Firefox, with ad-blocker and PrivacyBadger disabled, I am stuck on a page with only navigation menus and a title that reads 'Explicit cookie consent'. In Chrome I get the expected I-agree-to-your-cookies consent form. Anyone else getting this? > when importing. Exactly. Unfortunately, double-clicking the file does not trigger that dialogue. You would be surprised how many IT-staffers simply give up at that point („Can I get the raw data?”, „Sure, here is the automatically generated CSV dump.”, „I can't open it…”). RFC 4180¹ has been in existence since 2005 and seems perfectly straight forward. The basic syntax is two pages of very understandable text. I hold that to be the definition of valid CSV. CSV libraries tend to adhere to it (and often support additional options encountered in the wild as well); e.g., Apache Commons CSV². 1: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4180 2: https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-csv/ Probably, but what will it achieve realistically? This (both what OP reports and this locale-dependent behaviour) is likely a WONTFIX type of bug, as there are workarounds (don't double-click to open normal CSV if you are in a locale where different delimiters are used, use import; don't start your CSV files with "ID"; etc.). Altstadt (historic city centre) associated with the period of Romanticism with historic buildings and an old stone bridge with mediaeval bridge head, a castle with a wine cask several metres in diameter, a Nazi-era outdoor amphitheatre, a lively student body, and all contained in a compact town near the Rhine in an area surrounded by wooded hills and quaint wine villages (e.g., Weinheim). So its popularity is not really surprising. As far as cliché tourist destinations go you could do a lot worse. Certainly beats Frankfurt or Mannheim. Also, there is a funicular. Tourists love funiculars. Interesting read. > So better than many options, but not great. And sadly the usage is connected to my land line, thus allowing those controlling the server to associate it to my home and person. I wonder how often you need to enter that verification code provided by the robot-voice via the phone number used as identifier. Might one be able to bootstrap Signal with a public telephone? Of course that would tie your Signal identity to that specific phone number, but it's a step up from associating it with a phone number registered to your real-world identity. Still pretty useless if you care about keeping your (on-line) identities separate. It seems like most major services on the internet today desperately want that neatly unique key that is my phone number in their databases. The amount of nag-screens asking for it is absurd (Twitter, Steam, anything Google, etc.). Astute observation. There have been more documentaries and stories about this topic, and plenty of those seem plausible, but these often focus on webcamming and catering to specific fetishes and interests. Those stories also seem much more down to earth and less dreamlike. Perhaps it was the 'jumbo-sized Danny DeVito's' that kinda broke the suspense of disbelief. > So, they'll let you know if they apply retroactive changes to the policy? Pretty standard for a lot of apps and web services. The alternative is not to use them, or to be very conscious about what data you supply them with. Most people just click accept (as with any EULA). That is not what the author of A Single Div is doing! In CSS you cannot add arbitrary vector drawings to a single div without linking to an image resource as background (SVG in that case). What the author is doing is using the single div and its two pseudo elements before and after (so effectively the author has three elements to work with) and style the borders, border-radius, background, shadow, text-content, etc. The use of linear-gradient declarations on the background in particular is a big part of a lot of these drawings, because you can add an arbitrary number of them on any element. Look at the Tardis sample in your element inspector and toggle the background of the div; you will see that most of the door panelling and windows disappear. These are drawn with linear gradients where the colours don't blend into each other, but stop abruptly. By layering these 'gradients', you can create patterns, such as cross hatching or a grid of lines. Some of these are actually really clever. You might want to use something other than a code block for quotes. That second paragraph is a bit hard to read crammed all on one line. I don't think that there are programs that generate CSS within this particular constraint of one div. This is more akin to code golf , where you attempt to push the boundaries of what is possible within a strict set of limits. More information is available here: https://github.com/lynnandtonic/a-single-div I really like how some of these make you think about how she did it. The Mickey is so clever with the box-shadow and the border-radius on the ::after. Edited. I usually omit he or she if I don't know the gender of the person referred to. I used he in that byline (I used the author in the main phrases) as the generic pronoun (i.e., any author of such a single-div experiment ), but that may not have been clear from the context. Here is another collection of such single-div experiments: https://github.com/ManrajGrover/SingleDivProject (I have contributed a handful myself) Absolutely. I can do without the monster-merge-from-hell (been there, done that). When rebasing is part of the established workflow, developers can rebase their feature-branches to be up-to-date with master when the time comes to offer it as a merge request (and solve any conflicts there with local knowledge of the branch). When developers are comfortable with rebasing, it is also easier to stimulate cleaning up the branch before offering it for inclusion by using interactive rebase to squash commits and edit commit messages. This member-only article was unlocked for you by Sarah Lacy. Unlock expires 1 day, 9 hours from now. For unlimited access to all of Pando, become a Pando member for just $10 a month. So by tomorrow this article is paywalled for HN visitors? Is there a workaround? Not that people ever listen. Backups are perhaps a lot like basic insurance in that way. In a lot of countries basic health and liability insurance policies are mandatory because a sizeable chunk of the population would refuse to have these without that requirement, even though it benefits the vast majority of people. Silly if you consider how from a technical and practical standpoint nothing prevents you from carrying a backup of every important document you've ever owned and a good deal of photos and such with you in your wallet on an encrypted mini-SD-card. Wallet gets stolen? Make a new backup. House burns down? You have your backup. Drop off a card at friends or family, keep one at your employer, hell, stick them on the Christmas cards you send out each year to your nearest and dearest; with proper encryption you are the only one able to use them anyway. It also doesn't help that people blindly trust the big tech companies to do this for them. Does three copies include the original? This strikes me as an interesting case of failing communication in museums and art galleries. How is a visitor supposed to tell if something is supposed to be interacted with or not? This is not much of a problem in any museum with antique art — the common mantra being „touch nothing; at all” — but with contemporary art the lines often get blurred. Some pieces do explicitly invite viewers to interact in some way, but how is a visitor supposed to tell which installation is interactive and which is merely using inviting descriptions? I'm not sure that the insurance companies would agree with that sentiment. :) Certainly, in such museums focussed on interactivity and a child-friendly experience, this is the (commendable) modus operandi, and it works exceptionally well. Contemporary artists and curators at modern art museums, however, seem to have been pushing for less physical demarcation around their exhibits. Ground covering installations are sometimes placed right in the path of visitors (who are often caught up in their imagination admiring some other piece of art), with no barrier or warning in place. With art installations that actually are intended to be interactive, I never feel comfortable interacting with them because of this air of ambiguity. Doesn't help that this may have very well been the artist's intent in the first place… The Netherlands has this as well since this year. Putting a price on plastic bags actually seems to change people's behaviour — for the good. The law doesn't even stipulate a minimum price; as long as plastic bags aren't free, people will bother to bring their own. Looking at the passports that provide visa-free access to 158, 157, and 156 countries, I wonder why Viet Nam and Rwanda grant visas on arrival to specifically some European countries, but not others. So for Viet Nam; Denmark, Germany, Sweden and Spain are okay, but not Austria, Belgium and The Netherlands. Interesting visualisation; the map is missing South Sudan though. Interesting. I do get the bottom stroke of 土 with the Freetype version shipped with Ubunutu 16.04. Most of both 田 is a blur though. Testing this reminded me that I always read HN two zoom-levels higher than the smallish default. The common argument is that with spaces the indent is the same in not only every editor, but also every tool used, such as cvs, diff, patch, build tools, web viewers (e.g., for your cvs tool, issue tracker, and/or code review), shell tools (e.g., less and cat), et etcetera. With tabs you need to configure each and every tool you use to use the right indent (2? 4? 8?), with spaces, every tool just works, and copy/pasting a section of code to or from an issue or an e-mail or a chat tool just works. It is a matter of code typography. When more than one developer is working on a code base, it helps if every one sees the same outline, because with varying amounts of indenting one persons preference aligns all parameters in a long important method call, whilst any other indenting breaks (part of) that format — code may look fine for one person, but jumbled for another with a different indent preference. With editor support better than ever, using spaces isn't something you think about when coding; you just hit tab to indent and it inserts the number of spaces configured. I like Python's PEP 8 in that respect. The language itself (and the syntax checking tools such as pyflakes) simply states the sensible default you aught to be using. China appears to be testing if they can push this far. It's not just a matter of military power; China's economy depends on their exports to Europe and Northern America (so sanctions can really hit hard), and shipping through the South China Sea is a big deal to Europe, Northern America, South Korea, and Japan. China is actively trying to influence the situation with soft power as well. The Chinese ambassador in The Netherlands paid for a full page advert in a national newspaper to publish a letter condemning the 'illegitimate' court that ruled on this dispute with The Philippines. The fact that he couldn't get his letter published normally (and for free) in the op/ed sections of any Dutch newspaper is telling though. I suspect they are going for an absurd claim in order to 'graciously' come to a compromise of about half of that (certainly including the Paracel Islands) after a while, but the situation is certainly unique. They are more than likely strengthened in their confidence by the lack of consequences of the Crimean annexation by Russia (although the economic sanctions hurt Russia quite bad). Working on reintroducing the death penalty is another. Its saddening to see how the large secular part of the population that has no desire to live in an Islamic state has little recourse but to keep quiet and hope nobody points a finger in their direction. At the risk of being considered overly pedantic; is offering a better product in the marketplace to the detriment of your competitor called 'disruption' now? Isn't that exactly how the free market is supposed to work? > The encryption was just a way to prevent non-members from obtaining the benefits of membership. I suppose it also prevents automated detection by bots crawling newsgroups. Not unlike a Hello Kitty rosary (do these exist?), it is a votive item used in a personal household. It will raise a few eyebrows, but won't be decried as sacrilegious. Not much, but that may be because of an intense dislike of the word; in common usage though I would define disruptive when used in the context of an event taking place in the marketplace as applicable only to situations that cause not just stiff competition to the extent of dislodging an incumbent party, but also a clash with existing laws, regulations, and societal conventions on a significant scale. This happens more than you think, although not usually at this scale and this high up in the chain. When a care institution needs to communicate with one of their vendors handling health records about a problem with a specific person's record, most IT-workers at those institutions tend to just mail all details they feel are relevant to the issue without even considering encryption or the necessity of sending all that data over the wire. The use of physical post here was probably a good thing all things considered! They could just as easy have used WeTransfer or some other cloud solution — when it comes to security best practices people are very good at downplaying the potential risk, even when legislation does acknowledge it and forbids such treatment of sensitive personal information. I work for a SaaS vendor of health care record software. From what I have seen care institutions (as opposed to hospitals) do not have the experience or staff in-house to facilitate proper security procedures. The problem as I see it lies not in the routine operations that have a high degree of visibility in the organisation and tend to have strict policies surrounding them because they are anticipated, but in the exceptions, such as key users or the IT support responsible for the service they use reporting issues to the vendor. The overall technical outline of the issue and what he did to figure it out are clear — and certainly interesting — but I am having a hard time reading the blog post. This writing style is exhausting to me. Instead of reading normally I find myself skipping more and more text to get to the bits that aren't silly jokes and internet slang. A shame, because it hides the technical insights he has. At least he's not inserting meme-pictures every other paragraph, which seems to be thing now even in otherwise well-written material. Depends on the choices you make architecturally. If your game uses libraries available cross-platform (i.e., Windows, Mac OS X, GNU/Linux (and thus SteamOS), but optionally also Android and IOS for games suitable for mobile) and your software build doesn't make any hard OS-choices, making your game available on each platform capable of supporting your game is almost always profitable, because the overhead is mostly taken care of by the libraries used, and what remains (some development, quality assurance, support) is easily covered by the added sales. If on the other hand you use libraries or in-house code that is not that portable, the profitability of making your game available on other OS'es is a matter of a couple of factors. Is the game good enough to garner enough sales to cover porting? Is the market saturated or is the game rather unique on the target platform? Does the game have lasting appeal so it can sell for years? How much will porting cost? These questions are not unique to Linux, this holds true for Mac OS X as well. There are benefits to having your game on Linux too; because there are less games available on the whole (although I am not complaining as an avid gamer on Linux) the market is less saturated than on Windows. So depending on the genre you are publishing in and the quality of the game, you may very well sell more copies per capita than on Windows. > Life is Strange: a Groundhog Day Simulator I'd actually buy an actual Groundhog Day game. Like a sequel to the film set in the early nineties, wandering around rural Punxsutawney, waking up with Cher on the radio each day until you fulfil the main objective after completing all the daily side-quests. The Humble Indie Bundle usually has all games available on all three major desktop OS'es as a matter of rule. In addition to this, they are now offering a lot of other bundles as well, such as ebook bundles or bundles with games from a single developer. The latter often include Windows-only games. Not sure. Perhaps misinterpretation of what you mean by Idle game (usually people mean that genre of silly Flash games where you don't do anything, just watch) or (less likely) grammar sticklers who see inappropriate use of the horizontal ellipse (i.e., …) as laziness? These escort site ad reviews are mentioned in the article as being the exception in terms of erotic content. Regardless of sexual explicitness though, all the men appear to be of legal age. How are you concluding 'child pornography and solicitation thereof'? There appears to be a stray object replacement character (U+FFFC) in the title (right after the 'n' in Amazon). Perhaps someone can edit it out? Also, don't like linking all sorts of on-line accounts to a single uniquely identifiable number? Tough luck! It is disheartening that in an area of mass-surveillance by governments and advertisement networks alike, the notion of separate identities for separate purposes is seen as obsolete and suspicious. At least with hard-token 2FA technologies such as FIDO U2F, services you access with that key cannot correlate it with other services accessed with it (by design). > One thing the Dutch do is give doses of vitamins particularly D to all children for the first few years. We do? I'm 200cm (nearly 6'7") and was not given vitamin supplements as a matter of course. More specifically, the damage these cause in a country that has no natural earthquakes to speak of (so houses aren't build for that kind of damage), and the political denial about this issue (because natural resources equal convenient state income). > A.) 188 cm > B.) 1.88 m Those are exactly the same for anyone even remotely familiar with standard units. Whether feet or centimetres are easier to grasp is a matter of what you are used to — its purely cultural. Except for airline seats. Because tall people now form an opportunity to extract a premium. You can get an economy seat and suffer, or get an economy seat 'plus' that is the same exact seat located at the emergency exit (meaning leg room and freezing cold from the door). You used to be able to just book early and select those seats, but the airlines figured out that people who are tall, want to significantly lower the risk of thrombosis in the legs, and travel with at least some measure of comfort, really want those seats. So now you pay extra with a lot of airlines (looking at you KLM). Being able to traverse busy areas quickly is a benefit though. Your identity may be intangible, but you can certainly be deprived of its proper use by someone successfully impersonating you. So unlike digital piracy (for want of a better term) something is taken from you in a manner that precludes your own use of it . More to the point though, labelling the act of downloading the latest film as theft is not conductive to a discussion about the moral justification of piracy, because you are using loaded language to condemn it even before presenting an argument. That is, there appears to be no strong consensus that piracy falls under what is commonly referred to as theft. (I am under the impression that the term digital piracy did stick regardless of one's position in that debate.) That is the common rebuttal, but if someone illegally downloads a film he or she never intended to purchase or rent anyway, then that argument does not hold. Even if the choice is between buying something legally and downloading it for free illegally, that word does not apply. Loss of income does not equal theft . Whether you have then been wronged or not is another discussion with valid arguments on both sides. Then why are you labelling it with the negative moral qualifier wrong ? It may be illegal or considered reprehensible by the society you live in (i.e, someone else may call it wrong ), but why would you do it if you consider it wrong? I am neither condemning nor condoning illegal downloading when you had no intention of paying for it — merely stating that it is not theft; the differences are just too great due to the nature of digital content (i.e., being able to effortlessly copy an item without incurring more than trivial costs). Why not call it copyright infringement if you want a more neutral term? If safety is your primary concern though, stick with just the command line client, which is a Bash script most HN-readers will be able to follow to the letter. It in turn uses GnuPG. The lack of integration then with the rest of the OS is actually a security benefit. Title needs an edit: User → Uber . It actually is illegal in some parts of the world; the EU at least. These kind of hidden fees (for travel, hotels, etc.) are illegal now exactly because you should be able to compare prices, and offenders are getting reprimanded and fined for it. I can't think of any reason why anyone with a decent grasp of technology or even logic and rational decision making in general would consider the use of secret, proprietary algorithms permissable in the due course of justice. So why is this deemed acceptable here? Is it a lack of understanding how a decision making tool differs from, say, the brand of microphones used in the court room? Mind, I don't see how anyone can condone privatized penitentiary institutions either. Perverse incentives and all. The kind of people that come up with this stuff usually are in fact really good at visualising an abstract problem and implementing it in code. What they often lack is the capacity to translate what it is their frameworks do to language others can understand. From what I have witnessed myself, these guys are actually quite intelligent in an abstract almost mathematical way — that is, they are not dumb and can come across as geniuses — but their mediocre communication skills prevent colleagues from actually understanding their work, and more importantly, prevent themselves from ever realizing that what they are doing is way too experimental and (not rarely) wildly inappropriate for the task at hand. You will hear these visionaries extol the virtues of their revolutionary framework time and time again, and that it will be the foundation of anything the company builds for years to come, but any criticism or even critical questions are dismissed with an air of 'you-just-don't-get-it-yet'. In the end either you leave for greener pastures, or the idiot savant cracks under the pressure of changing business needs that cannot be met by the big framework that only he/she (usually he) really 'gets' and quits. Hmm… Kölsch! Surely one of the better things to come from Cologne. I always feel dirty executing shell scripts from the 'net (Node does this too, even if the script only adds the relevant repository for Debian/Ubuntu). To be honest though, if executing a script is really the easiest way to get something done, I prefer verifying the GPG signature (if any) instead. Are you on a first name basis with Erdoğan? My comment may have come across as snide, my apologies for that. But I stand by my point; if we want to discuss something we shouldn't stoop to derogatory use of names. In English it is permissible and customary to refer to officials by their last name (e.g., 'Obama', 'Hollande', 'Merkel'). Using their given names, unless done in an obvious tongue-in-cheek fashion, laces your opinion with weasel-speak. It detracts from a sensible exchange of ideas, views, and standpoints. If we all resort to using whatever we feel is most applicable for Erdoğan (or any other demagogue) I would be very surprised if half of the pseudonyms used did not hint at the alleged illegitimate consummation of those of the caprid persuasion — let's not venture there. I get aoloe 's reaction though. Whenever someone posts something cool about Gimp, invariably a bunch of “yeah it's free, but it's not Adobe Photoshop is it?” comments pop up. Why should we care? Why not judge it on its own merits? This reminds me of how a lot of people used to respond to the notion of using GNU/Linux distributions as free operating systems suitable for day-to-day desktop use. Sure, I get why not everyone might want to use it (nobody is asking you to), but why does every bit of positive news or cool achievement have to get accompanied by dozens of comments by authors directly comparing it to a commercially available alternative, stating that they'd use it if only it did this and if only it looked more like that? I love how we as a global community have such a wealth of software tools available; to use for free (legally!), with a philosophy that explicitly encourages sharing and enables anyone with the know-how to contribute. Some of these tools have been with us for decades, such as Gimp, and each release brings new features and improvements. Instead of celebrating its strengths, software like Gimp gets scrutinized by holding it to an arbitrary standard it can never meet (the full feature set of Adobe Photoshop), simply because the goal posts are forever moving. I do not intend to berate anyone genuinely asking about how to migrate to free tools like Blender, Gimp, and Inkscape — questions where the comparison of features is warranted — but a lot of comments appear to dismiss tools like Gimp out of hand simply because they aren't carbon copies of the most popular proprietary alternatives. With operating systems we've entered the next phase, where using a free software operating system isn't cause for raised eyebrows, and where people are actually asking the reverse question: why can't Microsoft Windows or Apple Mac OS X do this thing I can do easily on GNU/Linux? Hopefully we can reach that level of acceptance with other free software as well. In the submitted title: am I supposed to see something at Unicode codepoint U+F8FF (Private Use Area)? (Right now I see [block with F8FF]Watch.) Linux. Ah I see what happened. There is no such thing an Apple logo Unicode character. Whatever sits in the Private Use Area is only defined within the context of a specific font. You are using a font that has Apple's logo in it on that position. You may want to avoid using it in normal text. This page explains it neatly: http://hea-www.harvard.edu/~fine/OSX/unicode_apple_logo.html Welcome to mobile first web development. This tool seems to help you learn about Arial and Helvetica and how they differ despite their similarities. Personally, neither is a very suitable font these days unless you want to explicitly invoke either a Microsoft or an Apple 'feel', respectively. These fonts are tainted with those connotations by decades of association. It's a classic trap that appears to get software developers caught (even now in 2016!) at that point where you are still lacking that firm grasp of the standard libraries available to you. I own the Meizu Pro 5 Ubuntu smartphone. And I like it. This is actually my first smartphone, so my perspective may be somewhat different from that of the reviews of it out there. I am a software engineer, and I greatly value the freedom to do whatever I want with computing devices I own, and to be able to tweak things and contribute any enhancements back to the community. If something irks me and I can fix it, I will submit a patch (i.e., as a drive-by contributor), otherwise I will file a bug report and help reproduce the issue. Nothing major, no huge time-sink; just being able to help shape the software that surrounds us, and having a feeling of contributing to something bigger than a single corporation. So naturally I use a flavour of GNU/Linux on my computer. I already use Ubuntu on my desktop and laptop computers (both professionally and private), so the Ubuntu smartphone seems like a good shot at getting something that can potentially near the freedom I have on desktop Linux, and thus far I am not disappointed. A smartphone for me is a way to get information on-the-go. For things like public transport itineraries, weather forecasts, and navigation Ubuntu Touch already suffices. The big 'issue' of course is apps. Ubuntu Touch has its own store with a growing number of free software apps, and some proprietary stuff. Most of the basic apps I expect are there, mostly pre-installed. Big name apps are missing though — there is no WhatsApp for instance. Now for my opinion on this topic, which may very well be an unpopular minority view: To me, this lack of big name proprietary apps is just fine and exactly what I want. The term 'app' is ambiguous at best and I feel that it is a threat to software freedom. To illustrate: A simple stand-alone off-line calculator is called an 'app', but so i a web-service accessible exclusively with proprietary software like WhatsApp. That is, an 'app' in common parlance is not just the piece of software you install on your device, it is also the infrastructure backing it. In the case of the extremely popular WhatsApp, you need their software to be able to access their service. It appears to be illegal to create a free software client that can talk to their service, unlike, say, email (SMTP, IMAP, etc.). That's fine, its their service, their rules, I prefer to make due without. I don't want a computing device filled with a bunch of proprietary clients for day-to-day tasks. If you offer a great service, offer a great web-app to use it with (I already have a capable browser installed), or (re)use or create an open protocol anyone can use. Otherwise, I'll just do without. If your business model depends on me installing a piece of proprietary software, I am not interested. Other than that, there is still plenty of rough edges. It is not trivial (though possible) to install the normal software packages from Ubuntu's repositories, but on the other hand, I have not had the need yet. I do sorely miss Firefox with uBlock Origin though! Ads on websites seem even more intrusive than on the desktop. If I had to summarize the threats to Ubuntu Touch's future I would say that it sometimes feels as if there are not enough core developers working on the product, but that may be just the impression I got from the issues I have reported. Canonical seems to bet on being able to get Ubuntu Touch entrenched in developing countries, but I doubt that that strategy will pay off (although I am not knowledgeable enough on that topic to make a firm statement about this). If they can manage to make Ubuntu Touch synonymous with the easy to use and obtain free operating system for smartphones (the way Ubuntu is for desktop computers) they may have a good chance at winning the hearts of software developers with a preference for free software — that is the niche I would bet on. The lack of apps in the way of Android and IOS is of course problematic in the current app-economy driven smartphone world, and will prevent major adoption of Ubuntu Touch for some time to come, but it may be that I am not alone in my dismissal of this reliance on proprietary apps. I wonder if Tarantino's films aren't just the (welcome) exception to a trend of less dialogue though. Some quantitative analysis to back that up would be interesting; you are right that this article does seem anecdotal in evidence. > (e.g. anything with Schwarzenegger in it). I can vividly imagine Hollywood directors ordering their script writers to aggressively trim any dialogue spoken by a Schwarzenegger or a Stallone to one-liners and grunts after actually viewing the first couple of test shots. Meta: Perhaps a hint could be added on HN's submission page about adding the year of publication in parentheses for older articles? That seems to be the custom. Why would Dropbox bother doing more than give a month's notice for an OS that is already unsupported by its vendor? I'm surprised they are giving that much notice in advance. If you still use XP, you either have to for some legacy piece of software controlling some piece of expensive hardware, where it lives in some sandboxed environment (i.e., no public internet), or you are a government paying Microsoft through the nose for extended support contracts. If you really need Dropbox in that latter case, you can either afford to pay Dropbox an outrageous amount of money for that extended support (I am sure they are more then willing to if the price is right), or you just have to deal with it. Anyone running XP should by now be aware that things will break down at awkward times and with little warning. The Unicode standard does specify explicitly that U+1F52B stands for pistol (handgun, revolver) , so while you are free to replace it with whatever you want, replacing it with a water pistol means you are purposely creating ambiguity where non existed. For a vendor of operating systems that is not very responsible behaviour. > What next, remove the word "pistol" from their spellchecker? That, and any other ungood words. Helps prevent crimethink. I don't quite get why you jump from homogeneous to 'privileged white guys'. That seems to force racial and gender issues into a discussion where there are none. The community here seems to consist mostly of software engineers and people in related fields of work, and in that sense we might be a homogeneous bunch, but that makes sense for the topics discussed here. But there was: Microsoft ended support for XP with a more than amiable deprecation plan. Anyone running XP after the final deadline knew they were on borrowed time, and any Dropbox customers remaining on XP after that were on a grace period. How many people still use XP with Dropbox on an internet connected computer? And how many of those are paying customers? For Dropbox it makes no sense to go with more than what they are doing now. Why spend a lot of money in postponing the inevitable? It won't net them any returns, whilst dropping supported for a legacy OS does have tangible benefits (e.g., reduced build times, less (untestable) code, less support). If you really need to run software on an unsupported, unpatched OS, you are way out of the realm of of-the-shelf supported software. You need a custom agreement with the vendor to get that level of support, and you would have gotten ample warning on the impending loss of support with such a contract. It would be different if Dropbox axed support for Windows 8 with only a month of warning, even though they are fully within their rights to do so. > the belief that racial and gender issues are unimportant or nonexistent That is absolutely not what I wrote, nor what I belief. You are shoehorning me into a position, and I resent that. I do belief that racial and gender issues are not relevant when discussing the pros and cons of cryptocurrency or the benefits of two-factor authentication. That to me goes beyond a shared value, it ought to be common sense. HN communicates via text — no avatars, no non-sense. All that matters is whether or not you can formulate a post in English that adds to the topic. Aside from English proficiency, that is about as inclusive as you can get. There could be a dog behind the keyboard on the other side for all I care — as long as he/she is civil and provides some interesting insight into the topic at hand. Having an interest in software and its related topics is not the exclusive domain of the 'privileged white male', regardless of the demographic slant towards men in the software industry (of any colour really, depends a lot on the country posters hail from and the local demographic make up of the population). More of a tram, but yeah, not the bus-concept that was presented a while back. Limiting it to a controlled path makes sense for this design though. I am not really sure about the message this campaign is trying to send. Why is IF capitalized? Use fewer if-statements? Fine, but show some concrete examples of bad code and common pitfalls, and the suggestions that demonstrate how to get cleaner code. As it is their website feels a bit lacking in information. This is probably the worst part of their monster example: List aree = ar.getAree(); Area area = null; for (int i = 0; i It's not the few if-statements (come on, we've all seen worse) that scare me, rather the horrible variable names! (Also, if this is indeed Java, the lack of type parameter on that List). When in doubt about the consequences, don't do it, or postpone further probing until you have ascertained the risk, the consequences, and the necessary countermeasures (by employing operational security, or opsec ). To ascertain risk, start by figuring out if what you intend to do is legal. Calling it serverless when there is in fact a server feels weazily though. That taints your product. More cynically put; what matters is if you are perceived as a facilitator of copyright infringement and a threat to the business models of corporations willing to spend a lot of money on shutting you down. Regardless of whether what Torrentz was doing legal or not; what you do doesn't even have to be actually illegal to be shut down if your opponent has bigger pockets. Why would that benefit Alphabet/Google? They have been working hard at their image of a service provider friendly to the needs of copyright owners (think of how Youtube handles DMCA requests and performs geoblocking based on IP licensing). Copyright infringement , not theft, not stealing; not simply sharing either. By labelling it 'theft' you are applying a rhetorical device created explicitly to discredit the act of copyright infringement on moral grounds before even considering any of the justifications held by the infringer. This isn't a black and white scenario like stealing a car is (and even then there are nuances); the mere fact that millions of people engage in copyright infringement every day without any scruples whatsoever, is an indication that there is a disconnect between the law and reality, and between supply and demand. Your standpoint can be better presented without the weasel words; it prevents being downvoted as a troll too. > I'm paying exactly the same amount of money as the next US-citizen for the content, yet I am treated differently. Netflix' official standpoint is that you are paying for access on n screens at a time at x resolution (e.g., FullHD), not for the content. This is of course complete nonsense — of course we are paying for content — and I have no qualms whatsoever in downloading something available on Netflix US via some torrent if it is not available in my local Netflix catalogue. You would think music, film, and games would be comparable, but I find that these fall into distinct categories for me. I am totally okay with paying a monthly flat fee for films and series (mostly watch once and be done with it). I am also okay with paying once for a game and not keeping the downloaded files around after I finish it. Rather, I let Steam or the HumbleStore handle that, and if these go belly-up one day, I don't feel like I've lost much; the value I get in hours of entertainment is in balance with what I spend there, and I am okay with the limited risk of losing access to some games. For music on the other hand, I absolutely want the files on my hard disk. Music is replayed over and over, and losing access to what is essentially the soundtrack of your life is something I would like to avoid. I'd love a service that allows me to download, say, up to 8 hours of music (any genre, in an open lossless format) a month from a universal catalogue for a reasonable flat fee (like Netflix), but this simply doesn't exist. It is either streaming or paying way more than I find reasonable. Interestingly, for games the existence of reliable, affordable legal channels for digital delivery means that I have not felt the urge to illegally download any game at all for over a decade, and the same seems to hold true for many colleagues and friends. People are totally fine with downloading films, series, and music for a variety or reasons, but why bother with games? The money you pay, say, Steam or the HumbleStore seems to flow back to the developers in a fairly fair fashion, there are good deals to be had, and it is all very convenient — for games it just seems like a solved problem. Citizens benefit from any taxes paid in other ways though, so directly equating VAT with a higher net price is not completely fair. > mouses Mice. :) Fair point. The archival question is complex because of the inherent difficulty in keeping old software running on modern operating systems. At some point it doesn't pay to keep supporting newer operating systems even if you still have sales; only for the really popular titles. Perhaps containers would work? The fact that there is an explanation for this geoblocking doesn't mean that we aren't being treated differently. Fortunately, Netflix is putting a lot of effort in their own content to prevent exactly this quagmire of regional licensing. They are well aware that it is one of the biggest complaints their customers have. Oddly enough, the new Star Trek series will actually be on Netflix worldwide except for North America — usually it is only the other way around except for the local-language content. I am worried though about Netflix (and any competitors) assembling catalogues for each separate country based on what people in that country like on average . I didn't sign up for Netflix to get Dutch soap opera's and reality shows, and I do not like being limited to a catalogue focussed specifically on what the average Dutchman wants. There is whole world out there; so what if I want to watch Austrian cooking television or Japanese game shows? Just fix the damn licensing mess already! Here in the Netherlands there is an ongoing trend in the care for the elderly with dementia to move away from the classical ward behind a locked door with keypad. This special village is one approach that works well with people who cannot function safely outside. Another approach that is getting more popular is to let those who can, roam around outside the facility freely with a bit of guidance and the help of local citizens (shopkeepers who keep an eye out) and technology (GPS trackers in their clothes or shoes). Both approaches have huge benefits: it provides the sufferers from dementia with much needed stimuli. A stimulating environment helps prevent a rapid degeneration of the mind — that is, research has shown that use it or lose it is doubly important for elderly suffering from this disease. It also helps preserve a sense of identity. The classical response was always to simply give up on the patients freedom and lock them up in a closed ward where everything is clinically clean, but that also means depriving them of a world that stimulates and intrigues. I've noticed some concerns about the ethics of this secluded village concept, but compared with the alternatives (the closed ward in an elderly care facility) this is about as humane as you can get. People who live there are not maliciously kept unaware of the outside world, and some will regularly go outside with family and friends to celebrate something or to visit a park or a museum; the outside world is not a secret that is being kept from them! But these people do live in a reality of their own; that's just what dementia does to you. To them, left to their own devices, this village is the real world — but at least they can safely wander around without feeling cooped up in a small ward. > I'm sure they exist but I don't think elderly care facilities are always locked wards. No certainly not! These are reserved for the cases that can not be left alone safely; that is, severe dementia. This closed village concept is of course not meant for the elderly who can safely navigate their environment with a decent degree of autonomy. > How could a village like this scale? One way is to successfully proof to the insurance companies that this is in fact cheaper than over-medication and closed wards. You see, there are health benefits to keeping people active and mobile in a safe area. The classical closed ward is very restrictive; not just in terms of space, but also in terms of stimuli. If nothing challenges you, you soon give up on a lot of your daily activities, and soon these folk resort to a sedentary lifestyle. That causes a spate of health issues, from pressure ulcers to loss of muscle power. That in turn necessitates curative treatments, and those are expensive. For the elderly at risk of this, such as closed village concept should be seen as preventive medicine! A daily trip to the local shop inside the village means using your brain to purchase something, and using your body to get there and back to your room, all without having to pay a penalty when you fail (i.e., if you forget what you were doing, the staff can help, and if you trip and fall you are never far from medical attention). USA: 4100 films, 1154 series Netherlands: 1475 films, 382 series¹ It really doesn't compare. In the US Netflix works as a back catalogue for older films as well. Sure, not everything is there, but compared to what we get… 1: http://unogs.com/countrydetail/ You are correct when talking about computer mice/mouses , but for the animal referred to here (figuratively) the plural is mice. > The platform that we're building uses only Facebook and Twitter APIs to signup and login. No normal email only sign-up? Does your demographic not include people who prefer not linking their accounts to external identity providers? I am getting an undismissable dialog prompting for an email address to spam. Is there supposed to be a way of closing it or is that website just that hostile? That fixed it, thanks. You already provide a way to subscribe at the bottom of the page though, and I would expect users only to consider subscribing after reading the article and finding it interesting; why not dispense with the dialog altogether? It is the kind of trick used by scam websites and annoys most users. Is there a workaround for this paywall? Most of the games available in the Humble Bundles and the Humble Store come with a Steam key as well. The process for every game is the same: buy game, get Steam key, add game to Steam library, play. It just works. I do not understand from where comes all this constant Unity bashing. I think that this is actually what creates the real damage. It's not just Unity; anything even remotely disliked gets bashed (Gnome Shell has a history of getting criticised at every bit of news about it). I agree that it is poisonous behaviour that benefits no one, but I wonder what causes it. Usually it is the PDF that is at fault, or rather, the assumptions made by the author (or the authoring software). A PDF meant to be portable and usable for a long time should embed all fonts used. If you get different fonts and sizes in different viewers, that tends to hint at a lack of embedded fonts, leaving the PDF viewer to substitute using its fall back fonts. Most PDFs I come across tend to come with embedded fonts and work just fine on any decent PDF-viewer. PDF is a lot easier to handle if you consider it binary output, just like PNG or JPEG. For a lot of developers it makes more sense to use one of the PDF emitting tool chains or libraries available instead of working with the PDF file format directly — the most well-known option being LaTeX of course. I saw some weird glitches when I read this article in Chrome on Ubuntu Touch (it is fine in Firefox on the desktop though); it was reloading itself at weird intervals. At one point it looked like the last paragraph was the one that ended in “(You didn’t think I could write an entire column without mentioning him, did you?)”, after that it reloaded and I got another four paragraphs that did (lightly) touch upon the subject of the column. Perhaps you had this issue as well? This is a hard problem to solve for a long list of reasons. For example, what kind of party should facilitate this system of remuneration? One of the big boys (Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft) or some start-up in publishing? If we want a system that works for any publisher, that will become a really important player with access to some really interesting information (what kind of thought pieces someone reads; that's a data mining gold mine!) and a lot of influence. Also, wouldn't providing users with incentives to share articles get us back to the clickbait articles we want to avoid? News as such is fungible, but good newspapers and magazines provide their unique value through op-ed pieces, columns, research journalism, thought pieces, etc. That kind of writing is not interchangeable. I have a subscription to a newspaper (on real paper!) not for the daily news (which as you say is fungible) but for these in-depth articles that go beyond the news, and provide some background and perspective. Alternatively, if you like to stay close to the git commands themselves (which is very helpful when helping colleagues), use a git shell such as git sh ¹. After starting the git shell in the terminal (just git sh for the eponymous program) all command are simply the same as in git, only without git in front of them (so add , push , etc.). Aliases work as expected of course, so st for status , and d for diff are possible too. These type of shells have the added benefit of a status prompt showing the basic git info, such as current branch and number of commits ahead or behind the tracked branch. 1: https://github.com/rtomayko/git-sh All the while feeling as if you are part of a massive unpaid labour force training Google's optical recognition algorithms and adding and verifying Google Streetview metadata (e.g., “select all images containing street signs/store fronts/lakes”). > here we have climatologists who cannot even predict correctly whether it rains next week, yet they make predictions about how in 20 years the climate is such and such. Consider observing a forest road in an area with lots of rabbits. You can't accurately predict how many rabbits will dart across the road in the next hour, but you can — based on long-term observations — predict roughly how many rabbits will cross that road in a year, and based on the empirical evidence of bunnies counted conclude that the number furry creatures moving from one side to another is increasing or decreasing. Symptoms versus trends. The latter can be predicted with some degree of accuracy. Please don't. A lot has been written about email address validation (search HN for a few good discussions); it is horrendously complex to get right. Any mistake or oversight means perfectly valid email addresses won't work, and maintaining your home-grown solution means keeping tabs on any updates to this domain suffix list and other relevant standards. The most sensible approach (in my opinion) is to validate with this minimal regex: /.+@.+/ Essentially just requiring an at-mark between two other bits of text. After that send a confirmation email to see if it works. That is pretty much fool-proof and low maintenance. If you absolutely must help the user in preventing any common mistakes, use a library that provides hints in the UI for those presumed errors without actually invalidating the input. There are JavaScript libraries that do this fairly well. You are right of course. A typo on my end (fixed). Exactly. It is very much our nature as programmers to attempt to capture this seemingly trivial bit of structured text into seemingly innocuous programming rules, but the rewards of the added complexity are just too meager. Even if an email address validates, it still doesn't mean that you have a working email address. Sending an email is the only way to be sure, and if you are already doing that, then why risk excluding valid email addresses with a decidedly non-trivial regex? There are regexes out there that capture all the complexity of valid email addresses today (but who knows if they'll work with, say, next year's additions to the top-level domains?), and you can copy them from StackOverflow if you really want them; but why bother? Or compromise; write up an awesome blog post about how you wrote software to turn their photos into proper scans, and reject their homework (with a link to the blog post). Steam's approach to authentication is annoying. You either get their authenticator app for two-factor authentication, or get demoted to a second-class Steam citizen. Without the authenticator you get nagged frequently to get it, and you cannot buy and sell things on the marketplace normally (every action has to be confirmed via email, and any item you want to sell is placed in escrow for two weeks ). I appreciate Valve pushing for better security, but with the authenticator app the only option this really sucks if you don't have a smartphone, or do have a smartphone, just not with Android, IOS, or Windows Phone on it. Now I understand this for the interim (people were losing their digital items due to poor security), but it is damn near impossible to contact Steam with suggestions or comments (on the Steam forums your voice is drowned in a sea of despair, and I can't seem to get a hold of anyone with a technical background at Steam's help-desk). Perhaps if someone at Valve is reading HN: please consider using Fido U2F as an alternative to a smartphone app! Yeah, usually there are scripts that can update and import building outlines from open government data. Usually this is done with human guidance and by request. So if a mapper in a certain area notices missing or outdated building, he or she might request that someone in the community familiar with those import tools import the outlines for that area. Ideally the local mapper can then verify and enrich this data. In a lot of developed countries almost any building barring small garden sheds is meticulously described in government parcel databases with decimetre precision. In the past few years these outlines have been imported in the Netherlands in OpenStreetMap; it really looks a lot better than just a bunch of rectangles. Both serverless and cloud are words that essentially mean that you are running back-end stuff on someone else's computer. That's not necessarily a problem, but these words appear chosen for their hype value and lack of actual semantic meaning. They are also irksome and downright impractical when you want to get down to what it really is or does due to all the marketing fluff and misinterpretation surrounding them. If you want to talk nuts and bolts about some cool technology or interesting concept; why not use an unambiguous term that means just that one thing — e.g., platform-as-a-service (PaaS), function-as-a-service (FaaS), or simply a hosted solution. Ignoring the ample amount of ethical and political objections to the whole notion of government (which government, incidently?) backdoors, how does one even start to implement this kind of legislature? You might be able to coerce Facebook or Google to cooperate, but you can't exactly outlaw any alternative that is out of reach of the EU, or any jurisdiction for that matter. These tools exist now, and won't just dissappear. Any terrorist worth his salt will use whatever works, regardless of legality. These kind of laws also tend not to exist in isolation. There are politicians in both the EU and the US who entertain this notion of cryptographic backdoors. Common sense says that it is impossible for this kind of law to gain traction beyond these kind of probing attempts at finding support; there are just too many practical issues to solve without this law becoming a complete farce. Do you really need the backlog of bot output for a migration? For me the biggest feature Mattermost has over Slack is that you can host Mattermost yourself. If you use GitLab or want to consider using GitLab, its omnibus package comes with Mattermost included. A really nice combination. If anyone wants to integrate Mattermost with their LDAP server, another way is to let Mattermost use your local GitLab to authenticate and let GitLab use LDAP. That's what we do. This should work out of the box with GitLab's omnibus package. Mattermost can use GitLab for authentication, which is nice. Other than that, you can configure webhooks in GitLab's git repositories to push messages to a Mattermost channel; for example, push every tag created so colleagues can see a new version of one of your libraries/products was released. Mattermost actually is apt-gettable if you install it alongside GitLab CE with GitLab's omnibus package¹. 1: https://about.gitlab.com/downloads/ The Facebook/WhatsApp hegemony really is dangerous in that aspect. It grew from 'just social media' into something that is starting to usurp communication that used to take place via open platforms. In the Netherlands one of the largest banks (ING) even stopped supporting communication with its customers via email, suggesting the use of Twitter or WhatsApp instead for digital communication. It is perfectly possible not to use them (I don't), but it is not without downsides. Does Signal still require your mobile number as mandatory identifier? If privacy is what matters that is a deal breaker. Last I looked it couldn't be used with third party clients either, and any desktop client requires tethering to an Android or IOS smartphone. Wire looks a bit more sensible, but still works exclusively on their servers. > If they're selling it's either because they have no choice, or because they don't believe in said vision. Or just because the price is right. Some may believe that they can do something even greater with the money, and some simply realize that a lot of money is the more attractive option for them. The latter may even have faith that the purchaser will keep the vision alive (and most will be disappointed in that respect). Gaming the search engines. Just flag and ignore. Concurrency is one of the harder bits to learn to do properly, but the CountDownLatch always strikes me as one of the concurrency constructs that is intuitive to grasp. Because these are usually declared final in Java in order to use them in a Thread launched from another class, I just can't seem to resist putting this comment above their declaration: /* It's the */ final CountDownLatch latch = … It's a really good metaphor for explaining public key cryptography. I don't think anti-smoking groups feel threatened in their existence by e-cigarettes. They actually seem to see them as a useful intermediate step for those who seek to stop smoking. The reason for their opposition is twofold; e-cigarettes appear to act as a gateway drug for people who don't smoke; teenagers in particular. colourful packaging, synthetic fruity flavours; the e-cigarette industry is well aware of this particular demographic. Secondly, there are concerns about the perceived harmlessness of the vapour exhaled. While certainly not as bad as second-hand smoke, the exhaled vapours are not free of unhealthy (even carcinogenic) substances, the effects of which are not fully known. In many parts of the world smoking is no longer accepted inside public buildings and the work place; a huge victory for public health! Quite rightly there is some fear that e-cigarettes are encroaching upon that domain. The e-cigarette manufacturers have succeeded alarmingly well in conveying the message that e-cigarette smoke is just water vapour. None explicitly say this now that government regulation is picking up, but it took root nonetheless. A quick glance at the research published on this topic shows that the vapour from e-cigarettes contains significantly lower but not negligible amounts of carcinogenic compounds. If you are a smoker wanting to quit, this is probably a good trade off, but if you don't smoke, you are likely not to appreciate being treated to an unnecessary increase of harmful substances in the air you live and work in. You are right to point out that these studies usually focus on a particular brand of e-cigarette filling or a limited range of them. Funky additives can add any amount of complex by-products to the vapour exhaled, further exacerbating the health threat. So yeah, treating e-cigarettes as normal cigarettes seems very sensible. > I'd prefer if strong perfumes were also banned in public places; particularly restaurants and any form of waiting area. Or deodorant for that matter. I vastly prefer a subtle hint of Chanel No. 5 over the musky clouds of deodorant excessively applied by teenagers to mask the underlying teenage angst. I can't cite any research with authority, as I lack the academic qualifications to do so in this field — like most of us I depend on the insights of those who do to form an opinion — but studies like these¹⁺² seem to indicate that e-cigarette vapour are at least not devoid of carcinogens. Searches on Google Scholar yield a number of papers that mostly seem to indicate that more study is needed to fully comprehend the toxicity of e-cigarette vapour, but that via second-hand smoke (or vapour) you are at least exposed to nicotine, and probably to some quantities of other toxins, possibly including carcinogens. 1: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1438463913... 2: http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/nejmc1413069#t=article > But why would they care if people take it up, if it's not particularly harmful? They don't care if adults do so; they do care about teenagers getting hooked, because it acts like a habit forming step up to tobacco smoking. This doesn't mean they seek to ban e-cigarettes; merely to limit its sale to adults, just like tobacco in most countries. > 'Second-hand smoke' is junk science propagated purely to advance bigotry. I'm surprised to find that sentiment on HN, even most smokers seem to agree that their smoke may harm others and are considerate about it. Ask any asthmatic over the age of 30 if they agree — we've seen the world shift from smoking everywhere to smoking only outside and in your own home. You have no idea how much of a difference that makes to us in our daily lives. > And, of course, a huge loss for freedom. Don't be silly. No one is forbidding you to smoke in your own home. Do you really want to go back to the fifties where smoking in the office, public transport, or in public buildings was commonplace? The reason smoking is banned in the workplace is simply because many workers do not have the luxury of simply quitting their job to work for an employer that doesn't allow smoking on the premises. Freedom is about the balance between one person's freedom to do something and another's not to be unduly burdened by it — unless you are an anarchist. Once you've seen the diagrams explaining how this specific bit of tax evasion works it becomes hard to attribute it to an oversight or misinterpretation of arcane tax laws on Apple's side. These complicated structures take a lot of know-how and effort to set up correctly, and exist only for the purpose of minimizing the taxation on their services. Apple reportedly paid a negligible 0,005% in taxes in 2014, where 12,5% is normal (in Ireland). So when people agree with the EU findings on this subject, it isn't just out of spite or dislike of Apple. Some feel strongly about tax evasion, as it enriches those who practice it to the detriment of ordinary citizens (taxes pay for public works and institutions). Some may find that huge corporations benefit unfairly from these convoluted tax evasion schemes compared to ordinary citizens, and small and medium sized corporations, and they seem to get away with it too (unfair competition). Apple knew they could get caught, that risk has been assessed when they implement this scheme and found to be low enough to warrant it at the time. If anyone else gets caught not paying their dues in taxes, you can bet the local revenue service will be knocking on your door for the amount owed. Corporations are no different. Also this isn't just about Apple. The EU has been going after a bunch of mega-corps the past year, including Starbucks. Apple is just one of the bigger fish amongst the big fish. It would be nice, but in the end you gain more flexibility by building a HTPC with the hardware you want and treat the TV as a dumb screen that can receive input from HDMI, DVB-T and DVB-C. From the article: > You propose running a Tor node or using Tor internally. Before, this was just something you could do. After Tor’s pivot, you now have to justify why the company should explicitly associate itself with banned HR activism and draw the government’s ire. Using Tor is now an additional mild liability for all of its non-HR users. Using Tor already marks you as suspicious depending on who's looking, regardless of why you use it. The ideals or mission statement of the Tor project don't change this. Tor suffers from the same impediment as the Bittorrent protocol; it is used a lot for illegal purposes, so a stigma of illegality surrounds the tool itself. By focusing on the legitimate use of Tor (e.g., as a human rights facilitating tool) the Tor project might actually improve adoption rather than frustrate it. Wouldn't a regime with a poor human rights track record consider any use of technology which hides who you are communicating with as warranting further investigation regardless of the ideals behind it? I don't think they are that naive. Man that sucks, especially the social services part. Did everything work out in the end? > […] in the UK Or anywhere else for that matter, unless you are absolutely sure about the legality of the matter and how law enforcement will respond. I am under the impression that only corporations and institutions should run Tor exit nodes. I hope there is a niche where Ubuntu Touch can fit in. I have the Meizu Pro 5 with Ubuntu Touch, and it suits me just fine. The reason I chose this phone is that it comes as close to a free software smartphone as I can get now. A huge part of wanting something other than Android is that I don't feel comfortable with the current app-driven smartphone world. Everything seems financed either via analysis of what I do (targeted advertising) or subscriptions with vendor lock-in. Even the most popular apps require access to data they shouldn't need. I also dislike the way a lot of services used by sometimes even the majority of people (i.e., WhatsApp) are exclusive to pre-approved smartphone operating systems (even desktop operating systems are excluded without tethering!). The delicate counterweight we have on the desktop (between major commercial OSes and free software OSes) is missing on the smartphone; it boils down to a duopoly of Apple and Google, and a whole bunch of service-silos, and there is no threat of users migrating to an OS with more freedom if you push them too far (as I believe there is on the desktop). I always wonder if these kind of comments (they seem common amongst conspiracy theory debaters and on-line political extremists) are ever understood by any of their peers, or if it is just the author. It bewilders me that this comment makes perfect sense in someone's mind. The practice of tracking your location in a store by means of wifi and bluetooth connection signals has actually been deemed illegal by a judge in the Netherlands. There is some hope in legislation catching up with technology in that respect. > Scarier still is when it's a server-side response that rejects my password for its contents... Why? Assuming that you have established a secure connection with that server (i.e., HTTPS by means of TLS), then it is perfectly fine for the server to check, at the time you are setting the password , if your password confirms to the rules established. And when the password turns out to be suitable, it is okay for the password to be sent to the server as-is. Now it goes without saying that as soon as you have picked a suitable new password, that the server will store only a (proper) hash — by using BCrypt for example. At no time is the plain text password stored anywhere, and any proper HTTP API will send the password via POST to prevent it from being logged in the server's access logs (which is where it could end up if sent as parameter via a GET request). There are plenty of services that screw up and try to apply nonsensical rules (such as limiting the length of the password to anything less than, say, 256 characters), but in general this is done to prevent weak passwords. You can't exclusively do this client-side, because in security terms, the client cannot be trusted to actually apply the validation and to generate a proper hash; the client can be bypassed. Of course the client can and should validate any input before the server gets to it, so ideally the server need not even come into it during validation, but the server has the final word. As user though, you have the responsibility of not reusing passwords anywhere (and you don't, because you sensibly use a password generator as you mention). Don't assume that any service handles security well. Because the other monkeys will chew you out if you start doing it differently all of a sudden. Nobody knows exactly why we're doing it the way we are doing it, but it is complex, and changing it might break something. It's the five monkey experiment : http://johnstepper.com/2013/10/26/the-five-monkeys-experimen... > Anything any password generator spits out, so long as it meets the min length criteria, should be accepted It annoys me to no end when I have to hand-craft a password to stay within the silly rules of some service. Be vocal about this! Keep complaining to the services you use that don't accept such valid passwords. Banks for example are notorious in insisting on short passwords and arcane limits on which characters to use (ING in the Netherlands limits you to 20 characters, and nobody there seems to be able to explain why). > The one thing I systematically do in term of email validation is catch the common typos of the main providers. So things like gmail.con, hotmai.com, gmall.com and so on. That can be helpful, but I assume you suggest the user that they may have made a typo and not flat out reject the input? > […] having an email with a local domain name with no TLD is valid but it'll never be valid in the context […] Well, depending on how the fairly recent brand generic top-level domains work out, I would not rule out someone actually using ceo@cocacola at some point (until the CEO of Coca-Cola realises that legacy email validation regexes mean a suspiciously quieter then usual inbox). And you should; you have no way of knowing if any service is practising proper security or not beyond what you can see (e.g., exclusive use of HTTPS with valid certificates), so assume the worst. It is best to see a password as a shared secret; something you share with a specific service. That means no reuse of passwords if you care about the consequences of that password getting out. At a small business convincing colleagues isn't that hard. At a larger corporation, getting the rest of the team on-board is the job of whoever is in charge of defining security policies and such. Not allowing characters present on all keyboards and input devices (!"@+'$) statistically increases the risk of people picking weaker passwords then possible, and he/she will guide that change through the proper processes, for example to make sure that any client software interacting with the backend is aware of the upcoming change. Same as with any security issue (e.g., the deprecation of SSLv3 ciphers in favour of newer TLS versions). If a business can't handle a change like this, something is really broken in the development pipeline. Granted, that describes a lot of medium sized companies… Is it really a solution to the walled gardens people are stuck in now? The clients are open, so presumably it would be possible (and encouraged?) to write a custom client. That is definitely a big plus. But it still looks like a centralized communication protocol that depends on proprietary servers and a private network to use. The issue with the walled gardens we're seeing (this week with this iconic photograph) is that there is no escape valve; no truly open alternative to the social network provided by these services. With email we can (despite the difficulties) set up our own servers and clients, and communicate with anyone (again, assuming we manage to set up things correctly) who uses email today. We can even use encryption verified and trusted by many independent experts (i.e., OpenPGP). Despite all its warts, there is a safety valve there, and for now it maintains the balance between corporate and public interests. With these chat services it seems that you are stuck with what their proprietors allow and assert. Federation is hard to get right, but isn't it simply a base requirement for any truly free and open alternative to the WhatsApps and Snapchats of the world? > This was in the 29th century. Good to hear newspapers still exist in the future. :) Even if we disregard its flaws, why would the masses migrate to Wire? Or Telegram, or Signal for that matter. I don't deny that it's a lot better than WhatsApp, but it still faces the same problem as any other alternative; the masses aren't using it. Ah I see. Getting people used to a status quo where having multiple chat networks in use is normal is better than a monoculture in the long term. I can agree with that. I think you forgot to include the actual question. Why no web application? To prevent ballot stuffing I would assume. With a name and email address you might check the validity of a petition by randomly mailing some of the petition signers to validate that they did sign it themselves. The full text of the speech held by Lionel Shriver is available here: https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/sep/13/lionel... A good read. It's painful to hear that writers of fiction are getting harrowed by well-meaning but obviously misguided activists who believe cultural appropriation is seriously a thing. I'm not surprised — although fascinated — about the way social media has granted these young idealists a platform for their irrational concepts of political correctness taken to the extremes, but I am taken aback about how notions such as safe spaces and trigger warnings have taken hold in academics via the student communities. Is it the fear of being labelled a racist and having your good name tainted on-line by these very vocal activists with a receptive platform of like-minded individuals available at their fingertips that stops people (fellow students and faculty) from simply brushing it off as nonsense? Extra irritating because it offers that app on every mobile browser, including those run on an OS they don't have an app for. This article could certainly use some clarification. I bought a Lenovo Yoga 500 two weeks ago and had no problems whatsoever with installing Ubuntu 16.04 after setting the UEFI to 'legacy' and nuking the complete drive after making a disk image backup for warranty purposes. Did I dodge a bullet here? It came with Windows 10, but perhaps it wasn't this 'signature edition'. It also effectively locks out the use of that service on a non-mobile operating system unless you tether your Android or IOS smartphone to it. It seems really backwards to force the use of specific (proprietary) client software and specific operating systems in an age where every modern operating system can technically participate on the internet. I find it hard to find any explanation for this behaviour that fits except for the rather bleak suspicion that right now all that matters is gaining market share and locking people into your walled garden. Perhaps they are getting some return on investment now by creating ever more detailed advertising profiles on their users, but that doesn't seem sustainable — it strikes me as rather bubblish. I wonder what the long term vision is. More data harvesting for advertising? Become the de facto platform for services offered through your chat network? The latter reminds of how every company needed a presence in Second Life to engage with customers and leads… Ideally a government provided auth service would use two-factor authentication (e.g., Fido U2F), but if that isn't possible this will at least guarantee a strong password. But… it's a bit user hostile. If you must provide a list of pre-generated passwords, why not consider something that can be easily written down by the users who do not use a password manager? Instead of: CE3BE221-A021-4712-9293-AB2554C22282 Do something like: Roses 14, mixed mushroom; 66/9 incidental choreographers? It should be possible to reach a sufficient level of entropy without making the user feel he is a robot. I used to think like that when I was a CS student back in 2000; “You can't beat Microsoft; their stuff is the best and you would be mad not to join their camp.”, all the while scoffing at those who used alternative OSes and browsers. At some point though I started to grasp the bigger context of software and the social impact it has, and started doubting my youthful sycophantic zeal. Then I switched to Phoenix (Firefox's forefather) and started delving into that Linux thing people were talking about soon after. Now as an adult software developer I do take the ethical side of the equation into account, and I can't imagine ever relinquishing what little control I have over my data and my computers to mega-corporations without a fight. I don't know what the best way forward is, but as long as Firefox is a decent browser (and it is) I'm doing my part by simply using it, recommending it to those who would benefit from it, and helping out here and there by submitting bugs and helping people fix their websites. I do know that giving in is not constructive. > […] or using a retina display. Any HiDPI display will work, not just Apple's. Shifting by 0.5 in both directions is a quick win though. Death has always been something that came to you — naturally or via some agency — and not the other way around; and only rarely is its time known beforehand (i.e., executions). It is a relatively modern phenomenon that we actively seek death in these cases, and decide when to go whilst being a part of the community around you . Sure there are the customs of elderly tribesmen wondering off into the wilderness to die, but that too abstracts death away into something that happens to you, not something you actively invite. Society isn't used to this notion, and we don't really have any handholds to fall back to. Do you mourn with the person while he is still alive? Go on as if nothing really changed? Celebrate life with them while you still can? Euthanasia is becoming widely accepted; at least at the abstract levels of law and medicine, so we'll probably figure it out eventually. Perhaps the Hallmarks of the world can introduce a nice line of cards for the occasion? Exactly, such anti-abuse limits would start at, say, 256 characters. The amount of banks and services that limit their passwords to 20 characters or fewer is startling. > and third party clients are something he actively tries to prohibit. It's a solution that probably makes sense if you try to solve the problem from within the gilded cages of Google/Facebook/Apple, but it is a kind of exclusionary thinking that to me goes against the spirit of open standards and user freedom on the internet. It's good that it is a choice you have though. That is mostly due to a lack of understanding of the added safety benefits (students and such just not caring enough) and a lack of enforcement though. Most people do agree with the necessity of bicycle lights in the dark, but take their chances when they are caught outside after dusk with a broken light or empty battery for the clip-on types. Same in the Netherlands, but that is because you are liable for the (civil) damages, which are handled by the insurance companies of both parties. The police nowadays only get involved if one of the parties is criminally negligent, or drives off without decently handling the aftermath. Insurance claims do reimburse you for the damage though, and will claim them (successfully) with the other party's insurer. Tempting and understandable from the developer's perspective, but it is absolutely unacceptable in a password manager. The notion of usage telemetry gathering does not align with the high level of privacy and security a password manager should represent. If you want more feedback than just the bugs and feature requests reported, why not ask the users in your software via a friendly dialogue screen after a week or so? It would help if people referred to this technological concept as Function as a Service . That is a lot less ambiguous and buzzwordish than 'serverless'. It probably isn't. I can wear my in-ear noise-blocking headphones for about two hours until they become physically uncomfortable. Over-ear headphones are fine for up to four hours. An open office is just not a workable environment for me. It's fascinating to see how feasible it is to get something — anything — recognized as fact or actual trend by employing social media and excitable media. The 'bikini bridge' phenomenon comes to mind. > Huh? If you have US billing, you can only watch the US catalog, and you need a US IP, right? From what I understand you get to watch the content of the region you are in at the moment. So on holiday you lose access to your home catalogue, but actually gain access to the catalogue of the country you are in at that moment. This seems to be part of how these region limited contracts with the content owners work. The two alternatives are not being able to use Netflix at all when you are abroad, or having access only to the catalogue of the country you are paying the bills from, regardless of where you physically are. Netflix appears to be heavily focusing on their own content to prevent this whole problem, but that does mean that the option of being able to pick whatever you want (legally) from a large back-catalogue is now blocked. It doesn't matter. Netflix is successfully blocking most of the commercial VPN providers. It is very hard to actually access Netflix via any sort of VPN used by more than a handful of people. Is suspect even running your own VPS somewhere in the US and using a private VPN is mostly pointless unless you get assigned a residential IP address. It might even be a tenable system if exclusives were permitted for a limited period. That way Netflix or any competitor could invest in their own content and attract customers with it for, say, eight years after release. After that period, the content becomes available to all services, and Netflix gets paid royalties. Right now the closest you can get is paying one of the content services (often Netflix) their monthly tribute and treating it as such a hypothetical service. For any content not offered there you simply sail to any old bay of pirates that does have it. It may be illegal, but I find it morally defensible at this stage. It doesn't make a lot of sense from a consumer standpoint. Any royalties 'owed' to anyone for watching some thirty year old film could easily be covered by a reasonable flat monthly fee (like Netflix' $10/€10), but the content owners seem afraid to make any rational steps toward a system that would actually gain them a steady income on their back catalogues! Your question is valid and deserves a proper answer, but it won't do this topic any good. It is an extremely political topic, and discussing it in full would hijack this HN submission. > Gimp is no replacement for Photoshop and Inkscape is not replacement for Illustrator Nor is Photoshop a replacement for the Gimp, or Illustrator a replacement for Inkscape. They are not cheap clones forever playing catchup to the commercial packages, but mature tools in their own right. Sure, the FOSS tools might miss some of the advanced features the proprietary tools have, but for web development both of them offer plenty of features — and they are free to boot! Whether or not one can replace the other is mostly a matter of what you are used to. No alternative is going to satisfy you if you've intensively used Photoshop for a decade. I think dvh is confused about detached signatures and signatures that contain their payload. For detached signatures: gpg --verify message.sig message For signed files: gpg --verify message.sig gpg --output message --decrypt message.sig It's all documented¹. Dvh: what are you getting at? 1: https://www.gnupg.org/gph/en/manual/x135.html Lots? Most I would wager. > Frankly, if people are going to be exposed to said imagery at some point, they probably need to be educated about it. That's what this is all about isn't it? There is lots of stuff on the internet that may hurt a child's development, and I honestly doubt porn is one of the bigger bad influences. Kids are growing up watching popular peers give them beauty and fashion tips or perform dangerous stunts and pranks on extremely popular Youtube channels. Of course all you see is the side they want you to see: the successful prank with hilarious consequences, the perfect look by that pretty girl with the perfect figure. But left to their own devices your children won't see that girl's bad hair day, or the stunt that backfired and landed one of the kids in hospital. Your kids won't realize that the brand of lipstick the popular beauty vlogger promotes also sends her plenty of free samples in return for the favour, or that that hilarious prank was staged. It's our responsibility as parents and educators — as adults — to teach kids about this. Now for porn this always gets tricky, because a lot of people would like to stick to just the basic birds and bees (if even that) and just pretend that sexuality is something you receive with your drivers licence. It doesn't work that way, and believing that blocking a vaunted digital commodity will make it go away is an age-old fallacy. There will always be that one kid who can get the goods, with that one app or website that completely circumvents the blockade. Meanwhile you get to register for your approved pervert ID if you actually want to comply with the system and watch porn. It boggles my mind how anyone can think that this will benefit society rather than take another step towards a full Orwellian surveillance state. > I'm all for a better solution, but nobody seems to be proposing one. You are probably doing all right already. The computer and tablets stay in the living room where you can supervise incidentally until they reach the teenage years. And then the smartphones stay with you after bedtime. For the rest, it is up to you to set a good example, and to explain the world to your kids as they encounter it. That means talking about sex too, and that means explaining what they are looking at when they do stumble upon adult content — not acting embarrassed and making them feel guilty as if they've bitten into some forbidden fruit. "Oh this is just adult sex, you'll understand better when you are older. Any questions?" If it really bothers you; install filtering software. Filtering the parts of reality deemed not yet suitable from your children is responsible (just don't pretend it doesn't exist); filtering it from society at large is unbearably sanctimonious. It looks like an interesting attempt at structuring debate. It might be a useful tool to have for discussions within a company or organization. I am missing a way to 'resolve' arguments and to order the arguments by 'strength' (i.e., the number of supporters/detractors). Gripe: It is not possible to select and copy the text of arguments posited by users. The sources and fallacies however can be selected. Are you seriously doubting that there are peer reviewed articles that assert that there are things on the internet that can harm a child's development and well-being? Have a look at Google Scholar for a plethora of papers about cyber-bullying, grooming, self-esteem issues (mental and physical), pro-anorexia blogs, etcetera. You can combine the keywords "internet" and "children" with any of the above to get an extensive list of papers on each topic. Ironically, a couple of articles below this one this headline shows up: > The Tech Bubble Didn’t Burst This Year. Just Wait (bloomberg.com) Do others have this strong association with the first internet tech bubble and Aeron chairs? For me there is a strong visual link between the floundering tech companies of that era and the images of the seemingly ubiquitous Aeron chair in the offices being cleared. Not to belittle the notion of good ergonomics — on the contrary, I love my Steelcase chair and hight adjustable desk — it's just that the brand seems tainted. I wonder if their market research took this into account and came up with a strategy for this association? > Only in the SV and startup echo-bubble. I'm in neither, but I guess this is just something that stuck to us in the software business in general. Do you need proprietary software or Apple devices to get the most out of life? I never got the impression the Stallman was missing out on something. Every coder should take the time to find the keyboard that suits their body best once funds allow it. I can't imagine doing serious (development) work on a laptop for more than an hour or so without a decent keyboard (currently using a DasKeyboard with Cherry switches), a well-positioned monitor, and a good mouse (a left-handed Razor Deathadder now). Still I see a lot of developers just pop open their laptop on a desk and work like that for the rest of the day… I do like having an accurate mouse for drawing diagrams and web browsing (and a lot of other things). I'm Dutch, consider myself well-informed and well-read, but I've never heard of this project before. To be honest, it sounds like another cryptocoin pyramid scheme. On their website this altcoin is presented as an investment opportunity where the value of the coins you own increases with the number of users. > The value of Gulden is determined by the demand for Gulden, as with gold or silver. The price can go up or down, but on average the value of Gulden goes up. Sure. It will only go up. Just like all the other altcoins. There is something that irks me about the name of this project. Gulden is the name of the Dutch currency used before the introduction of the Euro. At this point in time it has strong historical connotations (obviously), but it is also a symbol of adherents of the nationalistic political (far) right in the Netherlands. There are plenty of people from the lower socio-economic classes who fuelled by demagogues who believe we should revert to the Gulden (the actual currency, not this altcoin), close our borders, get out of the EU and once again prosper (even though we are already doing pretty well all things considered, and the EU benefits us on the whole, despite all its warts). Choosing Gulden as a name for this project seems to explicitly place it at the heart of that particular bit of discontent. It also feels extremely pretentious to use the name of our historic currency that anyone over the age of twenty actually used. This I can grok from a commercial standpoint, but it leaves a nasty taste. I understand your annoyance about the class statement, but demographically speaking I'm not far off the mark. Appearances aside, marketeers don't choose names at random. There is a thought-through business plan behind this that specifically targets a certain demographic — I contend that a good part of the group targeted here can often ill-afford to invest their savings in something as ethereal as an altcoin (which is what they are suggesting on the Gulden website). > Gulden is used for actual value transfer […] I can see some of the benefits touted, but for most of those situations cash or our excellent system of debit cards and POS-terminals already do this, and transferring money via IBAN is peanuts (and free within most EU countries). But convenience aside, cash works without a smartphone and middlemen. It's mostly anonymous too. Besides, I get that companies are vying for the position of the one digital money transfer 'app' here in the Netherlands, because whoever manages to do that is in for a very profitable ride (like that one similar app popular in Sweden), but linking it to their own altcoin seems like a way to propagate a pyramid scheme by means of an app some will find useful. The about, privacy, and terms links are all dead. Is this an open protocol/api or a closed environment? It looks like a commercially backed app. What is the business model here? Paid access or advertising? Ah okay, the privacy and terms links do seem to download something, but you might want to give the files the .pdf file extension. > It is completely irrational spending all this time on it, but it am really attached to that particular keyboard. Nostalgia and/or emotional attachment aside, I think you can actually rationalize repairing it: ① Knowledge and skills. Repairing stuff increases your understanding of the things you use on a daily basis. ② Emotional reward. Successfully repairing something is simply satisfying. ③ Environmentalism. You manage to keep one more product functioning instead of consigning it to a landfill. I am willing to bet that the time you sink into this project is mostly your down-time. If you weren't doing this, you might be watching Netflix, or playing a game, or reading a book — it is not lost time. Even if you could reach them, what arguments will you provide them with to even start to consider pushing for a change of plan? As far as they can predict (and they are probably quite knowledgeable about the market) people will buy their laptops and they will make a neat profit. That is, Apple upper management is doing its job — making a profit; having some long term strategic vision. They are undoubtedly aware of a certain amount of discontent being vented on the internet, and will most likely consider placating it (not addressing it) a process that needs to be looked into to. If you want to make a difference, vote with your wallet. System76 makes nice laptops, and Dell's XPS line isn't too bad. There are a lot of unresolved issues around the notion of direct democracy. Referenda prove this point — e.g., the Brexit referendum and the EU-Ukraine association pact referendum in the Netherlands. In both cases media and pressure groups hijacked the process of forming an objective informed opinion, and in the Dutch case most people didn't even fully grasp what they were voting for — they just voted against out of discontent. I am sure that there are ways to improve citizen participation in the democratic system, but directly voting on issues is not going to give us the sensible behaviour you might hope for. Representational democracy exists in part to prevent minorities from abuse by any majority — with direct democracy you eliminate that protection. I would rather not add any additional identifying information to my browser, but I am definitely configuring Thunderbird to do this. It's harmless, quirky, geeky, and it might someday make some kindred spirit smile. I wonder if this header shows up in the statistics of the big email providers. System76 is a solid choice (I love my four year old Gazelle, with 16Gb or RAM from the start), although ordering a laptop there is slightly cumbersome if you are living outside of North America. https://system76.com/laptops The build quality of their offerings seems to get better with each successive generation too, and of course everything works out of the box. I just wish they would partner with someone in the EU; that way shipping costs, VAT, and tariffs can be handled more transparently. Those appear to be laptops preloaded with Windows with an option to ship without an OS. The benefit of ordering from System76 is that the hardware all just works with Linux. There are no more guarantees about which font is installed, although you will probably get a decent match if you use one of the old Microsoft core fonts (Verdana, Times New Roman, etc.). Just don't expect the exact font; often you will get a font that matches the metrics for the one you've chosen as a fall-back for those (once) popular fonts. In any case, you can always safely specify one of these font groups: sans-serif, serif, monospace. These will give you the user's default font for that broad category of typefaces. No guarantees about which font you will get though. If you do want to leverage installed fonts, you can craft a decent so-called font-stack that will cover a lot of fonts typically installed on various OSes. For instance, you might specify: /* Just an example, these do not necessarily match. */ "DejaVu Sans", "Bitstream Vera Sans", "Droid Sans", Verdana, sans-serif; Again, no guarantees, that is why we have web-fonts. Also, I am probably missing something, but don't you just get the fall-back font (e.g., whatever matches sans-serif) with a web-font as long as you specify one? Isn't that common CSS knowledge among developers? > Similar for laptops. Replacing batteries, upgrading ram, and upgrading storage are very common. Don't forget cleaning! Until we get to the point where all components are passively cooled in a sealed container, cleaning a laptop's CPU fan is simply one of those maintenance tasks that will keep a laptop running quiet and cool for years. And yeah, getting a a bit of extra RAM or the next generation of fast hard disk is a great and cheap way to give a performance boost to an ageing laptop. It is a pain to seek out a laptop designed for Windows and then install a Linux distribution on it, but you can also just get a laptop from a vendor¹ that specialises in GNU/Linux compatible hardware and get a working Ubuntu laptop from the minute you start it up — perhaps half an hour longer if you want to install a different distribution. Everything just works. 1: E.g., System76. I haven't encountered any, but I know that the homely one and two carriage diesel multiple unit trains (Wadlopers) that ran on the Northern lines in The Netherlands were shipped to Poland and even South America. Old diesel engine stock is popular in poorer countries that have a lot of unelectrified rural railway lines. > I can do massively complicated commits with ease because I can see every single line that has changed right in front of me. You mean `git diff`? I'm sure it comes down to a matter of preference, but claiming that using git from a command line slows you down or limits your capabilities only makes sense if you rarely touch a command line (a bit strange for a developer). Plain old git from the command line is functional and actually quite user friendly. Add your own aliases and some kind of git shell and you can fire off a complicated commit as fast as you can sensibly review your diff — all without lifting a finger from the keyboard. GUI git tools are nice for visualizing feature branches, but for the basic day-to-day workflow the CLI is much more productive. Absolutely, Japan is great for stationary. I love the KuruToga mechanical pencils; these rotate the pencil lead some 30 degrees each time you lift the pencil from the paper. This means you always end up with a perfectly round tip and lines of equal thickness instead of the chisel tip you end up with normally. I used to rotate my simpler mechanical pencils myself before I found these. Never going back. It's great for amateur electronics projects. Need 100 22AWG five-strand connectors and you're not in a rush? Hit up AliExpress, and they'll show up on your doorstep for less than the price of a frozen pizza in a few weeks. Monthly rates vary though. In the Netherlands you pay €90 or so a month for (mandatory) health insurance, with a €350 a year deductible. Low income households do get partly subsidized by the government of course. Taxes withheld from salary, just like ainiriand mentioned. In The Netherlands (and most other European countries) you pay for insurance directly (which here includes a mandatory basic plan that can be expanded to include things like full dental) and via taxation of income. > Granted it's a jump from that to the real world. Not that much of a jump though. I wonder how much more evidence is needed for people to accept that having an active smartphone within range of your eyes and ears while driving is a major risk factor? You don't even have to use the thing; just knowing that notifications can show up any time now is enough to distract our primate brain. We've evolved to be able to detect and act on minute movements spotted in the corners of our eyes on the grassy plains, because it might just be a tiger lurking there. It's a (very effective, if you are a hunter-gatherer on a steppe) survival mechanism. By now there are plenty of studies performed in driving simulators that proof that smartphones distract you significantly. Of course hard empiric real world data is hard to get by, because people involved in a crash will tend to deny or downplay the use or presence of a smartphone, so data from real world accidents is of limited use. What we do have is a lot of anecdotal real world observations by participants and traffic experts, where people conclude that a smartphone did indeed distract them to the point of (near) accidents, or where police officers on highway patrol can pick out someone texting based purely on the swerving of their vehicle (which they then confirm when the overtake them). But the point is that real world data cannot be ethically obtained in a controlled scientific manner for this topic — you can't let one group drive using their smartphone and another not. Even here on HN it seems like a lot of people are downplaying the risk of smartphones in traffic, despite ample evidence pointing to just that conclusion. Is this one of those inconvenient truths? For a second there I wondered why anyone would have fiber glass internet specifically in their toilet, but not anywhere else. Exactly. With a passenger you share the same locality and when traffic gets tricky, the passenger tends to focus on the situation at hand as well and won't expect immediate responses. With a remote conversation the other side is completely unaware of your local situation; the conversation takes places in some sort of blank virtual shared reality where only the participants and their conversation topic reside — your brain ends up needing to be in two places at once. We're just not very good at that. That would be very confusing for multilingual users. Just because my OS is configured to use a certain locale, doesn't mean I don't read text in scripts not considered part of it. They are of course, but if you use that list instead of a single locale, you end up with a solution that only highlights 'strange' characters when they are not part of your language/locale set. So for someone who speaks only Latin character based languages you could highlight all Cyrillic characters, but for someone who speaks Russian you still have the original problem (it's not as if you can just highlight all Latin characters in their case!). That only appears to work in Gecko-based applications, such as Firefox. Not even that; such a fork already exists (as mentioned elsewhere in this thread). > waste unicode space The desirability of emoji aside, Unicode has plenty of space for this. The bulk of Unicode code points are CJKV (Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese ideographs) characters. Compared to that, a few emoji outside of the BMP don't really amount to much. In fact, I am under the impression that the popularity of emoji had an unintended benefit. It seems to have contributed to a much better support of non-BMP¹ Unicode characters across the board. Until the extended emoji set came along, most characters outside of the BMP where fairly specialistic or extremely regional, so bugs didn't show up as fast as they do now. It used to be a tiny miracle of you managed to view a PDF containing non-BMP characters properly, nowadays that is just how things work. 1: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plane_(Unicode)#Basic_Multilin... I am positively surprised to learn that a product called 'Butt Paste' exists. Still seems that economically speaking it might be cheaper to create such a backpack from a more suitable cloth instead. That would imply stealing those yellow 'only-for-in-store-use' bags. Yes, my mother's maiden name is Een3oquu+P_a9oez0queiPhaeChaijoh, why do you ask? Ironically, you usually can enter a string as answer to those questions that is more secure than the allowed password. This is one of those ideas that a lot of inexperienced developers come up with at some point. I did it myself ten year ago (with SHA-256) for a simple home-brew website, and recently a colleague of mine brought it up. Sometimes the argument represents a holdover from pre-HTTPS times, and sometimes the reasoning is something along the lines that the user's password should be private. If you are developing (now, in 2016) a public HTTP API that allows logging in with a password, then you can simply discard the notion of not having a secured channel between the browser and the server. Of course you are using HTTPS, and of course you are securing your API in such a way that plain HTTP requests will fail. The second argument appears valid to some extent at first glance. Users tend to reuse passwords, despite being advised not to do so. But if you are the developer of the API, then why should you go out of your way to make sure the password never reaches your server at all? That is, you can (usually, if you have the necessary access clearance) already access all the data protected by that password! Furthermore, not seeing the password when it is being set by the user means a malicious/misguided user can simply work around your client-side minimum requirement checks, and send you a hash for '12345' (or do you want to maintain a database of all possible hashed representations of passwords containing less than the minimum required character count?). As a developer you hash passwords, and never store the plaintext password anyway. Check that it is not getting logged anywhere (so always HTTP POST passwords, never GET). You provide only HTTPS (assuming this is a public API). If you need more security, use two-factor authentication. As a user you should assume that a password is a shared secret between you and the service you secure with it. Assume that the service could store it plaintext, and that malicious employees of that service could try to gain access to any other service you use. In short, use a password manager and do not reuse passwords for anything you care about. The arguments against client-side TLS certificates boil down to complex UI and maintainability, but it does have its uses. At small to medium sized companies it isn't uncommon to host a number of self-hosted services, such as GitLab, MatterMost, some wiki, perhaps OwnCloud, the list goes on. Securing all these services takes some non-trivial effort, even if you manage to get all services talking to your local LDAP server (we did!). Only recently GitLab advised users of the self-hosted solution to upgrade ASAP due to a security issue. To cut ourselves some slack, we placed all these services behind an Nginx proxy. That proxy is secured with client-side TLS certificates. So if you try to access https://chat.example.com without it, you just get a friendly error message (actually, you get a picture of Grumpy Cat saying 'no', but you get the idea). With certificate, you get the service you wanted to access. You still need to log on with the service, but that's usually just a matter of doing it once and ticking the 'remember me' checkbox or something similar. For our users it just works. Generating new certificates and revoking old ones is fairly simple for the administrators (couple of scripts, ample documentation). The arguments against public use still stand of course, but for this scenario it is a great solution. > […] who are unwilling to change to cloud especially in these days of data leak. I would start by addressing that concern, but it may come down to a matter of beliefs; i.e., you trust that 'the cloud' will be secure this next iteration (or the next, or the next), and they remain sceptical. Can't blame them. If you are handling data that is subject to national regulations concerning personal data (e.g., health care) using a cloud provider for all your needs is risky and might not be legal. If you use one of the big-name (and therefore affordable) providers such as Amazon, your data may very well fall under America's Patriot Act — there is a lot of legal uncertainty about this. If I go with a local party instead, there is also no guarantee that this company in turn won't branch out to the US, or get bought up by an American company, again putting citizen's private data in reach of (in my case) foreign governments. Liability. If the project fails, it is not your fault. I cynically suspect that whoever drafts these contracts might even believe that by agreeing on an excessively expensive failure clause, failure will thus not occur — after all, it is legally covered. We see this in The Netherlands as well (and I suspect it is a global phenomenon). Government needs software, big-name consultancy firm gets the job, builds stuff that won't work or barely functions, project implodes or is delivered in a half-baked state. Repeat ad nauseam. These companies (Cap Gemini comes to mind) thrive by these projects, even though most seem to fail or end up underwhelming. There appears to be some degree of corruption there on the side of these contractors — investigative journalism has uncovered several questionable practices. Some part of my wonders if having a well-funded government department dedicated to these projects that creates and maintains the (free!) software needed is not a more tenable (and cheaper) approach. On the other hand, large government-driven software projects may just be impossible to deliver at this point; we simply lack the know-how to prevent the inevitable implosion of such complex projects. > Italy provides an answer in Caps Lock One can't help but wonder what kind of twisted reasoning prompted some staff member to send in the answers in ALL CAPS. You probably got downvoted because of the antagonistic wording of your post: > Erm, no. That can come across as a rude way to disagree with someone (it does to me). > There is no uncertainty, only lack of awareness […] That's dismissive (it reads as “you are not uncertain about this matter, you just think you are”) and not very helpful either. As a corollary to that type of fictional world view; anyone can die, at any time, even the protagonists, because the bigger story isn't necessary dependant on them. It helps create some freshness in story writing. As it happens I am nearing the end of reading Brin's excellent Uplift series (spanning six books from the 80s and 90s), where the story often involves several groups of protagonists and antagonists acting in parallel. It makes for a nice change from the typical hero-driven stories that do appear to form the bulk of our fiction. Regardless of the merits of Signal, much of the criticism voiced in that article is nonetheless valid. Signal and other chat platforms employing the protocol are run as data-silos by design, using strongly identifying codes (phone numbers) as the required identifier — i.e., it is nearly impossible to create a throw-away account, because getting an anonymous phone number is no longer a practical possibility in a lot of (Western!) countries. Whether or not such metadata is available to adversaries (either through OWS or gathered elsewhere) depends on who your adversaries are and whether or not a corporate entity can be trusted to be completely transparent about what kind of data they retain. As for [0]; even if no relevant metadata is collected today by whoever owns the servers, nothing stops the party providing the service from doing so tomorrow. You mean like this? > Ellipses have their place, but they are also abused a lot… This is a vague, non-committal statement. It looks as if the writer is afraid of the consequences of having an opinion! Now the same sentence again, without the ellipses: > Ellipses have their place, but they are also abused a lot. A firm statement that shows you where the writer stands on the topic. Much better. An ellipse in or at the end of a sentence means something is omitted, but it is also (unconsciously?) abused to try to make utterances less direct. Have you ever received a paragraph or two of text littered with those ellipses of avoidance? If you are well-read this likely conjures an image of some bored teen responding to a neighbour inquiring after the whereabouts of their parents: > Yeah they're probably at home… I guess… Maybe not… Dunno… …whereupon they promptly return their attention to their smartphone. Only it isn't a teenager; it is an adult colleague (not quite) giving their opinion on some topic. > Ellipses have their place, but they seem to be abused a lot. > Ellipses have their place, but I get the impression that they are also abused a lot. > Ellipses have their place, but aren't they also abused a lot? > Ellipses have their place, but maybe they are abused a bit too much. I agree, sometimes a statement needs to be softened to indicate uncertainty or just to be diplomatic, but there are many ways to do that without resorting to ambiguity. Perhaps, maybe, seemingly, ostensibly, surely, evidently; there are so many words that can help soften (or harden!) a statement, and each carries a different connotation. The ellipse on the other hand simple conveys its meaning of omission — but there is no indication of what it was that was omitted (uncertainty? rolling-my-eyes sarcasm? fatigue?). It can come across as laziness on the writer's part — as if they couldn't be bothered to formulate their thoughts. Too late. Semiotically blue now means 'power LED/main button', so monitors, computer cases, etcetera all have one blue LED for the power button. Even your toaster has a blue LED on its on/off-switch. Changing this will take years. Perhaps premium brands will start making red power LEDs hip again, and we will enter a period of red LEDs (again). On the other hand, violet power LEDs might become fashionable, so count your blessings. I was amused that the HTPC computer case I chose had a small slider just below the blue power indicator; you can slide it to the right, and the blue is no longer visible. Thankfully there do exist alarm clocks that specifically cater to this problem. Philips had an alarm clock that would light up slowly (using a halogen bulb) and optionally play the radio or (oddly enough) the sounds of cows in an Alpine meadow, or a Buddhist gong, or birds chirping (the radio turned out vastly preferable). The clock display was backlit by orange LEDs and seemed even less noticeable than the classic red LED display you mention. Presumably without the professional photography no one would be interested in buying advertising space (product placement, hashtagging brands) on his account, so you need a veneer of 'authenticity'. I guess that at a minimum this means having a model unique to your account (himself in this case) along with the other trimmings of an influencer (the muesli with lime curd blob type of shots). Here is my recipe for a golden (if ephemeral) business opportunity: * Live in a country with low costs of living, in a city with a historical city centre (backdrops! texture!) * Have access to professional photography equipment * Have access to a bunch of attractive, but cheap (hence the locality, think Odessa, Bratislava, or Baku) generic looking models * Compose a team of decent writers and photographers * Create 'inspired', 'authentic' Instagram profiles for each model, provide content * Profit? Don't forget to tag each post #bohemian. Guaranteed hit. She's just gaming a system that rewards her output. Whether the advertisers are getting a good return on investment is debatable, but apparently they are convinced that advertising on her channel is worth it. The only drawback is that she might be investing a good part of her career in something that may prove prone to inflation and whim. These type of advertisements are already garnering interest from national regulators. One reason is that a lot of these influencers have a lot of children and teens amongst their followers (think beauty vloggers on YouTube). Most countries have laws regulating advertising aimed at minors. By using popular social media channels brands can circumvent this limitation by simply buying advertising space from local influencers with predominantly teen or pre-teen follower demographics. You can write down your master password somewhere, or share it with a loved one. This is no different from having backups for important data. You can't easily backup your iris, face, or fingerprints. > All the banks are considering some form of biometric authentication for ATMs First I've heard of this. Is this a regional thing or a global trend? Got any sources? > Iris scanners […] Iris scanners for authentication kind of lost their appeal to me after watching Demolition Man. From the interview: > The other thing that’s built into this law and the surrounding policies […] they’ve changed two legal principles. It’s not ‘innocent before being proven guilty,’ it’s ‘preponderance of evidence,’ and it’s not intent, it’s outcome. Those transformations are so far reaching, it’s almost unimaginable. From a legal standpoint changing the law in such a way that well-intended social behaviour ("Excuse me miss, did you hand in your term paper on [topic] yet?", said the professor to the female student) would become punishable by law in case the observer of that action was offended is pretty draconian. I think there is a set of basic computer skills that can help one manage their personal finances and basic administration, safely maintain (backup) a collection of important digital documents (including personal photos, but also things like scans of diploma's and such), and author neat letters and a resume for formal correspondence or job hunting. Regardless of their future career, people should probably be taught how to use a word processor (use styles, hierarchically outline your document, basic sensible typography) and spreadsheet software at school, along with basic internet skills (particularly with regards to finding reliable information and understanding the pros and cons of social media). None of these skills require any programming knowledge. It does imply that the user is not (sufficiently) aware of the difference between a browser and a for-profit search engine. It's a type of behaviour that makes people dependent on a service where no dependency is needed. Also, how many of these users are both aware that they are sharing large parts of their browsing behaviour with Google and are okay with that? The author of the article mentions Signal as well, but how do you handle communication from a laptop or desktop computer and/or with people who don't own an Android or IOS smartphone? Doesn't that mean that it will usually — but not guaranteed always — be unique? That is, won't there always be a (minute and negligible depending on the intended use) chance of collision? > MS Word is the only game in town, like it or not. That's stretching it. Most companies are totally fine with PDF these days, not in the least because it is WYSIWYG for screen and print and just works. Looks a lot more professional too; especially if you are looking for a job in IT. When recruiters or temp agencies ask for Word documents, they want this because then they can strip out all your personal data and pass the documents on to the companies (their customers) looking for employees. With PDF they need to do more work. Tests are great for dyslexic colleagues as well. A good clear concise unit test is often easier to grasp than the best of API documentation (e.g., JavaDoc in Java). In The Netherlands plastic bags can no longer be given away for free since the beginning of this year (some messy foodstuffs are excepted; e.g., the fishmonger). Shops are free to decide what to charge (mostly €0,10 to €0,25) but the overall effect is that people are (again) getting in the habit of bringing their own reusable bags along. You can also make DuckDuckGo the default search engine in Firefox' location bar. That way anything that is not a URL is treated as a search query. I particularly like !wen for Wikipedia and !wikt for Wiktionary. Out of the three common GPU brands found in computers nowadays, Intel's integrated GPUs have mostly been a very pleasant experience for the end user when installing any GNU/Linux distribution. It just works without any additional work. If AMD manages to reach that level of out-of-the-box working graphics driver, that will definitely reflect positively on their brand of graphics cards, and might give them an advantage over Nvidia. I suspect that working with the kernel developers and maintainers will also be beneficial to the driver itself. It seems to me that for cooperating you gain valuable feedback on your code from people well-versed in kernel and driver code. > Btw, you can also just use !w for Wikipedia. Yeah, but there is one caveat; !w will send you to the Wikipedia language matching the region DuckDuckGo is currently set at. So if you just did a search with the regional limiter set to The Netherlands, !w will send you to the Dutch Wikipedia. This is not usually what you would want for non-regional information. Without the region set it does take you to the English Wikipedia. !wen is always the English Wikipedia. > Wi-fi thermostat with an API - no 3rd part website needed. Why can't they all be this way? Because without that third-party website the company selling you the gear (hopefully) has no access to the data you are generating — anything from trivial and benign telemetry to full-scale data harvesting. The vendor can also easily reach you for advertising new products and services, because you keep coming to them. For some vendors this may be an integral part of their business model. Technically, it is also harder to let you turn on the thermostat from 100km away if you have to host the API yourself; not all ISPs support hosting your own services (some even forbid it). That third-party website is much easier to host, and if your smart appliance cannot be reached directly by calling its API, it can probably still poll its vendors central service to see if any commands are waiting for it. Ads apparently work. Either by impression (you notice the ad, and the brand gains a tiny bit of reputation in your unconscious mind) or by directly engaging you (“40% off on 'item'! That's actually a pretty good deal!”). Large corporations wouldn't advertise online if they didn't have metrics that back up that claim. If advertising online in November meant a significant rise in sales, then apparently buying the ads worked. People are viewing them. This doesn't mean that ads work equally well with every viewer, and it certainly does not imply that ads are beneficial to the viewer, but it does mean that ads do generate income. I agree that ads can be part of a problem for a lot of folk, and I recommend anyone I see browsing without an ad-blocker to install one of course. And of course an honourable mention for the Wilhelm Scream, which will delight/haunt you for the rest of your film watching life after learning about it. I wonder if it is being used less these days? Assuming malicious/unethical intent, wouldn't the act of submitting that form add some non-trivial pieces of data about yourself? It lets them know you value your privacy and that you possess a certain degree of computer literacy. It also lets them know you (still) exist (the certainty factor of your profile increases). What I would really like is to end up in a situation where email clients all support text/markdown. It really hits the sweet spot between plain text and HTML. It has enough structure to show a nice outline, and the triple back-tick syntax is great for marking bits of text as code. All without specifying how everything should look. You can read it as unformatted text, or let the mail client format everything in a style you like. This is sort-of like HTML without CSS (using the client's default stylesheet), but also very well readable as unformatted text, and free from the abuse of HTML email. Alas. More and more companies are giving up on plain text email (even though this is required by the standard), and simply send you a hyperlink to click if you have plain text as your viewing preference for email. > If you send markdown emails right now, what's the problem? If you structure plain text emails with MarkDown nothing is wrong per se, but if clients can also highlight (in a text editor like plain text view) or format (in a HTML like view), than there is significant added value for a lot of users, without the downsides of HTML email. It seems like a good alternative for selling your second hand phone though (as in the blog post linked). What's wrong with the notion of an escrow service? For high value items the extra protection may be worth it. Maven facilitates downloading all dependencies in one go, exactly for this scenario: mvn dependency:copy-dependencies And when you build a project once, all downloaded dependencies are cached locally indefinitely. That is, you can furnish a Maven build with offline dependencies. Normally you do want to simply have your build download (and cache locally) a new version of a dependency, but an internet connection is not required if you have the dependencies available locally. Maven will always look in your local repository first, and will not try to download anything, except if you are depending on a SNAPSHOT version of something (which implies that the build should always check for a newer version). Never saw something like this before… It looks kinda nice on HN though. To be fair that discussion about dropping support for IE9 took place over 18 months ago — that is a long time in browser age. Bootstrap is following in the footsteps of a bunch of other JavaScript libraries and frameworks that dropped IE9 (so all the arguments are pretty much known), and by now IE9 is that much more of a marginal browser that supporting it is in no one's interest. Ember certainly has a very pleasant way of discussing these matters, and for dropping support for IE10 or IE11 that would be a fair way to do it now at the end of 2016, but there's just not much to be gained from a discussion about dropping IE9 support at this point. I've noticed that a lot of the feedback on AliExpress comes from Russia, Eastern European countries, and the assorted former Soviet Union satellite states. Do you know why it is so popular there? Is it a lack of local web shops? From what I can tell AliExpress is mostly popular as a cheap source of (low voltage) electrical components here in The Netherlands. People buy clothing from local web shops (or traditional brick and mortar shops) due to speed, quality, and friendly returns policies though. It's worth finishing I think — I enjoyed it, but that's not much to go on — but it is definitely the type of book that should remain unique in your collection. The eighties pop reference angle is interesting for those of us who had parts of their childhood in the eighties, but it is not something you would want to see repeated in a second or third book. A gimmick that works well once. Reminds me of House of Leaves (Danielewski), which employs typography and layered (fictional) authors in a very compelling and unique manner. I can't imagine ever reading another book like that though (although I know I'll enjoy rereading it in the future). Any copy-cat would seem like cheap clone compared to the original. I've read all six novels of David Brin's Uplift trilogies this past year. If you enjoy sci-fi written with a sound grasp of ecological issues and an intriguing take on galactic society, have a look at these books. Also, dolphins in space. If you are unfamiliar with this author, you may remember him from his essay on a particular persistent trope in sci-fi writing linked on HN: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13040930 I enjoyed the Uplift series (written in the eighties and nineties) a lot, and was pleasantly surprised to learn of a short story bundle that came out just this year. It includes a novelette that takes place in the Uplift universe, wrapping up some loose ends. The story bundle is named Insistence of Vision, named for the opening story. The name is indubitably a nod to John Varley's (sublime!) short story The Persistence of Vision (also the name of the story bundle it is collected in, recommended for any sci-fi fan). I always find short sci-fi stories refreshing in that they provide a chance to explore more radical ideas and settings that would be hard to facilitate in longer works. Brin is one of those authors who succeeds in titillating the reader's imagination with interesting what-ifs and extrapolations without feeling contrived. Recommended.