>...get ahead of the game and just start paying your subscription fees already Sorry but I am staying behind and happy like a clam as I save tons of money. Those subscriptions are like a death by the thousand cuts. So maybe it is profitable for those big corps but I do not give rats ... about their profits. I care about mine ;) That is exactly why I use Delphi when doing GUI apps on Windows. Single GUI framework that works like a charm for more then 20 years. It is very unfashionable to say mildly but it is the fastest tool to get things done for Windows GUI apps. I actually tried most and ended up with Delphi as ticking most checkboxes in my big list list. Granted I am an ISV and could care less about what other think about popularity of the tools I choose. Always pick what suits me. As for finding developers: that does not seem to be a a problem if one knows how/where to look. LOL. I never really strayed from this one on Windows. Everything else came with big limitations on what one can do. "Step out of your Silicon Valley bubble" ... I have Business Fiber Internet package from Bell in my house in Toronto. Residential area far from city core with an old houses, definitely not a Silicon Valley. 1000 up and down. It costs me $80 Canadian pesos. Not bad. I do not consume books. I read them I've never understood the so called advantages of dynamic typing. To me it looks like a land mine in one's project waiting to blow at run time. And what for? Do developers code so fast that the time spent on typing something like "int i" will provide any real savings? Now vendors are trying to patch those with bolted on top syntax extensions/derived languages that need to be transpiled. What a mess. This logic transpiles(TM) to this in my brain: a) I am messing around and need to write 10 lines of code. Can I write it fast and without thinking? Sure and not needing to type int/float/whatever will save me couple of seconds. If I iterate and rewrite that short piece 10 times then I just saved 20 seconds. Chirp chirp ... . Do I need special language for just that? Lemme guess ... b) I am messing around and need to write few hundred or thousands lines of code. Can I write it fast? Maybe but it is likely that good chunk of time will be spent thinking. I doubt that at this point not declaring type will save anything worth noticing. But that of course is my opinion Depending on library used it can actually be the same amount of lines. The lines are a bit longer of course. Example auto obj = JSON(text); int age = obj.["persons"][3]["age"]; It is not in my opinion. With modern development tools/frameworks providing memory leaks detection I have completely forgotten when was the last time that my programs leaked memory. And I write complex high performance game servers that run for months non stop. You just have to acquire certain culture/behavior when writing code. I did not have time to really look at it but if at some point they will accomplish everything in their roadmap it will be one heck of a development tool. Love it. for c/c++ I use Visual Leak Detector and Valgrind. For Delphi/FreePascal/Lazarus there are built-in tools and also MadExcept . Behavior/patterns are different depending on task/language but generally when writing code if I want to allocate anything I first write deallocation code. Oh sweet memories I have created almost identical implementation of this as an embeddable library in a year 2000 along with proprietary SQL language. The reason was that my client had inventory of products with some crazy amount of attributes and each product can have its own set and the client kept changing, creating, deleting those. It was in memory but with persistence and atomic transactions. No history though. It was blindingly fast on complex queries. And the schema of the database was kept as a set of entities with some predefined names, values and range of id's . For a while I was contemplating releasing it as a standalone product but as I had enough tasks on my plate decided not to do it. Kinda feel sorry now ;( So all in all very close by idea. Couple of times I saw programs written in Russian versions of Basic and some other, forgot which one. Never mind programming even trying to understand it blew my brains out. Russian being my native language I could never imagine writing software in it. I also have the same feelings about the songs as you just described. So all in all completely agree with you. "...Scientists writing open-source software often lack formal training in software engineering, which means that they might never have learnt best practices for code documentation and testing..." This is the most ridiculous statement. I had chance to work in either environment. Having that experience for the quality of the end result I will take scientist (preferably physicist or mathematician) with self taught software development skills over formally trained agile guru any time. Of course there are exceptions but ... I was talking about scientists who switched from science to writing software as a product for whatever reason. They surely produce good docs (properly documenting their work is the very basis of being scientist). As for writing imperative code in C/C++/Whatever other language they seem to choose: nothing is wrong with that. Again, from my experience university educated scientists are better educated and as a result could better understand the actual problems needed to be solved and find very good and practical ways to accomplish it. As for what goes for "formal training" in modern colleges. Well I better not go there. "...It's talking about scientists that did NOT switch to writing software as a product, but as merely a way to accomplish their primary scientific goals. ..." Sure, for this they would do what is just enough to solve their specific problem. Just as ANY sound business would do. Imperative programming and components are 2 different things. The latter could be implemented with numerous approaches including imperative programming Exactly my thoughts. "Agile is not science-based, it is an ad hoc bag of techniques that seem to have merit" Each participant of "Agile" development should have this hung on their work place. It is even cooler when one considers how much those eGPU enclosures cost, never mind lack of nVidia support on those. So you say that as long as you kill foreigners it is ok comparatively to state killing their own? "So how come we got this smartphone crap, instead of actual portable computers that could, among other things, work as cellphones" I think because they care about milking users, not about them being creative. I myself is very disappointed about what smartphone could've been for people and what it actually is. It is an unsavory set of questions that has no bearing on practical work, also implementation dependent. The answer is: No, I do not know C or any other language for that matter. I know some implementations of various languages just enough to write sound and readable code. And as I forced to use a bit more languages than I like I rely on local/Internet search to keep my brains concentrated on accomplishing the actual task rather then effing them up trying to figure out some esoteric constructs. Not to worry. Dev community will quickly release new and shiny interpreter of interpreter. That'll take care of performance gains ;) While I do not care about / immune to FB, Twitter, etc etc, I liked the first comment I saw on that page: "I really don’t need Woz or anyone else telling me what I need to do!" I might be naive but I do admire what he did to save his employees held hostage in Iran. Why should not they mix ? I now mostly work on high level code (C++, Python, Delphi/FreePascal/Javascript/etc ). But every once in a while fun project comes in. For example I had no problem creating 4 quadrant torque driven 3 phase AC motor controller using AT90USB1286 microcontroller from Atmel. Granted I did not use assembly for programming as plain C was good enough. Or police light flashing pattern controller on PIC32MX795. Fun fun fun ;) Ok. At some point in the future the browser/wasm will have won. So instead of Linux/Windows/OSX we will have Firefox/Safari/Chrome/Whatever all with their own implementation gotchas, missing features and performance loss. All for the sake of browser vendors trying to displace the existing native deployment platforms. They sure have nice financial incentive. Why do we - developers fall into this trap? We've been there quite a few times already, with cross platform standards. No matter what vendors will fsck'em up with proprietary things. I am partially an ISV and we provide pure native application for Windows at the moment. No UWP/.NET/APP_STORE/WHATEVER . It is digitally signed and distributed by downloading from our web site. So far no problem. Since we've been in business a number of years there are no any browser/OS/Antivirus level warning boxed during downloading and installation. There is no free lunch in this universe. For big applications like CAD there will be nothing "instant" for in case of deployment as web apps. Downloading native packed archive and running install may actually be faster. Yeah, right. Compilers do not deal with the difference in presence / absence and different implementations of various features on different platforms, be it native OS or Browser OS. "...Last but not least, web developers are the biggest pool to hire from..." For boiler plate business web apps sure. And while those are probably being prevalent the world does not stop there. "yes, this is way forward." - I don't think so I am not sure about "most people" but I use fair number of applications (not including software development tools here as they do not pass"most people" criteria ) and none of those are streamed. Every time I try anything web based, online Tetris excepted ;) it sucks one or the other way "Companies are running webapps on embedded devices now" - sure my router and some of my own private hardware have web interfaces. It is however just a tiny bit of their functionality. The rest leaves happily as native code. I think the way forward is to stop worry too much. Like you really gonna be worrying running "flight simulator". I think it is a FUD designed mostly to support big and cloudy providers. Those are the real entities one should worry about. They spy 24x7 . Why? I've had that clean painless install on Windows like forever. My installs are always a single executable that copies itself to a proper place, gets any data if needed from company website and when uninstalled leaves no trace on a system. Never touched registry. There is nothing here that calls for "starting from scratch" And by then you will have discovered that your software can not do this and that after being relegated to a lowest common denominator state. I would disagree I have used many. PowerBuilder is absolutely atrocious. Delphi is brilliant and there is a whole range in between. I do not mind creating GUI in code either for applications that work with GPU but would still prefer Delphi like environment, I do. Not necessarily because of dick space but because this bloat on applications with rather limited functionality usually comes with being memory hog, sluggishness and otherwise unpleasant experience. This question was asked numerous times on every bike/trainer related discussion board. They handle just fine. I have my carbon bike on a trainer like 5 years already every winter and part of spring I have this nasty feeling that for the scale mentioned the whole logic can be safely run on a single high performance server with the decent database. Those little servers around can either run on the same server or placed on separate server/s around the main one. All nice and simple and no distributed transaction problems. Maybe it is "incredibly expensive", can't argue with this. Have hot standby database servers then located elsewhere. Still way simpler Leave it alone. It is perfect. ;) LOL. I would just call it common sense. ;) I am curious how modern architects would approach the situation I really feel for those who fall victim of this huge companies that under various disguises trying to get full control of people's lives and business. I am lucky that so far I have managed to avoid all this walled garden madness. All of my products so far are either desktop based or browser based and servers are hosted on my own/rented hardware, no cloudy stuff. Other than paying for security certificates every now and then I have no interaction with the "authorities of the Internet" Frankly I do not understand why do people submit to this kind of stewardship To be fair they bring a boatloads of innovation. It is how said innovations are being used. As for "their day will come": so far I only see the opposite. That "your life as a service" pattern spreads like a cancer. Not sure why people are buying into it. "why everyone does not make their own souffles" - I am not only developer. I am also a customer. And I avoid those McDonalds of the Internet like a plague. Not always successful but mostly. I sure use FAANG where it is irreplaceable. As developer I use Azure, Github, etc for example for my consulting gigs where clients demand it. Also guilty using Amazon, Netflix personally. Network card that I buy from Amazon is not any different from the one I get in my local computer store. But I also have my own products. And for those you will not find any trace of FAANG in there. I just do not need their "added value" and them squeezing my you know what. Just to give you an idea: my so called smartphone has offline GPS program, cycling computer and obviously voice calls and camera. Texting is disabled and no data plan. Yes I do understand that I have more knowledge than many people (former scientist), still that ready submission to anything attitude that I see more and more is definitely different from something that I saw for example 20 years ago Agree with everything except the tests. Ususlly do not need those but id did happen couple of times when I wanted to be absolutely sure that the person can work in particular domain. Basically take it home and come back in a week or whenever you feel like. The test was the actual problem but greatly simplified and should not take more then a day to solve so the person gets paid for a day. If they go down that's be a big pita. Way too many unknowns to give meaningful advice. However unless you believe that you've developed a money printing machine you can do the following: Say you spent 1 year developing it. Say you believe your fair salary for that year is XXX pesos and you've also incurred YYY pesos in expenses. So calculate the final price as (3.14 * XXX + YYY * 2 ) and offer to sell at this price. Well, make it 2.98 instead. Comes from "take your estimate and multiply by Pi ;)" I think 1:3 ratio is about right. If you do not agree you are more then welcome to make your own number Ouch At the very first glance: what is wrong with function xxx() instead of fn xxx() what are we trying to save here? Also would be nice to do import instead of @import . More readable I think. Afraid to dig deeper as I do not have time to play with the languages that I can not yet use in production. I only noticed that after reading your reply. To me, unless one wears wolf skin it would not even register in my mind. I can't even fathom what would poor Quickbooks ever do without Apple "gently breaking stuff". I skipped Vista completely (except one machine I used to test my software with) and went to Win 7. Same thing with Win 8. Luckily for GUI apps I've had enough "wisdom" and am only using Win32. Delphi (another shining example of backwards compatibility and being TRUE RAD) has shielded me from writing too much code for functional GUIs. So I mostly work on improving functionality and feature set rather than chasing whatever latest tech/framework is in vogue at the moment. Most of them come and go. Especially in web development. Should they? Maybe it is not that pretty but it is functional. Many modern sites on the other hand show big nothing picture that one has to scroll down and hunt for info. And I love that light grey text on white background which is nigh to impossible to read for many not so young eyes. And since they have pretty specific product I am pretty sure that their customers do not give a flying hoot about how the site looks. They need specific functionality from the product "Mac users are trained to care." Wrong set of priorities I think. And how are they being "trained"? They go to special courses or they just listen to a big ads telling them what they should like? I am going multiplatform for my new GUI apps and I am actually considering game engines / rendering libs of which there are plenty. Depending on design and particular engine/rendering library used there could be no problems at all. If we are talking say business UI on top of GPU accelerated graphics lib (no heavy 3d assets stuffed in regular and GPU RAM) you could run multiple instances with no problems. Yup. Davinci is what we use for our VR video production part. I am not entirely sure what qualifies for being "competent C++ devs". My thinking goes that it is kinda hard to imagine competent developer in general (never mind C++) not having knowledge about async patterns. From what I understand there is no real "performance" in said test. Just a bunch of idle connections doing big nothing and eating all CPU time with garbage collection. Second that. In my life I did everything from programming in pure machine codes (big device control, data processing an presentation system) to modern firmware to desktop apps with multimedia and high performance graphics to back end enterprise grade middleware like business process servers, publish subscribe, NoSql, etc. etc, To me they were not that different in difficulty. Just different scope techniques and tooling. For example by concepts message passing part in that machine code system and large publish subscribe looked very close. Chrome free (except checking if my web stuff works) for over 3 month already I remember our salesmen back in 90's cobbling together some Visual Basic or whatever it was called. So where it is now? I would agree about "magic" parts. " impenetrable unreadable perl-esq garbage write-once-read-never code " - I had about the same impression when I first saw it. I think ternary operator is as far as I am willing to go ;) I know a company, they have a floor filled with developers who think that Python is the best thing since sliced bread and any other language is abomination Too bad you can not use it to write those libraries ;) I just made a note. I do not really give a flying hoot to what happens to Python. I only use it in places I do some consulting since they require it. I do not use it for my own products. People are walking into corporate traps left and right. Too bad. they should turn on their brains every once in a while. I was given iPad as a gift some years ago (they also gave a receipt). After playing with it for few hours and discovering that it does not let me do the thing I want I promptly returned it to the store for nice refund ;) " The Platonic ideal of OOP is a sea of decoupled objects that send stateless messages to one another. No one really makes software like that, and Brian points out that it doesn’t even make sense: objects need to know which other objects to send messages to, and that means they need to hold references to one another. Most of the video is about the pain that happens trying to couple objects for control flow, while pretending that they’re decoupled by design " What a bunch of baloney. My products ofetn live in this exact platonic world: class instances running in multiple threads send and receive asynchronous messages through internal pub/sub bus without knowing much about each other at all. All is working just fine, controlling devices, doing data processing, GPU accelerated display and whatnot. Has nothing to do with Erlang in particular I've written these in c/c++/object-pascal. Implemented my first reliable multicast, pub/sub and state machine engine back in the 90s when I could not afford TIBCO and the likes ;) Warning, since I've never written line of Rust code never mind working with Tokio I might be just full of it. If that's the case please forgive me ;) From a short glance my understanding of Tokio is that at high level it is an execution environment that basically implements data exchange protocols based on asynchronous io. Then they say the following: Tokio is built around futures. Futures aren’t a new idea, but the way Tokio uses them is unique. Unlike futures from other languages, Tokio’s futures compile down to a state machine So the question here is why not to expose generic state machine framework (FSM/HSM) which can deal with those protocols but is also very useful for many other tasks as well? Congrats to authors and good luck. Have a question. I do pay for few things (netflix, amazon prime and couple of others). Their services are natural candidate in my opinion for being billed monthly. Now everyone my cats included are trying to sell their wares however small they are as a service. If I've paid monthly fee for every notepad sized program I use I'd be out of commission. How does this business model manage to survive is puzzling to me. So, a protocol can be implemented as a FSM completely independently of Tokio / futures and then used from Tokio But that was the point of my question. Since you've already built that FSM framework inside, why not to expose it? Or I guess it might be too specialized for your particular case. If there IS A SERVICE. Releasing new version of software is not really service, Netflix is. If new version is compelling enough I'll upgrade, if not then it is vendor's problem. As a customer I could care less what suits better for Vendor. I am not paying $5-10 or even more/month 100 times. That is insanity. What's the problem asking experienced developer to learn F#? That is course assuming they do not refuse the work? I am seeing it all the time when consulting for companies. Their developers just love taking relatively small things and turning it into multilayered monster with insane amount of dependencies for code, development building pipelines and deployment. Your original point was about inability to recruit developers. That is why I asked. From my experience it was never a problem for seasoned developer to get a grip on new language barring few very exotic cases. I completely understand other factors in enterprise. The minute you stopped paying for service is the minute you loose it. With software updates you can still use the old software just fine. So, no I would not consider it a form of subscription. Lemme give you very particular example. I own old copy of DxO labs software for processing photos. It suits me just fine and works like a charm despite it being 4 years old. they keep sending me offers to upgrade to new version with new features at very attractive price. If one day the old one stops working for me for whatever reason I will upgrade then. But I have already saved tons of money on just this software alone never mind whole bunch of other titles that I bought. Being paranoid helps. My pipelines never pull images from the hub, I always store those locally. That's right. Update on on-need basis only. Do not fix what's working ;) For what you mentioned you might consider Sencha (assuming you want to pay as they're not exactly cheap). Here is the demo page with all their visual components: https://examples.sencha.com/extjs/7.0.0/examples/kitchensink... " Is it that you already know the languages they advertise are good, or that you don't want to know? " How about do not care option. There are many decent languages to choose from, some general, some targeting particular areas. They're just tools. With this transformation, microservice architectures have become the standard for building cloud native applications, and it is predicated that by 2022, 90% of new apps will feature microservice architectures Wet dreams and bunch of propaganda. I was gonna run this through bullshit detector but it choked and died halfway through I got another question. Why don't those prophets leave intelligent people alone and let them use whatever tooling/approach they find appropriate for solving particular problem instead of heating the air trying to propagate/force whatever ideology they carry. Some interesting things are there. As a laptop I have HP omen 15", i7 6 Cores, 32GB Ram, nVidia 1070 GPU and 2 SSDs (500GB and 1TB). I paid $1800 Canadian Pesos for it. Has Windows and Linux Mint on it. Works like a charm. I can only imagine what would Mac with the same power cost. Sure it is not as thin as Mac but what do I care. Al my laptops are gaming type. They can work properly without overheating/throttling " Like it or not, the closed ecosystem of iOS provides more value to end users " Is there any "official" proof for this statement? To me closed ecosystem of iOs (and semi closed Android for that matter) look truly pathetic comparatively to what I have on Windows/Linux desktop " So in line with that they're simultaneously crafting the beginnings of Russia's version of the Chinese firewall " What they actually doing is making sure that their internal internet based infrastructure does not depend on what POTUS de jour feel like. Russia once had been threatened to be cut off from the Visa and other financial services and that had led them to create their own payment system. After the lesson like this one has to be the ultimate fool to leave one of the most important infrastructure to be controlled by foreign entities. Trying to spin it as Russia vs democracy is just a propaganda on it's own. Huh? What does that have to do with this? I was countering the point about closed system "being better" for users. Not the technical merits of control " They want it to just work and be secure ". - Says you, not "they". "Them" standard users do not even know what secure is. As for "just work" - nothing "just works" in the software business. It is snake oil " Not healthy way " - this is interesting. I think that the industry is in a business of making money. They do not give rat's a$$ about what is best for customer. What they do instead is they try to "educate" said customer to swallow their hook, line and sinker. Apple is very successful in this business. I am not here to claim that Russia is all nice and fluffy. But their stated goal for making infrastructure independent from the West is totally legit. It makes 100% sense. The rest is all guesses and speculations. This type of propaganda is an insult to human intelligence. What, the author is hoping that the readers underwent a lobotomy? In tech world languages are like a religion. Their choice does not really have to make sense. Hence unless it is 100% total proven failure the affiliates will try any means to protect/advocate/spread whatever language they like. I do not use ANY cloud for my business/private accounts. I just host my main and backup servers here and there with providers I can switch to / from in a flick of a finger. The only "cloud" I tolerate is buying stuff from the watching movies on Netflix and shopping on Amazon and likes. Of course when consulting and client demands it I work with the Azure/Github/etc but that is the extent of my involvement. Anything that happens on that front becomes a client problem. Not mine. "I don't think I've ever met a developer who didn't want to rewrite their predecessor's code and that includes the one I see in the mirror" Allow me to introduce myself ;) I mostly work on new products and rewriting to me just a waste of time. I am interested in creating features that give actual ROI. The only time I rewrite a piece of code is if said piece presents a major problem (bugs, performance etc) If users care about their own data the best thing they could do is to stop using smart phones and signing up to google, facebook, saas providers etc. etc. They would leak your data with the efficiency any pirate will be jealous of. Can I please have some links to unbiased reports with real world data on how much damage is attributed to the use of C vs other languages? Not from the entities you mentioned as they all have their own agenda. Otherwise what you say sounds more like unsubstantiated FUD. I very much prefer to exercise alone. The last thing I want is someone yelling at me and telling what to do. I can pretty much figure it out on my own. As for social interactions, I have real friends with whom I spend real time which pretty much takes care of my "mental health" assuming it is in danger ;) I do not like Pelotom at all. Do not like Zwift either as their graphics sucks and view of bazillion animated cyclists around me does not add value either. I guess this is because I love cycling but do not really care about racing. For racing crowd I guess Zwift can make more sense. I very much prefer software with so called Real Life Video (Tacx TDA, Veloreality, etc) for my indoor training in winter. The scenery is way more inspiring on big screen TV. Comes summer, forget indoors. I love cycling and swimming in open water. No software would ever come even remotely close. DCRainmaker was valuable source in the beginning (still somewhat is) but not so much now. His reviews and opinions at least in regards to cycling software lately are far from unbiased >But I also know that you can have so much sugar you fall into a diabetic coma. Exactly my feelings. Same thing here started from machine code and now doing everything else including kitchen sink >...interest free 24 month loan Getting a loan to buy a friggin phone? It does look like a status symbol to me. I'v always paid in full for my phones. No contract. Granted my phones are cheap as the only thing I care about them doing anything other then phone calls is off-line GPS software and cycling computer. My current $200 Canadian Redmi Note 5 does this just fine and has quite decent camera as well. Do not even have data plan on a friggin thing. I was just expressing my own opinion about "status symbol". Why would I care about being in line with whatever "longitudinal trends" there are >If the majority of people can get a product, how can it be a status symbol? Simple. If you have it you're ok. if not you are a marginal Well I can't know all intricate details but I've heard and not once from my friend's kids something in line of: but dad everyone has an iPhone and I must have one too. Maybe it is not representative but that's what I've heard. On top of that I got customers for my software and ones that own Mac/iOS are are shall I say very vocal. Here is the literal quote: when are you guys going to have your product for Mac? You should know that Windows sucks and no one will take your product seriously. All my friends have Mac and iPhone. It does sound like they feel being belong to some higher level Machine code. Was actually typing it on big roll of paper and then crawling around it pretending to be a debugger 1) JavaScript is NOT C. 2) There is nothing wrong with C. It was DESIGNED to service specific needs and does that just fine 3) I think this obsession with "safe languages" is being taken too far. Safety does not come free, we pay for it. Mostly in performance which is a valuable "feature" for many types of software. Not gobbling all computer memory running "Hello world" helps too. Besides automatic memory management and "everything is immutable" does not really make software safe either. I did read the article and also the manufacturer's web site. Left virtually speechless. Did not think marketing can reach such heights. What else to expect? Being left at the mercy of trade sanctions policies of other states is not the smartest move. The only question left is funds and China has those aplenty. C/C++ have enough tools to detect and get rid of memory leaks. Quite frankly memory safety ceased being a practical problem to me years ago. > But really isn't it just us trusting Gmail not to pull our access Nope, not trusting Google and I do not use it (or any other cloudy stuff) to keep what is mine. This may be GANs as the author stated but the end result looks surprisingly similar to a bunch of pixel shaders making transitions between source and target images with said transitions driven either by pure algorithms and/or derived from blurred images themselves. I've implemented music visualizer ages ago using similar concepts (pure algos though, no real images). It happened when nVidia released the first affordable consumer video card with decent shader support. I think it was 6600GT . My animation part that made video dance to music was a bit more sophisticated though. The music animation code worked something like this: 1) Each of my pixel shaders was driven by let's say 32 parameters (do not remember the exact value) 2) The code would generate first set of said parameters and the second set (values were random) and start transitioning ( lerp ) between 2 with the length of transition of about 60 seconds. 3) Upon completion of the transition the first set would be replaced by second set and the second set would be replaced by freshly generated third set and an infinum. 4) Seps 2 and 3 allowed for non stop fluid motion. 5) Lerp value the degree of transition between sets for each parameter would be modulated by sound (one FFT band for each also passed through synth like attack / decay. 6) Finally there was beat detection part which upon detecting a beat would invert lerp direction There were more steps and various tricks to make it more interesting and non repetitive but I am not writing article here ;) The end result was quite artistic. The visualizer was part of much bigger enterprise grade media playback / management / delivery /scheduling platform I've developed for hospitality industry "But it never amounts to anything close to a debate about what language I should use." So if your task was to deliver let's say commercial grade FFT library ( substitute with any other long computationally extensive process ) for consumption by others you would write it in Python? Simple question leads to downvoting? Looks like we have a knight in shining armor protecting the castle of Python. If this is "predicated by the type of work" then why make generic statement? Am I the one being obtuse? I do not see any bad faith here. I just disagreed to the original point. Anyways it looks to me that anything said against Python is big no. Btw. I do use Python, for complex shell scripts mostly. There is nothing condescending and arrogant here. It looks like the other side is being way too touchy. Anyways I got the message: stay away from anything that questions Python being the best thing since sliced bread. IMO a good an practical idea would be to write it in C/C++, expose as flat C API and then offer wrappers in whatever popular consumer languages there are (python included). The world of software does not end with Python Not sure how they start but sure look generic when they end like this: There's ways I'll insist that Python is the best at [x], and ways I'll concede some other language is better at [y]. But it never amounts to anything close to a debate about what language I should use Anyways I should know better then discuss Python And why would anyone write FFT code anyway? Robust implementations exist already The FFT was just an example, you can substitute it with any SolveTheWorldHunger computationally extensive algo One point in favour of the Python-first way is that you can prototype and test much quicker in Python than in languages that are closer to the metal. Interestingly I've found something quite opposite for computational algorithms. The problem was that execution of Python under debugger was unbearably slow for me (I used VS Code for this case). So waiting until the code gets to the point I need was not fun. With C however it would get there almost instantly. Compile time for isolated computational function was nearly instant as well. Maybe debugging under VS code was the culprit but I did not feel that for this particular task Python was any more interactive than plain C. "The point is more that I'd go so far as to avoid taking a job or gravitating towards a project where the development would not be enjoyable based on the tools I'd have to use." I can definitely understand this point of view. Well sorta. I was/am always goal oriented. I find satisfaction in creating a product used by other people. The actual process of implementation is 90% boring work and language for me is just a tool. I do not get too excited by languages. "And you'd find that Python is a go-to language for people writing such algorithms." If it works for them, sure. Did not work for me. Actually there were some problems (very long procedures I think would be one example). Other then that compatibility shines. If we are talking client side JS I think they're just trying to solve the problems that desktop had solved ages ago. And they keep smashing heads in a process. Nothing can be "everything to everyone". People are different. No point in trying to conquer the world. FreePascal is language/compiler and Lazarus is an IDE. Lazarus IDE runs on all major platforms and produces native code. Suitable for anything starting from system code and up to complex GUI apps. this strikes me as different from anything that was possible before the recent advances in GANs - well this is because you did not see my vis. It looked just like the one you saw on GAN's related link with similar transitions. Except that all imagery was generated by math formulas running in pixel shaders instead of ready bitmaps/videos. Here is the actual screenshot: https://exsotron.com/exs_files/exvis-0003.jpg Actually I played with the actual music video clips as a source of the imagery and the results were really cool but obviously other then experiment at home could not really do this part due to copyrights etc. I assume you are >35, you grew up at a time that people were think about the performance more than the readability, that was the bottleneck back then. From the old fart: conflating performance conscious code with the lack of readability is plain wrong. Satisfying dependency can be setting up some pointer to a function, passing an instance of already created interface, asking some factory to supply it etc. etc. As in everything in life there is no single universal answer on what is the best way to accomplish the task. What one uses in practice depends very much from problem complexity, one's experience / personal preferences, implementation language / environment features etc. etc. I think there is no real need to dwell over the subject without knowing particular context I do some consulting as well. Same thing, total python on back-end servers. All young programmers, some calling themselves pythonistas. Many actively support green movement to the point of wearing "green" labeled clothes. I loved their reaction when I showed them a table outlining energy consumption of python vs C (75 times difference). Summary: we do not really want you to work for us, we are too busy trying to understand WTF do we really want. Amount of BS the article is staggering IMO When I was trying to decipher it I thought it was written by somebody in a state of delirium . I loved it, very cool I have a very unique way of picking my nose. Just waiting when the scientists will get around to study it That was then: https://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/google/7503641/Sergey... And this is now. Do no evil my a$$ Mr. Sergey Brin. Hypocrite is your middle name. Yeah, yeah I know, it is all big bad shareholders On one hand I am not fond of Apple in general at all. On the other hand when I see developers using Electron as a GUI layer I think it is pure insanity. It is an absolute resource and performance hog that in my opinion has no place outside of browsers context. Ones that come to mind right away and support most popular OSs: 1) wxWidgets 2) QT 3) Delphi with Firemonkey 4) Lazarus Whole bunch of other which you are welcome to Google and explore Also it depends on your type of application but I am seriously considering using 3D rendering library as a basis for multiplatform GUI. This one does not look too native but it looks like it may be the leanest, fastest option. This would require some groundwork first. I wish software patents were eliminated as a whole but here at least something. All my work ( my own ventures and consulting ) was remote since 2000. Sure there were some real meetings with subcontractors and customers but I think it was less the 3% time wise in total. There are programmers who can easily replace 3-4 and even more average programmers. How they structure their time is not your concern. As an employer you should have reasonable expectations in regards to what you should get from particular employee / contractor and if those expectations are met then the rest is not your business. If they're not met then the employee should be shown virtual door out. If however the employer can not see whether they get what they pay for without employee sitting in the office then said employer has bigger problems. And these employers will be scammed / fallen victims of their management incompetence anyways disregarding of in office / out of office style. Myself, I am both Employer and subcontractor since 2000. There was not a single time for me when I was in doubt as an employer whether I am getting my money worth. And as subcontractor I value my reputation and more then happy to present whoever hires me with stellar real references. As a subcontractor I normally develop rather large pieces upon which we agree upfront and there is rarely need for me to report daily details / progress. 2 weeks to 1 month cycles are more normal. Patents in general yes (assuming patent office really validates patents instead of rubber stamping ones from big companies). Software patents, business methods and other fishy stuff - I would pretty much love those eliminated completely. In 1991 I updated for the last time a piece of software (DOS based with proprietary multithreading and graphics layers). The software controls some scientific device, collects, processes and displays experimental data in real time and stores data for later analysis. About 2 years ago or so I think I was shocked to discover that they're still using said device and the software in unmodified form running it under DOSBox or something like that This looks like very idealistic approach. The world does not revolve around perfectionist's wishes. As for "...means it hasn't been maintained for 20 years..." - the OS did maintain the old API's and the way they behave to make sure old software that uses said APIs still works on new OS. Does not mean that the new APIs were not developed. I currently do part time consulting in company that has floor full of developers. All Apple. Not a single piece of software they develop actually targets Mac. They do full stack wit cloud and browser targets. " ...Morale goes down the shitter, and unless you have children it's unlikely you'll care about getting caught. ... " Instead of bitching about morale it is best to see it as an opportunity. Use time to better yourself, find new job, start your own business etc. etc. As for how well it plays for the business owners, it is their problem, not yours. "It’s crazy that JS dev is this hardware inefficient..." That's the whole point of cloudy businesses. They can masquerade it under whatever pretense but the end result is that they want you to use more and more hardware resources where each abstract hardware unit gets healthy profit margin for infrastructure suppliers. Skipping cases like Facebook, Google, Netflix scale most of real life businesses can chug along just fine on dedicated servers with the software written in "normal" high performance languages. You would be surprised what $10,000 worth of modern hardware with high performance software can achieve. Cant vouch for every situation but I think in general it actually pretty much achievable using slow attrition. From what I've observer while consulting corporate systems are collections of hundreds components. Start with one with clearly defined functionality and slowly chip away. Does not prevent from delivering new features. The only thing here is that it will introduce certain overhead and has to be carefully managed. Also one has to make sure if it has measurable ROI. This does not sound nice at all. What on Earth correctness has to do with avoiding C++? This is very generic statement. I do write servers for example that run non stop and frankly I've long forgotten when the production version caused memory issues. Basically combination of being diligent, using memory leak detection tools and certain programming style works for me just fine. For example my latest game server is up more than 2 month already and the only reason it gets restarted is that I am updating it with the new version. I would very much prefer function over fn , just for plain readability . Of course it is subjective but whatever. 1) Where did you get the idea that rapid prototyping is not possible with high performance languages? 2) You are making an uber-generic claim. Where is substantiation? I'll make another claim of the same nature: with this never ending rapid prototyping along with whatever they sell under Agile/SCRUM/etc methodology the end result is unbelievable mess of patchwork that after a while becomes to impossible to maintain and add new features to. It literally becomes house of cards I am not sure if Elixir is performance beast. But then again I do not know much about it other than it runs on VM. I can not be responsible for however said highly attacked systems were designed and hence can not judge. In my own cases I use proprietary protocols for client-server communications that more or less ensure that memory bounds are not broken. Of course attackers might be able to punch holes in lower layers ( UDP for example ) over which I have no direct control but in this case Rust would use the same UDP stack and offer no advantage. "I’m glad to hear that your code is unbreakable and without any bugs, but pcwalton’s claim is still absolutely correct" I smell sarcasm here. I do not claim my code to be unbreakable. I do believe it is REASONABLY safe by design. pcwalton's claim is generic claim about generic code that may have no relevance to particular situations. Mine for example As I said I do not know much about Elixir so yo be the judge. I do however have doubts about throughput of well designed code running on VM being faster then that of native. My understanding is that on Erlang VM this throughput is achieved by using async and message passing patterns backed up by thread pools inside. All perfectly available for "low level" languages as well. It is one case when crappy software being pushed on victims as yourself. They fill their pockets and you suffer ;) But when companies produce same stuff for themselves (internal operations) ... You have a valid point. However practically speaking smart pointers in C++ eliminate most of headaches. At least for me personally so I do not really consider it a big nuisance. But yes I agree that for many people choosing Rust could be preferred way. Whatever tickles your fancy. To each their own "So with agile we are better now because we can remove stupid rules in next iteration and not leave it hanging there for decades." Nice try. Fixing bugs and changing bad logic in timely manner were done ages ago when nobody knew that Agile term. Yes, but in many cases the rules were not fixed also What does this have to do with Agile? You either have adequate resources (human and money) and desire to fix problems or not. Absent that issues and bugs are lingering for years in organizations that employ agile. I saw it with my own eyes. "I hope the employee who made this call will get in trouble" Government employees could get in trouble for many reasons. F..ing up living person's lives with moronic decisions is not the one though. Look for example at "Windrush scandal" in UK. The action of the government in my eyes are pure human rights crimes. Good luck finding any person from a government held responsible (never mind put in jail where they belong). "There is no moral issue with inequality" Well, there is. Thanks to legalized corruption ( lobbying ) the rich are able to twist laws and regulations more and more to their advantage. This is self feeding process and the final outcome does not look nice at all. "Therefore forcing absolute equality on everyone is a moral hazard." Nice try at twisting the line, who is talking about absolute equality here? You know there are all kinds of shades between black and white. I am not even sure what I would call this diatribe. You seem to be putting lots of words in my mouth and doing more line twisting. "Inequality and corruption are different things" - happily working together, one working hard to increase the other Spoken like a true expert who has all "credible information" Not in a mood of diving deep into technical details but forgive me for being skeptical. This "secure by design" execution mantra makes me somewhat sick after hearing it so many times over the decades. After reading a header my dinner wants to find its way back Actually back at the end of 90's the company I worked for at the time was doing some jobs for IBM. The amount of pressure IBM managers put on us trying to get away with paying as little money as possible was quite impressive. They wen as far as trying to get stuff done for free in exchange for promise to be able to use them as a reference. "..Windows Update makes Windows barely usable..." I find this claim to be over exaggerated. I'm not exactly sure how their update schedule works exactly but in my case it updates some parts transparently without me needing to stop working. Updates that require reboot definitely do not happen once per week and never when I am in front of computer. I have no problems with access to working "Unix like" shell either. My laptops and desktop are beastly and have no problem running Ubuntu in VM. WSL works like a charm as well. But I rarely use either since for Linux development work and for running servers I use real Linux computers in headless mode running NoMachine for remote access. Windows being used for developing Windows GUI software duh, and for productivity tools, Video, Photo, CAD, PCB design etc. etc. " I've only bought/got a new Apple device because I could, never because I had to (ie: it was broken/unusable)." Same case for me but desktops and laptops are Windows based. Laptops: very old Toshiba which was super nice at the time. After that gaming laptops from Asus and HP. All desktops are built to order from the components I chose. Hardware problems during last 20 years: 3 hard drives had died (one on desktop, 2 on servers). Does not mean of course that I use the same one for 20 years. Keep upgrading them every once in a while as the amount of stuff I have to keep grows. 1 Video card from nVidia died. 1 Desktop began crashing. Further investigation revealed that thermal paste deteriorated completely and the CPU would shutdown after a very short while. Put new thermal paste and all works again like a charm. Other then that I kept upgrading things but now it does not happen so often as the hardware became generally good enough for just about anything. Well I am sort of looking at that new 32 Core AMD for server when it comes out. Same here. While I did make some friends through work generally work is far from being The Source. Last time I had to go to work full time for someone else was 20 years ago so obviously my social life is totally unrelated to work as far as I am concerned. " I was told by someone still working there HR declared unfriending a fellow employee was considered bullying." Would not go into detail but in my past I've encountered some peculiar things that HR was trying to impose on employees. I just told them to sod off and keep me away from their kindergarten. The HR person I talked to was sort of shocked but they did leave me alone. No actions were taken. They just asked me not to promote my view among other employees which I was not interested with anyways. https://brave.com/malvertising-homeland-security/ "Brave warns US Senate & Congress: foreign state actors can use targeted ads to run code on US government computers, exploiting conventional browsers" Oh, my. I am so scared. And Brave is of course a knight in shining armor ready to protect our shaken foundations. Google did few good things. But now it is trying to substitute The Internet. Well thanks, but no thanks. I'll stick to my old luddite way of doing things. I am not arguing about possibility of getting virus through ad on browser. My point is that they are using scaremongering in a hope to advance their product. They have no real proof that it is more secure. As for ads I am using adblock for ages. Not that I got a virus from internet, just do not like seeing ads when not asked. That's some beautiful job. My mother in law's friend has something resembling built that takes the whole basement and I was deeply impressed when saw it. I can only imagine what Rod's creation look like when you actually see it. I am really surprised seeing posts like yours downvoted "average user wants Material Design" - is that a fact or just a wishful thinking from people trying to push said design? EDIT: Personally for me while I find for example older windows interfaces ugly they were very consistent and functional. In modern designs I sometimes could hardly find what is clickable/actionable. It is not interface working for me but the other way around Beauty Normally no. I do not do TDD either. If however I am writing some complex algorithm where I know that I'll make few bugs here and there I would write test. Being too proper, doing everything by the book does not always translate to better code or good ROI Also being an older fart and programming for so many years I am usually pretty good at not making too many bugs anyways. "There is no purpose of having a so complicated language - like c++ or java" I would not call Java complicated at all. The way they wrote some over-engineered libs for it however is a different story. FactoryFactoryFactory my a$$. I personally do not like Java for performance related reasons and inability to do some lower level tasks but for generic enterprise development those features are not really needed. As for C++ - yes it IS SUPER COMPLICATED . I do not know all of it and do not give a flying hoot about this fact. What good about C++ for me personally is that basic stuff is easy enough to comprehend and I have no problem mostly sticking to C with classes approach. However whenever I feel that I need some exotic "feature" usually I can do a bit of reading and find it. Build time is not great but at least in my cases incremental compile time is fine. My only real problem with C++ is when I need to use some third party piece of code and it is written by some cool person who has decided to write it using every feature of language available and suddenly I can not comprehend what does every second f..ng line mean. ...this might save megawatts of power world wide... Since when saved megawatts bothered programmers? If that was the case we would see far smaller usage of scripting languages and electron apps. Me too ;) But I think we are in minority here Why bother if there are already well developed relatives Delphi/FreePascal with nice tooling and plethora of libraries. Without digging too much into syntax, issue of GC there is a simple ani-feature in go: I can not create and control native threads. While Goroutines are nice and needed feature some of my software simply can not function without the native threads. Hence Go is no go for me. I live without Facebook/Twitter/Instagram/etc. Still very much connected to the people. No problem finding information either. "Let's say I want to build a cross-platform app. I could use Electron (it's somewhat of a known quantity), or I could start doing some research into what else is available, and then evaluate the various offerings - not only to ensure they do what I need, but to also ensure that they use less power/resources than Electron. The effort here is (at least some kind of) unavoidable up-front cost/time." Yup that's right. Any sign of inconvenience and efficiency be damned. Why do we even bother trying to fix environment. This cost money and inconveniences so many people. Also it depends on your background. I have no problem doing without Electron. I would have to apply your exact logic to even look at it. Oops. Sorry for being dumb. Normally I am pretty good at detecting sarcasm. This time it is a royal f.. up on my side "one could argue that what the corporations are offering is also very irresponsible." Well they paid needed bribes/insurance and bought the rights to kill some people for the good of all the rest If you want to talk ethics you should probably start at the government. Ethics should start with the higher level. The average business owner/s trying to LEGALLY minimize their tax is hardly unethical comparatively to the sovereign that allows it in a first place. If we are talking guys like Google then yes. Those just buy governments. "...I believe a one-time fee for software is fundamentally unsustainable..." It is pretty much sustainable. Except few natural cases SAAS is just a wet dream of vendors trying to have constant revenue stream the easy way. If software needs support/new features you pay for upgrades. Or not if the old version works just fine for you. In my case I use tons of software for which I only paid once (sometimes I pay for upgrades as well). If I had to pay monthly fee for each title I use I'd be spending insane amount of money. And what if your software is mature and you do not discover any critical bugs? Article mentions the following tweet: What was the last app you used on your laptop that wasn't: Terminal VS Code Web Browser OS settings That guy must be living in a very limited / imaginary world world. I use boatload of local software And pay for upgrades FUD. Among my products I have desktop software. Sure I got some pains upon initial release but it's been literally years since I really needed to test "for million configurations". I also have experience developing and maintaining cloud solutions. Total amount of work that goes into large cloud apps and amount of things things that can brake or not work properly is fairly impressive. Definitely not any less then on premises Maybe you should look in the mirror. If you are actively developing software and adding new features - sure, you might be also developing critical bugs . In my case for example I have few older products (desktop apps that still sell and bring some money) for which I have source code that has not been touched for years. Not interested in development new features either as those apps are mature and there is not much ROI in developing new features the whole 2.5 customers are willing to pay for. Long story short I do not have any critical bugs there. Maybe do exist and hiding somewhere but since nobody had ever discovered them I am totally cool. The only occasional customers complaint I have every once in a while is RTFM type. Not real bugs. Bah, I was wondering why it suddenly feels less snappy. Generally I am against Electron and other web based UI layers. However since browser must have built in web GUI framework by definition it does make mush sense from the architectural and business standpoint to use the same thing for browser own GUI as well. I do not have favorites. I use various tools for various activities. Mechanical design, electronics, software development, video, photo, data analysis etc. etc. Way too much to list all. Some apps are being used very rarely but I still need those when the time comes the desktop doesn’t matter anymore most casual users gave up computers for smartphones years ago I would consider either statement to be completely false. While less people have full blown desktops almost everyone has laptop and modern laptops are good enough. I would agree that there are many poor countries/places where people can only afford smartphone. But hopefully the future of humanity is to get better rather than going down to that level. The point is, for many users the computer is just where they run a browser Well there is a big difference between MANY and MOST . There is a whole world of creative people to whom browser on a phone just does not cut it. I have few laptops. One is very old, 5-6 years I think gaming Asus. It still runs all titles just fine. If I was not a programmer why would I upgrade from that one? This can obviously make people upgrade less. DirectX 12 is actually more easy to swallow for the average Joe programmer than Vulcan so maybe it does make sense. Why on Earth did you bring LINUX desktop here? Anyways I am done with this Kool-Aid I do not have crystal ball with precise stats. I do however know and communicate with many people far removed from programming. Nearly all of them have laptops, few have actual desktops. Beside as an owner of some products with 10s of thousands of customers I regularly receive customer wishes. Requests to port to Mac OSX are clearly visible. Requests to port to phones are zilch. Fabrice Bellard is one of very few pure geniuses that represent the best in software development. Hats off everyone. People used to sit on a couch and watch TV for hours and also spent hours on the old phones talking about the most exciting shade of nail polish. Shopping is also fun. Now all that activities largely moved to Internet. Thanks to omnipresence of smartphones the hours dedicated to those activities had also increased. Of course share of general Joe Doe's website got smaller as said website does not always cater to few most popular people's activities. That does not mean that the total amount of Joe Doe's websites decreased. It is growing, just not as fast as the amount of my cat videos. Sure big companies may try to subvert the Internet but I think that creative type of the populace will always find ways. Static website with 100K page views/month can happily be served without breaking drop of sweat from a little NUC sitting in one's basement. Not sure what is so exciting about that particular number. I did not read full post but the introduction kind of surprised me. The example of "object oriented style" the author gives is artificially inflated to look ridiculously verbose. Modern languages with OOP and anonymous functions capabilities and some library help can make code the same or even less verbose representation than the declarative example mentioned. Why of course they would very much prefer to burn under democratic nuclear sunshine instead. Well I would say that web search takes good care of SNR. So far no troubles finding interesting stuff. The US has quite proven itself at starting wars without hesitation to enforce their version of the world order. And lacking a restraint like MAD I think there would be a good chance of them dropping nukes here and there, USSR being prime target. My use of SQL beyond very basic is very sporadic (I do remember about HAVING though). If you ask me out of blue I would most likely fail tests. From time to time however I do have to design database for particular product and in a matter of few days my knowledge gets from basic to very good one. Only to go down again a short while after database design implementation and testing completes. That does not mean that I do not know basic concepts about how different databases work, including underlying storage engines etc. To the point that for one product I personally designed actual NoSQL (EAV to be precise) database engine and query engine largely resembling SQL to go along. So would you fail me in your test? ROFL. You've made my day. As I have 1gbps symmetric connection I serve some API right from my basement. One API in particular has no problems serving hundreds of requests per second from the NUC with the exact parameters you just mentioned. As for backup I use 2 things: Internal scheduled backup to hard drives that will be physically disconnected most of the time. Standby redundant synchronized server deployed somewhere else for peanuts. It is not as performant as said NUC but will do while the emergency is fixed on main one. Was looking for something like this. Thanks for great job, will check it out Taxi regulations gives us passengers safety and fair prices. Do not know about London. In my location all the money go to paying license fees and to the actual owners of Cabs (any entity with the money but the taxi driver). And how exactly exploiting taxi drivers makes us safer I have no idea. Failure to do criminal background check is also pathetic lame excuse. I really doubt that said former criminal got into taxi driving job and paid all those fees in order to rob/assault passengers. Private transporting is not sustainable and it is not something that has to be affordable for everyone I am curious how you get to decide on what should be affordable? And what if somebody disagrees? I'd switched first to whatever later became WPS Office and then to FreeOffice. So far no problems but then of course as a proper dumbo I am probably using 1% of the features available so it is hard for me to judge which tool is really superior for advanced public. Not criticizing your personal choice. For me however it is thanks, but no thanks. Google and any other SAAS can go eff themselves. Do not like the way it works and not letting somebody else manage my data. Yet they manage to invent and vote for absolutely atrocious laws. I bet their intelligence is highly concentrated on improving their own agenda whatever that be rather than well being of general populace. I expect Russia to continue doing these sorts of things while the world frets. I think the situation with Crimea is unique as there is a set of multiple historical, racial, political etc. etc. factors not present anywhere else. What else could Russia possibly annex without triggering major war and world mayhem? Just in case the original Alaska message was not sarcasm. States can not secede from the US. Do a little reading on this. And if they try there will be action from the rest of US starting from police and up to full blown military enforcement. And if Russia will try to protect said state we will have nice little nuclear war. Say bye to your iPhone and Hacker News. Missed that one. It is a mess in there. But said mess did already happen and I was talking about future. Russia had definitely taken advantage of the situation where 2 regions wanted to separate. The end outlook is not encouraging. I am curious here about one thing here. Government leaders supposed to be smart people. Where did Saakashvili (Georgian president at the time) loose his last 2 brain cells before allowing military attack on stationed Russian peacekeepers. Try to imagine Syrian soldiers attacking US military and see what happens. This reminds me that "but think of the children" mantra. From my observation programmers often tend to justify / promote their languages/tools/etc under pretense of solving security problems. Here we go again. The support will end. The mayhem will ensue. The world will fall apart. But thou shalt be saved if adopts to my (insert your pet piece of technology here ). People will figure what they need and why without FUD articles. I was talking about Alaska. In theory they can. In practice I think should any military aggression happen the rest of the world will quite deservedly cut off any ties with Russia while offering to Belorussia all military assistance possible short of direct participation. What software are you talking about? If it is the whole OS then it is a matter of user's preference and telling Mac user that PC is better and the other way around is the best way to heat air without any useful outcome. "Allowing large scale disinformation campaigns is a problem for democracies" It does not have to be disinformation. Given how easily the majority is brainwashed by propaganda it is not that difficult to imagine mass postings that while being technically true are presented in a way that helps to form needed state of mind and just progress from there. How do you fight that? I have whole bunch of CDs and DVDs (media and data) many way older then 10 years. Some I burned myself and some were bought. Nearly all doing nice and dandy. More then that I have an old box of 3" floppies dated 92-95. I recently decided to check some old code, bought USB floppy drive and I was actually able to read them. Well not all of them but still ... Who says that I did not. All that really matters was backed up years ago in a few places. But I still have the originals and was just curious. There is something about fishing out old CD and putting it into player. As for those floppies I was just curious. I could care less if I did not find that old piece of code I mentioned. I was just curious to look at it and see how my way of thinking did change. This qualifies for Sci-Fi I think I am not sure what makes this art detective writer best authority on the situation. Looking at first link, aside of few obvious facts his conclusions read like delirium to me. Think I'll stick to my own opinion regarding the subject. I would say that the "winner" is the one who got hurt less and can recover faster/better but it is all relative. While 2 sides are busy killing each other the third one might get the benefits So tomorrow's smartphone will be 20 times faster and only cost 10 times as much? Do not worry. Someone will promptly write an interpreter of Lisp in Python running on VM written in JavaScript. Ages ago when I was doing mostly assembly, I was introduced to Forth. After few tries I've decided that for it was more of a mental exercise and nothing good will come out of it. I've felt that it was actually more easy for me to program in machine codes (I've done some fair share of it too). No not my cup of tea but I guess other people put it to a good use. Name me any other big company with great ethics and all nice and fluffy. For example look at how Google had started and what it has become. Not really trying to protect Microsoft here but them companies are all the same, just different degree of "success". I am an older fart and my preference for my own products is C/C++/Delphi/FreePascal for servers/desktop and JavaScript for web front. I program in many other languages as well but mostly because clients require them. In the latter case it is a consulting job and the last thing I care about is how their favorite languages are managed. It is their choice and I am here to take their money, not to judge their preferences. Advising client to use particular language instead of their favorites is straight road to disappointment. I did not know about LibGen until this post. Too bad for me living in a cave. Anyways this is amazing project. Best luck to them and similar efforts. In my hosehold TVs are only used as large monitors connected to computers by HDMI/DisplayPort . Any other connectivity is disabled. We've stopped using the actual television whether over the air or IP based years ago. Of course computers can be broken into as well but at least those are the beasts I know how to maintain. Translation: we've become a cancer like disease that have spread so wide and deep that cutting it out will severely wound the host. Among the other things their terms say something in tune of: If you hurt us in any way you are liable for damages If we hurt you: f.. off, tough luck My company was at some point hosting boatload of large media files on Amazon S3 for our clients to download. It was financial disaster. As soon as bandwidth from regular hosting services became available I've switched and laughed all the way to the bank. Now switching to dedicated servers for even cheaper. Speaking of war. Just to show how effed is the definition, here is the article where they try to decipher between war, armed conflict, whatever else they've come up with: https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/is-it... "When Adam Hokin and Vishaal Mali began designing a bicycle generator, they started from scratch and followed the Apple game plan" $299 for basic off the shelf circuit, supercapacitor and dynamo? LOL. Does it come with rounded corners? I would doubt this number. Do not as k why but I have an actual power meter (Powertap) on my bike and being average Joe Schmoe I do about 150 Watts when doing semi leisure ride of 50 km (31 miles) on a flat. On such ride I pass some and many pass me. My best ever result on the same ride when I was going like mad all the way was 250W. I would assume that I am pretty average so 100-200W would be more likely number rather then 50W. What about debugging? "Suppress the evidence and move on." How about automatic criminal charge for withholding the evidence? I hold no grudge against Kotlin as the language. But underlying platform ... I'd rather prefer for them to switch to some native thing. It is really depressing to compare situations when I could whip up high performance small native GUI application and that atrocious monstrosity called Android studio produces regurgitates fat resource hogs. "you should be calling for the people in CA to be personally culpable" I am all for it. But let's follow first come first served and start punishing the earlier perpetrators first. What you call "whataboutism" is simply people's natural feel for justice. When you advocate punishment make sure it applies EQUALLY TO EVERY ENTITY GUILTY. If not then people will start pointing fingers and quite rightfully. It is not them being "whataboutists". It is you behaving like/protecting a hypocrite. I once charged $20,000 for 3 days worth of work. Happened like this: one very huge phone company wanted some very specific self contained component written in Java. They shopped around and did not find anyone willing to do it. My friend was working there and told them that he knows that genius consultant (yours truly). So they called me up and during negotiations I told them that I will do it for $20,000. I was prepared to bargain but they told me that I am very reasonable for that functionality. At no point they asked about exact time frame/hourly rate. They just said that the expect it to take no longer than a month. Came home, fired up my PC and spent 3 very long days coding it. That was all about it. I wish I could nail contracts like this more often ;) Sometimes average corporate developer just does not cut it. Like you've got a bunch who know how to take data from a database and feed it to web form. Ask them to do anything else and they would expect you to send them to a training courses. I've met quite a few shops like that. Meanwhile. This project required some imagination and multi-disciplinary knowledge. Sure the company have some geniuses but the company is huge multinational and for one department of their branch it was probably way simpler and cheaper to get someone from outside then shop their other brunch. Big companies are very bureaucratic Nah. Somehow I've always managed to put enough on paper to not get nailed on things like you've just mentioned. "I'd say, believe me there are quite a lot of geniuses" I did not say they were not. Some products said company did develop do require a genius. But from my experience those tend to compartmentalize in appropriate departments and the rest is just average. Of course there are always exceptions. Very nice and useful set of articles. Makes for good reading. Kudos Cases like this make my blood boil. It is really depressing when state can commit great injustice towards constituents without any redress and there is no special power that can fix plain and obvious wrongs right in place (well presidents pardoning their cronys are the exception). No worries. It worked so well in Vietnam, Iraq, Grenada, etc. etc. "who got 2-3 years for things like throwing plastic bottle towards policemen" You might be in for the whole lot of surprise on what similar act performed in the US can get you into. I encourage you to google "assaulting police officer". And what actually constitutes an "assault". Why Rust? For one thing I do not think you can implement allocator in Rust. This alone would disqualify it as a "low level"/"systems" language in my opinion. I said "I do not think". I do not really know Rust. Obviously I was wrong. "Putins press secretary Peskov would be happy to know that you confirm his views about USA." Why would I give a flying f..k about what Peskov has to say? You might like the same food as Pinochet did. Does it say anything about you? "Disclaimer i am neither from Russia nor from USA" Same thing again. Why would I give a hoot about where are you from? As for stories about how the US handles protests: I was writing about particular case of altercation with the police. You are free to make extensive research on your wider subject yourself. "Because exactly this was a widely discussed question when Peskov..." I assume you spend your days tracking what is happening in Russia. I do not. Please forgive my ignorance. I am quite literally way more concerned about what is happening in my own backyard as things are definitely turning south in regards to freedoms. In regards to a subject - I just pointed out that using "jailed for throwing things at police" is very weak argument, at least in my opinion. As for the rest, you seem to have an agenda here. Sorry but I am not interested in participating. Ciao "With just a small yaml file, two functions and some shell commands, you suddenly have an API which autoscales automatically and you only pay when the API is in use. I think that's pretty cool!" I am always puzzled about this "autoscale" thing on a cloud. If your task can be represented as something like calculate sum of some ginormous array then sure. Split array in parts and launch thousand instances each working on it's own slice and then combine. In way more common situation you have a service hitting database and doing something with it. Sure you can spin a thousand instances of said service. But they will all be hitting the same database. So in reality I think the only really scalable part here is the database. And scalability in databases has no universal solution and the ones that exists come with the load of caveats. I think unless you operate on FB/etc scale the simplest and cheapest solution would be to buy/rent nice piece of hardware yourself and place database on said hardware. That should give you a nice run for your money and free you from bazillion layers of abstractions, dependencies, etc. that often tend to fall apart. "DynamoDB uses synchronous replication across multiple data centers for high durability and availability" This does not seem scalable for OLTP type load on some busy store. Again I think you'll be way better of money wise hosting your own database on real hardware either on prem or colocated You're forgetting specifics here and the amount of hardware resources thrown into it. I've already told that I am not discussing here FB/Google/Amazon scale stuff. It is their problem and not shared by more regular deployments True. You beat me. But C with extensions does qualify ;) Dedicated servers are actually quite cheap. I pay $60/month to run one of my products that services thousands of paying customers across North America (High performance native TCP and UDP based game like servers) and the performance is quite predictable Can't argue about this particular use case. For this cloud is good. You can rent super-duper hardware for few hours and be done with it. Damn. And I've just switched to it less then a month ago. For business, dedicated servers are the only thing I am paying for (also mirrored on me on premises). Well there is still some storage fees from Mediafire but I am in a process of moving it to dedicates servers as well. Following few very unpleasant experiences with the cloudy stuff I've develop a simple rule. NOTHING gets done/developed for my businesses until I can run it on premises and rented dedicated servers. Is it just me having inadequate vision or the visual design of the article is challenging? Light grey text on white background, dark red and blackish colors on dark grey background. I also tried their CLion and was somewhat disappointed. Slow in places, sometime stalls, bugs here and there. Ended up using CodeLite and Qt designer This sort of reminds me of an old agent based Java middleware called Voyager I've encountered sometime in the 90s. The rough idea of this middleware was that you could write Java class derived from a special prototype and the instance of said class can travel around various Voyager servers all over the world to perform tasks on local context and then come back with the answer. Could be used for the whole bunch of scenarios from map reduce to accessing some content that only available at particular place and not accessible by public API. It was neat. Not sure what did happen to this middleware later on. McCarthy must be smiling reading this. Sorry but I have other uses for RAM then to feed sloppy environments. No it is not fine. The only impression I get from glorified notepads consuming gigabytes of RAM is the ever increasing desire to send them to /dev/null where they belong. My opinion of course At the moment I am sitting here adding couple of things to a huge desktop application written in Delphi. More then a million lines for a full build (which takes 11 seconds on laptop btw). It does all that you mention with all bells and whistles of a modern IDE and consuming whopping 380MB. How's that for a change? All my laptops have 32GB of RAM. And if I had no other options I probably could've been stuck with CLion. However as I've already mention CodeLite and QtCreator are multiplatform, very responsive, work just fine as an IDE and eat very little memory comparatively to CLion. I often have to test big in memory datasets so I have way better ways of wasting RAM. It is a right of a juror to say that the defendant is innocent even though the law says otherwise (jury nullification). But trying to inform jurors about that jury nullification right can get one into a very hot water. This is my friend's story. He owns a company that designs and manufactures various electro-mechanical things. So he went there to check quality of his order that was getting ready for shipping. All went nice and shiny and then as he was about to head back to an airport he mentioned that he now has to find where to buy 150,000 non standard size batteries for the things being made. So the the owner said wait a min. Dials his buddy with another factory that happen to manufacture batteries and explains the task. So they set up the line and in 3 hours he had the whole amount made and put in crates. Friend says it is insane how advanced the whole manufacturing is in China. It is engineer's paradise. Of course one has to be smart as they do not mind stealing the design and doing it themselves. I implemented firmware for very specialized AC motor speed and torque control that also does whole bunch of other things on a very low end microcontroller. Was implemented in C. Out of curiosity I just dug into source code and tried to imagine how it could benefit from Rust. Frankly the benefits would be none. As for safety: this firmware something like 6 years in production with just a single update. And the update was not made because of the bug. Somewhere along the way bunch of parts was ordered for new devices and wrong letter code was used. So instead of receiving 2% tolerance on part it was now 10%. As the order was expensive and not returnable I modified firmware to account for this. This is disgusting and I feel it is a crime. Freedom is of the most precious things living humans have. So maybe progressive part of the world will wake the f.. up and apply some pressure. What's your point? This is how any business operates except some non taxable charity activities I was specifically referring to my example doing strictly hard real time stuff. What you are describing looks more like a regular software and can be more cost effective implemented in any higher level language then C. On a side note while I do not know very much about Rust beyond some main concepts I did couple of experiments with decent size example and compile speed made me turn away from it. When/if significantly improved I might be more interested working with it. EDIT: added "higher level language then C" instead of "higher level language" to make more clear Sorry but in this particular case the authorities went back as far as 5 decades. What kind of moral abomination is that. If they were fine with the persons living in country for few years than leave them alone. Instead they're asking them to prove their citizenship after the decades had passed and few in those places have any documents at all. Knowing very well that they can not really deport them anywhere they instead determined to put them in the concentration camps forever. I have some proper words for such actions but I am afraid I'll be banned if I spill it. I was lucky that I've always had my own projects/products and I was employed as a full time software developer only once in my life. During the hiring they brought me a contract that had this sleazy IP clause. I told them that there is no way I can sign anything like that but will be more then happy to sign simple and fair non compete clause. The employer did just that: they replaced the IP ownership clause. Well I am just selling the story my friend told me. Since it happened a while ago I assume that the batteries were fine or I would hear much bitching from the same friend of mine ;) I use Total Commander on Windows, Midnight Commander and DoubleCmd on Linux. All nice and instant with plethora of operations. Not sure why Explorer type UI dominates. Oh sweet memories. I loved that movie I will really miss those people and their quite refreshing writing style. Best luck to them and may we meet again in some new online venture. Give enough money and they will mark US as Zimbabwe. It is a corporation that exists to make money for shareholders, duh. What are you worrying in particular anyways? Do you really think that Apple installing the mandated apps or refusing to do so is going to sway Russian lawmakers. I do not think they give a hoot. Neither Apple marking Crimea as Russian will affect what Merkel, Macron, US senate will do about Russia. On that scale of things the Apple is big nothing. They'll use Samsung, Huawei, Whatever. I am not sure how politician's mind works but I doubt they will perform collective seppuku. Me personally I would not give a rat's a$$ if any of major brands has gone out of business (except of feeling sorry about employees). But then again, the only things I use my phone for are actual phone calls, GPS (off-line software mind you), bike computer and occasionally camera. The performance of Go is not particularly impressive. Especially when it is used to write busy servers with many simultaneous requests. And as a language it is not inspiring either. Not sure why business owners should love it either. Not enough features in the language coding productivity suffer in a long run. Also if the developer needs Go because other languages are "too complex" maybe said developer can't produce proper code anyways. You know, there are things in between. As for being niche - not sure bout Scala as I have zero experience with it, C++ however is anything but. "most applications are IO bound" - there is a whole world of not IO bound software running on cars, toasters, airplanes, desktops, hospital equipment etc etc. I do not think it is any smaller then that niche of web spaghetti being churned out by undergrads Very nicely done. Congratulations hear, hear I have a desktop Windows only product that I sell (10s of thousands of clients). It does not have the most eye pleasing UI design but it is very functional and ergonomic. All possible actions are clearly visible and / or discoverable. And every action can be accessed in less clicks then in any of competitor's products. I actually get some praises for it. Still every once in a while I get support email telling me that the product sucks "cause it is ugly". Most of those complaining were Apple users who installed a product using Parallels. One of the emails actually was written by pro UX designer (at least this is who the author claimed to be). This got me curios to find out what is really wrong in my GUI that irritates some users so I asked for short interview on Skype/Phone. We had a discussion. Among the things he showed me the example of light gray text on white background and told me that is very eye pleasing an mine are too contrast. For fuck sake I could not read the example he showed to me without glasses and when I complained he said that the beauty trumps usability/ergonomics. I just bailed out. Maybe he is right but I'll stick to what I believe works. "Who could be right, the multiple designers who do this every day..." Those designer might actually be very good one's but they might have different goals. Their design might be all about eye pleasing hoping that mos potential customers will glance at it, like it and buy it. Ergonomics might not be their concern at all. There are other UX designers though, making GUI for pilots, nuclear station operators etc. etc. They have somewhat different goals. I feel that my brain digests what they do way better then the stuff coming from a first group I come from a different background where I learned to value reaching the goal in most clear and shortest way I love industrial design. Because it mostly exposes function and quality. Stuff made for home use, sure it is pretty but they can have that plastic for themselves ;) I only make configurable things that MUST be configured. I've long learned that my audience when it comes to handling software for better or worse has the average intelligence approaching that of my cat. Not trying to insult here. Just general observation Being stuck in a city traffic then answer might be: Faster horses? YESSSSS !!! ;) Sorry, still an insult. Sorry I believe it is not because I did say "when it comes to software". I freely admit to being an imbecile in Quantum Chromodynamics. Same goes with my users. Many of them are actually lawyers, dentists and other rather well off people. I am sure they're intelligent in many fields. But for many of them the software is not their cup of tea. That's just life and I do not see too many Leonardo Da Vincis walking around. "Offering them hard to read text will help" - well I appreciate your sarcasm but allow me configurable option to ignore it ;) "...other products just deteriorate in terms of performance at an unbelievable rate. Have owned windows and android products and after using them for like a year, it's hard to believe that it's the same shiny machine that you thought would be a good buy" I use Windows and somehow my laptops and desktops do not deteriorate. Works like a charm. Same goes to my Linux setups. I do not use Android much beyond plain phone calls so can not really judge that one. It is/was never about safety. It is beyond me why would anyone ever swallow such BS. Every government be it democratic or not wants control, plain and simple. The more the better (for them). Maybe except someone who'd chosen jet ski as a way to commit suicide ;) There are very few real reporters left. Most of the articles reek of bias and since Russia is a designated bad country no matter what they do it is evil. I am not really trying to protect Russia here but articles like the one in the title are written for brain dead people. They should go try janitor work instead. When all that mess with Russia/Ukraine had started the West was openly contemplating disconnecting Russia from the international payment services. That had lead Russia to develop it's own. The Internet is a vital infrastructure element. Leaving the risk of potential disruption to some US congressmen's whims is not a very wise choice. Of course it can be used with bad intentions as well but so can anything else. I think I've already mentioned this in my older post and it was downvoted eagerly. Really? Not welcome by whom? You do not know what difficult profession is. Try something better. And the reason they suffer from stigmas is their own doing. Couple of things, it seems that it is you who make the claim with little actual support. Here:From the "JOINT MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION" from the European Parlament ( https://www.europarl.europa.eu/doceo/document/RC-8-2014-0118... ) " 12. Recalls that the restrictive measures taken by the EU are directly linked to the Russian Federation’s violation of international law with the illegal annexation of Crimea and the destabilisation of Ukraine, while the trade measures taken by the Russian Federation, including those against Ukraine and other Eastern Partnership countries which have recently concluded Association Agreements with the EU, are unjustified; calls for the EU to consider excluding Russia from civil nuclear cooperation and the Swift system; " Now as far as it concerns the Internet there is even no real need to bring Swift example. Any country would be insane to let their Internet infrastructure under someone else's control. Question of course how much it will cost to build a replacement for situations if the things go sour. So for many countries, especially the ones that are on friendly terms with the US, they can let it slide. Not so much for Russia, China etc. "...it is quite likely that (a) the idea was not serious, and (b) it gave the Russian government an excuse..." It looks like you are the one looking for excuse. Following your logic Russia should really wait until threats become very serious then be hit in the face and only then react? I think you're asking a for bit too much Kumbaya. I like C myself. I wish though they would extend it with some features similar those available in Delphi/FreePascal language. This will still leave complete low level control and have amazing compile speed and eliminate much need for C++. C++ is heavy beast and while I a have to use it every once in a while I do not particularly enjoy compile time and some other things. Zig made some moves to that direction but not yet enough and is not really ready for production anyways. Also I did some experiments and initial impression was good but it failed to compile used libs written in C even though it claims to be a C compiler as well. Sure, sure. "...there is but one God, the Father, from whom all things came ..." I am sure this "misconseption" is what keeping Python programs so fast and efficient comparatively to ones written in C It looks a bit ugly but it is very functional and straight to the point. Needed just a little visual touch to account for modern monitors. Instead we have fucking light gray text on white background, window borders/title area that are indistinguishable from the rest accompanied by great hunting game of: find an interactive element on on a screen Well it published by Jerusalem Post that is considered credible. Not sure the same applies to globalresearch PS. Russians said it is fake news Russians said it is fake news "I wouldn't believe" Sure let's base military defense strategy on "believe". They sure do. I also sure they do not consult qwerty456127 on those matters You've already shown an impeccable technique deciphering world affairs. I did not realize you are also a world authority on Russian trolls and name calling. My bad. Well the person I referred to did not mind calling me Russian troll. You let it slide nevertheless. "...Hillbillies with guns and IDEs..." ROFL. You most likely meant IEDs. I think people like this guy are superhuman. I just bow my head at what can they achieve with so little. Talked to many people lit you mentioned. Large percentage repeats these points: 1) We always wait for database, so performance of our code does not matter . This comes from places where ironically the whole database can fit into RAM. 10+ gbps connectivity - well it is almost commodity for business so the latency is not much of a bottleneck. Fast IO to store data - well imagine array of Optane drives. Not very cheap but really peanuts for normal business. All this means that purposely built data server which is a heart of many type of business residing on decent computer, can be blindingly fast and most of the businesses will never ever outgrow it. I've written quite a few of such servers serving loads of businesses in NA so hopefully my experience is not irrelevant. 2) Scripting languages are so convenient to use and save so much time and this is what matters as the salary is a main expense . - Personally I use those mostly for management/deployment/etc.etc type of scripts and maybe to quickly test some small ideas. I clearly see their benefits there. Anything that resembles a product that would actually run business. Sorry but experienced developer can implement those just as fast as in any scripting language and it will save a ton on maintenance. 3) And finally do not do premature optimization mantra . - In my opinion switching from scripting language to something like C++ has nothing to do with premature optimization. Developer can be very productive with compiled languages as they also have megatons of libraries for any imaginable task. I know nothing about Snowflake so can not really comment on particular case. However the generic statement that I hear often goes something like this: it is so much trouble to manage your own infrastructure and on cloud everything is done for you. Well I saw with my own eyes that having ones's infrastructure deployed on Azure keeps them quite busy anyways. Anything wrong about that? "What you’re failing to realize is how trivial most apps are and how fast fully functional back ends can be created with frameworks in those languages (django/rails)." Sorry but I have the exact opposite experience. First of all I would not call line of business applications incredibly simple. They're rather quite complex business rule wise. I saw floors filled with web developers constantly writing /rewriting endless stream of scripts often without any meaningful attempts to organize the code. In one example I was writing Python (yes guilty it is good for this type of tasks) scripts to process literally thousands of files of their source code to find and properly replace database access methods of which single app had not less then 5. Ability to maintain code is entirely up to how well organized and documented it is. It has nothing to do with “scripting” This I can 100% agree with Hypocrisy is not such a rare animal. There is however extra factor here: biking to work if possible is your personal choice. Using your favorite tools at work: often not as much I am in the same boat (writing native servers). I will also "disappear" if you start asking me about HA/backups/etc. A particular solutions are very much case specific and can depend on business conducting rules just as much as on pure tech factors. Properly answering your question requires way too much writing and hardly a subject of a single post. I have HA solutions for the products I built but this post is the extent I am willing to talk about the subject ;) They might as well hand a development tool to a client and call it a day ;) Super flexible "On a modern full-sized laptop etc, sure code efficiency doesn't matter much" Well it really mattered to me when I lost my patience and replaced a piece of code written in Python that was doing some data manipulation/processing with the native one. Suddenly what used to take an hour got down to less then 1 minute. As recently as a year ago I used built in assembler in Delphi to perform some low level timing. It was not for just super-duper performance though. Surprisingly it was the most straightforward and simple way. Meanwhile my firmware for 3-Phase AC motor torque and speed control for really low power micro controller was doing fine with plain C without any assembly. I have made quite a few enterprise grade desktop apps. They'd normally involve device control, real time data processing, graphics multimedia etc all running in many threads communicating using my own internal publish-subscribe and in memory EAV database. For each one performance mattered a great deal. Yes I understand it may not matter much for many database front end apps but the world does not end on those. I design and develop product for living. Universal guy. Mostly software but sometimes part of it is also firmware / elecronics / hardware. I happened to be a person who did everything from billing systems and other giant products for TELCOs and down to firmware for micro-controller. Some products I own and some are made to order. Some I did on my own and for some I was a leader of big team My brain I guess works in a different way. I could never truly understand/appreciate value of the Redux for state management (well except that it is better then nothing). For this type of things I've always used one or the other implementation of State Machine pattern. Seems way more clear to me. It is not just about JavaScript. State management is a part of many applications and State Machine is a nice paradigm to work with. At least for my taste. In my opinion State Machine is sufficient on it's own. To me reducers seem superfluous and in fact distracting from actually managing state. But as already said it is my own opinion coming from my own experience. We do not need to convince each other "Is 'performance' the right word for this? Its more like user experience or latency..." It is both. All my desktop apps are strictly native and written with care. Many use DirectX graphics for output. Also I've never bought into this Microsoft's move to .NET on desktop propaganda. Electron etc. - would not touch such frameworks with the wooden pole. "... boost oversight of exports of sensitive technology to adversaries like China, for economic and security reasons..." I think economic is the keyword here. From what I gather this is not the first time the US is doing something like this. I am pretty sure other countries have done the same in their particular areas of concern. They're just not as mighty and famous as the US so nobody pays attention. So much for free market. Anyways I think it is a little too late and all it will accomplish is - opening a window of opportunity for other players. Also because it formulated way too broad and has an escape clause (apply for a license) then it might offer an unfair advantage right inside the US. Big companies will get it and for smaller it nay be more difficult. Same as patent system. Company like Apple can patent my cat with little troubles. Me: not so much and I speak from experience. Both are bad. Let's punish both. Are you up for the task? Ready to start sanctioning the US? And as long as first one gets away the others would do the same. This is how it works. Has nothing to do with good/bad because on that high level they're all big bad guys and had caused and keep causing lots of people die and suffer. They do not really give a shit as long as it advances their goals. I really wish Zig picks up and goes mainstream. I also wish it gets a little (not too much) of higher level features. Something in line of simple OOP. I would even start using it now for some smaller projects that are not vital but I was stalled on Zig not being able to compile some C (it claims to do that and it does but not in my cases). Sure I could do import but would rather prefer for Zig feature to work "And laptop manufacturers will now proceed to stuffing these into bargain bin laptops with shitty 1080 displays" Which is good as we would have some serious processing power without having to second mortgage a house. At 15" 1080 display is anything but shitty (assuming it has decent gamut and dynamic range). Higher resolutions are much better served by standalone monitors. 40" 4K works just fine for me while on 15" screen 4K either makes fonts too small or if I increase the scale then there is no real difference with 1080 Why would I care about it from a user point of view? Games use their own fonts rendering and regular business soft looks just fine. And paying hundreds of dollars more for tiny 4K display in my opinion is not very good ROI All I see is a slow conditioning of people that using nukes is ok. This is just insane and all it does is telling to nuke free nations that they were the ultimate fools when signing NPT. One big fat lie. Guess what may eventually come out of this. I got exactly the same thought the minute I saw this post. I use Commander clones on all the OSes. To me they're irreplaceable tool. Same thing happen to me. Only it was 2 mil instead of 5 and I did not really have to do any due diligence as I was selling my product, not my company. So other then spending some time and paying couple of grand to have lawyer go over the agreements I did not suffer much. But boy, was I disappointed ;( Exactly. Already had some savings. Add 2 mil and was thinking early retirement. Well maybe some work when I feel like here and there but life with no financial pressure ;) Disregarding of Swarm's merits why would anyone care what Mirantis has to say? As any other vendor Mirantis has its own agenda and promotes their vision of cloud stack. Does not mean it is the best solution for any particular user. Btw GPU has its own cache and all problems related to it. You still have to watch what/how you do things on GPU to be cache friendly "...I paid my dues with manually crafting mutex and condition variables workflows in C for years, then translating that to Java, then Go..." Quite frankly most of the multithreading things an synchronization is quite simple and does not bother me except some rare cases (dealing with DirectShow for example). If some languages fail to support real world constructs directly it is the problem of their designers and users. All this stuff about horrible, horrible manual memory management and awful synchronization issues is overblown I think. For some reason it had decided that I am Italian. Took me a while to decipher and bring it back to English "We'll have to respectfully agree to disagree here" Sure thing, I have just stated my personal opinion, not looking for anyone to agree. To each their own. Everything has a price, immutability/actor included. The rest is all about the trade-offs one is willing to make That is because the firmware is all about efficiency and reliability is strictly business no f..ng around. This is at least from my experience. Web is like: look ma, new shiny stack, gotta use it. The amount of tooling involved in creation of even simple things is often staggering without any real need for it. And often if you do not approach webdev in "politically correct" way you can be laughed out of the door. Personally when approach a task I like to be alone and do design. At this point I do not need anyone messing with my thoughts. If I need advice sometime during the process due to let's say lack of experience in particular area I'll call someone who does and ask for advice. Does not take long. Few minutes usually. When the design is ready I want to present it to people and they have to prove to me that I produced crap. If they do I am back to a drawing board . If not (and that became the most often outcome after few years in the industry) then f.. off leave me alone and I'will put my design into a code. The last thing I need at this point is someone breathing down my neck. After the code is finished and I am reasonably happy with it I would like me some code review if condition allow. Not very often as I mostly work either on my own products and do not have people around for code review and/or making some extra dosh doing the same thing as consultant and consultants do not often get this luxury. All in all I can see no benefits at all in doing pair programming for myself. If someone is happy with it and their boss lets them do it then sure, go full monty. Just please do not force this style on people. Not everyone can tolerate close contact for extended time. LOL. It is not the nextgen version of GL. It is a tool that would let you make your own OpenGL. It is way too low level and takes insane amount of work comparatively to OpenGL/DirectX. Sure big engine developers would love it. Smaller guys like myself: not so much. That's the difference right here. If you are in business of making engine then yes you can benefit basing your engine on something like Vulcan. To me: I am not exactly doing games/engines. I do use hardware accelerated graphics for some other type of development. OGL/DirectX are already a nuisance enough for me (just a friggin too that I want to use and forget). Having to go even lower level will not make me any happy at all. Well that is unless I find suitable rendering library. Hopefully some candidates are available now, just have to find time to evaluate. There is a difference between general education and those software certifications. I have masters in physics and had never really studied software formally. Having studies in University I believe had set me up for life, very grateful. However I've switched from science to being a programmer fairly quickly for financial reasons. I've never taken any software course and in my about 40 years long stint I was never asked about any software certification. What did happen instead 2 or 3 times when I was getting some consulting gigs was that the client would try to have me pass some IQ / Aptitude / Whatever else test. I already have a reputation for delivering solutions and whole bunch of nicest references. So I just apologized and walked away. Not playing these kindergarden games. "Not only will the tech get as good as humans" Let's suppose it will happen. Do you have a proof that such "good" tech does not develop a will to one day run over every human it can? I am thinking at what point all those "business innovations" will turn democracy and freedom into a corporate gulag. What's the point of having so called free and democratic government system if you'd be back to USSR 5 days a week from 9 to 5. I think it is not so much a testament to Lisp as to a talents of a people who wrote the software. I've met some of those. Give them anything and they'll still produce stunning results. Those were real doers. Can't even call them programmers, they had something better: brains size of f..ng Manhattan. No s.. Sherlock. It is starting to look more like a tantrum. All those countries you mentioned are totally free to buy only from the US. Building a pipeline will not prevent anyone from buying gas from the US as long as it is competitive. The sanctions are mostly trying to strangle competitor/adversary and prop own industry using political means rather then market forces. They owe you nothing. You go and take care of your own. In my other life (2000-2008 ish I think) I've also dealt with the large (tens of thousands) deployments all consumer grade as in your case. No SQLite though. Obviously we've had some hard drive failures. What is very interesting is that the results were exactly opposite. WD drives lived and Seagate drives failed. I am wondering if such discrepancy was caused by the usage patter. Oops, sorry was not careful reading your message This is great. It made me smile. What happens when your "quick'n dirty proof of concept" has to become production? Rewrite? As for the other stacks: I do what everyone says not to do. I write stateful servers in native compiled languages with no GC. So far I've yet to encounter any scalability problems. They simply do not exist when said servers are runninig on 32 core monsters with gobbles of RAM and not slowed down by interpreters, garage collection and bazillion of abstraction layers. Sure I could not serve Facebook using this, but hey it works just fine for the 90% of the rest and that is where I make my money ;) You should wake up and take a look. It is anything but ancient. It is mature but feature wise it kept up. I use C++/C, Delphi, JS, Python. Also Java, C#, PHP and bunch of other but on and off basis. Here is my opinion As a language Delphi/ObjectPascal is anything but ancient. It is kept up to date and has all the important features one would expect modern language to have sans garbage collection (well I actually consider this as advantage). It produces fast native executables without any dependencies. It compiles with such speed that one can write shell scripts in it. It has the right balance between a mountain of complex features C++ has and something like Go. Its IDE is nice as well and full featured. Both language and the IDE exist in paid version supported by commercial vendor and as an opensource project in case of Lazarus/FreePascal. Sure there are some problems but show me the language that does not have any, In my opinion the only REAL problems with the language/tools are all political. At some point these products were suffering from bad corporate governance and on top of that Microsoft went out of its way to actively destroy market for these in North America and along the way poached all leading developers from Borland including main language architect. To make a conclusion I think that ObjectPascal along with the implementation is a good candidate for being used in many areas as generic well thought out language along with the IDE. As for the article: I think it is a good move on Idera's side. To call it corruption is disingenuous I think. Many corporations are using the same tactic. It is friggin business. Define modern please. There is not a single thing about ObjectPascal language that relegates it as non-modern. Lack of new jobs - sure but that is a bit different subject. I used either. Not really good alternative IMO And you were the bank teller who wired it right? In Delphi I do desktop applications that perform real time low level device control, talk over USB and some specialized radio gizmos, DirectX graphics and multimedia processing, real time data presentation, bulk data processing, game like communications over UDP etc. etc. All at the same time from a different threads. Good luck doing it in Java. I did try doing low level stuff with it per client request and it felt like masochism. Java was created with the different things in mind. How so? You mean that you can actually buy it and have permanent license instead of money being sucked from your account every month? Or get Lazarus for free and forget about pauing at all. "...multithreading in mind..." - Easy and efficiency are 2 different things. Java synchronization primitives and it's ability to flip bits incur heavy performance penalty when compared to native ones. You might not care about it but I do. You are also free to point me to a good DirectX framework in Java and/or the one that let's you write Directshow and Media Foundation filters and graphs as well. Besides your logic reads like this: since language A does the same as language B and you happen to like language A then nobody needs B. Sorry but it works both ways. When I was doing enterprise stuff Java provided more value to me in that particular situation. Windows desktop: sorry I'll choose Delphi any time. Visual C is not such a good tool to write desktop application. .NET monstrocities with almost the same problems in regards to low level stuff, multimedia etc as Java when I can have single exe with no dependencies? Thanks but no thanks. Also I do not really appreciate mentoring. Was doing just fine completely on my own for the last 20 years. C/C++ will be most likely used for many many decades ahead. Love it, keep going The US has nukes. Nobody's ever going to attack it directly. Why do you need overwhelming military dominance in conventional forces then? I suspect it has something to do with being able to force point of view by having big stick available to back it up. "What will our rivals decide to do once that happened?" Nothing, you have a capacity to turn Earth into a glass fields. Also the work to improve said capacity seems to have started. I prefer that to be a UN. This "ensured piece and prosperity" - you can try to explain it to a Middle East, Vietnam etc. They had, and they've won: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tutor_Perini Somehow I do not notice middle ground. All I see is the overwhelming force present virtually everywhere you can point your finger on the map bar couple of places where the US dares not to go. Meanwhile I think even with 1/10th of it current force the US can surely defend its territory and citizens. I agree about pollution: depleted uranium and agent orange for example are way more preferable then the alternative. Assault - direct attack Force projection - do as we say or else. I actually met couple of Vietnamese (not in Vietnam though). They were not very fond of Americans to speak softly. No real hatred either (well they're very polite and I do not really now what their actual feeling were). I do believe that modern Vietmamese people are tolerant and welcomed to a tourists including the Americans. Tourists are income and people that actually did suffer war effect and immediate aftermath are mostly dead now. Also the US did not bring "the piece and prosperity" to Vietnam unless you mean withdrawing from that murderous war that they started in a first place. What brought a relative prosperity was that their communist government did soften their stance towards market based economy. And feeling some guilt US probably contributed few pesos. Funny that you should mention it. To me it looks like web development is mostly driven by fashion rather then practical choices. Also I suspect that unless something radically good comes out (I do not consider Rust, Go and likes to be the case) C and C++ will stay very active, including new development. I actually do hope that this happens but so far no real candidate. "The only countries refusing to do so are rogue or third world countries." I wish people consult at least wikipedia when making claim. In this particular area "good" US looks worse than "bad" Russia which at least criminally charged the offender once he had been sent back to Russia. The US does stand up for its citizens which is a nice quality but on the other hand it goes overboard in many cases. Google maps with Street View, Translate and Search are 3 things I would not want to loose. FB - If it disappears tomorrow I would not even notice. Well, you make your own life ... Let's say there are concurrent writes to a single table with few indexes. Process of updating said table and indices eventually boils down to update of a single B+ tree from a multiple threads. In general until serialized it is physically impossible without corrupting the tree. Sure there might be other specially crafted implementation of table more friendly to concurrent writes but there will be trade-offs. There are no miracles in the world. As for particular case with WAL, all it does in this particular scenario is act as a queue. If your database load is spiky then it can even out load and make an impression of faster response. Under constant load it will not speed up the things and will internally serialize all actual updates " long lived mutable structures tend to drift into unexpected states " Why are those "tend to drift" ? As an example I wrote sort of like game server for one of my applications. Internally it has those exact forever lived mutable structures. I've never observed it to drift into any unpredictable state. Works like a charm and running for many month. I only reboot it when I need to update it to a new version. The only catch here is that all data fit into RAM. With the amount of RAM modern computers can be stuffed with I do not really see if my server would ever run out of it. Of course it backed up by database but it merely serves as a persistence layer for this particular application. Can you please point me to where did I say anything about SQLite being right tool for concurrent write? My point was that true concurrent writes to a generic database table with indexes are are physically impossible in a general case disregarding what database it is. Fool me once ... I've got enough fun with Google in the early days. The only googly things I use now are something like look at the map from the browser etc. My email (app and address), document editors, code base etc do not touch/use anything even remotely aware of Google. "A proper database would have a 'billing address is same as delivery address logic" The database does not have logic like this. It has to be implemented by stored procedure. When I have application server all such logic (if applicable) is handled by code in much more performant way. No data goes to a database directly. Everything passes through the app server along with the validation data transformation etc, etc. As already said the database in this particular case is nothing more but persistence layer. Again we can put all kind of theoretical speculations but as I already said, my particular server does not have data drifting to some faulty states. I am a developer and have no problems developing Linux software on Windows desktop (namely C++ rest servers). It just works™ for me "I can't count the dollars I've made fixing other people's poorly written multithreaded code in my entire career, including in the last 3 years." "Multithreaded programming is still one of the most problematic activities even for senior programmers, to this day. Multithreading bugs get written and fixed every day." Strongly disagree. I am going to claim that threads / locking are not hard to write if one has at least a bit of common sense and discipline. Problem is that we have hobbyists without any trace of knowledge on how computers work producing commercial software. Goes like this: I do not want to deal with memory management - it is too hard, I do not want to think about types - my poor brain can not comprehend those, pointers - OMG what are those beasts, threads and locking - gonna commit Seppuku. I will advise those to come to a logical conclusion: programming is frigging hard when one wants to produce a decent product rather then buggy POS. No matter how many concepts the language hides / converts to something else there will be always something else they will not be able to wrap their mind around. So how about trying gardening instead [](auto &&a, auto &&b) { return a.id() I vary much prefer the version above than the one author proposes for replacement. C++ is a beast as it is. No reason to introduce more miracles there. My opinion of course I'll go the other way around. Some people are capable of comprehending an awful lot of things/concepts and use those productively. And some are not. It is definitely not the concept's inventors fault. Nothing to be ashamed of as we are all different. I am not shedding tears because I can not fathom quantum physics while others can. Well power has to be balanced. Otherwise one with the biggest club might get wrong ideas. From my experience (consulting for a decent size company that has lots of their infrastructure on Azure) it looks to me that the amount of management involves is not less then if they had it on premises or co-located bare metal. I am sort of agree. In practice however I use comfortable subset of it and then it is simple. This is my (b). I know that everyone has their own idea about what said subset should be but I do not participate in large C++ teams and hence it is not a real problem for me. So yes in general you're right, in practice some people are ok. What's the real percentage of those I have no idea. Or what? Think they'll just say oops? What the header says sounds very obvious to me. And it is also encouraged everywhere. Does post downvoting ring any bell? ..."In three years, the iPad will be more robust, Adobe Photoshop for iPad will be here — and for all I know, AI will just edit my photos for me in the cloud..." AIs will just make make their own photos. The cloud does not need you. Alternatively they could realize that not everybody is willing to spend too much time and send people to something like https://pgtune.leopard.in.ua/ "you have to start with interesting algorithms. Only when you understand them well, can you come up with an interface that will let them work" I did just that in my old days when there was no real OOP around. And said interface included data structures that along with regular fields also had pointers to functions with some extra scaffolding around it. I did all of it on my own without having any slightest ideas about OOP. Luckily the actual OOP compilers came out soon. So here's to you Mr. Stepanov. Same for me. Single txt with tag delineating topic start and text search Are you proposing tech version of Iron Curtain? I think the best solution for Canada is to try something that attracts the people rather then have them seeking greener pastures. Otherwise they'd leave TN-1 or not. "I'm pretty sure there would have been competing Linux enabled smart devices in one way or another without Android" I wish that was the case. We'd probably have nicer Linux as a result and no extra Java bloat/performance hit on the devices that can do without it. Not directly related to web front end but having extensive developer experience I tend to shy big frameworks (with a couple of exceptions) . Instead I am using set of battle proven libraries that change depending on needs. My reasons are: I do not need to learn a monster If framework goes down/becomes unpopular etc. etc. I could care less Libraries are easily abstracted and replaceable. Yes I/team do end up implementing our own framework but this framework is very tiny comparatively to you common monstrous frameworks and any sane person can get a grip in a day or less and it only has enough to accomplish a project. Also it can be easily sliced/diced and needed accumulated bits and pieces can be used for next project. "Old desktop applications, because they did not have a core application "cycle/flow" and were not arranged as a tree of components," I am not sure where did you get this idea. Delphi had it like almost 30 years ago. Delphi and it's opensource cousin Lazarus/Freepascal are doing just fine and I use those to implement desktop applications. Single exe with no dependencies. Beauty. Sure they're not popular in North America but I could care less. Those tools save me a boatload of time. There is also QT. "The answers were: These tools were good for one developer or small teams, but textual dev tools scaled better to big teams." Utter nonsense. They scale just fine. Whoever gave the answer seem to not know what he/she is talking about. Wrong approach. The claim was made that Delphi does not scale for big teams. Name me one single Delphi related (mis)-feature that prevents it to scale. Working from home is my natural mode for the last 20 years. I use basement so privacy/distraction is not a concern. So far works just fine for me. I own/co-own couple of companies but no other employment. I mainly develop and maintain/sell/lease my own products and do the same thing as a consulting gigs for other companies. "My contact is in my profile" This makes for a good laugh: Queries for the masses. Contact: f'info@${user}.com' "Anecdotally, I struggled to even get digital circuits working after several years of electrical engineering university education until someone who ran our labs told us about bypass capacitors" You're kidding, right? Electrical engineering from University and never heard of bypass capacitors? Bypass capacitors are used in analog circuits as well. Not sure what is wrong about that uni. Anyways I am a former physicist and do not have any formal education in electronics. I learned electronics on my own and bypass capacitors were definitely not the last thing to come by. Ok maybe it is different as I did not apply for permanent position for about 25 years but I have developed/helped to develop many products on consulting basis for other companies and had to go to numerous interviews. Here is my experience: Some companies are hiring a pie in a sky while other have real problems and want to hire people that can solve real problems. Hence 2 type of questions: 1) Write me working Lisp code of some exotic sort algorithm, oh and btw what that Hermite–Minkowski theorem is about. 2) They ask what you've done, how you did it, some references and how you can help them to solve their problem. When I smell #1 I just apologize and leave. #2 can go either way but at least you're talking to a reasonable people with real needs. "those millions can - by vote or brute force - hold their government accountable." I am sort of speechless. You advocate people taking up arms against their government all upon advice of "high morals" spread by corporations. You're right. But it is not a particular trait of modern art. It was the same centuries ago as well. http://www.sanbase.com/ - these were created long before AI became a household name. Actually no AI involved at all. All just pure math. Think it is called "generative art" or something to that tune I realize that. My point was that in my opinion AI in this case does not add anything more "artistically" speaking. I myself did procedural texture generation at one point. There are also commercial packages. This was long time ago so I am not sure in what state those commercial offerings are now. Still you'd be amazed what kinds of textures can be generated procedurally. Definitely not anything less the AI can come up with. At least from what I saw on that AI site. "Site broke on me" - interesting I did not notice anything. Maybe because we might've used different browsers I do not think this code needs any. It is very readable and understandable as it is This is just awesome "I think we should also carefully assess the opportunity cost of not securing the world with american power and returning to a world without a dominant unipolar power, as a multipolar world seems much more prone to conflict." There is nothing good about unipolar power. If ran unchecked it becomes an fucking arm twisting thug ready to go to conflict every time it does not like something. Luckily while most powerful at the moment it is far from being unipolar (not for the lack of trying). I see somebody does not like it. Lemme guess who ... "Since the missile will explode when it hits it's target or at the end of it's flight, the ultimate in garbage collection is performed without programmer intervention." I just can't stop laughing over this "ultimate in garbage collection" . What a guy. Btw we dealt a lot with Rational in the 90's. I might have even met him. Wow, "user centered". It was a refreshing read. Something quite contrary to modern: it looks purty to me and if it is not functional the rest can go eff themselves. "If they can't make sure that their clients are legit, they shouldn't be in the business at all" Really? Then why do we have courts, prosecutors, police and a whole shebang of associated entities. It is their job and they're being paid for it. That is because there is no JUSTICE system. The system we have is not designed to make things right. It is designed to satisfy some things the governments and reaches like to be Care to post any numbers showing how much the overall lifecycle of Tesla's car is reducing CO2 emission over making better ICE based cars? And what about overall pollution. Lithium batteries hold a lots of poison. Do you mean the if the person is physically unable to pay the fine they would keep said person imprisoned? This is effin' crime on it's own. I wish some country like Iceland would just offer her a refugee status (assuming she would want it). This whole thing is really depressing. So going down to basics you have a system that effectively ruins people for the f.. of it and without ANY repercussions for guilty. Dress it any like you want but the result are what matters. USSR also had nice constitution. Really? I thought the whole idea of free "free" was that people do mess with the Authority to keep it in check. Yours truly and many, many others. I do not actually use MFC as I only use C++ for servers. GUI things in my case go to Delphi/Lazarus. There is a whole world outside of that web juggernaut. Maybe he is using his own library. Not unheard of. One of my friends does for example Delphi is quite popular still in Europe. Also it is not just Windows. Delphi/Lazarus produce exe for all the major platforms. I was doing some GUI app for Raspberry Pi and I had Lazarus IDE running right there, along with debugging and all other goodies. Also I mostly develop products and are on my own since 2000. Not much concern on my side about what all those big cloudy companies think. Eff them ;) I would even read it were it not for light grey text on white background. I am declaring personal vendetta against visual design decisions that ignore any common sense. "1. Every one of those 1M masks are not tainted with coronavirus." Let's see - 1 of the masks is infected and other 999,999 are perfect and meet 0.3 micron standard or whatever it is to be effective. Following your logic you'd refuse all. Yes my logic is BS but only because yours is exactly the same, just the opposite end. If somebody helps me out of the potentially deadly hole, I do not give a flying feck about the motives. And that somebody can have all the good PR s/he wants from me as a token of appreciation. Very nicely put. Kudos. Look at it from the other angle. If you are to blame someone for doing XYZ I assume that you are sparkling clean. If however you are doing the same thing simply get lost. You have no moral right to blame someone for doing exactly the same thing you do. It is not "Classic Chinese / Soviet tactic (TM)". It is a friggin natural sense of justice that normal people possess. Yeah right, they had willfully concocted the virus and diligently sprayed it all around on their streets. It is very convenient blaming your adversaries/competitors for your own f..ups. We could've easily shut the borders at first sign and be protected and safe. Have somebody to blame for that hole? Do as I say, not as I do. Hear hear. "The CPC knew about this virus for over a month before they took any action to contain it" You are trying to blame politicos for being who they are. Other governments behaved exactly the same. They knew very well what is coming and still kept flow of goods and people. They are just as guilty in ignoring pandemic. Sure they did not arrest their people for "spreading panic". But that is human rights issue and is totally separate from the subject. Nobody's saying that China is the beacon of freedoms. But sure it feels much better when one can ignore their own screw ups and pin the blame on somebody else. The BS was for you to claim the each mask has to be inspected. I am pretty sure that if the US will have agreed to accept the gift (fat chance I think) they would have some of those checked. And the percentge would hopefully be determined by the experts in the field rather then incompetent Jane/Joes of HN of which we are. "it's important that we do not forget how this crisis started and who was responsible for it. Otherwise, how will we learn to avoid the next one?" Here is the divine revelation - it had started in China. How will it help you when it starts in China or elsewhere next time? And again you've completely ignored the fact that the rest of the world was happily ignoring all dangers and kept borders opened for goods and people without any testing. As for starting first: I guess we could blame first human for all our problems. Guilty party is found, the case closed shut Frankly I do not give a flying hoot about political intricacies of China. If you live there and looking to blame your leaders be my guest. I am way more concerned about what is happening in Western hemisphere where I live. All I know is we've allowed major f'ck up all on our own. I have Lazarus IDE running in Raspberry Pi just fine for one of my fun projects So how we debug the code? I mean other than various form of logging/dump. This is interesting. Will take a look. Police favorite: "high rate of speed" What on earth make high rate non objective. Also I am curious why downvotes Can you please tell what exact operations on DOM are capable of being executed at "billions per second" rate? Got any link to read about a matter? "Maybe this is the time Microsoft gets it right" Windows GUI was done right long time ago by Delphi and now Lazarus. Now it is also multiplatform. When it comes to UI with Delphi approach I could concentrate on what I am doing instead of how . And it's been available for 25 years. I've never kept my repos on Github, Gitlab and the likes. I just host them on my own and rented servers, Sure I loose on that cumulative effect of a single place that has everything but then I do not depend on the whims of some company. Google is trying substitute the OS with their browser. The rest is accordingly to this goal. They'll be exposing more and more of underlying OS functionality on one hand and turning Chrome to be a fully fledged IDE as well. Web and at some point traditional app developers will play along as well since having one platform to develop for is very attractive idea. Web components is just on of many other steps towards this goal. So yes I'm afraid that at some point we will all end up being servants of Google. Hopefully something will prevent this from happening. Somebody is trying to open Pandora's Box here. Who is to decide what deserves compensation and who is going to enforce it? List of various grievances countries have against each other must be enormous. For starters could you please point out where exactly this "reputable journalists" vs "CCP propagandist" topic has been defined? On a subject "CCP Propagandists" were still officially a journalists. You might not like them and they might as well be a propagandists but there are agreements and written and unwritten rules in international politics and diplomacy. When said rules are broken you get tit for tat reaction. Nice war, given the amount of trade between the countries. Sure they call each other names but when it comes to money the rest be damned. "I would argue that someone who's job is to knowingly push [1] a false government narrative in newspaper articles is not a journalist at all." The term journalist has definition that depends from country to country. Generally all foreign journalists are given an accreditation by government and recognized as such, giving them certain privileges and responsibilities. Your personal opinion about this matter means zilch to any government. Well then cut the trade and declare them official enemy. For now big corporations from either country laugh all their way to their banks while we conduct holy battles on HN. I think you are wrong. The key I think is "for use". If you made patented item and are using it you can get sued. Of course nobody really gonna chase an individual but officially you can not. For what it worth the company might loose rights for their patent if it can be proven that it does not perform due diligence (chasing violators being one example). I getting downvotes for reporting simple fact? That's the spirit. Never let the facts get in a way ... Here: "US law is more strict. It forbids anyone from making, using or selling the invention, even when the use is strictly personal." - https://www.iusmentis.com/patents/crashcourse/rights/ I am not. "A patent owner (patentee) may be precluded from enforcing its patent against an alleged infringer after a period of time from the first notice identifying the patent and possible infringement (e.g., 4 ½ years) if the following conditions are met: Misleading Conduct/Silence: The patent owner, through misleading conduct (or silence), leads the alleged infringer to reasonably infer that the patentee does not intend to enforce its patent against the alleged infringer (e.g., by sending a cease-and-desist letter followed by years of silence); Reliance: The alleged infringer relies on that conduct; and Prejudice: The alleged infringer will be materially prejudiced if the patent owner is allowed to proceed with its claim (e.g., alleged infringer has continued selling and expanding product lines). This legal doctrine known as patent equitable estoppel applies on a case-by-case basis to each patent asserted by the patent owner. Therefore, a patent owner may have other patents to enforce which may not be barred by equitable estoppel." - http://www.patenttrademarkblog.com/consequences-of-patent-ow... Again I am getting downvotes for reporting facts. I guess mob opinion rules. Did I ever say I like the situation? We are literally surrounded bu stupid and sometime outright criminal (in a normal human sense) laws. Civil forfeiture alone - whoever came up with this brilliant idea deserves a jail time. Go call them a-holes. Feels better? I just looked at mine, no ads. In anyways I do not use start menu to launch apps. I just do Ctrl+Esc or Win key and proceed to type name of the app. 2-3 latters is normally enough to auto-fill result and off you go. I can't remember last time I used mouse to hunt apps in a menu I am curious where do you people see ads. I do not have any on my windows computers. All hold latest official updates. I asked specifically about ads as I do not have those so curious why others do. I do not need generic Windows criticism as I am using it without any problem for like eternity, so do not really give a hoot if somebody else does not like it. I have whole bunch of Windows and Linux computers (laptops and desktops/servers) and am happy like a clam. "Ceding high end of the market to Apple". I would not go into much details but for example my gaming grade laptop runs circles around Mac that costs twice as much. So sure I'd rather be a "low end" peon with the decent hardware. IntelliJ tools always felt like molasses to me. Maybe has something to do with them being done in Java. Most of my dev tools are native and the feeling is totally different. I am reading this on 32" 4K monitor (2 of them actually are hooked to a gaming laptop). I do not notice any blurriness. For backend development I am writing native C++ servers that run on Linux. But all the development and debugging is done on Windows using Visual Studio. After I am ready to publish I check out the source and rebuild it on Linux. Since I use multi platform libraries all works like a charm and I have yet to encounter any platform related problem. I can still edit/debug project on Linux ( Using CodeLite ) but the need is very rare. This way I get to either build my hardware any way I like or buy a laptop (the kind I can customize) with exact configuration I need. A year ago I did some contract work building docker based software. Had to run many dockers. What I did is I installed VMWare on my Windows laptop and then created Linux VM with 16GB RAM and 4 Cores. Then all docker based development was done on that VM so I did not have to launch separate VM for each container. All fast and snappy. I do not have ads at all and did not have to disable them. This maybe because when I install windows I do it using local account. Not the online account with MS. And of course I answer NOOOOOOO to every question they ask during install. I am running those at native 4K resolution. Frankly I do not get a point of buying 4K monitor to run it at lower resolution Yep this definitely deserves downvote. I guess 4K must be blurry by definition I suspect it wont be long before someone calls your post whataboutism. I relatively recently discovered HN and originally had high hopes bot those quickly evaporated. It looks to me that "exercise evidence-based reasoning" and HN are 2 things that do not have much in common. And the system of downvotiong does not make it any better. Not the language but what it compiles to and of course some sorcery that few people possess. Anyways I had actually used Eclipse and did not find it particularly responsive. Been a while so maybe it is faster now. One of the few true saints. Unless they ride on purpose built/adapted roads I doubt it'll happen in any realistic time. Not Python exactly but I have these situation. I am writing business server in C++ that exposes JSON based RPC API and Javascript client library to access said API. I have no idea where is that claim about high productivity of these free form languages came from. In C++ in addition to the nice intellisense compiler checks everything before sending program to debug. So I do not need to do manual testing during runtime to discover typo in my code. In javascript I can write literally any crap and the system lets it go. Intellisense sucks big time as well. As a result of this and usual typos I have to literally go and do a lot of clicking to see if this part blows up at runtime. So all in all I'd say productivity in C++ is way better. And C++ is not a stellar example of easy language. Actually it is easy for me. Not because I am super-duper programmer but your basic coding with the help of standard library is a piece of cake. I do not really need to be an architecture astronaut and dive into any esoteric stuff. Simply not needed