Having moved from Mysql to Postgresql in 2005 and continued with it up to the present, I'd say it's a superior database for OLTP, enterprise workloads. Mysql's traditional mode with a transactional engine can work too; though, I've found Postgresql to be a solid, consistent performer for my use cases. I've also used it at home after running into trouble with Sqlite: https://paulrrogers.com/2014/10/self-hosting-owncloud-review... . Postgresql's excellent documentation made the move much more practical than it would have been using a clearly less documented tool. (One such as MonetDB circa 2005: http://www.monetdb.org/ .) Similarity to standard SQL and Oracle are also nice if one happens to work in an heavily regulated industry where one may have to migrate to certified platforms. Conflict arises because content isn't truly free. Someone pays of their free time or gets paid to produce by advertising or subscribers. Tools that deliver the content while bypassing payment will drive payment elsewhere or erode the incentive to produce. You must be very selective. I'm curious how you'd feel if it turned out most of Ycombinator's successful ventures depended upon advertising; thereby supporting this very site and community. Advertising is a tool which, like any other, can be used for good or evil. But it's a good point that it's not free to the consumer. Until the law changes True, but built-in replication is still the whole installation or nothing. I believe Slony doesn't have this limitation; though, being trigger-based has some other quirks of it's own. Pgpool is another solution I've also used for a while. All have quirks which I don't recall running into with Mysql's replication. > Old applications are easy to run and popular, because DosBox exists. Actually I think nostalgia makes old stuff popular even when it is challenging to do. I've met people into 1840's-style iron working despite the challenge; and certainly not because it's the most optimal way to produce the desired product. > If it was a paid app, maybe GOG wouldn't be known at all. Or maybe the prices would be much higher than they are now. Perhaps GOG would not exist, but Nintendo has been selling repackaged editions of their old software for a long time now. And maybe GOG and Steam prices should be slightly higher to compensate those doing the ports. If so then some ports may have been better quality. > Of course, then your customer has the 4 freedoms described above, and he could further sell or give your software, along with the sources to somebody else. But this is work and it would involve charges, so he may choose not to do so. With OpenSSL many apparently did use it and resell it without compensating upstream. Only after HeartBleed did that situation change. For a more GPL example I've noticed DosBox Turbo reuses both DosBox and another port's work in their sources. My guess is unmodified reselling may be happening with WooCommerce plug-in's at Woothemes-plugins.com and Wooextension.com. Perhaps they are different for some folks. In my experience most people consider both terms any software that is free to acquire, use, and distribute. Regardless, if wares are acquired and used without charge then the impact on producers and the price expectations of consumers is the same. Certainly that is a benefit for the consumer. But my regrets are because I am a producer. When others can use one's work to resell updated copies without compensation then I doubt one would feel motivated to keep working on it. Interesting perspective, thanks for taking the time to share. I'd imagine that most people who do open source are in a similar situation. That is, expenses already paid. Yet such efforts also appear to undermine the value of your profession as a whole. Consider the poor-yet-educated developer (maybe strait out of college or living in the 3rd world) with a great idea for a to-do application like yours. He pours precious time and effort into his work. Then after establishing his product someone with time to spare starts giving away a free alternative. The poor developer cannot compete as more and more of his consumers, and potential customers, opt for the free project. Quality and execution are the arguments I often read in response to such an argument. Yet the sacrifice of the poor developer just to get basic functionality are greater than those of us who already have a day job. While I love to share, create, and avoid reinventing the wheel; I'd also like others to enjoy at least some of the career and benefits I've been blessed with. Great point. Does anyone know what--if any--limits Grease Monkey puts in place to prevent users from bring exploited? > The only negative feedback you should listen to is from people who really get your target area. And perhaps not even in that case. If they are entrenched in their ways or feel threatened then their advice may hinder. Still, is probably wise to get a variety of input just to avoid overlooking important fundamentals. True. But a jack of all trades with powerful tools may get to market sooner than a large group of specialists who can't see the forest through the trees. Firefox can do this with separate profiles too, so long as you also include --no-remote with other instances. My university was still using telnet around the same time. So I resorted to floppies before finally breaking down and getting a laptop. Red Hat came loaded on some of the college's surplus equipment. Before long I ended up trying it on my laptop too. Updating and driver support was weak back then. Thankfully this has improved a lot. Ubuntu is also a more novice friendly alternative. As an extension author this is disappointing. For all the hate XUL gets, it was a powerful tool to manipulate the UI. Hopefully the new API will be as empowering as the old without the same risks. And ideally this will happen before the old APIs are completely removed. A sliding door seems to be a perfect analogy. And they have existed long before Apple. If they were using Ghostery to block ads--aside from testing--that would be ironic. Or maybe busy people often have trouble saying 'no' Not exactly novel. I've heard of these for months now. A quick web search turns up this blog from 2008: http://www.acleandesign.com/2008/05/password-algorithms-crea... Also seems to produce short passwords. So if the parents are 'on' pot does that mean we've come full circle? > such that they can focus on higher value added work. If the trend continues until nearly everything is free+open then there may be less and less work which is considered "value added". I imagine BadUSB would fall into that latter category I'm curious if such trash would ever be picked up. While I can imagine people being more altruistic once their needs are met, humanity seems to be really near sighted when it comes to subtle-yet-broad problems like trash. "Out of sight, out of mind." KeePass is also an offline option. It includes the ability for auto type to split data among the clipboard and keyboard. Though I didn't like how wide open it is when unlocked, so I made LockyWindow as an plugin to fix that. If IRC's limitations are too cumbersome to workaround there is also XMPP. Patents are a tradeoff: short term power granted (to patent holder) in exchange for long term freedom (for everyone). Isn't this short term thinking? If it causes budget shortfalls elsewhere and the pork is exposed they end up unemployable. Actually I see tabs as a form of multiple document interface inside a single window. It's a valid approach to layering complexity as users multi task more. Excel sheets have worked this way for a long time. Separate windows are not the only way. The premise does align with my experience. Skilled people can adapt to and comprehend the business needs better than packaged tools. That said, well made tools can include lessons learned that could be expensive to develop in house. Often though those are only technical corner cases. Are you saying you basically extorted these companies for a job based on the threat of releasing open source software? PleasantSolutions.com may help. (Full disclosure: I sell an unrelated KeePass plug-in.) Pgpool replication can work that way too Less code is generally better. But I've noticed a lot of folks still using ^ or $ when what they really mean is \A or \z Ideally the code itself should communicate that intent. And comments can become obsolete as code changes. Hence the movement to reduce comments to only what's necessary. Rush hour patterns imply that a lot of that idle time would likely remain idle. EDIT: Fixed typo Not everyone is self motivated or disciplined enough to learn entirely online. Different people also find different learning styles with better for them. Have you looked into NVDA? "The phrase "money is the root of all evil" only exists for a reason..." And all this time I thought it was "love of money" "Never memorize what you can look up in a book" --Einstein CSV is strictly a single table, so it cannot normalize the data. You can end up with a lot of them or a lot of columns and empty cells. Wasn't the core of SQL Server actually Sybase? FYI: There are express and the older desktop versions available for free. Would the Buzz-sumo programmer be expected to investigate their terms of service too? (Often scraping is prohibited.) It may help stretch the brain, similar to learning a new language. Very true, yet the costs are often significant for what most would consider minor. For example speech recognition makes a lot of things easier but can significantly impact the computer's performance. I wonder how close Brave is to exactly this future. My guess is this depends on the child and the institution. Viewing such images risks increasing the production of more of them. Even if that risk is small or unproven the majority doesn't want to gamble. One advantage to the shareware era is there were fewer choices even with indies. During that time I began working at Babbage's when only 25% of the store was games. Now there are so many mainstream games a store cannot fit them all. Not sure about the "past accomplishments" part. I usually feel more drawn to old games I never finished. It can also help when jumping around between many different languages, especially when they are similar. Don't they have backups which could provide some probability the phones may contain relevant evidence? Feature creep if I recall correctly. Though Openshift is an interesting implementation. For the young and healthy that may be true. But we're all going to get old, and most of us will need medical care that could easily exceed that. My guess is this varies widely depending upon the business. Some are more compatible with automation than others. Ecological sustainability would be nice. Though it seems our current means of automating are more often at the expense of our environment. Are guaranteed livable wages a relatively modern phenomenon? Blackberry was doing well before app stores. This. Their text size and reflow are all that I miss from Opera Mobile. Resources consumed by non-subscriber blockers do increase their costs. Professional editions had this before BitLocker. Seems to be available again in v10. It didn't encrypt file names, only contents. Actually I recall an Asian math teacher who used basic English but did so to great effect. Her way of breaking problems down really helped me grasp them more effectively. Of course other non-native instructors were not as good, so I'd guess it depends. Based on what I've read it seems they're most concerned with the impact of consuming technology on their immediate community. My guess is they aren't as concerned about the production of what they consume. You feel safe (as in comfortable?) in whose home? Some people find it unacceptable to live with their parents/siblings/benefactors indefinitely. Well, they'll be cheap as long as energy is cheap. And solar cells are not yet made without fossil fuels. While his solution worked for him, it also revealed a flaw that could've been a deal breaker if sales were demoing the system. Of course what constitutes a significant problem is often up to a nontechnical department. Could be the gateway argument, that smoking less harmful stuff leads to harder stuff. This article offers a high level description of the various parts. While a decent read for the curious, I don't think it's necessary even for those going into embedded work. My experience jumping into some point-of-sale work after college is that anyone with even minimal programming experience can pick this stuff up as they go. Even the worst platform I developed for had built in guides and an IDE. Whitelist based email My experience has been that since underlying platform software changes so quickly locally run purchases are often more work to maintain than SAAS offerings. There is DarkMail Easier to take (possibly steal) on your terms? So animal slavery is the same as human slavery? Should animals automatically be assigned the same rights as humans? Negative value is a subjective judgement. Updates themselves are signed packages. While it's not ideal, careful users do gain value in an open, free, and mature solution. Full disclosure: I sell a plugin for KeePass 2. True, but there is a middle ground. The users of the service could boycott or make their voices heard in other ways. Of course when a single company has a near monopoly due to network effect they become a defacto government. In my experience Sikuli/X was too slow for image search on high definition desktops. UIs also tend to change more than keyboard shortcuts. Setup was always such a time consuming pain. Just tonight I tried to co-op a retro game which still went bad despite two (modern) source ports and hours of tweaking. Steam can help--for a price. Back in the day the first LANs I attended also took hours of preparation in the school AV lab. Still, being in person was interesting. Consoles with split screen make it so much easier. Serial was a bit tricky to get synced as I recall. Nomachine worked reasonably well for me cities apart. I believe it was adding some compression to X at the time; circa 2011. Anyone tried 0install? IME, the win in the application layer is when you can have faster copies pulled from a cache or validate rules that don't relate to other records. Education? This. Sadly even all electric cars have significant externalities. "more noise is made about the scary death robots." Likely because they make for better stories. I'm no fan of more government regulation. Yet it seems clear that totally unregulated markets with uneducated consumers makes a mess of things Technically you don't have to distribute through Mozilla, just submit for signing. While it's true they remain a gatekeeper it's not as bad as the IOS app-store. "Without developing a full-blown sandboxed App Store... there is no way for a pure software play to make money." Defaults can set powerful expectations. A freemium model could work if the market were a bit more willing to pay for software. Because automation takes time. Typically more than just doing it manually every time you move boxes. And sometimes the steps take hours worth of bandwidth when sneaker-net would suffice. > And I could argue that breaking more rules and being more aggressive during the financial melt down has left us much better of in the US. Not sure the aggression and rule breaking are what has helped in the US. Considering the US debt and wasted bailout money I'm not so sure the US really is better off. The broader point is externalities are involved in the use of software by a multitude of people. Even consentual sex can have such impacts when--for example--overpopulaton leads to starvation. Isn't that why he also supported Gnash to replace Flash: as a form of bridge? Aside: Interesting that Apple's insistence on not supporting Flash became a bigger influence. Albeit motivated more by battery drain than ideology. Yet selling software--not services--seems incompatible with RMS's insistence on the freedom of end users to distribute without cost. Sometimes it's impossible understand a podcast with only one ear. Though traffic signals like honking are important. So if it's not too loud otherwise I use only one ear. Worse are the radio stations playing honking/emergency sounds or jerks screaming suddenly as they pass, just for 'fun'. Creates unnecessary anxiety. Constellations of separate apps are better for users who only want certain parts without ceding unnecessary permissions and space. EDIT: 'is' to 'are' Unless it discourages future researchers from undertaking costly research. While true, I don't think this is ideal. Nor should we say it's acceptable. Perhaps there are solutions like capping the quantity, length and jargon of laws as a whole. While the embedded world does have some hard depth limits, my experience has been that the readability of breaking up a function are worth it. This seems especially true when the nested functions are carefully named. Yet without ACID. So many look to me like a familiar skin on a different animal. OwnCloud/NextCloud Especially in light of Ingress before it My father did this as well. Though I didn't like QBasic. So instead I focused on batch scripting--to get games running--then modding. Key to modding seems to be start with a game they like. > If Google brings Android apps onto Chrome on Windows 10 or macOS, it's over, everyone else has lost. Having tried BlueStacks repeatedly I wouldn't say that's game over. Unless Google pulls off the most seamless emulation ever. Sometimes I feel this way. Yet I wonder if it's just that my WP didn't have many apps. Had it been fully loaded the battery and speed advantages may have disappeared. > Prevent ads from blocking other ads is what is most likely about. I wonder where that would leave the Brave browser. > by default you're just specifying a list of tasks to be run on the target machine serially. You don't have to learn a programming language like Ruby to be productive with it. Actually it feels like functional programming to me. It seems to discourage dependencies by continuing (other steps) after failures unless explicitly skipped. Entropy and diminishing returns from readily accessible energy sources will kick in at some point. My guess is it'll happen before the robots are more adaptable to changing road conditions than humans. Yet if Apple becomes a significant majority in a given market then I imagine anti trust would be a concern Measuring that value precisely may ultimately consume more value than a crude metric like hours. This is likely more an artifact of the PHP community and philosophy being focused on ease of use and deployment, circa early 2000's. Consider that Ruby has a few dominant frameworks--like Rails--built on a language with read-hostile features like monkey patching. Unlike Python Ruby often has many ways of doing things, and that's reflected in community gems. (EDIT: swipe-typing fail.) Regardless, there has been some coalescing around more modern PHP frameworks like Laravel recently. Some frameworks are more composeable than others. Even some 'full-stack' ones like Symphony are becoming more component-ized Firefox has a built-in config key to disable animated images: image.animation_mode. And Chrome has a extension too. Grid can dynamically dispatch based on the browser and capabilities you want when you create the session. For some that would be a sad development. Certain able gamers depend upon a sliding scale of difficulty, and at the lower end it could be a slightly interactive movie like experience. Casual players too may prefer a simpler and story focused experience. Requiring a lot of branching and variation may limit story depth. If humans write the algorithms then all the subconscious bias of their authors will still influence them. Algorithms are not holy. Nor is data. It was very gray and cyan by default. Those which came after are better IMO. I grew up in the DOS-Win3-9x era. Even nostalgia can't overcome how ugly the oldies are in comparison. A hardcopy backup is also wise XML is more extensible than JSON. So the latter if a trade off, not an optimization. Perhaps comparing with binary XML would be better. In northern Ohio bicycling all year is becoming more practical as there is less snow lately. Parts of Canada may have a lot more snow and severe cold. Perhaps that's why the pragmatic programmer book was so big on text files for everything. Even if all you have is grep and find they'll work. > Participation in club activities (sports or otherwise) is basically mandatory in junior and senior high school. Not in my experience. For some parents and communities maybe, but certainly not all. Without brand it's hard to stand out in the crowded messaging space. Sometimes payment goes through a third party like BrainTree. So if the merchant wants to minimize the PCI-DSS liability they may use JS to send the data directly to the processor. Games can be really complex 'hard-tech', but compare Elite Dangerous's small+ iterative to Star Citizen's big+all-at-once approaches. Even with things like nuclear energy and particle colliders I'd guess those who succeeded probably started small and iterated. Medical care, children, and less fortunate family members would likely make this impractical for many--if not most. Title implies a broader conclusion than I got from the article. Article seems to conclude that people often compromise on their own morals to conform. Not that "almost all wrongdoing" boils down to social pressures. Still, it was a good read. Didn't the flappy bird developer take a break because of the negative impact users reported? As problems come to light I imagine producers will become more thoughtful about what they make. "The future is probably wealthier, has better technology, and can reap the reward..." For how long can this be true when there are finite-easily-accessible resources? Honestly I feel like the downloads folder is something of a waste. Typically the software there is too old by the time I find myself reinstalling. Perhaps it should be auto purged as things age. Most users probably instinctively move things to be kept elsewhere No! Too much power and information in one place is always bad Reminds me of the proverb about letting others praise you and not praising yourself. Though seems quite mixed when you echo the praise of others. Do you rely on DBAs to help with that tuning and maintenance? Or are developers handling that? This depends upon the business case. Some just do not permit reloading the whole page for every server interaction. Very interactive multiplayer games come to mind. We are in a different place today; arguably worse. And if everyone ad-blocking is not sustainable then there will be less for you to consume. "I love hearing a developer at a daily stand-up meeting saying he's been up all night..." A phrase I heard from a much older, wiser developer: "heroism doesn't scale." If you encourage workaholic behavior don't be surprised if the team starts falling apart, or worse if their families suffer. Ideally these extra features could be put at the bottom or tucked away under menus. But I think the assumption is that power users have a desktop. This seems the most practical, though I imagine the consumer is likely going change their ISP until they find one that won't. So ISPs have no incentive to do this unless they're regulated. If customers or ISPs had tools to find out which devices were at fault then it may be more feasible. Mattermost? As a daily Linux user I feel your pain, but have you considered Windows 10 with their Ubuntu coop install? I'm seriously considering it for user-space apps. GPL doesn't prohibit payment. It just implicitly undercuts payment because the first to pay can redistribute for less or nothing. Yet some projects still squeak out some money: Synergy, DOSBox Turbo, etc. Perhaps David gets more grace than Goliath? Or Austin's government is oblivious. Years ago I migrated from OS X to Kubuntu. Back then KDE was far and away the easiest to reconfigure to Mac's keyboard shortcuts. KDE apps used to be integrated well too which felt a lot like Mac. Some also lacked polish, but they made up for it in customization and theming options which put OSX to shame. Mobile browsers don't always keep things until the server says they expire. That being said a frequent user will probably end up saving data in the long run. IME free and open software does tend toward abandonment or some form of monetization over time. Just ran into this with Synergy recently. Serious question: do you audit code changes in browser updates? EDIT: I realize there are (probably) fewer authors involved there. String matching is much simpler than timing and other means. Terse+honest agent strings could also avoid the confusing bloat seen in UAs like Edge. Theoretically, OS and hardware access outside the sandbox most browsers are confined to. Toggl for example can log time per window title when it's app is running on desktop. What alternatives have you found with more choice? Ubuntu phones? While practical this creates instant monopolies. Where is SemVer for hardware models? Hard to know until you've done it. You could end up with Drupal when all you needed was WordPress. "...receiving mail even though she specifically made sure that that box was unchecked..." One would hope laws about fraud would cover this situation. If there is only one desktop user and their only session is locked, then yes. On a multi user workstation the current behavior--initiating new adapter--may be preferred. VeraCrypt and CipherShed picked up where TrueCrypt left off. Best thing about Windows Phone was the email notifications didn't make noise by default. ... If all those sites blindly rely upon automatic updates. Some popular fiction may help establish a reading habit. Hopefully one that will mature into more substantive material. Could it be the difference between engineering and research/science? Often programmers are just trying to get something that works on time and under budget. And the hardware today is less constrained than the programmer's schedule. Imagine being told to weave something overnight, the only needle is lost in a haystack. But there are plenty of thin sticks on the ground and some thread. Oh, and the product is expected to last 3 months at most. If humans cannot live sustainably on Earth then what hope is there of existing in any form elsewhere? This is why I wish PostgreSQL just had explicit hints. Their argument against is sensible as it does increase the maintenance cost, but when features become defacto planner hints then readability suffers more. And both Perl and Python suffer/benefit from radical breaks that split the ecosystem. Peer exposure was important for me growing up. Despite bullying it is useful for learning to relate to others at and below one's level. And for only children that may not be available outside school. Of course with schools the ratio of peers to adults is dangerously close to Lord of the Flies. Suddenly the local city rules about sidewalk quality doesn't seem so bad. Thanks for sharing. Maybe since the characteristic being called out is related to ability? Of course there is a spectrum, and at some point nearly everyone is unable to do common tasks we usually take for granted. I'm amazed how quickly I forget after recovering from an injury or finding a workaround to a physical limitation. "Deafness is a defining and inseparable part of who they are as a person" Tangent: How true is that for people who become deaf at different stages of life besides birth? Having just tried the Oculus tonight--and no others--I think each buyer should try them all personally before dropping the minimum $400 cost. Perhaps FB would benefit from a check or looks-interesting reaction The cat and mouse game between publishers and blockers continues to pollute the web for everyone. Sad to see things escalating so quickly. Barring some massive breakthroughs my guess is planet earth has far too few resources for that to become reality. After being burned by ATI and Nvidia driver installs gone bad I'm reluctant to use anything but the defaults. Software SDKs too seem especially brittle when installed apart from the recommended options. So it's not only casual users who prefer the default. "Task Manager is a fundamental tool to understand the runtime state" IIRC, the taskbar and tray are meant to communicate that at all times. But trays were easily overrun as people installed more and more background software on a single PC. Modern taskbars too have become so crowded there are groupings and virtual taskbars for the virtual desktops. One cause is software unnecessarily running at all times. Another is people do more with their PCs than in times past. The bane of high-contrast users everywhere The iPhone home button being one example of a context heavy control The YouTube license TLDR says "Don't download" yet the Red service offers offline viewing. So my concern would be that the summaries might cause more confusion, especially arrive premium features. EDIT: fixed typo > Wikipedia had evolved from the early days when I was consistently delighted to find information on all manner of obscure topics IMO, encyclopaedias aren't meant for obscure topics. And any products or services with a focus on curation have to discriminate. Of course the criteria for doing so will probably always be controversial. Some rolled-their-own solutions may have been done before feature/library X emerged. Ironically because those which came later were initially excluded to follow a "take small bites" approach. Why they have non-experts grading specialized subjects is beyond me. I don't want my physics work graded by the PE teacher or vice versa; unless they're knowledgeable in both. Profit motive? If so it seems short sighted. "So why not do it?" Because giving your work away too freely devalues your work and that of your peers. That may be offset by the benefits depending on the circumstance. "Don't forget that marketing budgets for pharmaceuticals are also huge" Why is it advertising regulated drugs to uninformed consumers is legal? Recepient's zone I imagine. "If spamming the user with popups and emails makes them click and buy more, adding more of it is making the site more user friendly." That's a generous interpretation of "user friendly." If a user genuinely wanted those things, then yes it's truly an improvement. If users didn't want them but got the impression pop-ups and emails were required then it's more debatable. Put another way, paying for things is not user friendly, but without doing so there would be less worthy of buying. "With the coming of VR I expect we're going to see more commonly people who barely if ever go on vacation but go on vacation via VR." As an introvert who also enjoys VR, I doubt many people will do VR instead of physical vacation trips. The pros of real life trips (people, food, weather, sports) outway the those offered by current or near future VR (go 'anywhere', teleport instantly, etc.). Hopefully the future will prove me wrong. Owncloud and Nextcloud aren't a protocol, but they do support WebDAV and have Dropbox-like features. EDIT: Fixed typo "However, many companies that have open offices enjoyed an incredible success and some even achieved world domination (Facebook). How is that even possible is what I'd really like to know." Many civilizations also thrived on the backs of slave labor. We don't look to slavery as the way forward today. That being said, some people prefer the social aspects of working physically close to others. Ideally companies will provide what works best for each employee. At the end of the day business is both by and for people. EDIT: Corrected typo Seems to be missing a 'not' "Think of the assembly line worker..." While I'm grateful to service workers who must be on-site because of the nature of their work, there is a case to be made that some workers are more productive and happy private settings. And if the overall costs are similar then why don't information workers have a choice? "...industry-style work environment, and one that has been enormously successful..." Seems to be confusing correlation with causation. > can be fun, but the gameplay becomes pretty limited If I recall correctly, low gravity often made me want to avoid jumping due to the lack of air control compared to ground running. "But it can be a tremendous source of signal..." Does relying upon such a signal risk putting minorites--who typically have less free time--at a disadvantage? Do those stats account for different populations of users? I imagine there are far more people using alcohol and tobacco. My guess is that if robots put enough people out of work then the ability to pay will impact the demand "...software you are already giving for free" Free and open software has created the expectation that software has no cost. Trying to overcome that after the fact will take time and education. "I hope to retire next year to do open source full time with money made from closed source." Sounds like pulling the ladder up afterward. Perhaps the niche you plan to target with FOSS would have supported a fresh graduate's new career. But your work may condition that market to expect it for free. I always appreciated that Postgresql documents their differences from standard SQL. When I want to know the standard way I often revisit their documents, in addition to those of the database I'm using. Doing it is one thing. Distributing for free is taking it a step further. If enough people take those extra steps then eventually the value of programming as a skill is diminished for everyone. I imagine you'd notice the battery drain if that were really a mic eavesdrop. More likely you and your wife are demographically similar to others those advertisers are researching and targeting Those files will add up very quickly. On Linux I had screenshots for every click for months and the results were numerous enough to bring 'ls' to its knees Doom modding was a challenge too, though more because the tools were immature. Now Duke3D changed that when it shipped with Build. Now I know teens who still use Build to experiment despite it being nearly as old as them. IME Windows 7 and above are judicious about the elevation prompts, at least compared to Vista. Sadly too many legacy apps still need those privileges. And those users who don't understand the risks may be more likely to be using that kind of older software. As someone who did mods for years I think it can vary widely. A mod can become as consuming as a job, yet without the benefits. While a few have hit it big there are plenty more whose creators have nothing tangible for their efforts. Keepass2android is a solid choice for Android mobile devices. In my brief experience with adtech integrations it's more about costs in time and servers. Piwik takes more Their argument is persuasive. Prominent figures should take care before taking pragmatic steps that likely to further entrench the powerful. Of course they risk becoming a standards body whom no one follows. KeePass2Android Offline Their online version also supports self hosted services What product? Being a hold over employee through 4 rewrites I'd say that can be one factor. Another is that the business landscape changes too. So all these factors combined make it difficult to say for certain which of them had an objective impact. Buying new ones every 3 years seems the more wasteful choice, especially when they can be upgraded. How does it work socially? Interesting that Microsoft is so eager to support enough syscalls for non-GUI developers. But I wonder how much this increases the attack surface of both Windows and the WSL Linux. When there are [line] width guidelines then the difference between 2 and 8 adds up Aren't soy beans poisoness when uncooked? And I doubt people ate large volumes of those others without the fiber. A family member of mine needed a quick way to grade student work. After a few dozen hours I had a wiki-like format loading for them to try. With a few more features tailored to language learning it ended up saving a few hundred hours per year. Probably cost me $5000 since I could have been consulting. Still, it was worth it for love. Now certain students hate using it, though they do appreciate getting their grades back sooner. I've tried this approach too. Though it's challenging to maintain the constant vigilance that's sometimes required. I doubt it's a workable solution for most of the people I know. For me it's the ease of adding new sites, which is frequent. As a long time Keepass user I know the pain of generating often requiring navigating two programs for every sign up. In light of recent revelations I'm considering going back. And possibly telling friends and family to maintain a separate LastPass for their important stuff, in a separate browser. Sometimes, yes. Usually for the bicycle and the cold. Which do you recommend? Which for non technical users who can barely manage LastPass? "...consider there was no physical servers to break either." Consider that the cloud they did rely upon was comprised of other people's computers. Are there sources for this which include externalities like mining and producing the fuel? And when S3 was glitchy recently [those] depending solely upon it suffered. Arguably less than they may have otherwise. But with one's own hardware one has more control. EDIT: fixed swipe typo Not the OP, though I have been involved in fertility treatments. And I do feel conflicted knowing my family's genetic history will be passed on, both good and bad. Long term a reliance on these things could be a net negative for society as a whole. "If that wasn't true, they'd just adopt or raise foster children" Adoption has negative connotations for some families and cultures. So it's possible there are other motives involved. Question itself strikes me as only slightly better than "How do you make workers indentured servants?" Thankfully the article itself proposes the questioner reconsider the realities of programming work. !? Except hostages don't know they're being kidnapped. Slack's pricing is no secret. Why assume racism? Some people hope their children will be in their elder years, and adopting means the children may be more likely to bond with biological parents. Media that romanticize finding one's 'real' parents can indirectly contribute to those kinds of concerns. Obviously genetic issues are deeply personal. I'm not advocating denying people fundamental rights. Two biggest issues I had walking, later biking, the last leg of my commute were the air pollution and time. Still, it was good exercise. Now that I WFH exercise has to be more deliberate. "You could tap it while driving..." This probably violates the Google Maps EULA if not the law in some places. IIRC, this is explored in Soylent Green: furniture and food "Not found" A separate, portable browser install would be wise. Even better if it's a bootable image of a trustworthy OS. Since pros only play once a week--risk of lifelong injury included--I don't expected amateurs to do it that often. No need for cynicism. EDIT: word order This had bothered me in the past despite growing up in a culture that demands it. Yet many things in language are far removed from their original intent, and we accept them (i.e. irregular verbs). Personally I try to use less invasive openers, or at least take a moment to genuinely respond with how I feel at the time. Do you have any tools to automate that process? IIRC it was fuel for energy production. While other islands changed to other energy sources PR kept burning oil. So the spike in costs a few years ago probably hurt. There is also a large portion of the population receiving government jobs or support. It's all about trust. If you trust the 3rd party more then it's good. That could be because the authentication provider has more resources to devote to things like intrusion detection. A separate service also isolates your credentials from the various services. Downsides include telling that 3rd party every time you sign in and putting all your access rights in one place. This was something I thought POP did better since it requires maintaining one's own copies after downloading. But it was much less convenient as people used more devices. Sad that managing our own multi device services is so time consuming. On the micro level that's my experience too. Though I suspect at the macro level competitors with more flexible​automation will win more business. Assuming a competitive market. One could argue that securing the patent puts the innovation into the public domain. Otherwise it might have stayed inside one person or company's domain. Then died with them. Reducing otherwise involuntary interactions can be a good thing. Ironically I think the ideal is an OS with open infrastructure for 'stores' and all the good features they bring. (Ease of discovery, auto updates, etc.) This is how Linux repositories got it right. Giving people more choice in how they satisfy their social needs is good. If they're unaware of how to fulfill them then I wouldn't argue for forcing them to do so through chores. True. There is a balance. And most children are required too interact socially for their own good. I worked at a place that sent such robots to clients. They said it worked well. My guess is it was an improvement to no physical presence combined with the novelty factor. In a perfect world targeted ads could respond to what you want and haven't found yourself. And it would be at the best price, performance, etc that you preferred. Recently I was seeking a way to record surround sound in surround sound. If ads had led me to that it would have been great. Instead I spent a week seeking and experimenting until sibling upon a semi abandoned commercial solution. In practice ads don't know my desires well enough. Keepass2 actually has reasonably good built-in merging. There are also sync plugins which could help with the cloud provider's own collision copy issues Which is its greatest weakness IMO since a compromise of the master key means all accounts using that key are vulnerable. And one doesn't need the key database to get it. It could be guessed. With passwords an attacker has to guess each site independently, or gain access to the password database and the decryption password. IIRC the SQRL file itself is like a database of master keys so one can change them in an orderly way. But the idea is to have only one, or a few. Klik & Play had a curious mix of questionnaire and spread sheet programming when making games. I pushed it as far as a 14 year old could. I think the density of information and need to control abstractions are where visual tools break down. I'd like to hope the US is just better at catching criminals than the rest of the world. Sadly these conflicts of interest make that the less likely explanation. Is this true for all storage engines? My experience was partially or completely broken sites which I had to interact with. Such breakage wasn't always obvious which led to a sense of doubt whenever trying something new. Even as an experienced Noscript user and web developer the unscripted experience was annoying to manage I made FocyOverride for that, still need to update it for the WebExtension API Did you mean to say "over to"? If so then what happens when your father is gone? Modern webpages aren't just electric paper though. Often they are very dynamic and interactive applications. (Regardless of whether or not the content warrants it) Less worse: Consuming fewer unnecessary resources than I have in the past Worse: Continuing to consume unnecessary resources Better: ... I'll get back to you Printing, games, and slower performance for things like Netflix and boot. Cost in money and waste are other factors. Perhaps I can put Chrome OS on one of their existing computers. Tried it for a while, though the search window was too slow to load on my workstation. Bing Rewards pays people to search in the form of Amazon and other gift cards Which JSON features were lacking in Maria/MySQL? How would this be enforced? This is true for some. Though I'm not sure it always applies. OpenSSL developers needed money to guarantee their time, yet for years it was not much money. As a would-be designer turned developer I'd say their old icons were good enough. IMO colors and logotype consistency are probably more important. Soaking of text... maybe consistent defaults for markup among products would more appreciated than anything. Said another way, why didn't they adjust the notch or other dimensions to support the nearest wider standard like 18.5:9? Bravo for your efforts to live more sustainably. Still, I don't think it's practical for every person to have 20 acres, wildlife, and the means to enjoy it all without long workdays. Popcorn time comes to mind. It's a quality service based on piracy. But personally I'd rather be legit and pay a bit more in effort or money. The Spotify model is arguably more successful _because_ they pay artists so little. I don't buy music much anymore. Pandora and Spotify satisfy most of my desire for it. Glad you found what works for you. Cow milk doesn't work for everyone as some are lactose intolerant. Having done both help desk and development I think a taste of support is good for everyone. Of course it must be only a taste. And ideally it would include supervision from support professionals. Another approach is to have people sit in on support for a brief period to get a snapshot of what it's like and the problems they encounter. Then these observers don't have to fulfill a role they aren't prepared to handle. Ad Nauseam is a curious recommendation. While it devalues you individually, it also consumes bandwidth locally and remotely. Feels like accelerating the arms race. A coworker had one. IIRC she used it primarily for writing. Certifications or compliance? Xmarks is still around, albeit less capable than fully integrated Chrome There must be an upper limit though. Most of those things are invisible resources for users to do other work or play. How do you maintain your anonymity? Soup? Having used the XMPP gateway I wouldn't call it a viable alternative This is how it appeared to me after a few years of mods and game prototypes. SAAS jobs pay the bills with a better life balance than what many game studios are offering. I was thinking this should be a flash drive. Sharing my perspective isn't judging for others. Certainly each person has to find what works for them and their situation. Still, I caution people to consider the possibilities they may be sacrificing. Walmart employees used to be trained to always escort the customer when they ask for help finding something. Perhaps the powerful should have less professional privacy. But personal privacy is not far from dignity for many. So let's not make their personal lives any more of an industry than it already is. Still, the idea that the weak should have more privacy sounds about right. Gratitude has its place. Still, doesn't pay the bills. Perhaps Patreon and GitTip like solutions will prove more sustainable. Isn't this the whole point of gambling in casinos where the house has the edge? Why don't they have a normalized slug to ensure name uniqueness? Or if so why would it consider whitespace differences unique? Probably because spaces have long been an important delimiter in queries and shells. Secure access to the clipboard is probably going to require a permission prompt. Otherwise it seems too risky. I wonder if that's only true if we grow them then never cut them down. Because if the full lifecycle ends with combustion or another CO2 releasing process then it may offer no benefit. ^STEM ? EDIT: ah, now I see (A)rt Why else is it terrible? Is gold a good comparison though? Gold has value beyond fiat in manufacturing. If Bitcoin cannot provide value for exchange then why would it be a better store of value? "Of course, the whole article amounts to a description of how the island has healed" While life has continued there it's more because of the absence of humans. And likely despite the radiation which makes the island inhospitable for humans. I wouldn't say 'healed' is the way to describe a place that continues to have poisoned water and food for decades to come. IIRC it requires open sourcing everything involved in a service, unlike the GPL May have more to do with the pace of the industry your serving and maturity of the software. In a niche that doesn't change much it's probably easier to get dialed in to what most customers want and need. This is one major advantage, alongside ease of setup and use, and free up to 10k messages. Still, I've gotten duplicate messages, delayed messages, and even out of order messages. Article is an entertaining history of the ARCOS distro. Anyone know if they are MVCC based? ACID? Mobile site is Spartan on details. EDIT: They do mention it's not transactional. Perhaps I misunderstood: "Using mixed storage engines is not recommended in production because it is not really transactional, ..." http://myrocks.io/docs/getting-started/#migrating-from-innod... Landfills emit gases and things collapse as the waste changes over time. They aren't perfect foundations for future construction. Sounds similar to Windows 10. Small sample size (21) and only one who preferred windows over tabs. Still, may be worth studying more. I prefer browser tabs after resisting them for about a year. And I still prefer separate terminal windows. So maybe I'm not the best judge. Ubuntu used to have their own bundled add-on which may have affected those defaults I agree the unnecessary change is tiresome. Unfortunately some influential folks prefer to treat UI like fashion. That said, there are times when UIs must change to accommodate new interface devices like touch screens. And maintaining both old and new forever is impractical. Did you mean "reasons not to use..."? Did you mean "less falsifiable"? Ouch, harsh. They do have over 3 million people. Many of whom are bilingual and reasonably well educated. It also has ports critical for international trade. Please don't dismiss an entire country so flippantly. The tone stuck me as flippant. If it was meant as a serious question then I apologize. "...first chat app of its kind since 1997" Wasn't ICQ the same kind of chat app? Is it reasonable and scalable to expect people to volunteer their time and expertise largely for the benefit of for-profit businesses? (Disregarding the benefits to the communities themselves.) Due to network effects and inertia I imagine building communities in walled gardens only makes it more difficult to leave if the platform changes their terms. Patreon's recent fee change being one example. This gets to the heart of the matter: what is the core functionality? For some saving bookmarks isn't effective while a solution like Pocket fits them better. Hello was an experiment to see if making video communication more accessible would connect people. Consider the saying about how no one uses every part of Microsoft Word, yet everyone uses a different ~10%. Anyway, I think it's great that Mozilla experiment and try pushing the web forward. If only they were more transparent and consistently made these things opt in. Yet we also need variety in our engines. Otherwise it's IE6 all over again. Diversity makes us stronger. At a high level the needle hasn't moved much. But even little movements do add up. I'd rather not go back to a web before fuzz testing, fewer accessibility standards, and password managers. Not to mention AOL and its kind dividing the world into disconnected, walled gardens. Did you mean 'dissent'? IME, it should never take more than a few hours to run down why the ORM made such a query. At a minimum most RDBMS's have query logging and can explain queries. Ironically the last time I had a big ORM performance problem was Hibernate eager loading all joins. Diagnosing and fixing it didn't take more than an hour. (Though we did have a very experienced DBA at the time.) YMMV Did you mean Hummer? Netflix has a download feature. Does 'download' in this context mean downloaded from unlicenced sources? A middle ground could be rentals per series or movie such as on iTunes or Amazon Prime. "Making generalisations about breeds needn't override that." Training goes a long way. Yet my experience with dogs is that there are individuals with a bad temperament. And breed does strongly correlate with size. So in situations where a bad mannered individual dog of a large breed does act out the potential for harm is higher than if it were a smaller breed. Owning large and powerful dogs of any breed is a risk. This decrease in capability seems to be a weakness with Mac App Store as well, that and the ramp up from 0% to 30% of purchase price. As a user I personally prefer more powerful software and a more financially motivated developer; even when it makes buying more bespoke. ^thought While that may be true, defaults matter too. Even as a privacy conscious techie it's possible to forget the X different settings one must change with each new install or device. And for some dissidents or researchers those defaults could be life or career ending. My guess is this could be driving the divide between semantic and vanity versions. If a developer has a big new update that's fully backward compatible they'll still be tempted to bump the major version of it means they can justify selling it separately. (Assuming stores allow names with a numeric bump.) Very helpful. The new Noscript is a huge departure and the lack of text for icons makes it much harder to learn it transition Folding at home Feels like the number of things to turn off is growing out of hand. It would seem the only guaranteed way for a browser to avoid interception of credentials is to deny JS access to sign-in fields. Even write-only access risks allowing other scripts access to the key and mouse events. Am I missing something? "I use an ad blocker, because otherwise the web is unusable" What sites are unusable? Aside from some click-bait destinations like BuzzFeed I've found the web without ad blockers works well enough. Lots of third party apps rely upon Google APIs which are not a part of ASOP "Currently they're supposed to be happy to make do with devices developed in the 1930s." Legs are billions of years old and wheels where invented thousands of years ago. Yet we still use them were they remain most effective. No doubt there is room to improve mobility options, but cost and battery capacity are very real constraints. And sometimes mimicking nature too closely is less effective; i.e. planes without flapping wings. All that to say the web was born more accessible than magazines. It's probably more effective to maintain that semantic heritage than make machines that can translate flattened images like an interpreter. Still, experimentation is great. Nothing wrong with trying to make the machine. I just wouldn't advise that the whole web forget accessibility because the tools _should_ already exist. EDIT: fixed typo Didn't say 'how'. I'm curious if the blacklisting approach will scale A centralized, auto synced, cross-browser whitelist would be nice. Of course everyone's individual lists would be different. Sounds like good hygiene, though it seems burdensome if everyone must do it or seriously risk infection. Ideally there would be at least minimal sanity checks and a formal process before a package can be claimed by someone else. Not the OP, but if jet fuel were more sustainable or electric planes more common then certainly. (I too feel conflicted about plane travel and it's long term impact.) XMPP had federation. Sadly it didn't last long at the big providers. Using Noscript or an equivalent can be very enlightening. IME many major sites do work without JS. My guess is for accessibility. You do want and have E2E encryption in Slack in transit. And the case can be made that wanting it at rest is just as important as authorities change over time. Having an employed spouse seems to be a common thread "Turn right, go right. Well except every captain with his boat will tell you they will go left." Is this really true of ships with steering wheels? I know those with a fixed rudder control do work opposite the desired direction. Maybe for screen equipped wearables we'll see buttons disappear. Though I doubt keyboards on laptops and game controller buttons will be replaced any time soon. Consider the move from tablets to laptops and paper in schools. Having grown up in a faith+medicine culture I've not witnessed any proven healings (that didn't invoke medicine too) in over 20 years. It's one of the reasons I'm not a believer today. Can you provide some examples? Any one character in particular? Test suites that rely on fast rollback may beg to differ Could you provide an example of solutions without real problems, game engines or otherwise? Takes the block-as-a-unit thing from Minecraft and has a side scroller engine to start with. There art editor cleverly separates the pixels, though I prefer more traditional paint programs. Reminds me of Klik & Play. That product relied on a spreadsheet or prompt-based effect definitions. One data point? Are you sure most of the people you know were eating healthier than you? Ultimately markets serve humans, even if the number of beneficiaries is shrinking. And living in a world of limited resources I doubt that AI will have a long term future. It's so dependent on humans to provide: electricity, computer hardware, maintenance, and even purpose. Humans, at present, also seem better equipped to adapt to irrational markets; especially when they are the source of irrational behavior. TLDR: Some companies have toxic culture, pay attention to red flags, read contracts carefully, speak out so things can change. (Worth a full read if you've got the time. Some scary places out there.) If they pay minimal taxes then who pays for all the infrastructure and services normally funded by taxes? Did he have a criminal record when ADT hired him? That also requires the will to spend the money on offsetting the environmental damage done. Rarely beneficial for labors' wages, on the whole. I'd add to that "not obfuscated" too since JS minimization and WASM can be as obscure as binary. I would not say "as secure as possible" since the risks introduced by a browser extension are very real. Though the alternatives lately are impractical for non-technical users Transferable skills is a good point. I was thinking more of the value developers created being more freely accessible, and therefore making employers/consumers less willing to pay for it. Companies would pay to develop/buy non-core software such as for infrastructure which they can now get nearly free. On the whole FOSS seems to push the money into the hands of service company owners, since services are not themselves FOSS (usually, excluding AGPL). Not the OP but one reason to tax by earnings could be to capture unmeasured externalities, like fewer choices in the absence of competition. (Although that example would assume earnings strongly relates to marketshare.) One of my driver's ed instructors was a rider who opposed loud pipes. His reasoning was that drivers ahead look left or right to find the sound, often drifting slightly when they do. Then the risk of the motorcycle being hit is increased anyway. This is very unprofessional. Sadly iOS suffers a similar fate with Bluetooth. Updates re-enable Bluetooth regardless of the user's preference [0]. (Or did until newer versions, I haven't updated one in a while.) [0] http://finance.yahoo.com/news/this-is-why-apple-enables-blue... It's admirable that Amazon allows negative reviews on its site. But that's the catch, they could change their mind. Or they could be less aggressive about stopping fake positive reviews. There isn't a good, independent source of reviews on specific listing. EDIT: Typo fixed. And full disclosure, I host reviews of my products on my own site. True, but I'd classify both as overriding explicit user preferences. Usability is too low, unapproachable for non techies. Even my somewhat technical spouse found it unusable after a few months. It could be better with good browser plugins, but then you have the same security tradeoffs as more polished services like Bitwarden or LastPass. In design class we were taught light text on dark backgrounds are easier on the eyes for light emitting mediums. A nice side-effect of forcing such themes on browsers and Windows is that it cut out colorful distractions. Sadly these themes and style overrides often make sites unusable. Edit: typo fix Good management will also avoid including people unnecessarily and encourage a culture where people can depart when it's obvious they're not needed. I tried making an early exit from meetings more acceptable with humor. But ultimately everyone has to buy into the idea. As a casual gamer I find this aggravating. Why should the NPCs be left dumber and less human than they could be? It breaks immersion and makes the game harder for novices to enjoy. Maybe the solution is a classic/pro mode and a novice/Renaissance mode. Wow. This makes me not want to buy them. Why reward slave drivers? Unless it was an employee owned business. If the alternative is completely alienating a large pool of potential customers then I don't see the disadvantage As did I back in the day. But now I'm older with less time to micromanage pathfinding. And our devices are much faster than when many of these games launched Must it be paying for knowledge? What about paying for convenience of accessing it anytime anywhere and in a timely manner? Ultimately someone has to do the research and legwork. If they don't get paid they'll do less/none. Violence should be a last resort with clear boundaries. Sometimes it's better to suffer when there are no better alternatives. My rose-tinted glasses are cracked, so I don't want to go back. Software was a lot less capable back then. And APIs were often incredibly obtuse, bespoke, or both. Slack's official clients allow the user to control notifications, and therefore when they respond. This is unlikely since core WP is now only a small piece of the whole. Plugins now make up a significant part of what people want. React is newer than jQuery so there aren't yet as many mature libraries out there. Still, it's component-ized approach, especially with Redux, can help keep complex applications easier to manage and reason about. Do you mean praising them for effort, not accomplishments? Applications should use all available RAM they practically can for things like cache. Ideally they will hold on to it lightly so other applications can take what they need. Entirely unused RAM is a waste if never used. Couldn't you just sample window titles and automate the categorization? > Rewarding mostly shipping (or launching) seems to be broken in particular I've fallen into this kitchen-sink trap in the past. Though I think it's tough for stakeholders to appreciate the invisibles like security or reliably until those get bad enough to cross a critical threshold. While useful to some I think advanced RE are like mixing in Perl or playing code golf with production code. They tend to make code harder to read. My preference in such cases is for multiple separated or longer REs (which can be at least split in the surrounding code) and each part named or heavily commented. Of course it's always worthwhile to consider non-RE solutions if the problem can be broken down enough. EDIT: Fixed typo My guess is Apple gets a pass because they are not a monopoly ... yet. Is it really consciously avoiding benefiting the poor or just that they think they know better? Gates and Zuckerberg have both given large amounts intending to benefit the poor. Yubikey Google seems to be falling into a similar pattern with it's many different attempts at chat apps Maybe for brights, though they can be blinding to oncoming traffic. Even the LED ones appear too bright to me. > There's also sites that "only work on Chrome" just like they once "only worked on IE". IMO, this is the heart of the matter. And the only evidence I've seen that Google is pushing that agenda is their "works better with Chrome" and bundling campaigns. But even if Google didn't do that the problem of only-works-with websites would likely remain because of website makers. Supporting only one browser is cheaper. And it's likely there will always be one dominant browser. My guess is the only way a responsible yet massively popular browser could prevent the only-works-with problem would be to drop the user agent identifiers. Long term it may even need to sometimes spoof behaviors of its competition. Of course Google being the dominant search crawler they could also use that to leverage a more standardized and interoperable web. 200-300 and probably less for bulk orders and contracts. Some schools also avoid Apple and instead use recycled/repurposed computers that can run as a Linux or Windows thin client. Edit: wording Not the OP but yes, and Clawsmail. Still keep coming back to Thunderbird. There are so many useful add-ons it's hard to leave. And add-ons are easier to write. Isn't that what Microsoft Access was? Owncloud does not yet have contacts and calendar built in. And it can be sketchy depending upon which clients you use with the add-ons and Caldav. May be worth trying Nextcloud instead. (Not a fan of how Nextcloud started but they've got calendar and contacts included.) Even without SNI the ISP could just check the destination IP themselves to find out what domain resides there. Interesting that Apple is exempt Thanks, didn't know that. Still, seems like a loophole if the goal is to reduce waste. Same concern here, that's why I made LockyWindow for Keepass (original). It's a shame there isn't a way to use an interchangable format at the OS level for Macos Keychain, Gnome Keyring, Windows crypto, etc. True, and SQRL has a similar weakness. Keepass does offer some choice in rounds and algorithm. So that can offer some protection. In some cases that's probably true. But consider how few resources were devoted to Openssl before they ended up in the limelight. Then it works in two browsers: most popular and their own. Ideally there would be such a large number of in-use standards compliant browsers that companies had to comply. "... the hardware is going to keep getting more performant at the same price" That is the hope but there are no guarantees. Perhaps specialized hardware can pick up where Moore's Law has tapered off. Hard to take seriously when they have a takeover modal Maybe not Carnegie who built libraries after he made it big, but busted unions and did shady stuff to get rich in the first place. Not sure why he trusts whitepapers over fully open source solutions. Perhaps if Bitwarden were more mature or Keepass more usable they would get more attention. > at least 2 1/2 days of support every week So during a five day week that's up to 50% of the time? IME there are as many interpretations of divine law as there are individuals who believe in a god. Diaper services can also be better for the environment and the wallet. IIRC, Egyptian sources were used because the consistency of Nile River flooding meant their calendars are likely the most accurate. Because of the flooding the harvest was very consistent every year. And taxes and purchases were therefore very consistent. This provides a set of records based on the solar calendar, not subject to the whims of changing rulers. IME none works exactly like Excel and therefore will inevitably fail as users push more and more of it's edges and bugs on the system Not the OP but one example of accepting invalid data is Mysql defaulting values to null/0/0000-00-00 when no value assigned and no default on column. Unless one is in strict mode. Technically true but still 0 is not yet a month or day of the month, so 0000-00-00 is still bad data CSV is simpler and therefore harder for Excel to screw up. Not for lack of trying: exponential values often truncated, Windows 1252 encoding, BOM, etc. It's not about the calendar itself so much as the purchase and tax records that corroborate that with timelines and other evidence. Glad it's working for you as a trust no one solution. But does it concern you that you're telling the world your op sec? Their mobile app appears to only offer copy paste. It'd be nice if they had a custom keyboard or some cross app integration. There seems to be a valley between the way the user expects something works and how it actually does. When users detect a difference they may compensate, if they survive long enough to learn. Of course if users get to used to such differences then those can become 'features' which only makes progress harder. In this case I'd agree that the cons outweigh the pros. Surprising Tesla can legally market the feature or even offer it to the general public in its current form. EDIT: typo Alright so how do privacy minded individuals prevent being identified this way? Browser add-on to randomize inter-keystroke delays? Most families have an Internet router which could help there Interesting findings. I find it annoying when seeing an error while I'm still typing into an input. Those premature errors just give JS a bad name. Auto save is the cure Did you mean "tread lightly"? Resources processed into consumables (soon to be waste) and waste byproducts will have a meaningful impact on future people. And with fewer easily processable resources available they'll be less equipped to clean up our messes. Economics and money are tools that could help mitigate the consumption-at-all-costs problems we have today. IME that's already happened and in some cases come back to on shore. Programming is fundamentally communication: translating business and consumer needs into technical solutions. If a remote team shares the language and enough culture to do that work well then the money will follow. I'd guess that culture, needs, and language are diverse enough that it won't be a race to the bottom any time soon. Decentraleyes and Onionshare look intriguing. Others seem more well-known. Indeed. A part of me is sad to see the semantic vision of XHTML lost in the mix. Though with care HTML5 can be more descriptive than its predecessors. There are some techniques for mitigating those, such as adding new columns as nullable without a default. Did you mean incompatibility? There is a kind of perverse incentive not to work too hard to secure software when doing so removes a critical reason to buy the updates. That being said I do think truly securing an application requires first having a secure platform. Otherwise users could indefinitely demand mitigations at the application layer until it contains most of its own OS. Just curious, what do you think of emojis? Good to see more accessibility tools built-in to this developer edition. Hopefully it'll have some positive effects downstream on sites developed in the future. There is definitely a limit to how abstract and minimalist a UI can be. After months I just recently realized Outlook web' s rules creator accepts a raw email address (without selecting a contact) by clicking the _empty_ white space to the right of the ellipsis. There are no borders, no color change, nothing to indicate a free form text input. EDIT: forgot to add context Not the OP but I did use triggers as suggested in the past. IME the issue is that DDL like triggers are transactional, so when you deploy them executing queries could be using a mix of old and new. Granted, this is an issue for any system comprised of distributed components. Though I think the pain is more acute when it's the source of truth. One way around is downtime or going all in on stored procedures for all work, or at least all writes. The other wrinkle is that the trigger has to be rolled back when reverting code. And some shops are not diligent about maintaining down procedures. There is also the possiblity of rolling back migrations out of the order they were run, so you might not get back to a consistent state. Voice input helped me recover in the past. It was a challenge to get a workable setup, and getting back to the same speed takes a lot of tweaking and experimenting. Sadly the CPU load and maintaining the setup with ever changing OSes has been too much. Though I do still maintain easier keyboard shortcuts almost religiously. AutoHotKey and Karabinder FTW. Perhaps dedicated voice hardware can help. Dabbled in CAD in school and shadowed a mechanical engineer in the late 90s. From what I saw some CAD users only need basic drawings with a few hundred or thousand lines. Even for modeling in 3D the games I was playing and modeling for looked more complex. Maybe it's different today or in certain industries. IIRC it's almost entirely based on game APIs or memory hacking This also works in Mysql. Danger of extinction Last I looked it was limited to 5 users. Gitlab on the other hand offers unlimited users and limited repo size: 10G. While PHP core and officially sanctioned extensions have long been bundled in source and binary distributions there has also been PECL and PEAR. And AutoHotKey to go the other way on Windows Karabinder (Macos) and AutoHotKey (Windows) can help unify whichever you prefer on the other. Linux has Autokey. Before triggers are nice for constraints since they should not amplify writes. But even there they can become easily overlooked by application developers. ^"[IRC] client and it will work for years" ? There is still the time loss. Private vehicles usually save time and have maximum schedule flexibility. Bicycles a scooters could help with the last mile, if they can be managed well. Of course everyone has different thresholds. But I'd guess most people work hard to earn enough for their own time saving luxuries, even if the external costs will hurt their children later in life. "...won't ever... is pure fiction" Do you mean to say humanity certainly could travel to the nearest star? I'm skeptical that anything resembling humanity could because everlasting exponential growth requires infinite resources. And humanity evolved on an abundant--but far from infinite--gravity well. Reminds me of pingbacks That still requires a centralized reputation system to be the clearing house. Unless people frequently comment on the same blogs. And in that case the activity would be more centralized again. During the fourth grade we were taught to type on keyboards, but only as one part of a computer class. I forgot how soon after. Once I got interested in PC gaming I learned to hunt and peck quicky, program batch files, and use macros. Then I got a computer science degree and worked for almost two years as a programmer; typing by staring at keys using two fingers. When the time came it didn't take long to relearn 'proper' typing. For some kids a little exposure to fundamentals at the right time is enough. And there is more to computing than input technique. So long as the kids are interested and motivated nature will find a way. Does that risk pushing their spending to low tax jurisdictions? This isn't always an option, and may violate the DMCA Taken to the extreme this strategy means an ever increasing mountain of things to explain to people. Or things they are expected to learn to become 'literate'. That said I do find open, broadly supported standards liberating, but I'm a developer. And at times even I give up in favor of simpler, inferior solutions. Personally I think browsers would be better if they made it easy to get subscriptions into feed-focused tools or services _in a standardized way_. Because browsers are originally intended for browsing and not consuming or producing feeds. (They could expand into such a role, but the reader Ff had didn't aggregate feeds well.) Ever try DbVis? It's got a nice graphing feature for DBs with FK constraints. Syndication may pay a role too. IIRC, the threshold was like 70 episodes. And once it goes into reruns it may air indefinitely. Interesting concept. Triggers can get close to the same effect in a traditional DB. Why do browsers allow changing the back button history before the visitor arrived at the domain? Seems like a subtle cross origin attack if that is truly what's happening. That would require storing where they came from as well as waiting for--or forcing--them to visit at least one more page on the attacker's site. So it'd still make backjacking harder. Maybe pages that immediately redirect on first arrival should also not count toward back history. Now a more perfect solution would require browsers snapshot where the user cane from then block or warn about pages at the destination that look too similar. Though that seems unnecessarily complex for most users. Jedit made supporting a bespoke language trivial. Glad to see VS Code is making the process frictionless as well. Makes coding in such languages so much easier on the eyes. It's more of an ignorance tax. And I for one am glad there are laws, regulations, and other non-market tools protecting me from hazards like sloppy construction, poisoned water, and preventable diseases. IIRC, Noscript had per-domain JS controls before Umatrix existed. ^/s Looks like a lot of work per function. Though may be justifiable for security focused distro or library. Keepass tries to mitigate this, as well as keyloggers, by splitting autoinsertion into parts using both. An even better solution is probably one-time passwords with 2FA. > Don't store sensitive information in cloud services like Evernote or Dropbox. Good advice but distinguishing when the cloud is involved is getting harder, even for technical people. IME customer requirements change often, even if only because of fads. Interoperating with ever changing third parties is another complication. Scooters are probably a greater danger to themselves. And when it comes to law-making protecting children is the premise no one can vote against. Even if teens driving cars were an empirically proven greater threat to children. The Selfish Gene (Dawkins) actually explores the idea that organisms began as DNA replicating 'machines'. Keeping those whitelists synced or at least copied across devices can be a challenge. IIRC Noscript could save data to a bookmarklet for that purpose. If it's a dumb string-start check then that could be a lot of false positives. How often has it been wrong? I personally hate wondering why something's not working and having to go through every extension to debug my browsing session. Doesn't this encourage terminating employees before that N year, unless they are absolutely essential? Are you saying you think it's much better or much worse? Maybe because it undermines fundamental US business interests, and therefore wellbeing? If so it still seems like a stretch to me. Doubtful we'd have no where else to source steel if war or disaster struck. How did she handle the precision problem? It's passed on in aggregate, spreading the burden. Except now the burden gets heavier for all because some companies find a way to leverage the most vulnerable. One counterargument could be that users who ignore updates too often will lose control to malicious software over time. Password managers appear to be growing into this role. As secret questions become increasingly ineffective better answers are random and unique. It quickly reaches the point that human memory and paper can not accommodate. EDIT: forgot 'not' IIRC there is a hack where you put a single quote after the comma and Excel will treat it as a string. Unfortunately it doesn't help exporting to unknown systems which l likely don't do the same. For those who believe in an unpleasant afterlife there is much to fear. (Not saying it's rational.) Is Adium still maintained? Their version history link is broken. If only they had regular expression support in the built in find. A few times I've put that into web apps and found it quite useful. Not so sure ARIA is the most practical answer since it's so big and full of edge cases. Still, the promise of a more text descriptive web is exciting. IME making JS optional, putting text descriptions, and preserving keyboard access to all features is much lower hanging fruit. For me it was seeing messages from my ISP creeping into traffic from other sites. That's not OK Multiple solutions is also a wonderful trait in games like Deus Ex. Didn't know QFG1 worked that way, now I have a reason to try it. Thanks. > I don't use a DE at all Just curious, what do you use? If cultures are that toxic to self improvement then what can be done? They could disclose their warrants after cases have closed and there are no loose ends. Maybe. They could probably redact the 'how' details. And even if not I wonder how many of their methods are truly secret. EDIT: typo If those password-URLs are one time use then they are better than a static password. Still, it's likely those are managed via email which makes that a single point of failure. IME it's easy to look back and focus on doing the knowns. But starting from ignorance and alone is likely to take longer than a skilled team starting from scratch. Of course it must be the right size to explore and implement the solutions without too much overhead. Gmail in 2018 feels like I'm downloading Thunderbird every time it opens. Ideally I'd only need to load it all once and then it'll be cached for faster load next time. But maybe that's too much to ask when changes must be deployed multiple times a day. And yet the Gmail experience is not significantly better than non-JS alternatives, at least for m my use cases. Could be that web servers don't have much more bandwidth per client. Or that they're actually cold starting VMs or lambda functions instead of running constantly. Still, I agree the overall feel of the web had gotten shower and jankier over time. The price and quality of service are very different with satellite or wireless. Compared to cable the alternatives are slower, higher latency, less reliable, and more expensive. The predecessor to FF Sync was the open source Weave which you could self host. It was WebDAV-based I believe. Sadly they deprecated it in favor of FF Sync. EDIT: Forgot to mention Weave was exciting because you could integrate with other browsers. And there was a Dolphin add-on which did just that. I believe the Deb world also has Jigsaw Like GDI? (Honest question, not much of a graphics coder myself) This unofficial package for Laravel tries to ease the pain of running Laravel DB migrations on large, MySQL tables. It converts them to pt-online-schema-change commands. While it cannot completely shield developers from the intricacies of PTOSC it can help keep the migrations table updated and the migrate commands consistent. Traits are also provided to mark migrations known to be incompatible. Religious organizations seem to get the biggest pass around here (Midwest US). Yet these same people (myself previously included) are so skeptical of all the _other_ religious organizations/systems they're nota part of. > People can at least take it to streets and demand facts, which is not possible when we are talking about China. I agree the US is better about permitting public protest. But if the directors of these US agencies can lie to Congress[0] without consequence then does it really matter? [0] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2014/01/27... EnterpriseDB offers some additional compatibility features in their flavor of Postgresql. It looked a lot easier than a move to MySQL. IME, it is awkward to revisit collapsed threads in Slack; especially after the thread has aged a few hours. Maybe instead of 'public' [to community] it should use a phrases like "whole community" and "only invited". To me 'public' implies The entire world. Some password managers like Keepass put the password into the clipboard only temporarily. And their Auto-type actually splits input among simulated key presses and clipboard data.