Two reasons actually: its flat, and small (dense). Wherever you want to go, it isn't unrealistic to do so by bicycle. A huge flat country with large sprawling cities wouldn't have as many bikes. Perhaps a novice question coming from a mostly Windows user: an OS I thought handled processes, hardware, etc. It can of course be handy to have a linker/editor/compiler shipped with it too, but why is it considered part of the OS? Is gcc/vi/emacs more a "part" of GNU/Linux than notepad is a part of windows; i.e. just a convenience? Or is linux unusable without a complete c-based tool chain? I know the term "OS" is a fuzzy one, which is probably what causes my confusion. Such tools (e.g. Photoshop) already ship with a database for lens correction of most lenses from the large manufacturers. Things like chromatic abberation, vignetting etc. can be done automatically. For some common lens problems such as geometric distortion, I'd say the correction is so good that I wouldn't consider it to be a problem when buying a lens any more, whereas it was one of the larger problems with zoom lenses before. As far as I understand this method just requires the PSF data for different settings to be shipped as well (at different apertures/focal lengths), and Photoshop could do the same thing using this method. Abberations in a poor lens comes from two factors: 1) design flaw/compromise and 2) sample variation. If you have a lens profile in Photoshop with PSF data it can only correct for the problems inherent in the design of the lens (1), not problems due to variations in manufacturing or lens damage problems. Manual window management isn't the perfect UI paradigm for anyone, regardless of input method. Being able to overlap by a few pixels isn't necessary for me. A simple way to see where window management should have gone is to look how it has changed within applications, where the resistance to change is lower. 15 years ago it was all MDI applications, where the idea that a doc has a window . Soon people realized that noone really needs to overlap their word documents windows, or move their photoshop tool dialog by 3 pixels, so more modern applications used docking managers to snap and tile their workspace together to use as much of the available area as possible. As usual in the demos and mockups of both Win8 and this concept, the applications demonstrated happen to be simple communication apps, media players and so on. I'd like to see Photoshop, Visual Studio, AutoCad etc. that actually have a large workspace with several confgurable areas. I don't think it would be horrible to lose the movable windows, but I'd want something as powerful in return: Windows should manage the desktop the way a good desktop application manages its different areas. Either make way for content protection for video in some kind of standard, or we are stuck with Silverlight and Flash video forever. Why wouldn't I want some kind of standard platform for delivering protected video in my browser, rather than getting and updating 2-3 different insecure plugins all the time for doing the same thing? Is this just a crusade agains DRM as a whole (good luck with that) from the free software movement, or do they have problems with this exact proposal from the w3c? Well I'm not really trying to do personal computing, I'm just watching TV on my screen really. I want to watch a game that there is no chance in hell that the rightsholders will will release on the internet without DRM. They'd rather just not air it and opt for just using the normal outlets like cable/satellite if that was the case. This would mean I couldn't see it at all. You could argue that letting DRM into html is evil, and I agree, but I don't really care about evil if I can get rid of the current crap implementation which is flash on one site and silverlight on the next. Yes, the problem: the only way the content owners will stream tonights game to my computer is if it is protected somehow. If there is a way to make a transparent & open platform that allows content to my computer in a way that makes the content providers happy, then I'm all for doing that instead of having the system of insecure binary blobs. But is that possible? If it is possible, wht isn't the W3C pushing for that instead of the "plug your own binary"-platform? Is security through obscurity inherent in DRM? I have never heard about those actually. I'm only interested in live stereaming sports, which are ridiculously expansive for the rightsholders but worthless once the broadcast is over. I can't see a future where they'll switch from their current platform unless the new platform offers something similar. If I was them I'd rather skip the browser completely and settle for apps (e.g in smarttv/win8/Mac/iOS/consoles). I'm not saying its stupid to be resisting drm in HTML, but it will mean some services won't exist in the browser. It's already transcoded live and re-streamed. That isn't technologically different. Finding European football is trivial whereas some other rightsholders have cracked down on streaming sites and people posting their screencast urls in forums effectively removing it from the visible web (Swedish ice hockey is one such example). Games are expensive ($20-30) and unlike movies it's often ok to watch in a low quality stream that is easy to distribute with modest hw/bandwidth. My screen displays what I tell it to? If it is a FairPlay/PlayReady stream or not. I wasn't talking about hdcp or other hardware/end-to-end drm. I don't think systems like FairPlay are going away anywhere soon. Surely it must be possible to make an open standard similar to FairPlay? It can't be all security through obscurity? I have the same feeling. But like I have tried to explain elsewhere: live streamed events (expensive sports broadcasts) are really sensitive to piracy. At least if you judge by the precautions they use. Today they typically use PlayReady DRM in a Silverlight video player (flash based solutions also exist). They usually also randomly insert subscriber id:s as text at regular intervals and random locations in the video stream thereby watermarking it and making it a risk for whoever decides to re-stream their screen. So the current situation is this: the broadcasters already have several methods of protection (Watermarking, Encryption), which means any technology we wish they would adapt better support at least what they have today. While I agree that it does seem like "less work" to just do the DRM bit, is it really likely that this plugin will really decrypt data, leaving a normal unprotected video stream for the browser to render? In that case, a browser implementation could just write the unencrypted video to disk or re-stream it over http to other clients, without even having to do a new transcoding/compression (which costs cpu power and reduces quality). The whole point of effective software video DRM is that the plugin must render the video to screen itself, and ideally in a way that doesn't let the attacker find the unencrypted stream in memory. Silverlight does this via PlayReady for example. I don't know if the whole oracle/sun debacle is to blame for the complete stagnation of the jvm and the java language, but the development pace is laughable these days. We're still waiting for proper lambda expressions after all these years. We still have a runtime without generics. And so on. The irony of the article is that ZeroTurnaround not only make money from the java community, but does so by selling tools that work around shortcomings of the jvm. So not only is it in their interest to have a large dev community on the jvm, if you are a bit mean you could say its in their interest to have a crap jvm :) The type erasure is just a bad match with what's essentially a quite weak type system withq few other design flaws in it. Had the type system been good otherwise, it wouldn't have been that bad, but the way java works with for example array covariance and so on makes it a poor design. That, and of course the fact that all AnyCollectionType should work with primitive types without performance penalties. Having to use an MyFancyIntTree rather than MyFancyTeee is a bloody disgrace. The problem isn't so much the sex is it? The problem is of course demographic. Related, but not the same. Amazingly the government of Japan surely understands the problem at hand, and still refuses to act. Labour laws of course cannot allow an employer to fire someone (or choose not to hire) based on pregnancy (or being a woman of that age). There is only one sure way of making women as desirable to hire in this respect: ensure men stay at home with children just as much as women. State subsidized childcare and a year or two of paid maternal/paternal leave per child would be a net win for Japan (as it is for most such countries). Learning a functional language is a great idea especially if you never intend to use one after you've learned it. It's like speaking a second language. Has a great effect on the understanding of your own language. At university the first thing everyone had to (in programming) do was a Haskell course. Felt weird at the time, but in hindsight it was fantastic. It meant everyone had to throw their preconceptions about programming out the window. It didn't occur to me until recently (10-15 years later), that functional concepts are actually a good thing to apply in any language; that it makes code parallelizable, modular, maintainable, testable, and so on. I just thought functional was functional (i.e. elegant but hard) whereas imperative was imperative (inelegant but easy). Much like the difference between algebra and arithmetic. So go learn a second language, or even a third. Even if you intend to speak english and Java for the rest of your life. I'd choose Haskell and Spanish. Lightroom does an excellent job of managing your files through a normal SQL database, but like any other app-centric view the abstraction breaks down at some point because users still have access to the files on disk. When you want to make edits using external tools you always get a feeling that you are swimming upstream. What is needed is an OS level abstraction that still lets you access your data in files, but hides the actual physical organization of these files. The application interface to the file system shouldn't be a tree but a database/query like interface. Microsoft had great plans for this (already in Vista http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WinFS ), but had to pull the plug on it. It hasn't reappeared in Win7 or 8. In a system like WinFS applications like Lightroom awould not have to manage its own SQLite database tables of your photos and their physical location. The query would go directly to the operating systems file database. The problem is that the files are still there, if the application manages the files itself to get more functionality than the fileystem itself offers (i.e. like iTunes indexing the files), then if you move/rename files you have fooled the secondary index. So the problem isn't that apps can't/shouldn't manage the files themselves, the problem is that the index they use (e.g. a SQL table) isn't provided by the filesystem to guarantee consistency. If the filesystem provided a database like interface, then iTunes and Lightroom wouldn't have to have SQL tables for the files, and if you moved a file on disk you wouldn't have fooled the application. "Everything is a file" isn't really a problem. Its the index and metadata that is the problem. If you can make a one liner that says "show me all the photos taken last week, in the entire system" and that will respond instantly without traversing the hierarchy, then you have a proper index and metadata over your filesystem. Exactly. The whole issue is the inconsistency with todays app-centric views of data (iTunes) and the fact that the path hierachy based view of the files will probably still be around for many years to come. I think the best solution would be for the OS/filesystem to provide a queryable layer on top which contains metadata and guarantees consistency without forcing the applications to lock in their data. I can't see how it would be very controversial, as it actually removes nothing, only adds. Exactly. So while applications today each create an abstraction (e.g. SQL index) on top of the filesystem, what is really needed to provide the "iOS experience" while keeping normal file systems below, is simply an OS-level index with metadata. I can't see how it can be preferrable to have each application have an inconsistent DB of files and their metadata, versus having the OS/filesystem provide one. As for the mp3 scenario: for a 1Gb mp3 player its certainly doable to just scan the contents for the files/metadata once in order to show track titles etc. The problem is when the collections of files grow by several orders of magnitude and you need instant lookup of metadata (e.g. a 1Tb photo library, which isn't even especially large these days, my camera takes 25mb photos with hundreds of pieces of metadata that can't be encoded in the filename unlike an mp3 track). It's not pride of being born at a certain location (that's coincidence), It's pride to be part of a community (state, city, organization, ...) that makes good, rational decisions. Like how you can be proud if you live in a country with a sensible healthcare system or patent system, or proud to work at a company with good policies and a healty work environment. Wasn't this the case with ICQ? That is, once the protocol was reverse engineered, all the protocol authors had to do was change it slightly and the 3rd party implementations had to play catch up. It will be easy for free software to offer such a solution, the problem is that commercial software probably can't promise much about how much or how long it will be interoperable. I'd be reluctant to pay for a commercial skype client that can break tomorrow. The assumption of course being that it only applies to communities where you have some say in the matter, such as through democracy. Looks nice. Some feedback 1. For the love of god, don't allow a Nil value! Pattern matching is so much better (Maybe/Option type) 2. I didn't see anything about the runtime, but if you can optionally compile to something ubiquitous like php initially it will ease adoption. 3. even though you target small scale, so did javascript. I'd throw in some rudimentary namespace/package/module/version/dependency things . THEY host the intro proxy? Wouldn't it be better if each individual or organization had their own intro proxy that provided this? I.e. mail client-> my proxy -> (linkedIn + mailServer)? Reflection showing erased types. Slow collections because internal arrays are object[]. Various caveats with bridge methods/ClassCastExceptions. The list goes on and on. Erasure isn't a pragmatic design decision, it's an utterly and fundamentally broken design. Reified generics are both simpler to implement AND more performant AND more powerful in terms of metaprogramming. I fail to see the argument for erasure apart from backwards compatibility (which isn't really an argument). I think the analysis leaves out the most important aspects for non-C#/.NET developers. My analysis: C#, the language: Pros: * The most elegant of this family of languages (statically typed curly bracket imperative). * If you are coming from C++: C# is Feature rich but still not too large to make it "choose your own sublanguage" like C++ (yet). You can actually learn this language from the inside out. There are few undefined implementation details and quite few quirks. * The tooling is fantastic if you can agree to using windows and shell out some money. Cons: * It was designed to rival C++ and Java with a nice learning curve for C++/Java devs. If it was designed today, I think it would have a lot more modern/functional features built in such as tuple deconstruction, algebraic data types/pattern matching (instead of Null) and so on. Now when you use F#, C# feels old with its only half-decent type inference, null keyword and so on. * Performance (This is actually more .NET than C#): While it can be quite performant, idiomatic C# is still often quite slow. Especially in the hands of non experienced developers. There are often hidden allocations and boxing calls that are hidden behind syntax sugar, that end up taxing the garbage collector (example: A simple foreach call often allocates an object which later gets eligible for GC). So writing high performance code is possible in C# but still very hard. You'll find yourself either making the code look like C (for example: arrays of structs rather than lists of objects which was the idiomatic solution), or simply calling to C/C++ for performance sensitive bits. In comparison to C++ for high performance code, I'd say C# offers free reliability/conciseness etc., and you have to struggle with perf. With C++ you'd get a lot of perf for free because idiomatic C++ is fast (array of structs may well be an idiomatic solution!), but instead you may struggle with leaks, overruns, token salad... Bottom line: C# can often be as fast as C++ but when it is, it's no easier than just using C++ because you have to make allocation free code basically (which is HARD, especially as an afterthougt). .NET, the platform: Pros: * It feels like they looked at java and just corrected a lot of the problems. Sane dependency/versioning is just one example. * The community is very much alive. Stackoverflow has become the center of it in later years. * Frameworks evolve at a stunning pace. If you blink you missed two versions of ASP.NET MVC. Cons: * Same as above. Hard to keep up with things if you aren't working full time on it. The webpage you did last week is now two frameworks away from the latest version. You spend a lot of time upgrading code to newer frameworks. * The GAC is a horrible implementation of a good idea. The fact that you can't really use signing in a useful way without it also feels like a mistake. * The free versions of everything (compiler, IDE, servers..) feel like second class citizens. You can't code up a prototype webpage in the latest framework and expect it to run on an OSS server under linux. It's hard to know what subset of language/tools/frameworks actually work under e.g. Apache+Mono. A clear disadvantage compared to Node/Python etc. * It feels like Microsoft has a bit of a weird relationship with .NET, or rather, it feels like the OS division of microsoft never really accepted .NET while it has stayed the pet of DevDiv. The worse examples has been the slow death of Silverlight (I can see how it should die, but the silence from microsoft has been remarkable). Now it also seems that MS don't really have a plan for how .NET should be a first class citizen for both desktop and "modern" application development under Win8, instead pushing C++. That to me is extremely worrying. why not add a real module and dependency system to js at the language/runtime level? Considering how important JavaScript has become, isn't it completely amazing that this discussion is even happening now ? I wasn't aware that US companies ranked employees and used rankings when purging the workforce (when I think about it it's a pretty obvious idea). In countries with stronger labour laws "underperformance" basically isn't a reason to fire someone. The employer is responsible for the employees performance (training etc.). This can be frustrating in the software business when just a few really poor performers can really sink a team. Obviously forming a really elite team in the US is easy, since you can purge from the bottom, provided you don't affect morale too negatively. But how do you do it in countries where firing for underperformance isn't an option? It's really hard to get away from a bell-curve team. I'd say most of northern Europe. At least Nordic countries and Germany, in varying degrees. Probably similar in other european countries as well. What is immigration control doing these days when very few people actually get stamps in passports? And if I have stamps from Somalia and Libya in my passport, why would I go to the US wihtout first getting a new blank passport? Are stamps in passport really that useful? > it's easy in some cases to mistake a bordello for a [...], a private nudist club,[...], a swinger club, or whatever. And you mean in Germany seeing a private nudist club or a swinger club in the street wouldndn't be surprising, or immediately tag the area as seedy? Positive and negative freedoms. The right of a subset of the population (Non-consenting sex workers, i.e. traficking victims etc.) to NOT have to sell sex against their will, is stronger than the right for the larger group to be allowed to do so. Just like my right to walk the street without being shot outweighs anyone elses right to carry a gun there. Don't know what is the chicken or egg in this regard, but I think it's clear that with respect to sex (and the surrounding industry), Germany is culturally very different from Sweden which was the counterexample. Brothels are probably just the tip of the iceberg. An ideal law would of course let consenting people do what they want, while people who do it for other reasons should not be allowed to. And of course there are already laws against traficking just like there are laws agains shooting people. The problem is that such a law is both difficult to draft and enforce. So assume we are left with a choice of two laws: completely legal or completely illegal. This law will thus have one of two drawbacks: It will allow forcing people to sell sex without consent or it will make it illegal for consenting adults to do so. There is no more or less freedoms here, it's just different freedoms for different groups. A law against buying sex (rather than selling) appears to have had exactly that effect in Sweden. That is, at least the visible prostitution has decreased overall. In fact it seems to have worked so well that a similar law is proposed in France. And you are surprised to hear this on HN why? Is this a libertarian haven of some kind? It's a law written to limit it, so in that sense a law "against" something. But the whole point is who is the criminal in the transaction. So: The premise of this öaw in Sweden is, basically, that there exists almost zero (or at least little enough to ignore) "fine and peaceful business between consenting adults", so that is a non-issue. I think it is due to several factors 1) only street prostitution is extensively investigated, and the street prostitution is basically trafficking victims, drug users and so on. 2) There is little or no "German" sex industry, i.e. no brothels or other "well organized" industry. 3) Few argue that it is an important human freedom to buy or sell sex, and very few would have a problem with the State having a say in it. I don't know if there has been much research done on whether the prostitution has moved under ground, one can't simply assert it, and it is very hard to investigate (and to interpret the numbers! internet prostitution is way up between 1990 and 2010 because internet) Btw. I don't think there is any research establishing the connection between increased levels of rape with stricter laws or reduced levels of prostitution? I nearly forgot: one of the strongest arguments for having a law in general, and a making the purchase side criminal is this: The selling side knows its own consent, but it can be argued that the buying side can not tell wether the seller is consenting (as claimed consent can't be given any value). If one accepts that problem as real, then one could also say that while there may be both consenting buyers and sellers out there, there are no buyers that can claim they are actually dealing with a consenting seller. The argument is powerful because it dismisses the whole "consenting adults" idea by stating that there exists no pair of consenting adults where the buyer can actually know whether the seller is consenting. Define "web development"? Isn't web development usually done in a programming language like other development? Sure, a lot of it these days may take place in JavaScript which seems designed from the ground up to avoid being helped by IDE's. But in general: apart from the actual whacking out of html and css, "web development" is normally just software development. There is no difference in my need of autocomplete/intellisense/code navigation etc. when I do web things than when I do mobile/desktop/library or any other kind of development. A full day is unreasonable for an interview. But "working for free" for a while isn't. Of course they want to see you working on that particular codebase rather than some other code. And even more obviously you want to jump on the opportunity to see the code. An hour or two of pairing is completely reasonable. That said: shipping code written by a person being interviewed is nonsense. Either the person was assigned completely menial tasks which doesn't evaluate their skill at all, or the manager is a complete nutjob that wants to ship features written by someone who has never seen the code before. If the employer can't provide a person to pair with, and says you should spend an entire day coding features to go live immediately, it would actually seem like the employer believes interviews can be used as free labour. That idea is so stupid it is hopefully rare enough that it doesn't even deserve blogging/discussing. There are tons of useless interview procedures that actually deserve discussing. This explanation is pure genius. Instead of explaining something very complicated, explain how to arrive at the complicated solution by evolving the simple solution and eliminating its flaws. Wish more explanations were like this. Someone do git. Edit: I agree this thread contains a lot of negativity and I agree it's too early to make any calls on this particular game, which does look fantastic. Since so little can be said of this game the discussion is more "why have so many tried to do this, and failed"? So I'll try: Why is "procedural" used as a sales pitch? The only thing cool about procedural is that you can make something extremely vast. But then "vast" should be the sales pitch! I'd much rather buy a game that promised "ten thousand planets carefully modeled by artists", than a game that contains millions of random ones. I fact, I'd probably prefer a sim with a designed world much smaller than that. The thing with procedural environments is that they leave everything to game mechanics. A well designed world can support a basic or boring mechanic (such as a linear shooter). Procedural worlds need a game mechanic so deep and brilliant that only very few games have managed it (minecraft and a few of its inspirations, for example). There isn't much that can be said about mechanics from the trailer, so we'll see. I think (sadly) it will be the prettiest in a long line of "let's make an elite style universe sim where the game mechanic will probably/hopefully emerge from the sheer awesomeness that is an enormous space sim". I agree, mostly, with the conclusions. "Classes" as a method of code re-use is dead. However, his conclusion that ML would dominate C# and Java as a language, I highly contest. The most important thing in my opinion is tools and platform support. Show me a fast, good looking IDE with good autocomplete/intellisense/integrated debugger and UI tools for ML. See? Is there an abundance of libraries and api wrappers available (that doesn't require you to do straight C-interop)? See? Also: the design of a language should be done with the tools in mind. While there is not much difference between norm(vec) and vec.norm() the latter is the form that supports autocomplete. So even for functional languages, being able to use member properties and member functions is an absolute reqirement to support the tooling that we expect. You could say that F# dominates C#. It has almost the same tool and library support, while having the features you expect from an ML type language. Sad to see how close we were to a windows release with the CLR being a first class citizen and a revolutionary storage system as well. Fast forward a decade, a couple of major windows releases, and we are still doing C++, NTFS and COM. Did I misunderstand something, or does this article just list all the reasons it's a bad idea to be a JavaScript developer? (apart from the 99 reasons that is JavaScript itself) basically: you use a language that is the envy of noone, to work with things like web browsers, the DOM and CSS. Anyone would want good money to do that... The common denominator of all that is wrong with development today is the internet. Work on a library, thick client, compiler, or anything like that and you are fine, but work too close to any of the tiers in some kind of internet/web based application and your day is filled with misery. Hopefully this internet thing will just fade away soon and we can all go back to real development. Yeah because in the past when I consumed media I used to listen to the radio until it went quiet. Your facebook and twitter feeds aren't infinite, you subscribe to a limited number of other users. All the twitter clients that don't suck will show you your twitter feed starting from where you left off. When reading, you scroll towards the most recent tweeets, which is where your feed ends. Obviously, as it is a live feed, it doesn't "end", but if your feed doesn't grow faster than you consume it, you will complete reading it in the same sense you complete reading your email inbox. It's a personal preference if you treat twitter like an email inbox (read everything) or like daytime tv/elevator music (a never ending stream of noise). If you start browsing random tags on flickr, or randomly stumble through global twitter feeds of infinite depth, that is no difference from the streams of tv or radio that existed before too. The only benefit I can see from standardizing something is that browser makers who want to claim to be compliant actually have to support it, so you won't end up in the flash/silverlight situation where some platforms don't support it. But if a plugin framework is standardized, why settle for only DRM? Why not fix the whole crapfest that is plugin applications entirely? A standardized interface to a fast sandboxed virtual machine with good hardware support would be excellent. Currently there is javascript, ActiveX, flash, java applets, Silverlight, NaCl, WebGL and a number of others, each having their own benefits and drawbacks. If I want to write a web based multi-threadced GPU accelerated webcam-using application that works on any compliant browser on any platform, what do I do? Isn't that what the next kind of web standards should be addressing? You misunderstood me, I think if there should be standardization of some kind of platform indepndent "plugin" it should address what flash, applets, ActiveX and Silverlight does but in a standardized way. I mean a standard way of distributing binary executables where anything the plugin author wants can be done (within a sandbox). For example the decoding and display of protected data. Much like flash, but with some form of standardized bytecode vm. I understand that the implementation if the actual DRM will probably be closed, but the plugin standard that hosts the DRM code should not have to be. Apart from allowing closed binary applications it should of course offer some other benefit over javascript, such as offering good hardware support (true multithreading with shared data, access to all peripherals, and so on). Javascript even with WebGL+WebWorkers+similar frameworks isn't it. And extremely narrow in scope, being all web centric. And what's with the who's who of poorly designed technologies? if I had to pick a list of languages and technologies with the most annoying design deficiencies, it would be php, js, mysql, vbscript, asp. Web development still is a stinking pile of languages, but at least classic asp/vbscript and most php is gone, right? > Facebook doesn't have anything going for it at this point other than the fact that everyone is on it. Which is pretty huge. Even if I never shared anything and never casually browsed facebook, I still would not stop using it quite regularly, say a few times per week, for things like event planning, direct messaging people (Who keeps a list of friends' email addresses?). So the question then becomes: if facebook is slowly turned into a contact book and event planner, does that mean the end of facebook? Does facebook require billions of people hitting millions of like buttons and farming animals on their walls in order to live? Exactly, but the reduced revenue is likely proportional to reduced operating costs. It will be the white-dwarf end of Facebook, but it would never die until someone creates a feasible replacement. Even at a fraction of its current size, being "just" everyone's contact book for one billion users is still quite a big deal. So it's a definition of when Facebook is "dead" or "gone". It will never go away entirely. To be a good developer you'll need to learn several languages, but that is beyond the scope of the article. But in terms of a "first" language, are those who learn python first and THEN C, Haskell and C# in the end more likely to be better developers than those who learn the same four languages in another order? I think it's unlikely that the language you start with has much effect in the end. Those who never use a low lever language or never use a functional language will be worse developers than those who do, however. So for a first language: just pick a fun one. If you happen to pick JS you can always choose again later. Surely "Bittorrrent" and "The pirate bay" are two separate things? In what way are they destroying bittorrent by attacking a single tracker/index? Isn't that analoguous to saying that trying to block or shut down any random web server serving something illegal is an attack on HTTP? Yes, an attack on a particular protocol is an attack on that particular protocol. The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club. There is nothing fundamentally wrong with the design language of "modern", and no one ever has needed several resizable draggable windows for their desktop. That UI paradigm should be easy to replace by a nice tiling manager. What I do need however is a UI that lets me run my legacy apps side by side with new ones, in any configuration and number. I don't mind the look of metro and I never liked the start menu. If my start menu is a start screen, fine. The biggest problems are a) the divide between old and new. The mistake was making a completely separate UI rather than making a single UI that could adapt to both touch and mouse interaction. b) the API debacle: what IS microsofts strategy for the future of heavy desktop apps? What happened to wpf/xaml? Developers don't like constant surprises. Hopefully when win9 comes out we can all look back and laugh at this. It somehow magically fixes the dual UI issue. At least if it doesn't we don't have do worry about Win10 at all. I feel it's an obvious problem that apps that allow IAP are listed as free. Has google or apple fixed this yet? When browsing for apps there you may see a top app being free and another costing $1. You pick the "free" one and it turns out it is useless without an IAP whereas the $1 app perhaps would not. It turns out the free app costs $2 in order to function as well as the $1 app. The consumer friendly thing to do would be to list any app that has any IAP enabled to be listed as non free, either using some special labeling (category "freemium" rather than "free"), or by listing the price as an interval rather than as the minimum. It's come to the point where I really miss the time when many apps existed in two separate versions, a free and a premium version. Would that not have been the solution to this problem? I can see that from the developers' perspective the two app solution is bad (also from a maintenance perspective etc.) For users it's also bad because if upgrading is switching you are likely to lose the data (settings, game progress), but since I'd rather do that it feels like the freemium thing must be horribly broken. It isn't hard, it's annoying. It's such a simple fix. I don't mind the freemium model but I do mind the bait-and-switch freemium model where you get the reputation and feature listing of a paid app, but list the price of a free app. Operator overloading is a powerful thing, but C# strikes a balance. It doesn't allow overloading assignment, logical operators and so on. While it should be used carefully, it really makes a difference for scientific types such as vectors. What I find missing from C# in this area is the use of operators in interfaces, which would let you do truly generic things such as make a matrix class that allows any element type that supports addition and multiplication. Try this page http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-US/vstudio/hh341490 Top things I miss in C# - Null coalescing operator - Tuple Construction/Deconstruction - Algebraic data types/Pattern matching - List comprehensions/array slicing - Operators in interfaces After 10 years of C# I really feel that F# is the future. For package management I recommend you use NuGet and you should be good. No need to visit an sqlite website to download anything. Just type Install-Package System.Data.SQLite In your VS package manager console and you are good to go. Deployment/Setup is not really something C# or .NET cares about, there are many different forms of deployment. (IIS, Windows desktop, ClickOnce, Azure) and in each case you can do it in several different ways. I agree it's tricky to know what goes where sometimes, but it's more a problem with those targets than with how you build the application in question. Sorry, I meant a null coalescing property access operator that returns null if the left hand side is null. Today you write something like this var street = (user != null && user.Address != null) ? user.Address.Street : null; When you could use something like this var street = user?.Address?.Street; Like in languages like python or most functional languages where you can deconstruct a returned tuple. Imagine a function that returns a point tuple. Instead of this: var p = SomeFunc(); print("X value is "+p.X); You would do this (x, y) = SomeFunc(); print("X value is "+x); Is this a desktop-only solution, i.e. no mobile? Then it is bound to be a no-go for most users. My checklist is pretty short: 1. Clients available on web and/or all platforms, must be able to add/copy to clipboard passwords on all platforms. 2. Synced or Shared database between all clients. 3. No subscription cost (upfront cost OK). Nice-to-have things would be browser plugins, command line interface etc., but that isn't essential. Yes, I just want the sugar. Also, must not be any slower than the if-then solution of course. If the func calls aren't inlined/removed I don't think it would be good enough perf wise. Aww I thought it was finally a campaign against js The field has widened, but that just means you have to choose between being an expert and being a jack-of-all-trades. You can't be an expert at everything. It takes a decade to learn something inside and out, and then you can't spend all day learning which JS mvc framework has gone out of style over the weekend. If your technology lasted long enough for you to become an expert, you can probably make a living on it even if it goes out of style like COBOL. And if you are a skilled developer you have no problem applying your knowledge to a new platform/language. Those who get steamrolled are those who work but don't develop their skils. After 10 years with COBOL you will be steamrolled unless you have actually become an expert at software development, not just an expert at your job. Stream , IntStream, LongStream, DoubleStream? You can't make this stuff up. EDIT: what I'm trying to say is: why his remark is inflammatory and unnecessary, it's also wrong. This API is perhaps the single worse example of why java makes API's look worse than C#, and there is nothing to be done about it until the JVM stops erasing types. The runtime type erasure would have to be quite clever to realize that a ArrayList should be backed by a primitive array of ints? One alternative is to erase ArrayList into all variants (One for objects and one for each primitive type). (In C# System.Int32 is a value type, and an "int" is equivalent). A List is equivalent to a List and is backed by an array of ints.) I'd learn F# + C + Rust + TypeScript/ES6. Anything that lets me avoid learning C++ or JS. Hilariously no attempts seem to be made to actually sort this out at the language level. Context free grammar anyone? Fear of breaking backwards compatibility is what slowly kills languages eventually. As long as every new version needs to be backwards compaitbile you can only add and deprecate, never remove and fix. I don't mind the C++ that is "C with objects". What bothers me is the broken template metaprogramming, endlessly varying kinds of special pointers, massive libraries that does the same things slightly differently and so on. I know you need to at least have rudimentary knowledge about js in order to use typescript effectively. But I think I already do (I just don't want to learn more as it makes my skin itch). More likely I'll just give up on the entire thing and wait until ES6... Option for what? Yes C and Rust (and C++) overlap a lot. C is inevitable for a lot of embedded and low level stuff, but for large scale systems dev I hope to see Rust replace C++. Let's face it, the internet is centralized (hierarchical), not distributed. ICANN has taken giant steps to being a "global" organization, but in the end it's still a californian non-profit. These reforms seem to just aim to make ICANN a more globally managed organization, and increase transparency in top-level decisionmaking. I can't see anywhere where it says it wants to increase governments' ability to block cat videos. I understand that this is new and scary technology and that gives Tesla some more scrutiny than others, but come on, how many cars caught fire that day in Toronto alone, and where are the comments from those manufacturers? First of all, being a good programmer is helped by a good foundation of CS/Math/etc. It's not necessary, but it helps, it gives you confidence to think that the code is just a means to an end, the logical problem you already solved in your head. If you know algorithms and data structures, have a decent understanding about computer hardware, networks, databases and all that stuff, then programming is much easier. As far as languages go, the JavaScript snippets just show that JavaScript can be utterly horrible at times. The various SO answers combined sum it up. - Single inheritance means it's unnatural to inherit from the player list which is just one aspect of a team. - It's a leak of implementation detail. Tomorrow you may want the team to contain a sorted collection, or a set, or a sorted set. - It gives an unnatural syntax to team.count vs team.players.count. Again, composition wins in clarity - You can still expose any part of a collection interface in your Team class, e.g. team.Add(player). The details of what this does should be hidden. Adding an interface like IEnumerable to the team gives a nice syntax like "foreach(Player p in team)" without breaking encapsulation. - A list is a simple data structure, a team is not. Extending something to completely change what it is usually means you have an unnatural inheritance. A special list (sorted, cirular...) can extend list in a natural way, a business object should probably "have a" rather than "be a" list. It probably will, but for TypeScript and similar variants where proper type context actually exists. Normal JS doesn't even support a reliable autocomplete, much less a compiler-as-a-service based one. It's in no way in a worse place than, say, java. It would be nice if the CLR and Roslyn was open sourced, but I wouldn't make it a primary concern when choosing a platform for a project. The ecma standardization feels at least as important. Xamarin is one of the biggest backers of C#/.NET, and the reason .NET is probably the simplest way to create a 3-platform smartphone application today. You can even use F# for that which is even nicer than C# and open source. So the ecosystem has a few open source languages and several backing companies. This is satire. Calm down. I could switch languages more easily than I could switch dev environment. The lock in to me is bssically simply that there aren't many other good language+IDE combos out there. There are plenty of languages that are interesting but very few come with a great IDE. I'd love to do Rust or Haskell all day, but I'm sure as hell not going to vim/emacs/sublime from VS. I almost envy those who never started using and IDE and can be productive with a text editor, their threshold to switch language is much Lower. Luckily VS at least supports C++, F#, JS and python so it's not impossible to cover quite a lot of languages in it. Use a fast machine. Do not develop in a VM. Do not use a mechanical hard drive. Have at least 8GB of ram. Absolutely do not have any kind of on-access antivirus scan enabled for project output/intermediate dirs or GAC. I find a 100project C# solution (200mb deploy) to be perfectly snappy when using & fast to build. There are and have been zillions of annoyances with VS but perf hasn't been one since I set my machine up properly (in the office most of the developers complaining about build perf could cut 75% or more just by excluding certain dirs from AV scan). Yep, and VS isn't really "complete" without resharper which is a shame because the full versions of VS are already quite expensive. One of the big ones to me is "move class to its own file". Means when you are sketching up some multi-class API or something you can just type away in a single source file, and as soon as something looks half-finihshed I just alt enter and it creates a new file with the correct name and moves the type to that file including adding the necessary imports to the header. A lot of context-switch time gained. Next big thing is navigation. Go to type, go to symbol and go to file are super quick and means I never go to the source tree to navigate the solution. Well, it's fairly easy to keep developers happy. Good hardware and coffee is so cheap compared to finding new developers... I'd be as upset by a group policy demanding I scan my VS intermediate dirs on access as I would be by a no-chairs policy at the office. It's a dealbreaker. I agree the slowness of find (Ctrl+F) and the slowness of the xml/html parsers is still the worse thing about it. I can see how tag soup is hard to parse, but well formed xml should parse in milliseconds. On the bright side, with a good go-to-symbol, go-to-file, go-to-type etc., I search much less for free text. The text editor is only a tiny part of an IDE, the bits that are added are quite important. Integrated debugging (with edit+continue while debugging), integrated version control interface, integrated build system, integrated profiler and much more makes it so much more productive than having to e.g. do debugging with recompile/restart turnaround times. An IDE should aim to pass a simple UX test which is: after installing the IDE with no prerequisites and no further configuration (no I don't want to create an env var, specify where I keep my compiler or ...), a hello world program should be possible to run straight away. It's not a text editor, it's the whole experience. I never even want to worry about where libraries are or where the compiler executables are. I just want to edit and run code. If the compiler comes with libraries, debugger and editor, or if the IDE comes with libraries and compiler doesn't matter. I want the matlab experience, not the gcc experience. Example: A java IDE that can't set up java automatically for me (OR detect/configure an existing install without my intervention) is disappointing. Which is why I think that IDE makers that don't make their language are at a disadvantage (that they should try to work around), and language makers that don't provide an IDE don't take full advantage of their situation. A language/platform without a good dev experience is just not complete. The dev experience is a huge part of what a lang/platform does, and should influence design decisions at every level, i.e. "do we have all the debugging/hot-deploy/profiling entry points in place", or "could this grammar be better for providing autocomplete in invalid synax"? As for java IDE's: it can't be rocket science to detect & use existing java installations in a good way, or even download & install them in the background (even with licensing issues). While it is disappointing if it doesn't have a single setup experience, they should at least try to locate & use an existing install without the user having to specify a path on disk or an env-var for example. Two installs but no gluing is at least acceptable. When xhtml came to replace html4 it was such a huge relief for all OCD developers, and I thought I had seen the last non-xml compliant web page. Now I'm encouraged to write tag soup again because void elements? Humbug. There is a cultural difference in whether PhD studies are seen as an add-on education after normal university studies, or if it is an employment as a teacher+researcher. In Sweden it's the latter, so students are employed as PhD students and get a salary (though usually not very competitive compared to what you would make if working elsewhere). The fact that the PhD students spend a lot of time teaching and not only educating themselves and working towards their thesis is what makes take around 5 years, rather than, say 3 years. It's the html5 standard that is complex and pedantic, it breaks silently when you violate one of hundreds of rules (e.g lists of void elements that can't be closed). XML is simple. Sure it's pedantic in the sense that it breaks, but html5 breaks too only subtly. It's like the difference between java and JavaScript. Java isn't more "pedantic" than JS in ANY way, it just breaks in a more understandable way (break loudly, early and understandably is in my view "better"). Don't confuse the term lenient to mean "pedantic but with very silent failures". The failures caused by forgetting to close tags in html5 are often catastrophic, which is why it isn't "lenient". If html5 fails on some seemingly valid input (e.g. makes a strange layout when you self-close a div-tag) then it isn't lenient, it's still pedantic. It's just as pedantic as an xml standard is about closing tags, only that the specification for closing tags is dozens of pages instead of three words. In fact, I think most developers agree that an error message would be preferable to a corrupt layout in the case of the self-cosed div. Allowing the void tags to be unclosed is the lesser evil of the two, I can even accept the argument behind it (they can't have content) even though it complicates the syntax. The really evil one is to not make be exactly equivalent to which is just batshit crazy. When I want a placeholder tag (to be populated later) I have to write which feels completely unnatural, > what's the recent version of Java that should be installed? The latest one? The most common one? The one the IDE requires? Surely you don't want to use an older one? Even if you deploy to an older target, if you can't do that from a newer one something is wrong. Worse case the IDE could just ask during installation. If the IDE setup isn't made by monkeys, suerely it wouldn't rely on a hard-coded download url. They would serve it themselves or ask a web service on their end for the URL to the java installer. Sorry if I sound like a grumpy old man, but it's exactly this sort of thinkning that makes OSS platforms and IDE's so clumsy to work with. The error is usually the idea of "this tool just tries to do X and doesn't care about Y", or sometimes phrased as "the tool does one thing, and does it well". While that is a noble idea, it should never be used as an excuse for a crappy UX. Because I'd rather have proper types than stringly typed language requiring using a linter and 100% test coverage for avoiding trivial type mistakes. So it's not a web application, but rather a native application (a derivative of chromium)? Why then use html for rendering text if it isn't a web app? (Not to mention javascript...) I wholeheartedly agree with this. The point for me isn't so much "protection" against unforseen expenses it's just that I want to know up front what costs money and what doesn't. When I browse for a free app I don't want to see the crippled in-app-unlockable app next to the truly free app. Strict rules for prices in marketing is a prerequisite for a functioning market, my other pet peeve is the contract phone. Not only do I think telcos should be required to market the total cost (which they are already at least here) , I want to take it one step further and completely ban the marketing of the small upfront cost as the price. No, the cost of the phone is just spread out over 12 or 24 months. It's like saying a new car has the cost of a small down payment, it's completely absurd. A contract phone is just a regular purchase with a payment plan over 24 months AND hopefully a rebate compared to buying the phone cash, since you are bound to the specific company for a period of time. As an example, an iPhone might cost $1 when you sign a $50/mo contract for 24 months. If that contract would be $25 if I keeps my old phone, then the cost of the iPhone is 24 x $25. The bottom line is: the total cost should be easy to calculate, specified on monthly bills (how much is phone payments vs. call costs), and obfuscating the phone payments by masking it as e.g more expensive pre-paid minutes must be outlawed as it makes it impossible to compare the contract to the equivalent contract without the phone. I agree it's a bad idea to have touch devices within an arms length of a drivers seat, even if the device can be interacted with also via voice and physical buttons. It would would be simple to not allow touch interaction while driving. So before you start and if you pull over you can text/call/setup navigation which is easy to do on the touch screen and hard to do with a few buttons. Once moving the touch screen should dumb down to stupid mode with only one valid interaction: hitting the screen hard a few times should silence the navigation voice (a feature I have found missing in most current models). Autocomplete/parameter help isn't about "hey, look fewer keystrokes!". It's about context-aware lookup of what you need, and avoiding stupid mistaks (reordering parameters, typos in method names). The time it takes to write a the first few characters of a method name and then hit the completion key is a tiny amount smaller than just typing the method name outright. But that isn't the point: if I didn't have autocomplete, I'd alt+tab to a browser with class documentation or start searching in the code for a previous invocation of a method with that name I only vaguely remember. With autocomplete, I don't have to remember variable/property/method names, I can either list them or see a list that begins if I just remember a prefix. This is less unnecessary state in my head and thus more time to think about the actual problem. It's an absolutely enormous difference in time spent, and considering the time it takes to context switch back to where you were, I'd say it saves me hours every day. Most of the code you have to call is probably part of a library/platform/runtime (e.g. jre, .net, boost, c standard lib). Even in small libraries it is difficult to learn all the type/method names by heart, and before you have used a function the first time, you have to discover/learn it somehow. Identifiers (e.g. class or method names) don't have to be particularly long before you can screw up something silly like how to CamelCase it, or accidentally swap the order of a 2-argument method. When I have reasonable domain knowledge, like say I include a vector math library, I can guess the type and method names and use the lib through autocomplete without ever looking at documentation. I think it has very little to do with writing and writing speed at all. Autocomplete is context sensitive documentation. Having to look away from the problem (at at web browser, another source file, or elsewhere in the same file) for hints about e.g. a method name, is very disruptive. If someone would use autocomplete in the way you describe I don't think they'd be better developers without it. It's like saying we should all type with one hand since it makes us think more before we type. I'd like to have a word with the person who decided that "something" should show up in a browser regardless of how broken the markup is. I don't see the point, they are charging to install software, is that upsetting? Is it the fact that it is free software they are charging for that is upsetting? I can't see the standpoint of mozilla either, surely you can't be required to have permission to use a "brand name" just because you mention that you can install some software for a fee? EDIT: I did read mozillas terms, but still think it makes no sense. If I set up a store selling computers, surely I can, without permission of software manufacturers, allow customers a choice of software and offer to purchase a license & preinstall the software for the customer? If the problem is the binaries being installed and shipped, that can be easily circumvented by dell installing a downloader stub that simply downloads and installs Firefox for the customer when the computer is first started. The charge would be for the setup of that automatic installer process. Is the issue that there is a cost directly attributed to the trademarked software? If Dell lets users choose from a list of products to preinstall without cost would that then make it acceptable? What if the system has a fixed fee for build/setup? What if that fee is dependent on the number of different products chosen? At what point are they really "charging" for trademarked software? I can see how it is a bad thing for Mozilla if dell charges and uses their trademark, but shouldn't it be easy to circumvent by just moving the charges around on the order page? 1. It can be surprisingly hard to install free software without getting crapware bundled installers. Look at java... 2. If only 1 order of 1000 has the option checked, then that order alone would have to cover the cost of setting up that image. Automation isn't free. Still, hardware is inherently base-2. What I'd like to see is hardware assisted adaptive precision predicates and compilers/runtimes that make proper use of modern instructions. I have never ever thougt that float/double/decimal was too much choice. Again with the assumption that "startup" is synonymous with "web/mobile app". What about thick clients/desktop apps/consoles etc? If I were to start my career from scratch in 2014 I'd pick F#, and keep an eye out for Rust. F# for several reasons 1) Tooling, I like proper thick IDE's like xamarins or VS. 2) better platform support (I'm serious, it isnt tied so much to windows as you might think but is one of few languages you can e.g make a 3-platform mobile app with today!). Running Haskell in the same IDE with the same compiler on several platforms is hard. Making android/iOS or web apps with it is also tricky. 3) I like ML more than Haskell, 4) trivial to slap a non-functional C# front end on F# business logic should that be necessary, much harder to do from Haskell or ML without having to resort to C/C++. F# has gone from tiny to quite popular (#12 spot on Tiobe currently), and that shows very clearly in the quality of tools and availability of libs now. It's not the same language/community it was a year ago. By comparison, Haskell is 49 and no ML lang is in the top 50. Technically, yes, but for most situations, no. The requirement that ngen'ed assemblies must be in the GAC makes it very far from the "compile what you want to native" tool I'd like to see. How can a library of this size and importance not be run through a linter, with violating patches rejected? And why is a cleanup effort of the simplest stuff not undertaken? And with it being C, doing a proper operator spacing+indentation of the whole source should be as easy as running it through a tool (yes, auto indent is always better than a broken indent). What's the next discovery? The core is all php and there are zero tests? A lot of the content tooling for games is usually written in some other more productive language (C#, python, ...), so there is a lot of contact between managed and native even for AAA games, even though very little of what actually ships in the game is managed code. Getting a performance boost (or not having to interop) in a level editor, texture tool etc. will likely be welcome. The tradeoff between safety/convenience/productivity vs. performance of C# vs C++ for example can't be motivated at the moment, and probably won't be with SIMD. Writing .NET code with deterministic performance is hard, so hard that C# is no more convenient than C++. I think any complex performance sensitive (Web browser, Game, SSL-Implementation...) is soon too complex to be done in C++ and too performance sensitive to be done in managed. Rust can't be released soon enough. Certainly. But abstract it enough and the abstractions and syntax extensions required become another language. Abstract it to the point where you don't have any pointer arithmetic, a good type checker and so on, and the C code has turned into something else. Just adding wrappers around buffers to prevent overflows etc. doesn't come near the type of safety you can get in languages where you can prove formally what is going to happen when the program executes. Before you have the kind of security you can reason about like http://www.mitls.org (rather than just abstractions for buffers etc.) it can't look like C any more. This isn't a fundamental dilemma like the consistency/scalability dilemma of databases. This is (or was) just a limitation of languages and compilers. The arguments for using C are many but in this case the most common involve the need for low level access (for perf, timing) C is certainly very much suited for some parts of an SSL implementation e.g. when you need absolute deterministic performance to avoid timing attacks etc. (Although performance should certainly be good enough with modern compilers for most languages, and avoiding side-channel attacks by having deterministic execution time is also possible without resorting to C). Using the execution speed as an argument for writing the whole thing in C is just wrong. I haven't heard any good arguments as to why a library such as OpenSSL shouldn't be written in Haskell (or say 98% Haskell and 2% C). Did someone at some point say "There is 2% of the code that is performance critical and/or needs low-level code for cryptographic reasons so I'll write everything including the network code, command line argument parser, world, dog and kitchen sink in C" ? I see what you are saying, any language that has a runtime has its security dependent on that runtime. F# can compile and run on a variety of platforms (not sure which mitls are compatible with) not necessarily the ms CLI only. Normally I'd argue that running safe programs on top of a runtime/VM would make everything safer since you would only have to prove ONE system (the VM) to be safe, but with the Java debacle of recent years I think that argument isn't really as good as it used to be. I agree with what you are saying: for proven security you need to prove properties of all the layers down to the metal. Not sure how difficult this is for good "safe" languages such as e.g. Haskell. You can only prove it secure against known side-channel attacks. In a language with a good type system you would probably use types that support only constant-time operations. Protecting against everything including side-channel attacks that are unknown at the time of implementation will likely never be possible, regardless of language. Thus for language choice this is a non-issue. Still: if you can avoid the stupid bug-holes and just leave the exotic side-channels that would be a big win. "Badly specced" can be a number of things. Some domains have naturally well specified domains, others do not. The business rules of a company, a countries' tax code or building code usually is not an elegant business domain. It's usually a horrible mess of incremental decisions accumulated over decades. Often even logically incomplete or inconsistent. Here is an excellent example of a design-by-committe specification for a domain that is incoherent, illogical and complex (Part of a modern day building code): http://www.fierabolzano.it/bauschau2005/congress/EN_1995-1-1... Of course no implementation can be more elegant than the underlying business logic, the question is: how does the language help me write an implementation that is as nice as possible when the business domain is horrible? I think Haskell code often looks beautiful but I attribute that not only to it being functional/pure/compact/elegant but also to the code usually being examples of "clean" domains (mathematics, etc.) being implemented in a way that is suited for demonstration, and the fact that it is usually written by excellent developers (who are the ones who tend to preach FP, for good reason). What I'd like to see are some large-ish real world examples of FP architecture for horrible business problems, not nice ones. > Subtracting details from background without adding details to subject ... Not sure what you mean by this. Blur is only due to focus distances and aperture sizes. Making the depth of field narrower (making the OOF regions more blurry) does not add detail to the areas that are in focus. Usually, it's even the other way around. Example: Say we shoot a portrait of a person at 5m with a forest 30m away in the background, at 3 different apertures: f/1.4, f./11 and f/20 At the largest aperture (f/1.4) the background will be completely out of focus and the face of the subject will have sharpness at "80%" of what my lens/sensor combo can do in terms of resolution. The less-than-excellent subject sharpness is because lenses aren't perfect and using the largest aperture will reveal this. Even if you use an expensive professional lens, it will have it's maximum sharpness at some aperture that is smaller than the largest. What does happen in the shallow DOF shot is that we have a form of perceived sharpness (usually referred to as "pop") which is an effect that is simply due to the fact that the subject is so distinct from the background. At f/11 the subject sharpness is better than at f/4. It is now probably near 100% of the maximum resolution the sensor/lens combination can deliver. The background is significantly more discernible/focused now. If it was a green blur in the f/1.4 shot is now a forest of very slightly blurred trees. At f/20 the subject's sharpness is again less (e.g. 90%), this time due to the physical limitation known as diffraction that occurs for very small apertures compared to the wavelength. This shot has completely focused trees in the background. To put it another way: when you take the f/11 portrait and go to f/1.4 you take away almost ALL of the background information, and SOME of the foreground information, while adding NO new information. The entire shot will be less focused when you do. Yes, my wall of text above applies to static subjects and cameras only. Whether the freezing of subjects results in more information (detail) or less (without movement info) is subjective. Completely agree. Some language constructs that are "almost symbols" such as fn certainly works well to abbreviate, but for function names and types it feels outdated and hard to read. If a common function name is too long to spell out like iterate() then that is a candidate for sugaring out completely, not cutting in half. Even in good C codebases that run static analysis, there are errors due to mixing up "memcpy()" and "memcmp()". UT4 is one example where this happened. Java raises an exception. If you handle it in code, the app does not crash. The crash is a consequence of failure to handle and recover from the exception. Granted, it is very rare that you can/should recover from nullpointer or OOB exceptions anyway. What you can do though is try to clean up things, show a polite message and shut down the application in a semi-controlled way. "Preventing crashes" isn't the best description of Rust's novel protection systems. In my opinion, the best part is providing guarantees about data integrity and security, e.g. preventing heartbleed type read-overruns and preventing data races in concurrent code due to shared mutable state. Of course when you have a web application running requests using some thread pool or even more lightweight worker, then what we call the "application" is likely the request and you most likely don't want to kill the app server because you have good reason to believe the other requests are unaffected by the failing requests. These come to mind (there are probably even more) 1) Complexity: Managing complexity is just easier with compact syntax, immutability etc. Applications are becoming larger and more complex, and languages that help reducing coupling and code size will become more popular than those that easily allow getting the job done at the expense of high complexity (e.g. OO/imperative). 2) Concurrency: With concurrent/multi-threaded applications being par for the course rather than something exotic, functional thinking is now required for many applications regardless of language. 3) Modularity/Decoupling/Interoperability: SOA and API's means you can develop independent bits of software that communicate in some language agnostic way (e.g. http). The CLR and JVM now both have support for functional languages that work well with their imperative siblings. This means you don't even have to be loosely coupled by http, you can write an application where the logical/computational bits are F# and the UI is C# while in the same application. Apart from these we must not forget that almost all the large imperative languages (C++/C#/Java) have gained numerous functional constructs in recent years. Few of us can imagine working in an imperative language without lambdas these days. So functional thinking has slowly been sneaking into the imperative programmers day job too. This has made more of us interested in these languages that consist almost only of these bits we find to be the most elegant in our OO languages. It's simply less scary. In 1998 the difference between Haskell and Java 1.1 was quite large. In 2014 the difference between C#5 and F#3.1, or between Java 8 and one of the functional JVM languages, is no longer big enough to make it scary. y is a pointer to a pointer to a pointer to a pointer to a pointer to an instance of Foo. What the author wanted to show was that there is automatic dereference: z = y.foo() Will just reference through all five pointers and call the method on the object directly. In this case I find the single page much too busy, and I'm likely to miss important information simply because it is drowned in detail. I'm happy reading a couple of pages of a select few resumes. Which ones? The ones with a good first page. The first page should be all I need to begin with. If using several pages, it shouldn't be half the info on the first page, other half on the second. Just put the important bits first and keep the details on subsequent pages. Anything that is too much detail goes on the second. For example, you could outline previous work experiences on the first page, while going into detail on the second. You could specify programming languages you master on the first, while listing specific experiences/frameworks/systems built on the second. Basically, just the headlines from this resume should go on the first page, while the lists of info beneath each headline could go on anotherpage. That lets it be scanned in seconds, lets it look good with good use of whitespace. Obviously when applying for a job, the resume should be tweaked for the specific job. A very relevant experience from a previous job can be lifted to the first page and so on. Feels like it needs proper (reified/runtime) generics in order to be useful. Reified generics and value types would be a complete and long overdue break in backwards compatibility. But It's a bit sad how java struggles to become a C# from five years ago. Would make a lot more sense to leave java alone, add reified generics and value types at the bytecode/vm level and instead launch a new language that could use all of it. Throw in pattern matching, algebraic data types and a bit more and I'm sold. There is a huge industry doing e.g. CAD applications that will likely never be web based. I'm not saying erasure is a bad idea for the jvm, but from a java perspective it's horrible. Not having structs or primitive/struct collections makes all types of low level interop and/or high perf (e.g game) programming cumbersome. Specialization for value types (including ones not known at compile time) is the main point imho of reified generics, yes. I like scala and agree that F#'s typed sometimes feels like the bastard child of ML and C# (although I do like ML syntax better). I agree with you that the backwards compatibility of java is a feature now, since so many other languages incorporate what we'd otherwise want to see in java. I thought that compile time specializations wouldn't reach all the way, just like C++ templates don't. I think they are probably trying to solve the same problem from two different directions. Google appears to be making an advanced and expensive solution to "full" autonomous driving. The limitation will not be in where it can go, but it is initially limited in weather/environmental conditions. The target audience is likely not production cars in the short term, but a system like theirs can for example make their street view photography cars autonomous: they can work in summer, stop if it rains, and it doesn't matter too much if they cost twice as much as a regular car. It will of course be a regulation nightmare to allow the driverless cars out in the street though. Volvo on the other hand will probably try to make a simpler and much less expensive solution that will have to work in rain/darkness/snow, and not add a significant amount to the cost of the car. Clearly that means having other restrictions, presumably in the overall intelligence or in which roads it works on. Volvo's system is likely intended for making day-to-day travel more secure at the lowest cost possible, not for creating completely autonomous navigation and problem solving (e.g. 4 way stop turn-taking). It must work in almost any environmental conditions, but it will probably require a driver at all times, and will almost certainly not work everywhere. So a divide-and-conquer algorithm on collections is more elegant functionally than imperatively? Also: water found wet. Haskell is elegant & Java isn't, but cherry picking examples always comes with a risk of making your argumentation straw-man-ish. Would be interesting to see some examples where imperative isn't so horrible, and how Haskell compares. The in-place sort the author mentions, for example. Question is: starting in the idiomatic Haskell implementation that you discover is too slow, what is the next step? How does one iteratively go from that to a slightly faster one, to an even faster one? You don't, because it's near impossible. In Haskell you have defined quicksort, not instructed your computer how to do it. That's the reason it's beautiful, but also the reason it's hard to iteratively refine your soluion. There is basically only one definition of quicksort: your program, and you can't iteratively "refine the definition" You can try to make it in-place in Haskell but there is no clear transition from your initial version to the in-place version . The in-place haskell one looks something like this (and that java code shows no sign of envy now). Answer: like this http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5268156/how-do-you-do-an-... This is my main problem with functional programming: it makes it very easy to go 90% of the way in a very elegant matter. Once you hit that brick wall though, you come to a point where you'd cut an arm off for a mutable array. Perhaps the solution isn't to write horrible Haskell but rather either use a less strict functional language OR outsource that 10% of the code to an imperative language, rather than making contrived, complicated code like the in-place Haskell quicksort? Sounds like a good read, sold! Point is: when you post a view or a location name that's when you want to tell the world where you are. I'm not inadvertently revealing my location I'm very much advertently revealing it. I assume there are much more creepy techniques to tell where I am when I don't explicitly reveal it. If your language has you type more because it has a static ype system then it's just poor at inferring types and/or it's syntax has you write out things that it could infer anyway. You may have to write types in C# from time to time, but often you don't have to: // This an array of integers. var x = new[]{1, 2, 3}; // This is a list of integers. var y = x.ToList(); // This is an anonymous type. var pet = new { Age = 10, Name = "Fluffy" }; Zero type names there. Not all types can be inferred by literals though, most annoyingly dictionaries: var myDict = new Dictionary { { "test", "test" }, { "test2", "test2" } }; although I'm sure that could also have been created without typing out the name if you really wanted. > So even when the network can model your function well, there is no guarantee that it will find the solution. If it models the function over the input domain, then it is properly trained. If it is trained to a local minima then it doesn't model the underlying function well over the whole input domain. If you have good/representative training and validation sets you will be able to tell. > Esp. if its clear that in their minds NN have magical powers I know that type. When dealing with ANN's you realize quickly (just like in all data science) that all of the "magic" relies on the manual work and thought that goes into washing and adapting the data. Not very sexy work, and work that requires a fair bit of knowledge about the problem domain. > For me ANN's always seem to get stuck on not very helpful local minima That isn't the ANN that gets stuck, it's the training algorithm (using gradient descent) that gets stuck :) Training is orthogonal to the operation of the network itself (which is just a nonlinear function in the end!). Gradient descent via error backpropagation is the most common training method for MLP's, but you could imagine doing a random/brute force algorithm that is significantly simpler to implement, but slower. Since a network is often trained once and then used repeatedly, it is often plausible to train it for several weeks if needed! A pure random search is usually not feasible, but adding randomization to a gradient descent will help. There are many ways to avoid local minima for a gradient desccent, if you have time to wait. > maybe they'll also mention something about "genetic algorithms" The simple error backpropagation methods only work well for normal feed-forward networks. Other topologies e.g. recurrent networks require more exotic methods. In my (limited) experience genetic algorithms are rarely efficient as a training method though. Wouldn't it be quite easy for a link shortener to find the final target url and just point to that instead of pointing to another shortener url? It could even heuristically try to search further if the pointed to url looks like an already shortened one (i.e. it's shorter than a treshold). You pick one API per platform. With DX you get All PC:s that run windows (I.e almost all gaming PC:s), as well as Xbox. If your game targets another platform such as PlayStation you pick LibGCM or similar. GL can be used as a back end for some/all platforms but you can't use a single GL backend for all platforms because of the differences. The fact that DX is hugely popular as a backend for Win/Xbox even for games/engines that also target non-DX platforms is pretty compelling evidence of its popularity among developers. Police use helicopters for all sorts of things. What is problematic isn't the monitoring from above, it's that it is so cheap. A helicopter with crew costs over $1000 per hour, so we know you know we aren't being monitored indiscriminately from above. Its simply to expensive. With drones, the cost of air surveillance drops to a whole other level. A level that almost allows for mass surveillance. The same argument can be made about drone warfare: it's not the shooting/bombing from above that is disturbing, it's that it can be performed at almost zero risk. The same argument we saw in communications surveillance. When listening to a phone call was expensive it was one thing, when listening to communications became free we know what happened. Cost, however, shouldn't be what limits surveillance, regulation should. If police can switch from a helicopter to a drone for sime mission, and save 90%, that should be a good thing. > How do you regulate the regulators? That's politics. Democracy requires things like accountability, transparency. If the government has huge authorities that are almost completely opaque to scrutiny, that's a democracy problem. Wait, if special interests make laws that's another very fundamental democracy problem. This isn't passing the buck, it's pointing out the obvious fact that its all one and the same. Democracy is having all your authorities under scrutiny and control by the people. It's hard. In a state with unbelievable amounts spent on lobbying and with self-monitoring intelligence authorities, there are certainly things to work on. Imagine a country where corporations can't sponsor political campaigns. Or where surveillance isn't monitored by secret courts applying secret laws. Democracy isn't black or white, it's always a shade of gray. The average house sizes are more culturally rooted than dependent on standard of living. For example, by measuring size of apartments/houses and cars/capita you'd find Manhattan to be the poorest (lowest standard of living) part of the US which is of course nonsense. We don't have urban sprawl in order to accommodate cheap/large houses, but it's by choice, mostly. Standard of living and various happiness indices include so much more than could be fitted into the term purchasing power (which is higher in the US than in most of the world). My standard of living is very dependent on 5-6 weeks paid holiday, 6-12 months paid paternity leave and so on. In my income bracket I could afford those things just by saving, that is, I pay more for them through taxes than I receive back, but I'm still strongly for them. Among other things because only through normalizing long paternal leaves did it become acceptable to employers to interrupt your career 6-12 months 1-3 times in a career, without being classed as "not motivated" or passed over for promotions etc. A Rust port of JodaTime should definitely be based on Jon Skeet's NodaTime (the .NET port) which probably maps easier to rust because of the closer similarity of C# to Rust (value types etc). Instant failure even on simple questions that it should pass easily. - what's your fathers name? > He's a gynecologist. - O_o clearly not the application that fooled a third of judges. It should be in the public (government) interest to have Young adults date start and thus complete their degrees as early as possible in life. It's also presumably in the public interest that as many as possible are included in the pool eligible for qualified jobs (you want the top students to be doctors, not the children of rich parents). Social mobility is also a factor, if university studies are expensive that will severely limit social mobility. The conclusion is this: higher education should be free, and governments should not only ensure that it is, but that the free education holds at least the same quality as non-free (perhaps surprisingly this is already the case in many countries with free higher education). Even without tuition fees, housing, food and books are expensive, so grants or cheap loans are still necessary. The solution in Sweden and many similar countries is to have state guaranteed (I.e subsidized) loans where there is no private entity wanting a premium for the risk of lending money. The result is that anyone can afford taking loans to study, and it usually pays off very quickly. In what way is it unsolved? For what type of games? In my experience, for any games that allow you to easily run your own server for you and your friends (e.g. Counter Strike), finding servers is no problem. With g-sync and similar we will probably see smooth gameplay at lower refresh rates, meaning 4k gaming can be a little closer than it would be if we wanted 4k @ 60Hz. The real elephant in the room is the poor scaling of applications, on my 4k laptop screen on windows 8.1 I tried making it work for a few weeks using windows' scaling settings, but caved and just set it to 1/4 resolution and haven't looked back. On a small screen the benefit of more pixels just doesn't outweigh the downside of many apps being unusable. As the article says, the routine use of hormones and antibiotics for livestock has been banned for almost a decade in Europe. What scares me is that with the new trade deal currently being hammered out between the EU and the US, there is a lot of pressure to "harmonize" the regulations, meaning the US will demand their chlorine-rinsed chicken, and hormone/antibiotics filled beef be allowed in the european markets. There is a possibility that some authority in the US will (be lobbied to) require hormones/chlorine-rinsing/antibiotics in order for the food to be deemed safe for American consumers, yes. So sadly, there needs to be some "harmonization" meaning turning the clock back a couple of decades in Europe. > Use of anti-biotics for livestock has not been banned in Europe, where exactly do you get this info from? http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antibiotic_use_in_livestock#E... (And by Europe I meant the EU) Sadly, not all countries seem to respect the ban. In a few countries (e.g. Sweden) there is neither vaccination nor any antibacterial treatment of the meat. And salmonella is nearly a non-issue. Climate may be a factor, but probably not the only factor. imho if we allow "cheap" treatments such as vaccination or preventive antibiotics, that also means we allow a cheaper way of keeping your animals healthy (cheaper than rigorous routines for hygiene/disease control/animal separation). if it's allowed to do so, it's a competitive edge, so it becomes standard practice. Your healthcare system (which allows a tie betwen health and poverty) is the root problem of your poverty. Your statement about health problems leading to poverty means a guess of your home country would be "Third world country, or the US". How screwed up is that? I hope your health improves. Sadly, you can't legislate away the fact that there are always people who have less money. Last I checked, the possibility of getting a rent-controlled apartment in NYC was about the same as it is in stockholm (where you could argue that almost all apartments are rent-controlled). Even with market rents (which will come sooner or later), you won't find an apartment to rent because no one would build them (more profitable to build to sell, plus there is barely any place to build left in the central city). The law was recently changed so you can charge the true cost (including interest rates) when subletting, meaning that there is now a market for subletting apartments that uses market pricing more or less. In th tech sector, it doesn't really matter where you come from as long as you speak English. If English is your first language, even better. The problem with getting a job in Sweden, which can be surprisingly hard is because a) worker protection laws are strong, bordering ridiculous. You can literally not fire the worst person on your team and hire someone else. b) salaries are comparably flat with high entry level salaries. Due to strong unions and high taxes on work, minimum wages are high ($10-20 depending on sector) and the minimum cost for hiring someone could be 50% higher including fees/taxes. This means there are no cheap employees. Together with generous benefit systems, the equilibrium unemployment is high, so there will always be a pool of people speaking Swedish that can take the job you are after. For unskilled immigrants without good English skills, this is a huge obstacle, there are thousands of people that literally cannot "produce" value that matches the cost of employing them. On the positive side, once you have a full time job, you can provide for a family, without working a second job or more than 40h/week. For skilled and/or English speaking immigrants, coming here shouldn't be a problem. Most people speak English, including bus drivers and anyone else you'll meet. I think the consensus is that swedes probably have the best English of all who don't have it as their first language. So it isn't just realistic, it's simple. Language-wise you may find it easier than parts of the UK (I'm not even joking). In the tech sector as well as all larger/multinational corporations English will be the primary language used. In fact, people who come to learn Swedish are routinely disappointed when they don't get a chance to try it, as the swedes are so delighted to speak English. Is there an outline somewhere of the differences between ordinary Mathematica syntax and "Wolfram Language"? I was a bit disappointed when I first discovered that it seemed so only resemble Mathematica, which is excellent for REPL style programming but pretty hopeless for large scale structured programming, much like Matlab. Of course regulation is needed. Insurance, car-standard, driver skill, all of that has to be known by the customer merely by the fact that you are stepping into a taxi. Can there be too much regulation, too archaic? Sure, but I can't see how that motivates sidestepping it entirely. In Stockholm, taxis (normal ones) are regulated in terms of insurance etc. but unlike most other cities, taxi prices are not regulated. This hasn't meant lower prices through healthy competition but rather hundreds of scam companies charging 10x the fares of the 2-3 largest companies that have 95% of the market. I miss the days of more regulation, but won't use Uber merely because they don't guarantee union wages etc like the other companies do. It's hard to trace products through the entire chain of production, but yes, in Sweden it's quite hard to buy products and services produced without the union setting the wages (there are no minimum wages set by law, only unions, and the union negotiates wages also for non-union employees). It might be under the headline "Scandinavian model" of that econ textbook. Empirical only, of course it isn't a perfect natural experiment as there is no control group. We can't know what the regulated prices would have been. I think that is very much up to the local political climate, whether there are companies/groups that want to protect the status quo, and so on. Uber is a global thing, it may have started because of local taxi regulation in the US, but all I'm saying is that it isn't necessarily the same thing everywhere. If wages were left to market mechanisms, there would be no need for a set minimum wage. The fact that there is a minimum wage, and that many earn just that, is a clear indication that the market price of labor isn't negotiated between parties of equal strength. To be clear: regardless of who sets the minimum wage, there is a minimum wage, and you aren't free to take a job under that level. To be honest, it would seem easier to "control" the union of which you are a member, than to adjust the minimum wage. It's just two organizations where one (congress/parliament) feels larger and further away. A huge drawback of a single minimum wage (not differing between different parts of the labor market) is that it will spel trouble for companies when businesses on different parts of the cycle would be treated the same. As an example, here companies relying on export such as truck makers are hugely sensitive to drops in global economy, and unions will accept frozen wages to limit layoffs as soon as bad times hit, which it does early in the cycle. Meanwhile service jobs or the public sector may be at a completely different point in the economy cycle, with perhaps 1-2 years before bad times hit. To use the same wages in both parts of the labor market would be a rather blunt solution. I agree that FP will not be the solution to all problems just like OO wasn't, but what FP does is it forces the developer to think hard in every situation. There are fewer shortcuts that can lead to broken abstractions and hard to find errors. On the other hand, with OO you are always just a few more lines of code away from shipping. It's popular because it provides easy abstractions over data (rather than operations), but as we all know it causes unnecessary coupling and broken abstractions if you aren't careful. Imperative programming (not just OO) presents a lot of problems for concurrency, which is perhaps the biggest problem in the coming decade. OO can be done right, but when it is, it's just as "hard" as FP. In fact, a lot of good OO code is functional in nature. What is tempting about FP is that it will make programming hard enough that bad programs won't ship. Is proponents of FP think that programming should be hard. That it should require a lot of thought up front, for every line of code. In a good lang and framework, a complete program is a good program. This idea is likely not very welcome in an industry where deadlines are always more important than quality. "PHP-elitist" is an oxymoron, right? Like a dumpster-foodie or an instant-coffee aficionado? There you go! There's a person (and programming language) for every taste... It's important to remember that C# does not imply .NET Xamarin has done some great stuff lately, for example you can use C# to make a native 3-platform mobile app. This is still proprietary tech, but it isn't Microsoft and it isn't .NET In my eyes the best thing about the .NET ecosystem is the tools, if you like me fancy a polished IDE like IDEA, then VS is definitely one of the best ones around. In my eyes tools are more important than platforms, languages and licenses. The productivity hit of poor tools is much more expensive than anything else. Also, if you are looking at C#, don't forget to consider F#. Compare a minimalist service built on Node/AWS with one built on F#/Azure and it's not too different in cost but a much nicer language and better tools. If I were to make a web backend of some kind I'd go with C#/F#, but NOT IIS, not SQL Server, and depending on the instance costs of hosting, perhaps not windows either. This is a good list of frameworks, including NancyFx, ServiceStack http://fsharp.org/guides/web/index.html This has changed a lot, especially over the last couple of years, a lot due to the F# project. You should look at self-hosted NancyFx or ServiceStack with F# as a good alternative to Node.js The fact that the "other solutions" aren't popular is probably just because C# is the go to language in windows/.NET shops that already have knowledge and infrastructure. It's not that they are technically inferior. Linq is an opportunity to write slow code very quickly. Of course when you have to spell out a 1-line Linq expression as a 50 line method, you'll notice that you wrote a triple nested loop and avoid it. But the point is this: the longer code is MUCH harder to comprehend than a concise Linq query, and the developer that didn't see that their Linq query was going to be slow wouldn't have reacted on that the expanded version also looked slow. The single line query can be more easily refactored as it can be comprehended. So I say write slow code so you can find what's slow early on. The problem is likely to be in the architecture and data structures rather than in the processing code. If Linq gives an opportunity to deliver a working example quickly, and that example shows that for large N the perf is horrible, then Linq was extremely useful! Change some collection type, demoralize something, add some caching etc. and then slightly adjust the Linq query to suite. Large query methods are inertia to such changes so when they DO become necessary it's a larger effort. Note that I mean Linq to objs now not Linq to Sql or some other provider. Short term costs work the other way though: every company or organization needs to be able to read an office file in the latest format, edit it, and return it to the sender with full fidelity. If OpenOffice inserts a page break where MS office wouldn't have, that is a problem. The open programs read docx reasonably well, but implementing ms word clean room with all it's behaviors is near impossible, and every difference hides a cost for the users that communicate. Within an organization you could agree to use some open format (regardless of word processor), and you could archive in some long term format. But you can't change the fact that incoming documents will be in the format that Microsofts latest word processor spits out, and you never want to have that nagging feeling that your word processor may have misread it ever so slightly. The costs seem to mention training and support, but not comparing productivity makes it useless. It's like arguing that you can use the Gimp rather than photoshop, which is only true until you try. The whole point of software is that it increases productivity (word processor rather than typewriter). While it may be the case that Linux and open source alternatives saves a bunch on licenses, I don't buy the argument that it is an amount "saved" until thurough research is made in the productivity of the users. If you want to be international, you don't even try that. You let the communication say "Dear $Name" and you are done. Even if it means none of the emails say what you want it to say. And yes, even for a US system I don't think it's a good idea to ask for first/initial/last or to ask for formal/informal. Chinese users in the US will be happy to just see a "Name" field. Just ask for a name! I'd stay away from gender/greeting too. Mr/Ms/Mrs/Dr etc. are way too culturally narrow even for the US. Well, it could work either way I suppose, but in my experience, usability/productivity of desktop software is severely lacking in OSS software (unlike e.g server software). Perhaps due to problems attracting non-developers to work on them. Polish is expensive, but polish is productivity. The potential upside like you mention would be more licenses at lower cost. Whether that was a bottleneck depends on the organization in question. Either way I don't think it's possible to make any conclusions without research. There is such a thing as inherent productivity in the software though. Switching from one piece of software to another has a fixed cost, but switching to software that makes you more productive will help offset that cost. I agree on OO. The risk in my eyes here is that OSS (desktop) software is almost invariably less productive than proprietary software for some reason. Switching that way can make sense if you save a lot on licenses, administration etc., but if you have to pay once for a switch AND then pay continuously by using less productive software you are taking a much higher risk. It may give a warm fluffy feeling to be using open standards, but the problem is that the only standard that exists is a de-facto proprietary standard set by Microsoft. It may be noble to try to change that, but I certainly wouldn't want to spend tax money being the first major city to do so. > Well while we don't need to state reasons, there is also the risk that all proprietary software is less productive for some reason. Only from simple empirical studies of a few software packages (OO vs MS Office, Gimp vs PS, Eclipse vs IDEA, Blender vs. many) I think it's fairly obvious that the "normal" open source model doesn't match the megacorp development model for complex desktop software. My best guess at the reason is that 1) Ivory Tower is better than committee design for user interfaces 2) you need a LOT of expensive non dev resources such as designers and focus groups which just don't seem to materialize for the open source projects like they do when Adobe or Microsoft waves a pay check. I think there may be lots to save in administration, servers etc when moving to Linux, but 2014 isn't the year of desktop Linux, far from it. You really can't motivate not buying office for a few bucks per month and expect to save money. You CAN probably save a ton by ditching exchange/SQL server and so on, where there are plenty of good alternatives. But Ubuntu/OpenOffice instead of Win/Office? I doubt it, given reasonably low volume license costs. That just says that web browsing is now a mobile activity. I think this project is about replacing desktop and laptop computers with linux. On desktop laptop windows is still dominating and losing mostly to MacOS And then we should remember that the big cross platform ones are used by an audience 20x larger than Linux only applications, so they should be the good ones. What's a good, large/complex OSS app that beats its proprietary competitors? It sure isn't gimp or eclipse. It's Chromium! Which is backed by a megacorp. See the pattern? I have yet to see an OSS project impress me with a large/complex desktop application. I'm sceptical it will ever happen. interesting. If the message is in English, would such rules still apply? We are talking about formatting a message with a foreign name (origin unknown) in a known language, e.g English. I think the same argument holds for OO vs MS Office as well. They are much closer than Gimp/PS obviously, but for power users they aren't even close to interchangeable. A good middle ground would be migrating the 95 or 99% who are "casual" users to open source, but you'd then have a heterogeneous system, which isn't ideal. VM's could be used to have all-Linux desktops and still provide users of win-only software with what they need. My point is: the big savings are in the 95% but the big cost is for migrating the last 5%. The cost of win (desktop) licenses is virtually zero, and office subscriptions are also dirt cheap. That's not where you save money. It's a few dollars per month. You can motivate that cost even for someone who uses office apps casually once a week. A dedicated digital audio jack would be a useful addition, it could even take the place of the useless composite video RCA, so the port arrangement of the Model B would be kept. With a digital audio jack a pi could be a decent hifi music streamer, better and cheaper than the AirPort Express. Now you need a $30-50 splitter (or the hifiberry add on) to get the audio off the hdmi, which makes the total cost more than double. It should be fairly simple to have a single rca jack serve both purposes and switch with a jumper. It would be interesting to hear how many actually use the rca video. Some of these are borderline useless, but I can definitely see the point in bots pulling structured data into templates IF the data is rich enough to gain from being in human-readable format OR if the topic is noteworthy enough to warrant a stub, that is, it is likely to become a hand written article in the future. The last time the CIA picked up targets in Sweden it was a quick job with an unmarked private jet headed for Egypt. http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/05... Highly illegal, and had our foreign minister not been murdered, she would have been held accountable as there was a huge outrage over the whole debacle. To me this says two things: 1) "the law" didn't mean much last time, so Assange is right to be careful 2) his public profile together with the last incident in fresh memory means he is probably at very little risk to be treated illegally in Sweden, especially as elections are coming up in September. My guess: he'll go to Sweden, he'll be questioned by police, then let go. Seeing as he spent a couple of years hiding to avoid this, he will probably find this surprising, and no one else will. It's not even a trial, merely a questioning. And while he has offered to have the questioning take place in London, Swedish law simply doesn't permit it. While that might be ridiculous, it won't just change for this particular case (and Swedish authorities don't make the laws, they enforce them). Next he wanted guarantees from Swedish authorities that if he were to travel to Sweden, he wouldn't be extradited to the US. Swedes tried to explain that no such guarantees can be made: authorities can only process requests for extradition once made . Giving a guarantee up front would be illegal as it completely circumvents the laws regarding extraditions. These two things combined meant Assange complained "I can't be questioned here nor be guaranteed I won't be extradited to the US!", both of which are ridiculous complaints when you read the laws involved. Government should not give preemptive assurances and forego the courts, regardless of whether it has happened in the past. The main question is: what is there to gain for Sweden by offering any guarantees to Assange (other than having him show up sooner)? It's a matter of relations with the US (which are closer than they should be as Snowden revealed) versus the matter of human rights. A delicate decision without a given answer. In Sweden one probably wants to keep the possibilities open and delay all investigations regarding refugee status, extradition requests etc to when they actually have Assange. If he wants to wait several years until he needs to visit a hospital, neither the US nor the Swedes really care: his whereabouts are known. Try Stockholm, it has a huge tech sector and you can go there to work as an EU citizen, no questions asked. You can't afford to live in stockholm either without a job of course, but programmers get jobs quite easily if they speak English, and salaries are decent. As everywhere salaries vary wildly (as they should), but an uneducated "scriptkid" without experience probably makes EUR2500/mo, a 5yr exp collage educated developer makes EUR3500-5500 and top devs of course make much more than that in some industries. It all depends. "Rent" is pretty much unheard of since getting an apartment to rent in central stockholm is impossible due to rent control, so if you move to stockholm to work in tech you most likely sublet someone's apartment at EUR750-2000/mo depending on size and location. A single bedroom apt in central Stockholm is ~1000. I'd think so too, but not sure about exact terms and amounts of paperwork. Oslo has higher rents and prices but also higher wages and lower taxes. I think he size of the tech/programming job market is probably quite a bit larger in Stockholm though. So if the advice is for developers only, I'd recommend Stockholm over Oslo. For many other jobs it would be the other way around. I quite enjoy "my life" the rpg. I could do without the grinding for items though. Also, my characters appearance is frankly ridiculous and I have failed to find a way of customizing it. I'm starting to think I picked the wrong class to begin with. In football it's fairly simple, the rule used to be "you have scored a goal when you have shot the ball far enough into the net that an old half-blind referee can see that it's in the net". Sure there are mistakes with that rule, but the whole game is about subjective calls from the ref, so saying that a cup would hinge on a few millimeters is just silly. The ref could still have missed six penalties for the other team. GLT removes the obvious mistakes, which is good because they are controversial and it's bad PR for the sport, but football will always be about subjective calls. If I was already super rich and selling my company I'd still prefer making 10-100 if my peers rich, rather than explain to them why they have to keep their day jobs because I'm convinced it's for a good cause. Both the JVM and the CLR are regularly beaten by C/C++, despite claims that they are "as fast". What gives? In my view the whole problem comes down to whether or not you are using an idiomatic approach or not. In idiomatic C#/Java you use a lot of heap allocations, garbage collection, you may be using dynamic dispatch and so on. If you write a C# program that uses stack allocation only (no classes, only structs and primitives), no inheritance/polymorphism, no exceptions, you should find that the CLR stands up pretty well to a C++ program. Sadly, what you have done then is essentially code in a very small subset of C#, OR you have achieved something that is so hard and so prone to foot-shooting you could just as well have used C++ to begin with. To reverse the argument: if you use C++ with loads of garbage collected objects etc. you will end up with performance similar to a java/C# program. But in idiomatic C++, you usually don't. Hopefully the tooling will take off once the language stabilizes. Using a "newish" language is a total exercise in frustration when you are a spoiled kid who expects an IDE to come with your language configured, and a nice big play button for running your first program. For a language to take off, it badly needs a very good (ideally "official") development experience, such as a custom eclipse impl, or a very good IntelliJ plugin. When a dev experience comes with batteries included it lowers the treshold substantially from just "use whatever text editor you like and compile on command line, here is a readme". I agree, my point is merely that the bulk of the difference between idiomatic Java programs and idiomatic C++ programs is due to the wildly different ways of of programming idiomatically in Java vs. C++. The small (steady state) performance difference remaining when doing the "exact same thing" in both programs is just down to how good the C++ compiler is vs. the VM JIT at optimizing (usually better, sadly). What intrigues me about Rust is that hopefully we won't have to choose between readability and elegance vs. performance and safety. Keep up the good work. I agree completely. For an "inner loop" scenario in C# you have to use the straight jacket version of C#. Luckily you can use idiomatic C# for the rest of the program. The option to using "straight jacket C#" is using C/C++ interop for a part of the program. If that part is large enough, such as in most high end games, it's usually worth biting the bullet and go C++ throughout. Luckily again, those programs are rare. Point is still that C-style C# is almost as fast as C++ (modulo compiler specific optimizations) but for the reasons above, that fact isn't very interesting. Most important in my book: an IDE should be a simple batteries included experience. Something tweakable like eclipse or emacs is fine, but I want it tweaked. I don't want to tell my editor where it can find my compiler or what language I'm using. I want to install, type in a syntax highlighted and auto-completed hello world program, and have it run. Plenty of IDE's do this, for example variations of eclipse/netbeans/idea and of course VS. Confusingly similar name to the new .NET JIT; "RyuJIT"! http://blogs.msdn.com/b/dotnet/archive/2013/09/30/ryujit-the... Yeah. And 4 and 4s. I'm interested in what upgrading will give me, not really how it compares to other high end phones (not switching from iOS). I doubt many 5S users are upgrading to 6, but a lot of 4S and 5-users. Is there any particular reason why PureScript was designed with a single number type (so no proper ints)? I know that's how JS sees things, but now with a whole proper type system it would seem like we should have proper numbers? I admit I haven't read the entire docs, is there a way to e.g. have the type checker ensure a number field such as a year in a date isn't assigned a non integer? I'm not sure I understand the problem, I meant that in PureScript there would be distinct number types, and the PureScript compiler would forbid me to assign an int field with a double value. The generated JS would be all regular JS "numbers" (ie floating point throughout). I mean there are several compilers from langs with strong type systems, such as F#->JS with FunScript, and in those, usually the source lang has integers... As long as it is efficient and compiler supported (I.e an int add ends up as the proper instruction, and improper assignment ends up as a meaningful compiler error) I think the implementation doesn't matter. Going to Natural numbers and such feels like a separate topic from just having efficient and type safe (modulo overflow) integers. Assuming you mean two 32 bit integers, the result is a new 32bit integer that may have overflown. The compiler doesn't care in any language I know of. Yeah, that IS crazy. How come companies don't offer holdays as comp? Here (Sweden) having an extra week holiday (6 rather than 5 weeks) is a common comp. Why aren't companies competing with that in the US? If I was offered $150k with 10-15 days holiday and 50hr work weeks (expected), I'd immediately start bargaining for 25-30 paid days off, and make sure I wouldn't be expected to work more than 40h/w. Is that uncommon in the US? Or is it common to take unpaid days off, which you can afford given the high salaries? Sure, and I realize good developers are hard to find, but unless you are looking for the 23year old "ninja" type developers who like doing all nighters, would you not need to care about work/life balance of employees too? Startups that need to launch yesterday I realize often have young employees without family, but these are large corps like Oracle/Yahoo/Google, these have to employ quite a lot of engineers in their 30s, 40s and 50s? Like I said, I'd be willing to accept a substantially lower pay for a good holiday (5-6 weeks), and a good work/life balance otherwise, like good processes that ensure there's no regular "crunch time". > You get into work at 8am and you leave work at 8pm To be comparable, a salary number should reflect a full time work week, and be for a position which TWO people can hold, full time, while still having time to pick up kids. Obviously if I worked 12h days I'd be supporting my partner who could NOT have the same full time job. Not sure what these figures represent, I thought they were regular day-jobs, which you could hold while still having a meaningful work/life balance? > These employees are bringing in billions of dollars for these companies and for them to still receive The same can be said for employees of any large corporation. Sure you may be more or less replaceable, but still: the dollars brought in are return on risk by investors. It's no more appalling than fast food workers being paid peanuts in fast food chains that make a billion. Point taken, I'm sure there are better examples than fast food of companies paying peanuts but earning millions per employee, probably due to huge investments/risks involved. Natural resources and banks come to mind. Still, there is nothing that should make Apple pay more because they can, they only need to be competitive in salaries, not excessive. If they wanted to compensate employees more, that would probably not show up in these figures as it would likely not be base salary but rather bonuses/stock etc. So in this culture, is it common to do a few years of high-income work with 12hr days and high compensation, and then you get a "quieter" job somewhere else when you need a job that allows you to pick the kids up at 4.30pm? Or how does it work? Obviously children aren't unheard of in Silicon Valley, and as far as I understand it's a pretty progressive part of the US, so I assume that families have two careers to worry about? Something doesn't add up if long days are norm. "Hard to find developers" just means "Hard to find people who will do X when we pay Y". As for cost of living, if NYC/SF tech companies offer competitive salaries for those areas (like $150k) that must be a fortune for people working remotely from almost anywhere else. So assuming that remote work is quite normal, and the companies accept paying SF salaries to remote workers from everywhere, I can't see how they can fail to find talent. Thanks for the insights. Perhaps it is time for companies to compete for talent on these parameters instead? I think I've seen some companies trying to attract talent like that now that I think about it (was it stack exchange perhaps?). I might underestimate the power of the almighty buck here, but I'd take the employer that says "we value work/life balance, when we say 40h/week we mean it literally, we allow remote work, and we have 5 paid weeks off". As for my questions above, it still doesn't add upp. Either you don't have kids as long as you hold one of these jobs or at least both parents can't have such jobs, so it's basically a job that requires one parent to stay at home at least part time? Or you need a nanny to pick up your kids after school/kindergarten? My guess is that you are going to say that normally one parent (and not a random one) just stays home for years after having kids, but that would be a real blow to my view of SF/NYC as progressive... It seems odd to me that people making a lot of money (which I hope these salaries are considered), wouldn't just invest a huge chunk of it in family/free time, by simply working less hours, e.g. 75% at 75% pay. With my european glasses, the salaries look huge, but of course I haven't factored the cost of living and certainly not the impact on work/life balance. I hold a well paid (by local standards) full time dev job, and I drop off kids at 8 and pick them up at 4.30. Every other day my wife does that so I can work a bit longer. I never manage to do 40h at the office, but it's considered normal for people with kids to leave early and do an hour or so of work in the evening. Not sure what my point is, I guess it's that I'm surprised of how a "culture of work" can form in this way in a country that is often percieved as valuing family quite a lot, especially in progressive regions where presumably equality means a lot. Also I'm surprised of how employers (candidates, rather) aren't pushing the compensation in a more work/life balance friendly direction. Especially since these were visa applications, a lot of which I assume come from people used to 5w holidays and actual 40h workweeks. Thanks. Remember to go work in Stockholm when you have kids ;) I rather use C# then, for exactly that reason AND no proper value types or primitives in generics drives me absolutely insane. That said, lack of algebraic types and other functional language features in C# is starting to have the same effect. The day I'm not bringing new tech that no one asked for into my work is the day I either die or quit programming :) I don't know, I think VS express is one of few batteries-included dev experiences. What's easy is subjective of course but to me, having to configure an editor to use a compiler (downloaded separately) is a huge turnoff. I agree the .net ecosystem leaves a lot to be desired in aux tools like build system/pkg management, but it's no worse than Java, JS or Python in that respect imho. Not sure which kind of tool you refer to? I have tried to make that point but usually I'm told it's impossible ir unnecessary. a compromise would perhaps be to allow at least reified primitive generics so that List would be a proper runtime type whereas List would be the runtime version of all reference types in List . Obviously, this would be a half-assed solution unless custom value types like point structs would also be allowed without boxing in similar scenarios. I'm not sure but I think that these things need pretty significant changes to the runtime. My conclusion is that Java doesn't need this. It won't be elegant no matter what amount of lipstick is added. I even think some of the current features like lambdas are overkill. Instead, features should be added at the vm level to allow for other jvm langs to use them. A good functional language with good generics over primitives and proper value types would be awesome. F# is a good example of such a language (scala and clojure aren't) Interesting. Curious to see if they choose exactly the same approach to e.g. value types as the CLR and C# teams did. In C# it feels like there are very few places where choices could have been made differently. Something I really miss in C#/Java is a possibility to opt out of GC and use more stack allocation. Yep, there are a few others. Netbeans is clearly high on the list of those that tick all the boxes and is still free. It still doesn't come close to the most expensive versions of VS (with ReSharper), and IntelliJ, but those don't compete in the free tier. Don't forget F# and Roslyn. There's not much of an ivory tower there at all any more. Mutable structs in c# are rare, rarely useful and often dangerous, but in some perf critical scenarios that hack is needed. Most notably the standard List .Enumerator is a mutable struct because othrrwise an object would have to be created on the heap for the sole purpose of iterating a list. Not sure whether this was actually one of the reasons for allowing mutable structs to begin with, the use case is critical enough that it might well have been. Yes and you do things in Java like create an MyIntCollection to get around the shortcomings of generics wrt. primitives, but the point is that it is just that: workarounds. What I really want is for perf to be good while the code is still clean/readable/expressive/idiomatic. In Java/C# you must usually write idiomatic+slow and then refactor into fast kludges. Agree it's always the case regardless of language, but it's about moving that boundary where you have to leave idiomatic and make something less readable in order for it to perform. As an example, C#'s value types and generics with primitives makes that a lot better than in java. If workarounds like these are common in the use of Go then leaving it out of the language was a mistake. The argument that generics comes at a complexity cost is nonsense: unless used it has no cost, the code would look like code does today. The complexity added by NOT having generics in a strictly typed language is enormous (as these examples show). In what way are any of these examples more readable than "proper" generics? A copy pasted solution with 3 different specializations is three times the code! The replace-"T"-solution is hardly any better in terms of readability than a modern (D/C#/Rust/Java) generic Collection would be? Same in Stockholm, Uber isnt some revolutionary new method of transportation, it's another taxi co among hundreds. The app+payment is the only thing that sets them apart, but apps of course exist for a handful of the other largest taxi companies. Since there are hundreds of companies there are all sorts of cars. Uber does have the best cars in its price range (standard taxi prices) though. You can always get a black 7-series from a company other than Uber, but you are probably being ripped off since standard taxicos run more standard (such as e-class or v70) cars. Consumers can see and value polite drivers and clean cars. I can't determine whether a taxi needs its breaks checked. So obviously I want some form regulation to be in place that guarantees that whatever taxi I get into actually has good breaks. Same thing with whatever paperwork needs to be managed for tax purposes and so on. I as a customer can't see it so it won't emerge by market forces alone. There can always be over- and under-regulation in any market, the places where Uber was born from the "over regulation" probably has quite a lot more regulation, most notably it is probably where you have a system of regulating the NUMBER Of taxis (e.g. "Taxi medallions"). The "regulation" that many oppose to is probably the regulation that actually prevents people from easily getting into the taxi business to meet demand. Regulations regarding safety/insurance etc. I can't imagine either drivers or customers see as a problem. If someone finds getting proper insurance too bureaucratic that is probably a good filter for drivers you don't want on the market. Licensing/quotas/medallions etc. are horrible ideas. Uber is doing right for breaking into these markets, pretending to be taxis but saying they aren't. So for all the other markets, where there is no medallion system or other barrier for entry to the market (other than "expected" things like insurance etc.), that is where Uber is just a taxi. And here they don't even SAY they aren't taxis. My guess: taxi license/medallions are a relic that is bound to disappear pretty quickly. Since in some places people have to BUY these things, it's obviously not going to be done overnight. I can't see how they can offer a cheaper service once all major companies have decent apps, dynamic pricing etc. At least here decent apps are standard for all major companies on the market (no live tracking or pre payment but at least very good booking and price info up front). Given that a lot of the income for the major taxi companies come from major deals (school rides, elderly, large corporations) that uber won't take, I don't even think they need to adopt all of ubers' practices to compete with them. As a matter of fact I don't think Uber is any cheaper! What OO brought to The table (and what many advocates of FP are forgetting) is context sensitivity, that is, functions/methods are brought in scope by the owning object rather. Typing dog.bark() is a thousand times more powerful in terms of tooling than bark(dog) or SomeDogPackage::bark(dog). I prefer the FP style of coding but I can't see average devs giving up on Java/C# style tools. Sure OO brought a lot of little code smells too, and we often end up making bad code, but it's not like we have to. Polyglot programmers that use e.g. Java+Scala or C#+F# probably make their OO code much better than others. I have almost completely stopped using mutable objects, long inheritance chains and nulls in C#, as an influence from F#. For some scenarios having mutable objects is a near perfect fit (scene graphs for games or UI:s are good examples of code where both FP and non-object imperative usually looks worse). I agree many parts can be brought to FP but most importantly the languages of the future must be developed with tools in mind and in tandem with the tools. Too often new langs seem to be developed as command line compiled experiments which only (much) later get IDE support. At that point some decision may already have been made that makes tooling harder, such as not allowing or encouraging methods "on" types. I was recently in the U.S. and saw a person use a paper cheque. I'm not joking. I can only imagine. Sometimes when you sign up for US services you need to provide "a copy of a utility bill". I don't get bills on paper, much less pay them that way. I come from the future though. You'll love it. You won't believe this but I'm typing this very message on a palm sized computer/telephone device. Isn't there a common system for transferring money such that every corporation has a public "number" to which you can send money, meaning that HOW you do that (your internet bank or whatever) isn't really a concern of the receiver? I mean each insurance company etc. can't each be setting up their own solutions for online payments, right? That's sad. The response should be proper credit card safety from banks and retailers. I don't use the magnetic strip (only chip) and I don't without pin. Online use of MC/Visa passes through SecureCode/Verified by visa to ensure that leaking the CC details from a third party shouldn't be causing any skimming of my account. It's not fool proof but I'd say it's at least safer than cash and checks. How does that add up? If I send money via my internet bank too person or company the bank has to do zero work (other than maintain their servers). Anything that requires manual work has to be a lot more expensive for the bank!? Here, transfers are free and any "paper" business such as check cashing/bill payment has steep fees. How can your banks provide you with the labor intensive service for free and charge for what is cheaper to provide? Aren't they creating a customer behavior they don't want? Hilarious. Do they also invent an email standard and a currency? Why not ditch checks and just set up a reliable/cheap money transfer system? It's peculiar how the country that is at the epicenter of the world economy and the Internet doesn't actually use the Internet for money related things (tax returns, banking, insurance...). Bottom line is still that any manual work (cashing a check, mailing one, cash-paying a bill at a bank...) must be one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than wiring. I'm not sure what the costs are for wiring as it is usually packaged. I pay $30-40/year for Internet bank w unlimited wiring including p2p through phone number (yes guaranteed/negotiated transfer to the babysitter!). Meanwhile cash-paying a bill or cashing a check is probably $10 a pop, simply because banks are trying very very hard to get rid of two things: cash and staff. that makes a lot of sense from a business perspective. There are only four options: 1) this works 2) this is a scam, and the reviewing authors are collaborators 3) this is a scam and the reviewing authors are being duped by Rossi 4) it isn't a scam but it doesnt work as advertized either, it's honest scientific mistakes both by Rossi and reviewers. Earlier, My scam-meter was at quite a high reading. Now I'm not so sure. I'm still sceptical, but what's interesting is the fact that the other options now also look a lot less appealing. The authors come from very respected institutions and would be jeopardizing their careers by participating in a scam. Could this be the case? Certainly, but it would be one of the largest academic scandals ever, at least in Sweden (UU and KTH are two of the most regarded universities) Thr experiment appears to do what it can to rule out them being scammed by Rossi. The probability that a group of honest researchers could be fooled in an experiment like this feels quite slim. There would have to be a LOT of smoke and mirrors in order to tamper enough with instruments, swap samples of fuel to show isotope changes and so on. I don't want to use circumstantial reasoning like "If this worked it would be in journals" or "if this worked he wouldn't need funding". What I will say is: if this works then it can and will be repeated. I'll remain sceptical until it's repeated by several groups of researchers. It's s fantastically simple device and an experiment that is relatively small and easy to perform. If the past is any indication this won't be followed by repeated experiments by independent groups, but by a long period of silence. That won't raise credibility. If the scam isn't involving the reviewers but is a smoke & mirrors operation where Rossi is duping real scientists holding their own instruments then it's very noteworthy just because that would be extremely difficult. If it is a case of respected scientists from respected institutions being corrupt, that is of course also noteworthy. If it is a case of actually finding a good source of energy then that is noteworthy. So in my view it's now at the point where the two different scam options are at least as interesting as the non-scam! Care to elaborate? This whole review only has credibility because of the credible institutuons involved. If the researchers have a history of scientific misconduct then it changes a lot. This. Runners world mag is available everywhere around the world. Their website certainly is too. How about spendig 30seconds less on the animation and add a toggle for rest-of-world units instead of imperial? The dominant languages are still c-family strictly typed imperative languages (see e.g Tiobe). The up & coming langs are those with even more powerful type systems such as F#. Normal cooling (cooling towers or similar) requires a huge structure to dissipate 100MW. The cooling infrastructure can't fit in a truck. What you can to is transport the plant to somewhere where the environment can help with the cooling, such as where there is a good supply of cold water. One can imagine these to be simple drop in replacements for existing coal plants with existing cooling infrastructure,which would be a huge environmental win in places where those are still built. Let's not forget the horrible mm/dd/yyyy format. I need y'all to just use U.S English combined with ISO dates and metric units. Thanks. So the format comes from how it is read? That sounds plausible. "October 19th, 2014". I'd pronounce a date like "day, month, year" but always format it yyyy-mm-dd, it never struck me that a date format (abbreviation) should be possible to pronounce without first parsing it completely. It does make sense, I just never thought about it. A reasonable (i.e. sortable) date format is 2014/10/19 but that would make sense in spoken form only as "2014, October 19th" which doesn't sound quite right. A sidenote: in northern europe (Germany, Sweden etc.) we do it wrong on addresses: [Street, Number, PostalCode, City/Region, Country]. Going from smallest to largest context is actually done correctly in english [Number, Street, PostalCode, City/Region, Country]. You can sort addresses lexically! I have yet to see a compelling argument that 100% test coverage would be "better" than 50% without knowing what the quality of the tests are In those cases. I'm always suspicious of code bases that claim 100% test coverage because they usually have it because someone has decided it must have, which invariably means it has tests that exist only to execute some corner case lines of code. To have good test coverage you should both test all possible inputs and have proper asserts for those inputs. Testing is hard, covering lines of code isn't. To put it another way: in a test the hard bit is the assert, not the call into the tested code. And coverage only reports on the former. Tests should be based on the specification. If I want to change some internal implementation detail I should only have to verify that the current tests pass. If a e.g game contains a sorting in some place in the renderer, I can replace the quicksort with a mergesort as long as the renderer interface is still testing ok. The new sort algorithm may have new special case paths (even number of items vs odd for example) but it's not a concern of the renderer public interface. I may however have introduced a bug with an odd number of items here and the old code was 100% covered and now it isn't. So there is a potential problem and the 99% has actually helped spot it. If the sorting is a private implementation detail of the renderer then there is no other place to test it than to add a new test to the renderer component only because the sorting algo requires it for a code path. This is BAD. The proper action here is NOT to add tests to the renderer component to test the sorting code path, but instead to make the sorting visible and testable in isolation via its own public interface. So one of the positive things about requiring coverage is that if you do it right, it will lead to smaller and more decoupled modules of code. The bad thing is that if you do it wrong you will have your God classes and a bunch of tests coupled tightly to them. The dream of "convergence" will reverse starting with windows 10. Web and mobile will tend towards html5/js, desktop applications such as browsers, games, ide:s, media production, cad,... will remain heavy C++ (or possibly Java/.NET) applications. In 5 years we will see no dramatic change in the landscape. People will realize that even moderately complex applications should never be browser based and ideas such as browser based word processors or drawing programs will be remembered as a fad. Rust will ease the pain of heavy desktop development somewhat. C and C++ needs to retire, but that won't happen over night. It will take 30 years, not 5. Web dev will be helped by ES6, or even better: AtScript/TypeScript. JS becomes the assembly of the web and hopefully no one has to actually write todays JS directly. The people behind the adblockers should throw their weight around a bit and issue some guidelines for what kind of advertising is acceptable and just whitelist the good guys. I prefer being shown useles add that don't interest me, than being shown ads for the thing I just bought or googled as it is today. Most as networks and advertisers probably find that completely bonkers "but you get consumer information that is relevant to you!" Get off my lawn While this is true, the desired effect should be to push those players to a set of white listed as networks that don't use tracking and other such tricks. If course, the same effect could be done with regular ad blocking, and I think that's way better. The point of using lightroom is Cataloging and RAW photo development. I can't see what's useful since the hyperbole mentions Lightroom. It's a program to develop RAW's (Even the name of the application is a pun on that) What is supposed to be faster? If there is downsampling to 8bit then of course it is easier. If you can't load the full res image then it's easier (and so on and so forth). Impressive, sure. But faster? Lightroom? Awesome. Like I said, impressive, but you'll catch a lot of flak for an otherwise impressive application by using the lightroom hyperbole. I don't think many people use lightroom to edit 8bit jpgs (changing exposure on a jpg is a bit disappointing!) > On a totally separate note, I feel like you guys are positioned in a spot to solve the photographer storage problem as well, which is detailed remarkably well here: http://paulstamatiou.com/storage-for-photographers/ -- a service like this is something that I know I would pay for and I'm sure it's the same for a number of others. The workflow feels a bit contrived and the whole problem based only on the cramped space on the SSD disk. I find storing previews on SSD and then the RAW files in the catalog on a huge mechanical drive works perfectly. I can't shoot pics fast enough to cope with the drop in storage cost on mechanical You get 1Tb drives in cereal boxes these days. Ths library is then just backed with a good backup solution (NB: NOT just a sync provider like DropBox/OneDrive/...). I use crashplan, but you could use BackBlaze or any stand alone backup package to a sync provider. I also sync to my NAS, as per the "store everything in 3 places" theorem. A problem I would like to solve (well) though is the first part of the article, where he shares pictures with his relatives. Email SUCKS for this. I use zenfolio, but creating galleries just to share a few pics is tedious. I'd like something more integrated with lightroom, and less tedious/crappy than zenfolio (better raw support, simpler/better style support etc). Great, a good low-cost feature in the meantime would be useful messages when trying to import unsupported or corrupt files, seems nothing happens now? Having a package manager is one thing, having a good curated repo of packages is another. I doubt MS Will have the balls to say that all their "partners" (most of the AV vendors, Oracle, ...) whose entire business model is based on crapware or bait & switch will somehow be banned from the repo? Currently it seems that both the apt and choclatey versions of Java actually come without crapware. I have a feeling that if this kind of install becomes the default then the crapware will be bundled there too. Descriptive names are good (to some limit). You can maybe add something else (a remote repo? Something else), or maybe it isn't unthinkable that Add-X will eventually be a feature. You can always make an alias "inst" so it's better to keep the underlying command long and descriptive. Also: these should be edited with autocomplete. This is exactly why a language needs to come with good IDE support. Compiler, libraries and documentation are only 3 of the 4 bits you need. What would be really cool is to project an image that reconstructs to normal only when reflected in a chromed cylinder used as the base of the lamp. Also 800.000 tables? Surely not in the sense I'm used to, that is, normalized forms where a table corresponds roughy to some business object/noun? Does table mean something else or are there 800k different types of data in there? If the downloaded payload would auto-execute without warning then this would be serious. Otherwise (if it needs intervention) it feels like a far fetched threat. 1) Aren't the people who would execute files that randomly download exactly the people who can never find the files they download? 2) Aren't the people who execute random stuff from the Internet also the people who won't be able to tell whether a URL feels trustworthy or not? So by 1) you could just as well serve funny.jpg.exe to the victim, and by 2) you can reach a wide enough audience by serving it from your bad guy domain rather than trying to masquerade as Google. If you are considering Go, or just want a good laugh, just read discussions where higher order functions are discussed. Or for that matter, generics. Here is a gem: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/golang-nuts/RKymTuSC... There's a chance you'll laugh at the people dismissing higher order functions as nonsense, in which case Go might not be for you. This is a good test of whether you want to try it out or not. I'm thinking of the crowd that insists "map" is never more useful or readable than s straight for-loop. So not only don't they want it in go (which could be understandable in some situations), they genuinely seem to think it has no place in an imperative language. That blows my mind. A for loop is a general tool. It can be used for anything. Because of that, it conveys little or no information. As a reader I have to read the loop in detail to see that what it does is perform a mapping, and not something slightly different (the last item could be skipped, etc etc). The expressiveness of higher order functions comes not from terseness (only) but by expressing intent more clearly. E.g this expresses (in pseudo) A conversion followed by a filter. > odd_ints = strings.map(parseInt).select(odd) This was expressed in the forum, but there was no agreement that this was readable, so I fully expect you to also think the for loop to be more readable. I suspect there is a divide between those who prefer reading how something is done rather than what is intended, in order to understand it. True, but you can assess how approachable a language is by simply approaching it. This is useful information. You could even argue that experience would disqualify you from reviewing using that angle! First class functions is a language feature. I definitely understand omitting it from a language. But go has that already. The issue is that without good higher order functions in the core libs, it's quite a waste! The article mentions cards linked to a customers checking account. I assume that means a "debit card", i.e. one where transactions are deducted immediately rather than aggregated into a monthly bill? How common are those cards in the US? Here (.se), most Visa and Mastercards are bank-issued debit cards, and almost everyone would have such a card, even if they also have a credit card from Visa/MasterCard. Is the situation the same in the US? they are so pervasive/important that it should be included in the core library. I'd include my own collection_utils every single time. That said, having a library function of course requires it to work in a type safe way for all collections/functions, which might make this argument really be one about generics and not about two collection functions. If this is omitted because generics is, I think it's just another argument why omitting generics is making the language simple to the point of being stupid. Ok. Guess the difference is not technical but cultural, here the debit cards are used more frequently, and many never get a credit card. I do think we have bonuses on many cards, but I have never found them appealing enough to switch to a pay-later system. I prefer knowing the balance all the time. I use mine only for work expenses and "future" expenses such as flights, where an airline going bankrupt would be problematic if I had already paid the ticket up front. Maybe we also have less fraud since chip+pin is used everywhere? Example: UK and Nordic business dress codes are miles apart. In the UK every traveling sales person wears a suit. It's especially obvious when we have internal meetings where they dress up for work and can't wait to switch to casual before we go to a restaurant. Meanwhile the swedes all wear jeans to the meeting and dress as smart as possiblr for the restaurant. For interviews I'd always just dress smart but not wear a suit unless I believe there will be at least one more person in the office wearing a suit. Dress for confidence. Being overdressed and uncomfortable (if you aren't used to wearing suits) isn't a confidence booster. Just be clean and at least as smart looking as the person interviewing. Should we really be hoping for Linux gaming? If anything, we should hope for non-windows gaming, if that is what we are after (saving on licenses etc). It feels like a lot of what's holding Linux gaming back is inherent to Linux (fragmentation for example), as well as layered security. I'm no expert, and maybe it's been tried, but wouldn't it be easier to compete with windows using a platform with less security (faster driver model)? That is, a boot-to-gaming console OS for x86? It would run som form of modified Linux kernel or other free OS, but it wouldn't be "desktop Linux" with X11, kde/gnome etc. I still don't believe in seeing AAA titles all launch for Linux, at least not while hardware vendors struggle to keep drivers working on windows (and barely succeed). What is a vector? There is nothing that says a vector has to be a sequentially stored array. If you agree that the interface is a vector interface, then it "is" a vector. That is really odd (unless I'm also missing something). It should be trivial to implement a count. A "list" can be a linked list, an array based list and so on. Would a data structure stored in an array but not supporting the correct interface be a "vector" because the secret implementation is an array? much of the point of immutable data structures is to re-use the storage of items. A mutable vector is usually just a continuous array for that reason (can't re-use so just as well to optimize for compactness and access). But an immutable vector isn't as natural to store in an array. The opinion that vector must equal array is presumably because people have used mutable vectors in e.g Java or C++ and assumed the underlying data structure is the same in other contexts. A mutable List is very natural to implement array based, but an immutable List is usually not. It's the same thing. And the linked list can share storage between different lists which the straight array cannot. There are always benefits and drawbacks with different structures. "list" doesn't say what data structure is used, it only describes the semantics (an ordered collection of items). It's the same with a vector. Wat? For the consumer it's a short term benefit with horrible long term consequences. The effect would be that no one can start competing streaming services since this handful of services become significantly cheaper than the competition. So it extends the oligopoly of carriers to the streaming services? What you want as a consumer is your 40gb to use on any service you want, while not being ruined. If there is a decent selection of carriers then the pricing issue usually sorts itself. Making some data cheaper than other data is just not a way forward, unless you accept local monopolies among providers. Is there anywhere to read up on this topic? I don't understand why the FCC would want to please the large telcos here? What would happen if the FCC simply took an extreme stance on neutrality here? Are telcos threatening with anything? Very web/enterprise-focused, and heavy on "design patterns", most of which are usually OO-patterns, that is, are patterns used to ease the pain of OO, and as such only apply to C#/VB devs. At least the GoF book wasn't listed. Periodic reminder that not all developers work on web things. Correct, I only referred to .NET so listed the (major).NET OO langs. I have been working with .NET for 11 years since 1.0beta (On the same application, i.e. have been continously pushing a massive codebase through every released version of the framework yet!), so to me this so huge. It has felt like I would have to go do Javascript, or go back to java, if I wanted to leave the .NET ecosystem or do something radically different. Not anymore. Feels like not just Windows-based server (asp.net) and desktop (WPF/WinForms) apps are .NET based in the future, but a good chunk of what today is Node.js, Java, Objective-C and so on will be .NET, and hopefully F#, in the future. If you want a high-level lang runtime with good IDE support, you can just use .NET now. You know, unless you want Ask toolbar. > Microsoft is not your friend Nor is google or Oracle. So who is? To put this in perspective you need to look at the alternatives. Getting a free (as in speech) source CLR/BCL/JIT/Compiler and a free (as in beer) IDE is pretty sweet. Sure, you can do python or Node.js, but it's not covering all that you can do now with .NET. Only java/jvm really competes on "everything except high perf" (from enterprise to mobile to cloud etc.). And in the java universe you may end up with Ask toolbar, Eclipse and tears on your keyboard. I don't think there is much overlap between the use cases of C#/.NET and rust. Rust would be a low level systems programming language, i.e. a replacement for C++. While C++ has a place in the .NET ecosystem, there is a reason that C++ and .NET are different beasts and still exist side by side as different universes. CoD and Photoshop are C++, they would probably benefit from being Rust applications. While in the past you would be well prepared if you knew (say), Haskell, C and Python, a good lineup in the future could be e.g. F# and Rust instead. From the preview it looks like a lot of the refactorings/tools I use ReSharper for in VS2013 is actually going to be built in when 2015 ships. So Resharper may feel overpriced in a hurry, if many of their users didn't pay an arm for the IDE itself (making the plugin relatively cheap) and if what they are offering suddenly isn't as much as it used to be. I suppose there is a lot of windows and C++ black magic going on under the good in VS, but since all the editing and compiling tools are all managed in VS 2015 (The OSS "Roslyn" tools are used for compiler, syntax highlighter, refactoring etc.) and those bits are free for anyone to use, it should be quite possible for the community to make an IDE for Linux/MacOS that feels a lot like VS does on windows (Maybe the SharpDevelop team will take on Roslyn? Haven't heard). Of course VS is a huge beast of an application and there are thousands of parts that will be more or less impossible to port straight over because of ties with windows (Profiler for example). It's mostly them becoming a service company (Azure) rather than a software company (Windows, Office). The more people that can push code to azure, the more money they will make in the future. So giving people the tools to do that for free makes a lot of sense. Still charging the big money from the enterprises of course, because not doing that would be insane. The mobile thing is relevant of course, but Azure is where they are betting the farm. Should work with the free tier of Xamarin. Afaik, you can download a free VS + Free Xamarin and churn out an iOS+Android app using C# immediately. They plan to change it, from http://blog.xamarin.com/microsoft-and-xamarin-expand-global-... Free Xamarin Starter Edition for Visual Studio Users – Today, Microsoft announced a new, free edition to Visual Studio—Visual Studio Community. Visual Studio Community contains support for extensions, which means it will be Xamarin compatible with from day one. We want to help make Visual Studio Community a tool for anyone to create native apps for iOS and Android, so we are announcing our plans to enable our freely available Xamarin Starter Edition to work with Visual Studio Community. We are also doubling the size limit on apps that can be created with Xamarin Starter Edition, so that you can build even more capable apps for free. This will be available in the coming weeks. Not sure I follow you here, rewrite what? You mean C#? Let's keep those separate shall we? Linq makes C# much better, especially compared to java. It's a whole different story in F# though. Why not? I just can't see why every language needs to gather cruft rather than evolve elegantly. Imho major versions of compilers should aim to NOT remain backwards compatible, so they can remove or change things in the syntax while they add things. Those guys do (did) some great things. However, I wasn't asking about who was a cool developer or great OSS personality (Or a crazy person or obnoxius mailing list asshat for that matter :) ) I meant, when it comes to choosing a platform/language/IDE for enterprise dev or mobile/cloud dev, there are lots of options but most of the "big" ones also come from megacorps (Oracle, Google...) What scared people most about .NET is usually the closed nature (will they continue to develop it? will they charge more tomorrow?) and the fact that it only runs on windows which makes it more expensive. When it's open sourced and available for other platforms, it's no worse than the alternatives in that respect. Yeah, Mono was at least realistic in the last year(s), but it was always a bit of a guessing game whether something was going to work or not. Having an official linux/mac os ASP.NET will be huge, even if the functinoal difference is minor compared to Mono. Just knowing it will work tomorrow , and after the next major release is huge. Yesterday I would rather have chosen Node.js than a .NET solution for a small service on Linux, simply because it's safer. Tomorrow I'll be back to rather having pineapples shoved up my nose than write JS. F# has a huge momentum at the moment. Quickly rising in the Tiobe index. It's an ML-style functional lang for the CLR. It's not as powerful or pure as Haskell in terms of type system and style, and it is lacking (or is more pragmatic) in a few places to be interoperable with other .NET langs. It has some really cool features though that are quite unique, such as Type providers http://fsharp.github.io/FSharp.Data/library/JsonProvider.htm... Code quotations http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd233212.aspx Most importantly it has become a first class citizen of the ecosystem so the tooling is already great compared to a lot of similar languages. http://fsharp.org/ It's not mainly that free software threats their bottom line, it's rather that mobile and cloud is the future, and traditionally their bottom line was of course server and desktop. So they are being very aggressive in the cloud and mobile area which is understandable. But where does this leave .NET, visual studio etc? Those are no longer the tools with which megacorps make their intranets, or where Photoshop and Call Of Duty is made. Cloud and mobile is about scale. They want thousands of cloud apps and mobile apps to be made. They can give their tools away and make money on tablets and azure. Azure runs Linux! So making the tools free is a natural step in becoming a service company. Making them cross platform is natural since Microsoft now sells cross platform services. No one thinks Microsoft isn't only concerned with their bottom line. It's not a charity. But that's not to say this is some kind of greedy trap. It's probably a good move for both devs and microsoft. Now the community IDE will be free as long as your team is The "stack" doesn't cost anything extra as long as you don't do something silly like host on your own windows server machines, or use sql server. Py2 to py3 is too far a jump which is made obvious from the fork-like nature of the project. Minor changes like API deprecation is of course already taking place in most projects. Just need to strike a balance. I rewrote 100klines at least from C#1 to C#2 when generics came in 2.0. It was compatible in that the non generic code still worked, but I don't really see what difference that made. If we didn't want to upgrade the cod me then we wouldn't have updated the compiler! Obviously if you don't want the benefits of Py3 then you don't have to pay the upgrade cost either. It's a functional language for the .NET platform. So you'll want it if you want a functional language and you want to use the .NET platform. Does that answer your question? It's possible but the windows ui libs like Windows.Forms and WPF won't be included in the core. You have always been able to use monk+Qt and this will likely improve now. See e.g MonoDevelop. Not sure what will happen to Mono, I believe they will continue to live side by side, and Mono will include parts of the now released framework source. There are a number of Gui toolkits to choose from, see e.g. http://www.mono-project.com/docs/gui/gui-toolkits/ All should work with microsofts framework just like they do with mono. Yes a longer answer is that it is "functional first" just like C# is "OO first". It's safe to say that f# is much closer to ML than Java tough, so it's very much a functional language in a way that C# is not. Sorry with the CoD/PS remark I was referring to their decision of making Visual Studio community edition, not the open sourcing of .NET. VS will of course still be used by megacorps to make those huge apps, and ms will still charge them for it. The free VS + open .NET just means single devs and startups have fewer reasons left to pick e.g node, jvm or Python as their platform. unlike before, these small players are very interesting since one of them is making the next minecraft and will host it on Azure. Sure the tiny sensors of gadgets have come a long way, but looking at it from the other perspective: what are the trends in enthusiast "big" cameras? Basically it's sensor growing . This is of course mainly driven by shrinking costs of manufacturing sensors, but there is still a huge cost in terms of bulk and weight to carry a camera with a 35mm sensor. Yet this is still something people want to do. Sadly photography is still very much a physics game, and while there is some room for improvement in sensor tech, and cheating e.g with multiple exposures, even a ten-fold increase in dynamic range and sensitivity wouldn't make large sensors obsolete. The processing of dslr photos usually takes place outside the camera (raw conversion etc.), so my requirements for in-camera processing are quite small for a dslr. For my smartphone on the other hand I need pictures usable directly (typically). Lenses have to be a certain size of the sensors and apertures are a certain size. And those sizes are fixed, for a given image (with a specific depth of field etc). So physics (the optics) is a thing. A breakthrough in optics that removed the need for heavy glass to bend light would be a revolution. Most of them offer something a smartphone does not: optical zoom. This is part of why images aren't tack sharp: a cheap wide angle zoom is hard to make. If you need a 3x zoom lens in a $200 camera this is what you want. So while not obsolete, it's likely the segment being eaten quickest by smartphones. Put the other way around: if you can live with a fixed lens then $200 likely gets you something that has higher image quality than a phone, due to larger sensor and higher quality lenses. Does that really work when the subject distance isn't much greater than the sensor array length (unlike in astronomy)? Wouldn't it take a lot to merge the images when they are completely different, like a stereo image? That's more a crop that gives you more "reach" than a true telephoto though. Of course most people just want more reach and don't really care for perspective when they say "zoom", so sensor array could definitely work for that. Also since a phone is just the right size to record stereo for vr as well, which is also bound to be the next big thing . Two sensors isn't far fetched given several applications for them, and low cost Not too much criticism over flying in intl. airspace, we are busy enough criticizing Russia over airspace violations! I read just this weekend about a huge number of unmarked NATO tanks just rolling in to a neighboring sovereign country seemingly oblivious of borders and international law. No, wait... Because while they are probably quite sure about who did it (The one non allied state with sub capability operating in the Baltic, my guess), they don't have any proof that is good enough to use in a diplomatic protest. No, and I did not approve of a few of those (Iraq2 for example). Most importantly in those cases, those nations did it under real flag, and had to answer questions. People on the countries who helped overthrow Saddam could vote their politicians out of office. Parents of those soldiers could openly scream in free press. The last time a NATO or EU country blatantly annexed a whole or part of another country I cannot remember. The debate about whether the 10x developer exists or not is based on a misunderstanding in my opinion. To prove whether there exists a developer that is ten times as productive as an average developer, you would probably have a hard time both figuring out how productive an average developer actually is, producing a good measurement for productivity, and finding that unicorn. I'm not going to say it's completely unthinkable, there may be a few unicorns out there. Or there may not. In any case, you probably aren't going to find one. Save your money. However, the statement isn't usually that there is a "10x average developer", the statement is that there exists a developer that has 10x the productivity of another developer. This isn't a myth, and it's not even controversial! Anyone can call themselves a developers, and there is obviously no lower bound in productivity ! Ergo: you should quite easily be able to find a developer with 1/10 the productivity of an average developer, and the "myth" of the ten fold difference in productivity is confirmed right there. From the article: ..."well-known fact" of 10x variations in software developers vs. There is a hidden inference at work: "there exist programmers who are ten times as productive as the average"... The former does not imply the latter. If "10x variation" would mean there is a 10x average, then surely the variation must be much larger if you consider the 1/10x average dev? When it comes to programmer productivity, just try to look for solid developers. There are those that are surely twice as productive as others. Maybe three times. So pay them more. Or get two regular ones. Just avoid the 1/10 developer and you'll be fine. Not least because the 2x developers will likely quit if they are put in a team with the 1/10! This. "working poor" is an oxymoron in comparable countries. Like it should be. I'd be laughing at it if it wasn't so bloody tragic. How is this not a top political issue? > Clearly creating two children while in need of two low paid jobs seems like the opposite of a risk averse strategy. Conversely, not making sure that every family feels comfortable creating >= 2.0 children surely isn't a good strategy for the society as a whole either. This means calculating a decent minimum wage is simple: it's what a single parent needs to support two kids (including healthcare, holidays, ...) with some margin, while working just one single full time job. What's cynical is a system where having a job doesn't provide a living wage. That just needs to be fixed. There is no point trying to scare with the fact that this would take people from a job that doesn't pay enough, to welfare that pays even less. Higher minimum wages could mean higher unemployment of course, but it isn't a right to employ people without paying them a living wage. Raised minium wages would need to be coupled with increased spending on social benefits/welfare. This is just the next tragedy. Register in order to get to vote? People (100%) not having ID's? Why not issue ID's to everyone and just be done with it? Passports would be good... Early voting seems to be possible in most states, and with at least 4 days of voting before the tuesday, most people should be able to do it. How can it not be a requirement for all states to provide early voting? Maybe a deal that is neutral could be made? Example: no registration to vote, require id, election on Sunday/holiday. If you include voting rights for ex-convicts or even voting in prison you'd more than counter the effect of voter ID (this I assume would not be a popular opinion among R?) Exactly. And better social security can often show up As a net positive for the economy as a whole. Especially when starting from the very low level we are talking about here. If people aren't fearing for their economic future (the U.S. default mode) they can do what society prefers them to do (have kids, start businesses) rather than saving up for that day you get an illness or get fired. There's no problem with 24/7 store hours as long as the work force can collectively say "we'll do it but it'll cost you X". What's almost incomprihensible to an external observer is that no candidates seem to voice this even though the electorate should be quite positive. It must be possible to run a campaign that is just one long middle finger to big business? Not everyone would agree, but surely there would be a part of the electorate that would strongly agree? I think Detroit is a pathological example of a city that was too dependent on a single industry and that industry was artificially subsidized both by the public ("buy American") and the govt (direct support and regulation that benefited us makers, truck tax laws for example). Like many mening towns turned ghost towns. It's also ironic that part of the reason the crisis hit US car makers extra hard is exactly this: when people don't have job security they don't buy cars in bad times. In other countries better job security and better welfare evens out the ups and downs when people dare buy cars, employ, and build houses even in a recession. Detroit was just the perfect storm of all things. Despite stronger labour laws and higher wages, German car makers aren't in the same situation. It's very strange if both political parties try to uphold the image that it is in peoples' best interest to be anti labour and anti-union, or even that pro-business implies anti-union. How does static checking work with dynamic types? Can the type checker figure out if a field/method exists on a type given that it can be added dynamically? Edit: I assume it just checks bool/number/string and doesn't care about prototypes? How can the pan know how cooked my steak is? If there was a spike at the center that measured the inner temperature of the meat, then I'd understand. But from just pan surface temp and time it must only be guessing? It would have to be fed (very) exact measurements of both meat thickness and initial temperature, right? The difference between 55 and 57 deg (C) steak is huge, so presumably you'd need to know the initial temp with a similar confidence? On the website, I can't see the app having inputs for exact thicknesses/temperatures? A comparison: even in an oven where you can set a perfect temperature, there is no way the oven temp + time will give you "perfect steak every time" (unless the oven temp is the target temp)? How is this different? Having the pan report its surface temp is neat of course, but wouldn't a tiny BT pinboard pin-style probe instead of a pan surface temp probe remove a lot of the variables involved, and report the thing I'm actually interested in (inner temp), rather than the pan. Edit: the temperature I'm looking for in a frying pan when cooking fish or meat is usually "as hot as it goes". Pan just to sear, and let the temperature be sorted out in Sous Vide or low temp oven. I use a Sansaire, but have found that for "nice meat" I actually prefer a regular cooking in a grill pan to a perfect-all-through plus just seared. Not sure why, but it's likely something with the gradient of doneness that is a more interesting texture. Where the sous vide shines I think is for cheap cuts such as pork belly or tougher game meat where you just can't simply sear until done but actually have to break down the meat overnight at target temp. Another perfect use is charcoal grilling for many people. Just throw a huge steak in the sous vide in the morning. Throw it on charcoal when guests arrive just for the flavor. At (steakhouse) restaurants sous vide is likely not used to cook expensive cuts perfectly. A good chef can do that in a pan+oven. The best cuts though imo aren't the expensive ones, it's the tougher ones that taste most. If you go to a restaurant and have a brisket cooked medium, that is so tender you can use a spoon, then it was likely done in a water bath over night. The idea of passing around function pointers like raw values that way, or having a language+runtime without array bounds checks or checks for dereferencing invalid pointers is just frightening. We have tools now such that if they had been around in the 60's/70's we wouldn't have these problems. So why not start rebuilding low level systems using better tools? Granted, if we rewrite kernels, drivers, encryption etc in tools preventing stupid low-level bugs, we likely end up creating new high level bugs that were squashed years ago in the old C code. Still, isn't this something that has to be done? The thing is; Rust could have been implemented long ago. It was triggered by Mozillas need for a parallell browser engine that is safe and doesn't crash all the time. One would have thought the same need would have existed for other code such as kernels and drivers for many years. That's also a pet peeve of mine: the amalgamation of OS and compiler/language still feels like an odd design (of course, for me who arrived with time machine in the 2000's, so does teletypes and tape archives). Also: C is the only option for parts of an OS. Writing it all in C because 10 or 25% needs it is a strange choice. Public and private has nothing at all to do with hiding proprietary code. Encapsulation is important regardless of whether you use OOP or not. Even if you program something alone that will never be derived/re-used, you should strive to have clean boundaries between subsystems. You also want to make things read-only unless they should change (most things should not) If you make everything public and writable you have to spend a lot of thought on things that a compiler could help you with so you can focus on solving the problem. Much like using a type system. That's a cultural and management problem. If working long hours makes you "look committed" or otherwise puts you on fast track for promotions etc., that is a problem. It leads to people arriving early and leaving late, and basically not working efficiently because we all know it's simply not sustainable to do 10 or 12 hours in most jobs requiring any thougt work. Obviously, cutting down on the hours without also fixing the cultural and productivity issues may be a bad idea. It's an IDE and this was about editors (or so I thought). Some the editors in the poll such as emacs can support basic IDE development (at least a debugger with watches and stepping), but I'm assuming those of us who develop in an IDE should vote for what editor we use for text editing and other general work. True. Then VS is missing, and the poll is a bit weird as many would use an editor to edit a config file on their computer, but also use an IDE for all dev work (personally I can't fathom why you would prefer developing without interactive debugger etc.). when I edit drawings I use a cad program, and when I edit letters I use ms word.... But is autocomplete the only feature distinguishing the IDEs from the editors? I'd say interactive debugger/watches etc are most important, followed by graphical tools in the case of frontend mobile/desktop development. Autocomplete isn't about speed, it's about context sensitive lookup in documentation. You should never have to alt-tab to a browser to check a function signature, that costs too much. Sure. But I'd be very hesitant to even consider picking such a tool unless it was the only option, and even if it was I'd probably start by making some form of IDE integration first it I was to work with it for a long time. What I meant with "interactive debugger" was a debugger where stepping and breakpoints are set in the main editor, and values/watches are also there. Editors that handle this are in my opinion pretty much IDE's. Yeah I just like to leave neat code (like sorted import statements) but not do the work. And I just get more joy out of thinking about the logic of the code rather than worrying about whether the string arg or the int arg comes first in that 2-arg method. I get completely stressed by most IDE's where it feels like swimming upstream and you just long for something that gets out of your way. But VS or the Jetbrains products just do that: they get out of your way so you can think about code. 24bit absolutely makes sense in the age of streaming devices pushing sound to digital inputs on powered speakers. Simply for convenience reasons I want to adjust the playback volume already at my phone. I have no analog volume control (or rather, it's a configuration knob you set up once) If you play back a sample at 1/8 the volume, you still have 21bits of range from a 24bit sample. Playing a 16bit sample at 1/8 volume is basically a 13bit range, which is bad. Why would s higher range not be good for lowering the amplitude? If you divide the samples in a 16bit stream by e.g 16 that means losing several bits of range. Surely if a 12bit dynamic range was perceived as being just as good as 16bits then we'd have that to begin with? To be clear, when I say "lower the volume" I mean lowering the amplitude of the digital samples, passing them through a high quality dac and amplifying. I.e sliding the volume slider down on a iPhone using AirPlay to a Toslink->amp. assuming a signal is played at "normal" listening volume after first being attenuated by 1/8 digitally (samples shifted 3bits down) and then passed through a high quality dac and amplified, are you saying the difference between 16 and 24 bit streams would be inaudible or nearly so? That to me sounds surprising. That seems to imply that the difference to playing the 16 bit stream unscaled (No digital attenuation and 8x on the analog side) would also not be hearable? Yes there is an analog gain but since volume is controlled by digital attenuation, the analog gain is set to the maximum listening level, which is rarely used. The ideal solution would be a digital format where desired attenuation is passed along to the amp, but I don't think eg Toslink does that. So yes if you want single device (phone) control over volume then you attenuate and amplify a noisier signal only for the convenience of not having to use dual volume controls. It's less than optimal, but like I said, I think there aren't any good digital audio standard with attn.? So while you do amplify noise, surely you don't want to also lose range? Even if the noise dominates, the DR can easily be avoided! Which is why tax law should be a judgement call by authorities rather than a mathematical operation. As long as you follow the spirit of the law you pay the mathematical tax. If you are found to evade tax by any scheme such as expensive international inter-company loans or excessive license fees, then the authorities step in and simply tax you for the amount you would have paid withiut using those schemes. Judgement and law interpretation is used for all other areas of law. It's still "rule of law", still subject to appeal and so on. If laws can't be made that covers loopholes then just outlaw loopholes. Laws are always interpteted, that doesn't make it arbitrary. Decisions can be appealed. I'm not saying change laws, I'm saying that when an it can be ruled that a loophole is used to circumvent a law, one should often rule as if the law was broken (and later close the loophole). For example, a company charging itself interest on loans to a parent company in a tax haven should simply not be able to deduce that interest. That was never the lawmakers intention. Like so many before, this post seems to avoid the fact that while there is talk about a "10x variation" in productivity, that's not really the controversial claim, if by variation we mean "range" or "span". To find a 10x span just look for a 1/10 dev and you are done. There is no lower bound in productivity so the ratio of productivity between least and most productive is infinite since there are likely some that produce zero value (I'm pretty sure I've met those that deliver negative value). So. Before one designs a test to find a unicorn one should define unicorn. Is it a certain variance in the sample? A variance such that at least one sample point is 10x more productive than the mean, that is at least well defined, but how large would the sample size have to be if you are looking for a single unicorn? Productivity as an inherent property of a developer has to be for "unseen" tasks. If someone started working with me today I'd be more than 10x as productive as them tomorrow and maybe all of next week. That is relevant for a company, but not really interesting. I consider myself average but have met my share of the 1/10 ones ;) One could argue that if an editor needs it's own stackexchange it's somewhere in between being too complex and being self aware... You are probably right. One would hope that comparisons of children 1-4 are done on a sample of 4-child families only. Including single child families or 10-chile families obviously skews the attention parameter, not to mention it touches other factors such as the effect on parents' education on family size. And don't forget that it's almost a winner takes all situation: English isn't my first language but I'd never search nor blog about technical things in a language other than English. I assume most searches from Germany on technical matters are made in English, so the audience for English texts is basically all the people that speak English at all, whereas the audence (search wise) for a German text is only those that speak German but no English. Such people exist of course, but in the technical field they are few. I have a feeling this only works in places where you can be fired for performance reasons. That must be under something other than windows. Rust on Windows definitely still has issues with static linking, dependence on gcc libs for 32bit exception handling etc. Being able to build smaller statically linked binaries on windows is hopefully a priority. When I was 25 I preferred recruiting 25year olds. Now that I'm 35 I realize I didn't know squat when I was 25 so prefer to recruit at least 35year olds. I suspect this story will repeat when I'm 45. What could possibly be the reason to avoid older coders? You probably don't want the 85-90 year olds but 40? 50? What you want to avoid are those who stop evolving and stop being curious. Those who go to the office and apply what they learned a decade ago but doesn't learn anything new. That can happen at any age. Evolving doesn't require putting in 12hour days. Also it's likely cheaper for the company to encourage employees to grow within their field than to move all "old" people to supporting roles. If you could learn a new programming language when you were 20 it should be easier, not harder, to do at 50. Experience should ensure that. That may be one part, but somehow that should rather mean that most big-city corps should hire really good 40 year olds to telecommute and be paid less than the 20 year olds in whatever tech mecca this may be taking place. But that doesn't seem to happen in my experience. Another reason of course is the ever changing tech landscape; when I had 5 years under my belt C# had existed 5 years and I had 5 years of C# experience. I had more pro experience with C# than anyone, including of course most of those a lot older than me. The takeaway is that the exaggerated focus on experience with specific tech keywords means that young age often trumps longer industry experience, simply because the young dev may have started just as Tech X took off. This obsession with resume keywords will go away as our industry matures. Companies that don't realize that won't be around long. I fully expect plastics labelled with e.g "up to 90 degrees C" to not release anything unwanted into my food if I stay well below that temp. I'd also expect the label to have a wide margin to dangerous temperatures. In theory you can use anything that handles the temperature, such as silicone. You could in theory force your food into a jar with a bit of oil. Surely it just does that, otherwise it would be dropping all the cognitive overhead of lifetime management that we pay (happily) in Rust, without losing safety? If that was possible you'd think it was already in the Rust specs... And to do it on 500 terrorists, where in 499 cases it didn't lead to anything and in the 500th case it led to saving 500 lives is it still moral and reasonable? Apart of course from the fact that any information revealed during torture is usually useless. And of course the fact that it's, you know, illegal. F# and Rust. Why F# http://fsharpforfunandprofit.com/why-use-fsharp/ Why rust http://www.rust-lang.org Not really sure why smart guns have to be so dang hi tech? How about a gun that can't be left with safety off for more than 30minutes, and requires a pin-code to remove safety? We can make pill jars impossible for 5year olds to open. How hard can it be to make a gun too hard to use? Conversion to 2+1 isn't very expensive as the starting point is a 1.5+1.5 road without dividing fences, where overtaking takes place at least partly in the incoming lane. There is normally no need to widen the road to convert to 2+1. The lanes in the 2+1 is just narrower and it has less shoulder. The "1" part of the road is always wide enough to just barely fit 2 vehicles so an ambulance can always pass a broken down vehicle. Don't forget mandatory practical training in driving in wet/icy conditions as well as mandatory winter tires in such conditions. This probably causes some deaths in countries where such conditions occur less frequently. On the other hand, several months of snow/ice is likely adding to Swedens death toll. Training looks like this: https://youtube.com/watch?v=6AJ1J5wVpMY It will be widespread like https has made encrypted web browsing wide spread: when it requires zero effort and zero knowledge. In much of the developed world the fertility (children per woman) is barely the (slightly over) 2.0 required to sustain the population. Countries where, say, 1.0 children are born per woman is having a rapidly shrinking population, but more seriously a rapidly aging population where a smaller number of working people supports a larger and larger number of elderly. If a country wanted to have a shrinking population, it would likely want a fertility rate of just below 2. Japan has 1.41 (!) and barely any immigration. The solution to global population issues is making sure that poor countries with high fertility rate (4-7) are brought down to 2-2.5, something which is already happening very quickly. See e.g. Hans Rosling's famous talks: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeXJnOE-1gw The solution to the low fertility rate is likely hard to change short term (cultural), but comparing countries in europe for example, it seems likely that making children reforms such as subsidized day-care, free higher education etc. would help. True, but a fertility rate of 1.41 isn't really a gradual decline. There isn't a clear distinction between "needs oil" and "sustainable". It's quite likely that there are ways (or ways to be found) to farm very efficiently without ruining the planet. Btw I think the latest prognosis was bumped to 11bn. Eclipse isn't really just an IDE, it's almost an OS in its scope and complexity. I agree it's way too complicated and bloated, and worse: the rewards aren't there like they are in IntelliJ or Visual Studio. It's not as polished and not as easy to set up. The whole point of integrated software is to be able to do everything in one place: debug interactive in editor, hover to inspect values, edit the code and have the ide recompile and reload the changed program . The IDE that does that likely does other things, but having unused features should neither add complexity nor incur performance costs! The complexity of setting up a dev env like the above in emacs or vim is absolutely staggering, but the complexity lies in the configuration and setup, not in the finished env, that's the difference. Personally my tolerance for "configuring" my tools (meaning gluing, telling my editor and profiler where my debugger is) is nearly zero. The encapsulation that guarantees invariants is the greatest benefit. This can be Done in another way by immutable structures and Functional programming. This way is in many ways better than OO but both are vastly superior to having publicly mutable structures modified by procedures. Semantic organization where methods are defined near the data (the recepie is on the flour package) is a benefit for sure, but it's just a preference. "Unpaid overtime" in this context usually means no extra compensation, other than the 1-1 compensation if working less next week or next month. That is, a 50h week followed by a 30h week. Ordered overtime still has to be paid, but just at the normal rate. Having this in your contract isn't very good, and you should have at least 10-20% extra compensation. An extra week vacation isn't a good compensation for this, but it's common, sadly. I'm not working in the US but I'd definitely not take a job at any salary without knowing the office culture, overtime trends etc. I'd simply be very up front with that I'm not about to work more than 40h on average , and that the compensation is exactly for that. When I recruit people, I fully expect them to have the same idea. If this makes me less eligible for the position then that's all the better: I wasn't interested anyway. That would imply you don't have any "flex" scheme at all, something I'd never sign up for at any compensation... In a team sports the bell curve difference is magnified through competition. A team with members all 10% "better" than the opposition (by some measure) could win 99% of the games. So once you count wins as the only deliverable, they are 100x better, not 10% better! You could argue that programming is also competitive; a business that is 10% more efficient will routinely win contracts against the opposition, better their reputation etc. Elite developers exist as it would be ridiculous to think that talent can't be found in this field. Like learning a spoken language, some become fluent in months while others never do. And I think talent is probably at least as relevant than it is in sports. The question is merely what leverage a talented programmer can get from say a 10% or 100% advantage over the average skill or productivity? Completing tasks as an individual is one thing, being in a team is something else, and competing as a team will further increase the leverage of skill. The 10x-average developer likely does not exist. Developers that produce 2-3x the average developer are probably common. What we forget is that those don't necessarily produce business value at that rate (which they solve problems), but like I explained above: being the winning team in competition could give increased returns by thousands of percent. A sports analogy appeared in yesterday's HN thread on this topic: the difference between an average runner and the fastest man alive is less than 50%. The counter argument here is that the measurable variable here isn't really the skill of the programmer but the success of the company (or equivalent). You only have to be best by a small margin to win. If you count wins between me and Usain Bolt he would be more than 10x as successful. Now you could argue that a lot of programming is just factory work; you can complete it in 20% longer time and your salary is lower by some factor. The truth is somewhere in between: a company with developers and other staff that are better than their competition by some factor, will go on to be a successful company a lot more often than others. The measurable business result could be thousands of times better. So what is being measured? We can't measure "skill" separate from experience, but even as a compound the interesting measure is the success of what you produce. If your product or service is earlier on the market or slightly better, you might have 10x the return of the "average". Precisely: the distribution of 100m sprint times is a curve with a small number of people below 10s. The question in programming is perhaps: are there people who should be paid 10x the average developers? Maybe such a claim is where the myth of the 10x programmer comes from? Comparing with sports: it's economically sound to pay a footballer who is marginally better than another 100x more because the wins count, not their performance! There are many arguments as to why someone with 4x problem solving speed doesn't actually provide 4x the business value, but in fierce competition a tiny individual performance advantage can mean a huge business advantage. Yes, the definition of "runner" is somewhat blurry but you could argue that you need at least some training to qualify, just like the 10x programmer is compared to an average programmer , not the entire population. So if security is as paranoid as it is today and the best fuel we can use to kick a plane half way into space is something similar to today's jet fuels then it won't happen? Basically "because 9/11 and concorde". Not sure what timescale the author considers and I agree it's unlikely within a few decades, but who knows what happens in 100 years? Does someone else find the interception argument pretty thin? If we are at some point in the future where we have commercial sub orbital flights, then you can bet your pants that military technology is a decade ahead at least. Why would it be intercepted by "today's military aircraft" when we are talking about a point in time that is clearly a few decades from now at least? The resolution and light gathering requirements should be pretty easy to analyze on paper to answer the question "will this ever be usable in practice"? The fact that this isn't done could suggest that the answer really is no, so the authors omitted it. I'm sceptic that it will ever be even close to usable assuming sensor tech wont improve much and we don't reach some breakthrough in optics, i.e. bending light without huge heavy chunks of glass. This experiment with huge flash guns and short distances is essentially like identifying the moon in an eye reflection and dreaming of doing deep space imaging the same way. The physics just don't allow it. Has there been any serious attempts at creating a flash or a SilverLight killer? Let's face it: flash and SL exist almost exclusively because of video (yes I know there are other uses but most of them like sockets etc can be done in other ways today, I'm talking about why it's still deployed for new sites). Every other kind of snazzy desktop-like animated experience can be created in js, and if you dread using js you can write them in another language and compile to js. The js runtimes are fast enough these days. But: video. Especially live broadcast video. What is the best attempt a replacing flash/SL there? The rights for sports events are worth billions, and a single game can sell for $20-50, so an open unencrypted video service just will.not.happen. The rights holders would rather retreat to cable. Whatever the solution is will have to have the same features in terms of DRM and other protection that flash has. EDIT: just realized the solution is quite simple: just get off the web and let those who want to watch e.g NHL Game Center use a special application, not a web browser. Because I meant it should be easy for the guys who wrote this article, not for me. If I did them no one would believe me (and they shouldn't!). DRM extensions for html5-video could help, but at this point I'm actually inclined to say keep html (and the web) clean from that and just use custom applications for DRM video. Having a meal with someone is a great test to see if someone is an asshole. Of course, very few will be such huge assholes that it shows up at the first meal. A better approach is to just keep a lookout when you scan their online profile (which you should ). Everyone will have some posts on Twitter/HN/FB/Reddit/Disqus that they aren't proud of, but the assholes will be immediately visible. Having no visible trail on the Internet could be a sign that you are privact concious but I'd go so far as to say it's a liability these days. If some manufacturer made a laptop docking station with a full length PCI slot and a fat power supply I'd just throw money at them. It would completely remove my desire to keep building big powerful gaming/development rigs. Laptop CPU:s are already powerful enough for gaming these days, but video cards will stay at several hundred watts. I'm not exactly sure why thunderbolt has to be involved if it has licensing issues? Couldn't a laptop maker make their own interface for transmitting PCIe to through a docking connector? EDIT: spelling Yes of course, I don't want some proprietary external VGA brick, I want a docking station with a normal full length PCIe slot and enough power to feed it. That is, the fat AMD or Nvidia graphics card I slot into my PCIe docking station should have no idea it's not sitting in a regular desktop. As long as Thunderbolt is involved there seems there is both the licensing issue and the issue with graphics cards needing Thunderbolt drivers to work in the enclosures. If it was done perfectly, the card would be just like any card in a normal desktop slot, so the normal driver would work. Not sure what would be required for that to work. Also not sure what it would take to just physically run the "on board" PCIe directly to the docking rather than use a cable. It should be much better for latency to just have the card sit in a docking box right under the laptop, within the same distance from the cpu as a normal PCIe card is on a desktop motherboard. Do you have any links to those? Those I have found only support a few graphics cards and only with special thunderbolt-enabled drivers. I'm looking for something that will run a (any) standard graphics card at full speed with a standard driver, but pretty sure that doesn't exist. EDIT: Found it! http://www.kitguru.net/laptops/anton-shilov/msi-introduces-g... Not sure how startup salaries are related to other salaries, and there may be other benefits involved there. 40k/mo would be considered "good", and 30k/mo would be considered "not good". Salaries/wages in sweden are normally negotiated/discussed as gross (before income taxes but after payroll taxes) per month. I'm a senior (12y exp) dev in a "non-silly-money"-industry (i.e. not finance or SAP-contractor), regular non-startup, in-house dev only. Currently making around 600-650/y. You should be looking at maybe 550-750/y as dev, at least for the major corporations. Startups are always hard to predict, especially if there are other compensations. Do remember to avoid the winter months (november through februrary), and if you want to avoid the cold entirely, also skip the pre-winter (sept to oct) and the end-of-winter (march to may). You should go in spring (june), summer (july) or fall (august). Joking? Half joking only, sadly :/ If you are prepared to move around a bit, finding accomodation is not that hard. Finding something to sublet for 1-6 months is trivial, what's hard is finding accomodation for one or more years in the same place. The example bracket was a little on the low end, and the USD/SEK rate is quite high currently so the numbers are a little skewed at the moment. The taxes are quite high (25-35% income tax for the ranges we are discussing) and the salaries are relatively low, yes. You don't go working in Sweden to get rich, period. It should be noted that the swedish salary includes 5 (mandatory) or 6 (commonly negotiated) weeks of paid vacation, and often comes with no expectation to work more than 40h/week. This is a cultural difference that weighs heavily in favour of the lower swedish salary. Still, the swedish tech salaries are very low compared to the US. There are other reasons: One reason the salary structure in sweden is quite flat is likely that higher education is free and grants/subsidies/loans to studens are decent. This means that getting higher education is very low risk (so in itself doesn't motivate a large reward). Simply put: your salary in sweden is what you need to live. You don't save to afford a long unpaid holiday, you don't save (a lot) for retirement, you don't save money in case you get sick, you don't save towards you childrens education and so on and so forth. Depends on whether you mean 20mins on a bus/commuter train or 20min commute door-to-door. 20min on bus/commuter train easily cuts rents down by a lot, but such a commute is likely 40min in total if you include walking to the bus/train and walking from the train to the office. 5k is really low and likely only gets you a room or a small 1 room apt at the outskirts of the 20min commute. Btw. I made an experiment that shows approximate commute times on weeekday morning (including walks to stations but no walk from Sthlm Central Station). http://commutemap.azurewebsites.net/ Edit: note the green "islands" of 20minute commute that extend along the commuter train lines. Am I mistaken or did they actually forget to use the "using static" statement in the example? That way it gets really clean and confusing. I'm missing a line that says using static Math.Sqrt; Ah my bad I was looking for an explicit "using static" & forgot math is a static class and not a ns. If you replace the drizzles with blizzards and remove several hours of daylight in the dark half of the year, all of which is repaid in the bright half of the year. I assume that means they also make a healthy profit? Oh, nevermind. To me, a 2-3 day battery life wouldn't be worth much. I did like having the old dumbphone weeks worth of battery, but believe it or not, that thing was without battery way way more often than my smartphone is. Why? Because smartphones you charge every night. It's a habit. You brush your teeth and charge your phone. So actually, unless they make the battery life substantially better, I'm going to take Apples side here: it's better to make the phone slightly cheaper/lighter/brighter/faster/..., than to make the battery life slightly better. Of course, this may vary with location and usage pattern and I can see how someone in an area where battery drains in less than a day is very frustrated. I'm nowhere close to draining my battery in a days worth of near-constant use. Does this have any implications for Rust on windows? A lot of the problems with social mobility in the US could be solved if universities didn't get to handle their own admissions. Interviews and "letters of application" are just a way to let wealthy sponsors get their kids into the best education. Why not just say universities either hand over their admission to a central agency OR agree to base all admission on objective parameters like standardized tests or grades? If lawmakers believed such a law would help the political goal of improving social mobility and true meritocracy (rather than hereditary) then such a law would pass, and universities would simply have to follow it. To answer your question, they wouldn't give that right up but rather have it revoked. Interviews and letters of application might seem like a good idea, but on closer inspection it isn't. As you could expect, an industry of "consultants" has emerged, helping rich kids get into Ivy League schools, by interview training and "helping them" write letters of application (i.e. writing it for them). So the grass doesn't seem much greener. Perhaps the best system would be a combination of anonymized grades/scores combined with anonymized interviews? I think the catholics have all but perfected the anonymous dialogue... Same experience, but I use the reachabilily hack several times every day, and every time I picture Steve Jobs rotating in his grave. How is it that Apple just don't set their design guidelines to have controls at the bottom of the screen? A back button in the top left corner (without swipe option) should mean being booted from the App Store if you ask me... Without deconstruction and pattern matching, language level tuples would be only sugar: "var x = (1, 2)" versus "var x = Tuple.Create(1,2)" The real power of Tuples only comes with deconstruction and matching, such as "var (a,b) = GetSomething()" and "case (_, y)". So these features would go hand in hand. Deconstruction and matching requires lang level tuples, and lang level tuples are pretty lame without deconstruction and pattern matching. > In particular, allocating a new object and returning a reference to it it from a function is common in C++ but difficult in Rust, because the function doing the allocation doesn't know the expected lifetime of what it returns. I'd like to see a code snippet explaining this problem. Cool news indeed. What is the main selling point of running windows over linux? Given that the CLR can (or will soon) run in a core version also on raspbian, what will be the main reason to choose Win10 as a base for an IoT project? Normally the case for windows over linux involves a desktop, but not in this case. Could it be that microsofts API's for IoT/Smart homes will not be part of the cross platform (core) .NET package? If so then at least this move makes sense: "use a windows IoT device and you get all these handy microsoft IoT API's". It might be solved somewhere but the problem is for each business to find what software solves it for them. I've been evaluating a switch from a mix of little tools and found no package yet that solves all our business needs. Example: we use four teams with staggered sprint times, so planning, burndowns should allow for that (multi team planning and scheduling on a single project). A lot of tools are out already at that point TFS is one tool with excellent multi-team scrum, but last time I checked TFS didn't even account for weekends in its burndowns. A bug/omission like that left unattended for several releases isn't encouraging. So were still searching. Because lawyers, pointy hair bosses and so on. Someone simply makes a policy somewhere that all company data should reside on company machines, and no other companies' should share servers, server rooms or ops staff with ours. I'm not saying it makes any sense at all, but this actually happens. No, in it's current form it probably won't be ported to a non-windows platform. This isn't to say there never will be an IDE called Visual Studio that looks like a current Visual Studio that runs on more platforms in the future. Tradition I'd say. In scandinavia all apartment buildings have a shared laundry in the basement for used by tenants who can't squeeze in their own machine (And yes, UK people, having the washing machine in the kitchen is crazy). Those of you who use Sublime or Atom exclusively for (code) work, does that mean you don't use an IDE? There seems to be devs coming from at least three camps: the ones that came from the emacs/vi side that never really took to IDEs, those that once used (say) Eclipse and were burned by IDEs and now like the less-is-more of editors, and those that started developing in IDE's and can't imagine NOT having an integrated debugger and so on (Yes I know several text editors can be set up to have most IDE features, but for the sake of argument lets count IDEs as those that were built from the ground up as full IDEs). Not sure what divides devs this way but the 2 main reasons should be platform: if you are used to linux of course you have huge benefits of having a console based editor, perhaps so much that you can forego a lot of the bells and whistles of a desktop based one, especially of you don't use graphical designers UI elements and such. The second reason I can think of would be language: If you are work on niche languages you are likely to find editor support in text editors, but not likely a good IDE. Likewise if you work in dynamic/weakly typed languages, the benefits of refactorings and navigation are much smaller than they are in a static/strongly typed langues. So I'm curious: if you aren't a Haskell or js developer, are you using a non-IDE as your "main" editor? If so, why? For me personally I want a full IDE for my dev work and can't imagine coding without full project support, integrated debugger, refactorings and so on, and I can't be bothered with configuring editor plugins for basic things such as auto-indentation, auto-complete or syntax highlighting, and I haven't seen any really good dev environents based on editors in neither Sublime, vi or emacs. I do use editors for viewing random files/logs, editing resources, making documentation and so on, but not as my main dev tool. As such, the requirements are very different from an editor that is a main dev environment from 8 to 5. It's not hard to imagine cheap(ish) long range autonomous drones that can't be jammed. Such a drone can't communicate or coordinate attacks in flight, but a mere timer or location trigger can still make an attack pretty exact. The technology is sufficiently cheap and available off the shelf today that even a moderately skilled person could assemble an autonomous drone that carries a small bomb and detonates it at a specific coordinate at a speficic point in time. Any viable defense is a dome, either physical or virtual (e.g. realized by autonomous lasers, some form of projectile weapon, or a swarm of counter dronws). In any case it's clear how asymmetric the threat is in the sense that any viable defense is orders of magnitude more advanced and expensive than the attack. The simplest way of avoiding these attacks in their simplest form is likely already in place for high value targets: you don't reveal an exact time and place for an appearance, being a few meters or a few minutes off is enough to thwart the dumbest drones. > To me, an IDE basically just means "an editor with a built-in debugger" Yes, at least an integrated project support, debugger and compiler (but could be more, such as profiler, testing, designer). You are correct I use the large OO langs, and I agree that IDEs are only really useful for languages with strict types, large class libraries and large projects (so for example C++, and the JVM and .NET languages). > write code, format code, run tests, run program But isn't there a frustrating number of unnecessary roundtrips involved here? At least in go, which is strictly typed, if you misspell a type or function name, when will you notice? Can you configure Sublime so that you at least get compiler support (so a typo will be noticed when you make it rather than later?). And can you make sublime help you with displaying documentation hints or with completing statements? If you have a compiler error, how do you navigate to where it is? Do you have to read the line number in the compiler output and then open the offending file/tab in Sublime and navigate manually to the line? At least for most langs in Emacs you get compiler message parsing so you can jump straight to the problem. Coming from the IDE world, I'd just never get off the ground with a new language if I had to go from autocompletion and squigglies under typos, to having to remember type names and function names in my head (yes IDEs have basically done that to my head, I can no longer remember even the smallest bit of language trivia). The obvious answer is to have a spacegun that can only shoot two shots at the same time in opposite directions. How your phone camera works. It's a well written article but it seems odd to cover how a camera works and leave out Aperture because of the edge case of having a fixed aperture as in a smartphone. With a longer description of aperture and some picture examples of aperture controlling DoF and exposure this would have been a complete introduction to digital photography, now it's a complete introduction to fixed-aperture digital photography... Estimates will always suck for 10 of them, but they work for large numbers (you can tweak the knobs to compensate for bad estimates). My experience after around 5000 stories and 100 man years (single project) is that we are slowly approaching acceptable accuracy! If Microsoft made VS cross platform, they would make a much more lightweight, modular IDE aimed at (initially) C#,VB,F# and javascript. They'd be able to leave out decades of that old COM/Win32/C++ cruft. Essentially, this is what they would make. Or, they could simply buy this... For encryption to be pervasive, it has to support all clients, on all platforms, without explicit user action. We can talk all day about the UX of tools like PGP but the bottom line is that the UX for email are mail client(s), and nothing else. Strong crypto for emails has to work like https does for web browsing. Picture if people had to use some command line tool to generate and keep keys in order to do online shopping in their web browser. Compared to just using a (any) browser with https built in. The amount of people that would want to use some native desktop email client for ALL their email work is likely even smaller than the number that use GPG today! If I couldn't read my email on my phone or on any computer it would have lost most of its value already. I don't really understand the reasoning here: because I sign up to a long contract I expect big discounts on calls/data (more so than I could hope to find while shopping around different carriers with a phone I own). If calls/data are the same cost as it would be without signing a long contract then I expect the phone to be discounted instead! If I could buy the phone and still get the same total cost (or even cheaper) without locking myself to a carrier for 24 months then of course I'd do that? Not sure if it's a local/EU law or something, but total cost is always listed, and the option to buy the phone without contract is always given. If you find the "classes" section makes no sense, it's because the heading column is one line out of sync with the other columns. There are different levels of information, with the last being the actual file contents. I doubt dropbox would sync file contents from unrelated files (that would be the biggest security scandal ever), but there are multiple levels of metadata that you may or may not expect Dropbox to upload. If something is uploaded after you create a file in a separate directory, I'm guessing it's one of two things 1) metadata such as a timestamp when all files in the synced folder were found up to date. 2) metadata about the non-synced file changes, such as timestamps, checksums or etc. While 2 isn't an upload of the file contents, it's still bad enough. I wouldn't expect Dropbox to upload any data OR metadata related to my unsynced files at all . Thought they just used icon overlays, much like all other status-icon shell extensions such as version control (TortoiseSVN). Not exactly some low level windows hack, it's a plugin system in Explorer. I probably have five or six such icon overlay extensions on my machine. As an interviewer, I would have hoped for this: int sum = blah.OrderByDescending(x => x).Take(2).Sum(); A Windows build environment is not supported. Wonder what they thougt there? Windows is where the majority of users are, it's where the people who can't (or don't want to) use command line tools for encryption are. Why would you even approach this from a Linux-first angle? I'd understand if it was because the developers are typically Linux users and they want it thuroughly tested before shipping a user friendly version (i.e chrome ext for windows). Still looking for a good locally deployable github alternative that has decent issue tracker (i.e. youtrack/jira/tfs level of customization and planinng support) AND pull request support. Are there any? Is this it? > we’ll also have a new browser called Project Spartan, which is codenamed Project Spartan Recursively codenamed it, sneaky. Diesels haven't really been worth using until the last 10 or even 5 years. Modern diesels do 4L/100km (~60mpg) and have 300Nm torque. A gasoline engine of the same class has half the torque and twice the consumption. The cost of fuel is usually also the same in countries that drive diesels. So it's understandable why a country didn't have diesels 10 years ago, they just weren't very good. With the health issues surrounding partcle emissions and so on I don't blame the US for not changing their diesel regulation and import tradition in a hurry. There are lots of other crazy regulation (and cultural!) things to be changed first, such as the whole pickup truck madness. Autocomplete and autocorrect are "guess what I intended" functions. The problem with shells is that the UX is crap: User actions are often executed immediately (review time between typing and executing is a fraction of a second), and most importantly there is no undo . This makes guessing a bit dangerous. However, the fault is with shells, not with guessing. If you never instanty execute anything without review then the issue nearly goes away (more like regular programming than a REPL). It's just a huge design mistake to treat "missing" like an empty string in env vars. In many cases referencing a missing var should be an error, not a silent conversion to an empty string. It's funny how many of us would never use a weakly/stringly typed language to handle our important data, but then we happily use bash to deploy or manage the systems on which our apps run. Sadly, the local system is only a small part of what you can screw up. It becomes the undo-email problem pretty quickly. Is application dependency management in windows normally a problem? Apart from the odd runtime, I expect Windows applications to be pretty much self contained, and not dependent on any system-wide libraries (which is a huge benefit I think). For development it's a different story, there you can have several levels of dependencies, but there NuGet at least appears at least as powerful as similar options on other platforms. Not sure if I was unclear, I was referring to NuGet package management for development , comparing it to e.g. similar systems such as npm. Not sure who "they" is here, ut in windows: pretty much, yes. You can't have it both ways. So you either have a centralized/shared lib environment where you may run into conflicts but you get centralized patching, or you have self contained applications where you need to patch each one but you never have lib dependency/upgrade issues. Simple as that. You'd think, but that depends on how many times you can sell the same battery. As others have said, it's plausible that this is a way for Tesla to make use of used car batteries. Still, what you really need is the candidates expected/required compensation, not their current compensation? Ther are jobs I'd take at half my current salary, and jobs I wouldn't take at 3 times my current salary. In an interview situation I'm happy to provide a ballpark figure as to not waste time, but I won't provide my last salary (my tax details are public!), and I won't negotiatiate salary until I have a good bargaining position. That's not really because of the tax rates being equal, there are many other reasons. For example, higher education is free, and labor organization is very high. This keeps blue-collar pay closer to white collar, flattening pay structures. When the used batteries start piling up, it's best for tesla if this system is already in place. Entirely possible that this will be new and subsidized batteries initially. They will need to find a use for the old car batteries. Yes. And I argued that in order to claim that this is what flattens structures rather than the many other factors, you need a control sample that has Scandinavian labor market structure (High tax, free higher education, single payer healthcare) BUT with non-public income. I'm not sure such a country exists. As a novice I find that when the compiler starts telling me do to things it will go one of two ways: either what the compiler tells me to add will quickly propagate until it's happy OR it will propagate until lifetime arguments have spread through the entire codebase, turning everything into token salad. The hard part is having a mental model of the data so you can reason about lifetimes. The compiler may help you to get it formally correct, but what would be really cool would be if it would help you find the "inversions" or "isolations" that you will need in order to not end up with lifetime soup. I think this is really about the decline of miles driven in cars, not the decline in cars made or owned (although that connection surely exists). I live in a suburb and have a car, because having a house almost requires a car; hauling paint and wood and plants and things doesn't really work in public transport. That said I commute by public transport simply because it is faster (bus lanes and subway instead of traffic jams) and parking in the city would be over $100/day. So I'll likely never get rid of the car as long as I have a house, but commuting with it is just not an option. What s sustainable and economical public transport? And what is that population density? Are US suburbs less dense than European ones? Or is there less Will to publicly finance public transport? Funding road construction with tax money but not having a public transport system on those roads with 50-100% tax funding is just asking for congestion, sprawl and pollution. I live in a smallish suburb with mostly single family houses 30 minutes by bus from the city. Buses leave every 10 minutes, and every 2-3 minutes during commute hours. I would never commute by car, especially since the buses use bus lanes. > "In 1997, I started in Perl. In 1998, I switched to PHP. In 2004, a rewrite in Rails. In 2007, back to PHP. In 2009, minimalist Ruby. In 2012, client-side JavaScript. Each time I’d have to re-write all of the logic around the database: how to add a new person into the database, how to verify an invoice is correct, how to mark an order as paid, etc. But that whole time, my trusty PostgreSQL database stayed the same." And what if during that time instead of switching programming languages, it was the storage system that had to be switched? You could easily invert the argument "Don't keep the logic in the DB! I had to switch from Postgres to MSSQL which meant I painstakingly had to convert all my db-logic, I wish it had been in the code instead!" It's funny how the negotiation discussions are always about salary. Most of us make good money. What I want to know is, how do you negotiate 8 weeks off every year (paid or unpaid doesn't matter). How do you bring up next years paternal leave already at the interview? How do you get throgh a negotiation making sure it is acceptable to work slightly less than the 40 hour week at times because kids need to be picked up from daycare at 4pm? *Citation needed You wouldn't even need to switch the database, just add a cache between the storage an the app, or add/switch ORM etc. There is a huge impedance mismatch between table storage and code, but I don't see how it gets more responsive to changed requirements by using logic in the DB. And don't even get me started on the whole debugging/unit testing issue with logic-in-databases. I bet there are a few common "patterns" to rust ownership, and equally many pitfalls and rookie mistakes when one fails to pick one of these patterns. It becomes extra hard if you approach Rust from a Java/Python/C# perspective where the slightest bit of allocation/RAII and mostly even thinking of the stack feels completely alien. You have to learn that and Rust. I'd love to see a kind of rust ownership tutorial in which you are asked to address a simple CS problem where these patterns occur in Rust. For example, many seem to find it hard to write a factory type. The next problem could be a doubly linked list and so on. A real world megabudget game has the money to make a high perf C++ state machine, make all the microoptimizations and platform tweaks necessary to reach the time budget for each frame on each platform. As soon as a more efficient tool promises something that can save time in development, of course it is adopted. Scripting languages are used in many enginess for example. The engines themselves seem to be firmly in C++, but I think this is at least as much down to available dev skill, tools etc. Large games Will probably not go from C++ to Haskell, but instead (hopefully) from C++ to Rust, where the developer can choose a more elegant functional approach where possible, and will still have compiler guarantees about the parts that are mutable. Functional programming has some serious problems, but that it doesn't allow quickly changing behaviour by introducing global state isn't one of them (I'd say its one of the features). It takes a whole lot less mental effort to iteratively produce a bad solution in OO, than a good solution in FP. I don't have anything to back this claim up, but to me it seems the "solution space" in FP is a lot smaller than in OO. As soon as you have mutability everywhere, you are just one more if() or more one state away from achieving what you want. In OO there are a million bad solutions to every problem, so the chance that a group of mediocre developers eventually stumble over one of the OO solutions to a problem is pretty good. It's so good that you can almost be sure that given enough time, any group of developers will reach the goal of a working program (for some definition of working). This makes it appealing to business. Seatbelt law without helmet law is a bit inconsistent as far as driver safety goes. Banning motorcycle riding outright is a much more invasive law than requiring a seat belt. Costs vs benefits. You basically can't buy a TV these days and NOT connect it to the Internet, as the buggy firmware isn't fixed until long after is sold. Granted, you can use a usb stick and patch it yourself every now and then, much like your car is updated at service (but how long until cars are updated, and hacked, remotely?) Just imagine what the web would be today if only 3-4 weeks had been spent designing javascript... A good walk through, and of course a sad reminder that even simple public key cryptography still has crap tooling. There should be some kind of x-prize for making tools that lets anyone communucate securely withiut walking through what looks like a 1999 gentoo install. It's not me who wants lunch, dinner and snacks. It's my kids! Want me to pull an 80h week? I'd be delighted, just pick my kids up at daycare at 4.30, make sure they wash their hands after dinner and be ready for a bit of mayhem when it's time for bed. Joking aside, I have only sold 40h of my week, not because I wouldn't be happy to sell you more hours but because the rest are already sold. Not a problem, you say "in N/2 weeks I'll deliver feature Y, which is similar to X but half as complicated". If that gets you N/4 weeks to do Y, or still N/2 weeks to do X, get new management. Feels a bit silly to resize a 20-tab browser window because one site failed to have proper content width. I'm very happy with having a 1920px maximized browser window. I don't like having non-maximized windows (in windows), it's just clumsy without a good layout system. You can have windows snapped at half width but I also want content centered on the screen. So no: failing to set max width on a web page is not a good way to just present a clean page of information rather than an experience. It's just a bad webpage. For a longform page it may be worth doing for readability, but the whole idea of fiddling with the borders of my browser window (which is shared between all the tabs) back and forth as I switch tabs is silly. What is the connection betweek cash-vs.-plastic and central bank policies? Is it the amount of money held in cash? That has to be pretty small already in a place like denmark? There is nothing that says that cash-free also implies that all payments are transferred via credit card companies and banks that record everything. A cheaper system for small payments via some form of "electronic cash" needs to be added to the mix. If we are in luck, that system is invented by someone other than a credit card system, bank, or Apple. I can't see how it's such a big difference from today? There is no way I could get my salary in cash/cheque, the only way I have of accessing my own money is via the bank it is transferred to. 99% of the time, I access it via a debit card at a. Granted, when I get cash I can buy something that can't be traced, but the cash man doesn't really care much what I buy, the VAT is taken from the store. If I was suspected of terrorism or some other crime that meant my assets should be frozen, that is a single push of a button already. I don't have a safe with cash, most people don't. Even if I had, it would be exceedingly hard to live cash-only, as any major purchase done in cash would be affected by money-laundry rules, so the tax man would certainly be informed if I bought e.g. a car cash (If I did so from a dealer I wouldn't be able to do it anonymously). I have read much less economics than I would like, but at negative inflation/interest rates, I can't see why one would chose to hoard billions in cash (whose value is set by a central bank that is likely eager to increase inflation by printing more) rather than hoarding some other resource ? When I get my money out of the account because of deflation, why would I choose cash over, for example, gold? In financial unrest, holding cash gives zero return at best , and more likely a large negative return due to inflation. That sounds like it's US or at least not north/west Europe. My point is: in Denmark/Sweden/etc, the step to cash-free isn't very big, simply because of what I mentioned: we are more or less cash free already: Salaries are paid to bank accounts and never cash/cheque (cheques don't exist), bills are paid from bank accounts and not cash Cash is tracked by anti money laundry laws and so on and so forth. So unlike in the US those prerequisites are already in place. That is why a) it's not really a giant leap to stop using cash, and b) it's not really a major privacy concern as we are already pretty much completely tracked. Gold is cumbersome, but on the other hand, billions in cash is too. Swedish M3 money supply is $300Bn, the cash (M0) is only 4% of that, or around $13Bn. The largest pension fund has more than 3 times M0. So clearly, there is little chance that this pension fund could convert its assets to cash, at least not swedish currency. I'm not sure what the Swedish law is here, but I can't imagine that they would be required to issue the amount of money required, if such a large fund suddenly wanted to store cash? (You could mint the famous platinum coin I guess). Very interesting read. Would be really cool read a similar article about what is going on in a bleeding edge AAA engine these days. Is that a bad thing? crashplan. Easy to set up and forget. Unlimited storage with history. Cheap family plan for 10 computers means I don't worry about rescuing my mother in law from a ransom trojan. Really happy about not having to fiddle with any custom setup like I did before. Infinging because you could be proven to have seen something (even by acceident!) feels like thoughtcrime. Wouldn't this benefit from simulation of the task (from the robot's perspective)? Doing something physical over and over again on ONE single robot must be very slow and inefficient compared to if it could be simulated. Even if the simulated training isn't spot on, the physical robot could start off with network weights from millions of attempts in a simulated environment. You are forgetting that the ability to fire people for performance are very limited in many situations. That places some constraints on it. For example, in many countries it's very hard to fire someone for performance reasons. The same also applies everywhere, for first hires in young companies. You just can't make a mistake. Discovering that someone is a poor programmer after you actually learn first hand that they are, may be a solution to the problem of aquiring a good team long term in a medium or large company, but it's not a solution to the problem of minimizing the risk of hiring ONE bad programmer. In places where Uber is just another taxi company, it likely has to follow all the local regulations that apply to taxi companies. It's only special in the places where Uber pretends not to be a taxi by claiming it's some kind of "ride sharing". I think that isn't going to last very long. Would have profound impact on how we value our own lives (and others). If you are 60 you might get a motorcycle because what the hell. Worse case you crash and lose 20-30 years of which only 10-15 are good. With aging out out the window you could have centuries to lose. In a not too distant future there will be a Mozilla browser with servo and a no tracking option. I'll leave chrome after several years and never look back. What do we know about the nature of entanglement? Does it make sense to talk about entanglement between regions inside and outside of an event horizon? Couldn't it be the case that entanglement too breaks down somehow at the event horizon? There are basically just two important sides to this: In an expansive welfare state (say a Nordic country) there are large transfers tax money between people. Some of these transfers are unconditional, for example every child (parent) is given around $150/month, regardless of family income. These transfers are pretty expensive. The reasoning behind giving it to every child is that it is supposed to be directed to the child, and there shouldn't be any stigma associated with it. You could argue that if this money was directed only to parents below a certain income , the same amount of money could do a lot more good This is the core of this issue: unconditional basic income is a very expensive kind of transfer. Even the vast bureaucracy required to ensure money goes to those who need it in a regular welfare state is a lot less expensive than a basic income reform. > it's very likely this will result in raising prices for all commodities. Why is that? There wouldn't be any more money in circulation. It's not like a state would print money to supply basic income. It would have to be tax funded, so most likely other public spending would have to be reduced, and taxes would be increased. If the basic income represents a progressive transfer from high-income to low-income (most likely) then you will see an income in spending simply due to the fact that high-income earners would probably save/invest the last $1000 rather than spending it on essentials such as food, but if the same money was distributed it is more likely to be spent. This is normally considered a good thing, (one of the most positive aspects of a progressive tax system). On some products, there may be increased demand, but the idea is that the basic income should be small enough that those products are very essential (basic food, housing, ...). We would have to assume that people eat both before and after BI reform. From my perspective (inside an expansive welfare state) the idea of basic income is a simplification rather than an expansion of the welfare state. The de-facto minimum income in Sweden today is probably higher than the would-be unconditional basic income. Today, the "minimum income" in Sweden is earned by people on minimum pensions, or those who have been unemployed longer than the unemployment benefits last. The income they actually receive is a very complicated combination of at least four or five different programs (social assistance, minimum pensions, disability, unemployment benefits, housing support, government child support, ...). The total for a single parent is around what a full time US (federal) minimum wage job pays, and I don't even want to think about what the administration overhead cost is on that. > They will simply increase rent to what their clientele can afford I may be crazy but wouldn't one of the ideas of basic income be that, for example, more people would afford to not live in freaking trailer parks ? Depending on how it was funded, there should be less demand for large houses and more demand for small houses and apartments, meaning more such housing should be built (thereby reducing the demand for trailer parks). Looks nice. I have been working ten years professionally developing a CAD program, and if I could time travel and give my ten years younger self a single tip it would be to use a proper geometrical kernel (like CGAL) rather than doing anything with floating point. The tree rep is very cool. It could probably render implicitly using distance fields without even needing triangulation. http://iquilezles.org/www/articles/distfunctions/distfunctio... Well, those shapes are hard to accomplish with a CSG of primitive shapes at least. This isn't really "plain CSG" though. I think it uses distance fields (a tree of distance functions), which can be of any kind. The simples ones are just primitives, but anything that has a defined distance could be used, including parametric surfaces, fractals... (If you are using it for actual CAD and not just visualization, you probably want to be able to triangulate though). These distance fields have some neat features when rendering, such as blending, which is hard to do with classical CSG: http://iquilezles.org/www/articles/distfunctions/gfx18.png (from http://iquilezles.org/www/articles/distfunctions/distfunctio... ). Yes, it's definitely a tradeoff. I wouldn't think distance field modeling will ever be mainstream in design for manufacturing, just like CSG won't be. They are mainly useful in direct visualization. There may be lost of niches such as content creation for gaming etc where other representations can be useful. The pragmatic solution is to write the critical parts of the code either completely allocation-free or using some kind of automatic memory management. To write large amounts of boilerplate and non performance sensitive code using manual memory management is likely time that could be better spent elsewhere. Similarly, tweaking a compute intensive part of a CLR/Jvm/Python/ruby program to fix GC performance is probably more work than just rewriting that particular piece of code with allocations in mind, in C if necessary. Doesn't say what it does. I can deduce from the title and landing page that it has something to do with UIs and CI. From the FAQ it seems it is web only, as it mentions "the page" (assume that is an html page). Is this an appropriate summary? "It can help you visually review changes made to a web front end as part of CI/QA" Would be neat if you could plug any kind of front end screenshot rendering and not just web. This. Birth rate has a lot of uncontrollable factors like demographics. A slump in people in ages 20-40 will inevitably leas to falling birth rate at the same fertility. And that will repeat in 20-40 years. The factor to focus on is the fertility and the fraction of working adults. Germany has a very traditional view of the labour market and women often have to stop working for years when having children. This means that a large group of women don't work, or (equally bad for the economy), a large group of women chose not to have kids. The only proven solution is subsidized childcare, longer parental leave, individual taxation. Yes, Japan has managed to brew the deadly mix of aging population, extremely traditional values leading to very low fertility, and an extremely low acceptance of immigration. it feels almost dystopian to think about the demographics in a few decades: elderly and robots will far outnumber the rest. As long as it isn't global it will just mean that German industry will have to move production elsewhere and/or it will be cost effective to employ ever more expensive robots to do the work. I (or my previous post) don't disagree with you! As for immigration: If rules are very liberal, why is immigration so limited? Is it hard for foreigners to get these jobs? what about refugees and other non-professional immigration? Note that I don't think Japan is necessarily xenophobic (recent polls suggest a majority is pro immigration) but it's traditionally quite conservative and a bit "introvert" and let's agree it's not exactly a haven for the worlds poor immigrants... The fertility rate in Japan is low, and there are many reasons for that. Like you say, as a society becomes more progressive and equal, more women will choose professional careers. This means longer educations and smaller windows for having family. That isn't the problem, the problem is that when this good thing happens, in order to keep fertility from dropping (assuming we want it to ), a society must adopt things like subsidized daycare, parental leave and so on. Failing to do so means women have to choose between careers and family. Japan will survive but an aging or shrinking population is problematic economically. It would really benefit Japan to have a higher fertility rate, and hopefully it can be done without women having to stop having careers. Sweden-Germany is such a pair. They both have high immigration rate too. I gave up on considering the web to be a "web" of hyperlinks. These days the www just feels like a collection of siloed (namespaced) applications. I expect a link to be valid at least long enough to use in an email (i.e. days/weeks), but I wouldn't use a link in say a blog post without also copying the relevant information out of the page. The url is then just a source reference identifier, not a hyperlink that is expected to go anywhere. > It's not a talent .... it's just skills to be learned This to me is a bit of a contradiction. "Talent" to me is what says if you will take a long time to aquire a skill or not. Almost anyone can reach a good level of skill of something. Not all can be pro athletes without a certain genetic talent, and I believe the same would hold for, say, being a mathematician. But not everyone has to be a pro athelete, nor a top .1% programmer (or anything else). > This belief that programming ability fits into a bi-modal distribution Who believes that? Is it really a widespread belief? I could see why you would think it was a bell curve or a power law of some kind. But bimodal? why? > Things like design, communication, writing, and debugging are needed. Yes, those are the things I like to call programming. I think in the "normal" software industry we have a skewed picture of quality, simply because it's not the primary focus. For everyday software, it's fine if it works to 95%. Even bugs you have identified must be weighed against new features, and features often win. For the customer it's better to have a piece of software that has all the features they need, but calculates a bad result every 1/1000 times, or crashes a couple of times per day, than a program that doesn't have all the features. It's also the "release early release often" thing where the cheapest testers are your end users. That is far from the "release once patch never" of rockets. So feature bloat and suffering quality isn't really due to bad practices, it's an active choice. It seems the image must be created on an existing OS X installation. Is a pre-baked image portable to virtualbox running on other host OS:es? (Yes I know, Eula yada yada).