A math IDE. I think Wolfram Alpha may do just that, then again dealing with formal maths is not my thing. An IDE makes sense if it can encapsulate the symbols and terms you're conveying. How many programmers sit down with notepad or vi and write huge programs? Yes, some do (and I have), but it's far easier with the IDE. People don't like most advertising because it's lying to them, or at least covering up it's faults (turd rolled in glitter). I mean, what company is going to pay to tell everything about their product. There going to show it in the best light. When people buy something they want to be informed (doesn't a free market require this?). With sites like Amazon or Newegg you get more information about the product and similar products that is supposedly neutral. They don't care 'which' product you buy, as long as you buy it from them. The customer benefits by exposure to more choices, better products, and possibly better pricing. This does not work as well for vendors, they do not care who you buy from, as long as you buy their product. If it did everyone would use chrome/firefox with adblock. A huge portion of the population seems to put up with all the ads thrown at them. I think a number of people are worried about Apple shooting themselves in the foot, or screwing their customers. Apple's handling of software development in the '80s almost killed them. Microsoft's 'steal it, pirate it, just develop for it' mantra got us to where we are today. Apples default of signed programs is probably best for consumer safety, but many times the best ideas don't win the market. Where is the other half of the equation. What's happening with Microsoft in the server room? All these tablets and phones and other assorted toys don't make very much of their own data. They are fed with huge server farms. I don't see Apple making any of those servers and server operating systems currently. This. It would be better for the author to understand the legal requirements and the legal history of cable TV. The technical side is only a small part of the equation here. He would be dealing with regulations at local, state, national, and international levels. http://www.fcc.gov/guides/regulation-cable-tv-rates http://www.fcc.gov/encyclopedia/evolution-cable-television#s... So I guess the real answer to his question 'Ask HN: I want to build a cable company. How would I get started?' is here. http://www.fcc.gov/ You can't just spray anything on the board. Most coatings would separate from the board over time with due to thermal or mechanical stresses. There are many coatings that do work for this, but cause additional expense due to additional labor in finishing, and possibly design to make sure the components that need protected most can actually be coated. I want you for a customer. I'll sign a contract to bill you for $100 an hour. Then when I send you the bill I'll make sure it's for $125, because hey if you don't like the price, you should have used someone else. I'd say yes. In the bad old days, you only got to number 1 because of payola. Chances of an unsigned Korean artist getting there. 0. He for sure did not fit the boy band/pop star profile. Now you can go from someone mostly unheard of to a global superstar outside of traditional channels. Now, if you are already someone signed on a big label and have a big name, then 8.1M may not be huge, especially for how popular it was. "From just those sources, PSY and his camp will rake in at least $8.1 million this year, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates. But for online music sales in South Korea, he'll earn less than $60,000." This is the important part of the article. He earns around US$0.00015 per song sold in his own country via online sales. He earns a hell of a lot more via Youtube and iTunes. What gets him up to 8M is other advertizing deals. Webtrak4.1 Profile for physcab.* "Buys K-Pop from Amazon.com" "Visits RedTube at least 3 times a week" "Spends at least 15 minutes in gay porn section" "Made campaign donations to Republican National Convention" "Attends Clivesville Baptist Church" * no this is not really his web profile. But this is the kind of things web bugs leak. And while your life my be so boring that it doesn't matter to you, may other people have information they would rather not share with every stranger on the net. Reminds me of the '90s when WinNuke and Smurf attacks ran wild. Remember one attack that caused our Linux boxes to panic, but I can't remember what it was called. It's not surprising that we're seeing stuff like this in v6. IPv4 has had the bugs hammered out from years of attacks, v6 not so much. http://blogs.computerworld.com/mac_os_x_java_fiasco_apple_st... http://www.the4cast.com/apple/apples-flashback-fiasco-what-r... 2 years apart, same outcome. Apple has a terrible track record of fixing bugs. As of so far it seems giving them a minute, week, or month has no difference. In the past other vendors have had issues with timely fixing their bugs or trying to squash disclosers, that's why lists like full disclosure exist to this day. And as the complexity of the documents increased the likelihood that some bug was written in to the interpreter increased geometrically . The thing is we had all the things you say are great, and in spite of this we have created the browser as an application environment. Evidently people don't want a document web. Adobe PDF and Word are evidence that document readers attempt to become web browsers with time anyway. >It's possible to build something without holes. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/10/proving_a_comp... I'm guessing you're planning on releasing your document viewer/OS sometime around the head death of the universe. In which time your program don't exist because your OS/Word processor business doesn't survive on the taxpayer teat. The problem is for businesses, most customers pay lot for features and new shiny and give a lot of lip service to the security part. The problem for open source is, most developers spend their time on features and new shiny , and the security ramifications are an afterthought. why have not other conscious beings 1. We are the first, or we are the first to get close to the singularity in our light cone. or 2. Generating energies or over coming the challenges of even traveling close to the speed of light is hard. or 3. Space is big. You just won’t believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it’s a long way down the road to the drug store, but that’s just peanuts to space. or 4. They have. No, it sounds like you are just an introvert. Since introverts are a smaller percentage of society, and they communicate less with others, it can easily seem like there is no one else like you out there. " Introverts are easily overwhelmed by too much stimulation from social gatherings and engagement, introversion having even been defined by some in terms of a preference for a quiet, more minimally stimulating environment. " That's why going out in to society seems like a job to you. I'm not sure about the just fine. If you were not in a complete free fall you'd be smooshed (I'm guessing W = m · g is nasty at black hole gravities). I guess my question is how fast you'd be traveling by the time you got near/in the even horizon. Anywhere close to 'c' and things would look a lot different. The problem that you are missing here is one of history. The phone company you so quickly push people to use has a long history of monopoly and abuse (at least where I'm from, where the telephone was invented). For the longest time you could only connect blessed telephone company equipment to your line, nothing else was allowed by law. It wasn't until people fought back that we could even use acoustic couplers. The telephone company was government sanctioned, but it was still a private company just like Facebook is. So instead of telling people to take it, do like or predecessors and fight back. I'm pretty sure if this was back in the Ma Bell days, you'd be telling the crowd that 'Real Friends' send letters via post! Or, people can get angry and say "Hey Facebook that is shitty behavior, I reserve the right to go elsewhere.", and otherwise bitch to everybody and make news about it. In which Facebook can decide to stay with their course, or they can decide to back down. Just because you want to act passive aggressive about the situation, doesn't mean that is the best solution to the problem. A little bit of aggression can keep companies more in line. I cannot imagine a world where people just took whatever they were given silently. I do believe it would look something like slavery. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_and_circuses Ob. xkcd http://xkcd.com/1145/ See ALT text. At the time the cable was installed (72ish?) 230kV was a very high voltage cable. The type of cable that now commonly carries that voltage underground is HV XLPE http://www.fujikura.com.sg/hv_xlpe.htm At the the maximum voltage over XLPE was 110kV. Sticking 2 of these cables side by side would have other interesting effects. http://www.emfs.info/Sources+of+EMFs/Underground/multiple.ht... It appears oil and paper systems are still used, but I don't think they use the high pressure oil system like the one in the paper. http://www.hitachi-cable.com/about/publish/review/__icsFiles... Ecology is the scientific study of the relationships that living organisms have with each other and with their natural environment. An ecological fallacy (or ecological inference fallacy) is a logical fallacy in the interpretation of statistical data where inferences about the nature of individuals are deduced from inference for the group to which those individuals belong. This is anecdotal, but I'll posit it anyway. I did network administration for a number of title companies, mortgage lenders, real-estate agents, and other assorted firms involved in the selling and buying of houses between 2004 and 2011. Most of these people were what you would consider hard working honest employees, but due to perverse incentives helped in their part of making all of this worse. I saw plenty of lenders have the client flat out lie about their income. It didn't seem to matter, the banks rarely rejected the loans if the paper looked good. The better you lied, the more sales you got. If you were totally honest, people heard that it was hard to get a loan or closure from your firm and would head to others. At the time there was seemly no risk, it wasn't till after the financial crash that I heard of any arrests over paper manipulation. The problem is the people that have the data now are going to be very shy about releasing it. It will show fraud by the buyers, possible fraud by the lenders, poor research by the big banks. By the time the crash came it was a game. Interest only loans? You've got to be kidding me. At a murder scene, evidence is how one determines the cause and the killer, but if your killer has means he can manipulate that evidence. The issue we have now is that the murder (banks) are the group holding all the evidence. They don't want it looked in to, it would show they were an accomplice. It is great when you first start teaching someone about SQL. The fact that SQL injection even exists shows that data validation and separation of 'code' and 'data' must be one of the first things learned about SQL. Why, because the proper use of analogy give insight to how things work where it was not before. Telling the robot analogy to a person bagging parts in a warehouse would make a lot of sense to him. Just saying 'security attack' and his mind will probably wander off in imagination of ninjas and pirates kicking in the door, murdering everybody, and running off with all the products. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Observable_universe#End_of_Grea... Up to the largest scales the universe is randomly clumped/stringed/voided. And when the day comes that available labor far outstrips the demand for labor? Your skill may be in demand, but how many will be willing to do the job at subsistence rates? Will the day come when 10s of millions (billion even?) of people be made redundant by technology? What will they do to eat? How will nations and societies deal with this? Grind the unemployed in to Soylent Green?, grand social welfare programs?, war? I always liked this fictional story about it. http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm "When the people shall have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich." --Jean-Jacques Rousseau http://www.lewrockwell.com/orig5/mercola23.1.html "When you sleep, your body’s internal temperature actually drops to its lowest level, generally about four hours after you fall asleep. Scientists believe a cooler bedroom may therefore be most conducive to sleep, since it mimics your body’s natural temperature drop." You rarely hear of Google outages http://techcrunch.com/2012/12/10/gmail-experiences-a-widespr... ,or iTunes http://appleinsider.com/articles/12/11/19/itunes-match-down-... ,or Youtube http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/technology/2012/10/youtube-goes-... Everyone goes down, but EC2 has been buggy as hell from what I can tell. And before everyone says Netflix should `just` move or add more bandwidth... http://www.nbcnews.com/technology/technolog/netflix-uses-32-... They represent a huuuge amount of bandwidth usage! The city I live in is building strip malls at an insane rate while the existing ones have a higher vacancy rate then I have ever seen. A few at the best locations will fill most of the slots, but the rest might have 50% capacity. Who is loaning money for this? Do they think that this capacity will be filled at some point in the distant future? but I don't think that removing gradients and drop shadows necessarily results in designs that "scare users away." Try using Office 2013. It's white and flat (even flatter in Win8 over Win7, you lose refrence to what the 'tools' part and the data part is. It is not inviting at all, unless you dig in to the options and try to put some slightly different colors/textures on it. It allows you to move the computer to your data. There are lots of places where power can be an issue (solar collection only), a full 'computer' would take up a lot of power and space. A micro like this would allow you to process signals on site and only send back 'important' information over potentially limited bandwidth. The device is inexpensive and generic, so you can program it do to what you need, there are many custom devices that do what this board can, but they are either expensive or fixed function. I find it pretty common given a list of foods that I like, the one with a good picture is the one I'll most likely order. Having more pictures may or may not benefit the restaurant though... Use of a few pictures now could lead customers to buy a higher profit item, or an item that is much easier to keep in stock in large amounts. Use of pictures for all items means that the customer will likely expect the food to the table looks like the item in the picture. This could cause some issues with different cooks or item substitutions. At the rate the requests are growing there is no way to see if the requests are legitimate. This allows the DMCA to be used as a weapon against sites that are not infringing anything. http://techflap.com/2012/10/microsoft-sends-dmca-notices-to-... Follow the money and the established players and you'll see why. The best data I would suggest looking at is American news. Correlate Egypt with African news and then again correlate Egypt with Middle Eastern news. American news will tend to display stories related to Egypt's interactions with countries such as Israel, Iran, Iraq, and other Asian countries lumped together under 'middle east'. The next most common news grouping for Egypt would be Mediterranean, dealing with with countries such Libya politically and then in vacation destinations around the sea itself. Very little broadcast news in America is about countries outside of the Mediterranean and Middle East influence. You don't hear much about Egypt's and Sudan's relationships unless you tend to go looking for it. Contrast that to Egyptian and Israeli relationships. With the advent of the Internet changing the way we view and seek out news our will change our generalizations of geography greatly over time. But to understand the generalizations we have now in the 30's and up age group, replaying the 'Nightly News with Tom Brokaw' would lead to great insight. The correct use of caching can dramatically improve the performance of websites. Also knowing how to keep certain pages from ever being cached can be important too. //php do not cache header('Cache-Control: no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, post-check=0, pre-check=0, s-maxage=0'); Recently I was dealing with someones crappy hand rolled PHP site that had terrible image performance. The images were being called from a database and had no-cache set?! While moving the images out of the database would most likely be the best thing to do, it was not worth the effort in this case. The images almost never change, old id's would be removed and new added. I modified the script that output images to send a s-maxage header of a sufficiently large value and put a instance of Varnish in front of the server. Server load dropped dramatically, response times dropped dramatically, and the maximum amounts of clients the server can withstand increased greatly. Proper use of caching, either between your server and the database, inside your application, and between your server and the client can greatly reduce hardware requirements and response times. In finalizing your application before full deployment always validate your http headers to your clients are doing what you expect them too. On 3ware(LSI) controllers you can schedule a 'verify' task to run on a schedule. I do believe it is on by default, but I could be wrong. It is good to tell admins about this being that an uninformed one may turn the settings off without realizing what can occur if it is disabled. R.I.N.A.B Raid Is Not A Backup! Oh, and your raid controller should monitor for smart errors and you should seek to replace disks when you start seeing sector rewrites. Of course Microsoft software is worth every cent (dollars many of them) that Microsoft thinks it is, the question here is, 'Is public debate of Microsoft's sales to the schools of Greece up for public debate?'. Microsoft certainly wants to be a sole supplier on a privately discussed contract. If I were trying to maximize my profits, I'd want exactly the same. Talking about Warren Buffet http://www.wtop.com/164/3176295/Manassas-News-Messenger-prin... "The Manassas News & Messenger is no more. The paper printed its final edition after 143 years of covering the news...." "All employees lost their jobs, and 72 other jobs have been cut in the company." If I had to think of anti-virus I would trust the most it would be this. The computer would reboot in to a maintenance mode where it would boot in to a check mode. Hopefully off the network or some other source that couldn't be altered by a virus/malware. The check mode would checksum all executable content and update its database, reporting all changed and added files. It could also check for known out of date executable files. All files would be checked against a A/V database too. If nothing fails the computer reboots back to the OS, else it is halted until repaired. This still has two risks I can see, one is the BIOS is altered and subverted there. The other is non-executable content runs transient programs that do not survive reboot. If you run windows 7, then stop wasting time and upgrade to 8. If you run 7, stay on 7. If you're getting a new computer, don't fear 8, though it will take a little time getting used to. If you have a corporate office and will be replacing 500 pc's, you better do some tests with your users before you even think about 8. Unix variants and Windows solve their problems very well Maybe, maybe not, I think the bigger issue is the development cost it would take to get to Linux/Windows standards would be huge. This is why we have one Intel and AMD has to fight like hell to stay alive. Most sites suck because they want seemingly random passwords that are hard for people to remember. Most sites seem deathly afraid of spaces too and want relatively short passwords. While many sites would think this is a good password "x5tRwz3m" Length: 8 Strength: Weak. Entropy: 36 bits. Charset Size: 62 characters Is impossible for me to remember. A easy to remember mixed (seemly, but not random) password like that is much easier to generate and use in a off-line dictionary attack. "I like Microsoft's login page." Length: 30 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 147.3 bits Charset Size: 73 characters is a sentence and people are pretty good at remembering them. Add in a tiny bit of complexity "I like M?icrosoft's login p!age." Length: 32 Strength: Very Strong. Entropy: 163.5 bits. Charset Size: 83 characters. It is exceptionally unlikely that a cracking attempt will reveal that password and that some other type of flaw will be needed to reveal the password or gain access to the account. What percentage of Firefox users use adblock or something similar to filter themselves out of stats like this? I know that just about everything stat is filtered out by noscript or adblock on my installs. The site I used was http://rumkin.com/tools/password/passchk.php Other tools also... https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm http://www.passwordmeter.com/ The site I used was http://rumkin.com/tools/password/passchk.php How would an attacker know what the first letter is? Yes an attacker can guess if sentence passwords are used that (a|A),(the|The),and (i|I) would be very common starters but after that the bigger search space complicates things. https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm Read the sections on entropy and padding. Just using sentences alone does present attackers the ability to use an encyclopedia attack, but a few randomly placed symbols (padding) turns the endeavor back in to an exhaustive search. http://easylist.adblockplus.org/en/ Easylist+Easyprivacy cuts out the vast majority of analytics sites. Ob. SMBC http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2761#c... My name is "Robert'); DROP TABLE Students;--" https://xkcd.com/327/ How lead is chemically similar to calcium? They are on opposite... Then you go on to explain how lead is like calcium in its bioavailability, so in relation to the operations of a human body, lead is chemically similar to calcium (only dangerous). http://brain.oxfordjournals.org/content/126/1/5.full For example, lead’s ability to pass through the blood–brain barrier (BBB) is due in large part to its ability to substitute for calcium ions (Ca2+) While in jr. high and high school I helped my father with his business. I saw all the same 'U R SPESHUL' crap dumped on kids and laughed it off. In the working world you have to 'pass' or you may not have cash for dinner. Failures are very common in the real world. You may not make the big sale you were expecting. The company you work for may go out of business. All kinds of things go wrong, raising your children to be resilient is more important then shooting for success. This also means you have to allow your kids to suffer the consequences of their failures too. You don't want them to get hurt, but if you save them from themselves every time, you've taught them that mommy/daddy will bail them out whenever they need it. I guess that means there is only a market for one lathe[1] and one milling machine[2] since when you buy one, you can then make your own. Anyway, a universal machine maker would likely run of nano technology, and once we reach that level of technology, all bets are off. The game changes and suddenly a lot of businesses are buggy whip manufactures. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lathe [2} https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milling_machine I'm sorry, did you not happen to read that page? I remember a site on MacOS vs Windows dialog boxes from way back in the late 90's, a time in which many confusing UI patterns abound. It's too bad it's still not around as it is a great guide on how to display the question to the user correctly. It went on to display a few common(windows 95 I think) dialogs that would leave most users confused. Then showed the Mac dialog in similar operations where it was very clear what the intended outcome of each button would be. 1. Case the stores camera policy and times that loss management comes and leaves. 2. Watch for lazy employees. 3. Load up a shopping cart (20 bottles would fit, be pretty heavy. 4. Push cart out door. I've seen some pretty brazen theft before. A gas station down the road from me lost a large display of cigarets when two people walked in picked it up and carried it off when the cashier was dealing with a flooding toilet (most likely caused by them before a short time before). Collect empty bottles and fill them with cheap blue stuff, put a layer of real tide on the top for the smell and viscosity. Probably already is. What is it that has changed for the worse? More equality for women? That has improved. Access to abortion? That has improved? Domestic abuse and assault in sexual relationship? Are there any good statistics on these trends? Courts upholding child support agreements with force of law. Don't pay your child support and see what happens. The reason something may appear broken with modern relationships is the fact we are looking at them thru historical perspective, when it was much less likely a person could survive and raise children while not married. The fact is so many things have changed (at least in the U.S. where I am) in the last 50 year the chain of causality is likely impossible to unwrap. I couldn't post to one of the children under you, so I'll post here, agreeing with you. http://www.japanese-buddhism.com/giant-pink-penis-festival.h... The Japanese have had a penis festival since the 1600's. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maypole#Scandinavia "The central part played by young children in the celebration emphasize the procreation aspect of the celebration" We've had celebrations and representations of sexuality throught history. The Romans took to this a climax (pun intended) http://www.mariamilani.com/ancient_rome/Ancient_Roman_Orgy.h... Interesting thing is in most of these historical cases, there is a strong authoritarian push to stop these festivals to keep from corrupting people. This is the wheel of history coming around again. You 'Can'. The issue is Microsoft doesn't think you should (I believe you have to use a VL). As for Windows VMs, I've found if you keep what is presented to Windows stable, it doesn't know the difference. Keep the MAC address on the network card static (this means you can't run two copies on the same network at the same time, which by the license you shouldn't anyway). After running on a number of different processors Windows may want to reauthorize though. It would not be surprising if they put code that detected a VM in Win8 and Office 2013 some time in the future (or it's already hidden there) -Yeah, maybe have chemical sensing devices with air intakes at floor level to screen for bombs on shoes, Good idea, that way you can f'up a few hundred peoples day by spilling a 'coke' on a busy path way. And by coke I mean some benign chemical that is none the less detected as explosive precursor by the machines. Reflections of the shockwave/sonic boom off of other solid objects. Echos pretty much. In Russia it's hard to say, but in the U.S. I recommend that if you operate a commercial vehicle that you install one. If you operate a business and have people driving for you, you can review the footage and get rid of the problem employees before they cost you a million in insurance losses. After installing a system for a transportation company reviews of the tapes showed that 75% of the drivers were talking on their cell phones. They had a company meeting and showed a compilation video of all the phone video, even though it was now against federal law to do so. After that point drivers stopped using the phone while driving. As the driver the camera is a mixed blessing, if you cause the accident, you've created your own evidence against yourself. If you the owner, it makes it harder for the employee to lie about what occurred if they were in the wrong. http://januscam.com/index.php/products/dual-camera-janus-v2 I've installed these in taxis. They have outside/inside cams (to make sure the occupants aren't pointing a gun at the driver). They have a wireless 2.4ghz wireless upload to upload the files when the car gets to home base. And they show telemetry, speed, gps, and impact/vibration. They are for commercial purposes so they are probably out of the price range of most people ($400 I think). They may laugh now, but you'll laugh in the end. Two cameras in the same unit. It's pointed at both. Why should mobile apps be any different from any other kind of software? A few popular apps tend to dominate the market and the rest just fill niches. "We're just talking about what ads get served, for the moment." Tools can have more then one purpose. Java might be the best programming language since Sliced.bread and the Wheel# but if its VM and plugins are constantly having exploits found in them, it's a Serious Fucking Problem. The portable document format might be a good way to exchange documents, but the most popular viewer is a huge (commonly exploited) attack surface. The point is call your viewer, VM, or pluging something other then the name of the language so when it is found to be totally lacking security it doesn't reflect back on the language. Really the point should be to write your software correctly. My friends have used game cameras for a number of years now. They give video to the game wardens to document the number of wild hogs and their travel patterns on their property in the river bottom. The number of hogs around here is mind boggling, they are encroaching farther and farther into large cities. I type at least 60,000 characters before inserting a line break. I joke, but I've seen some php before that was at least 600 chars before line breaks, I have no idea how they wrote it like that. http://hashcat.net/oclhashcat-lite/ 2800M/s SHA1 hashes on a ATI HD 7970. vs http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11298184/about-how-fast-c... PBKDF2 is still very much harder to crack then SHA1 with any reasonable length of salt. It is the second time I fear. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second-system_effect Me too. What varies my speed in fiction reading (beyond plain badly written fiction) is the level of detail the story forces my mind to create to envision it. In a fiction book I really enjoy I'll spend more time 'dreaming' it then reading. I think another way to test to see how well someone speed reads is to have them pick out a concept out of non-indexed data. If someone speed reads beyond their ability they will skip over it, if they are not a speed reader it will take some time for them to find it. I'll assume you meant ads :p As an avid user of Firefox+Adblock I don't know what you are talking about, I don't see any ads at all. I do see a lot of terrible fonts, colors, and typesetting though. Funny, in the future there will be adults that have never lived in a world without Google. Instead of the word 'Google', just say fast, well indexed internet searching. It depends where you were. In a university or large business you could go to where the other computer people were and ask, or go to the library, and if you were lucky maybe a BBS where a few experts were. If you had the right contacts you could pick up the phone and call someone (god long distance was expensive back then). Things didn't occur at the rate they do now. You might have to push a problem out for a week or two to get an answer, or maybe a manual shipped via mail. That, or you pissed around and tinkered with something till it worked by yourself. Since Google is written by programmers, it's a very good search engine for finding stuff about programming. I'm sure there are medical publications and search engines related to the medical field, and that 'Good' Doctors will quickly use them when something falls outside of their memorized knowledge. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/04/health/quest-to-eliminate-... Note: there is a diagnostic program named Isabel that would be the Google equivalent. My friends daughter was born with a lung disorder that showed up in the first week after leaving the hospital. The local hospital almost killed her in incorrect diagnosing and panic and she was emergency flighted to Childrens. Two of the doctors there quickly came back with a preliminary diagnosis of congenital lobar emphysema after a few internet searches on the symptoms. They had printed what information they could find off of a few websites at the time. Based on that they talked to surgeons that had experience in the field and within a day the surgery had been performed and all was well. What I see is 3 information tiers. 1. You should know this off the top your head to be a professional. Common information, kind of like daily use of your first language. 2. Information that is not common or you shouldn't be expected to remember because of its rare usage. The type of information this thread is about. 3. Information you make, what you state at the end of this thread. > I expect some people to never ever leave XP, because they'll have one little activex control that their entire multibillion dollar operation runs on, What about the expense of the Chinese/Russian/Whatevercountry hackers totally owning them because they use IE6? Wow! Someone at the ISC has finally learned what Unix means. I've not used Bind for years after being burned by it's security issues back in the 90's. The 'one big monolithic' program was a terrible idea. I had used DJB dns for years, even with its shortcomings in areas, the modular design caused a bug or security issue in one area not to kill the entire system. Hopefully with bind 10 we'll be able to use user separation (or at least enough selinux) to keep each program in its own security 'domain'. He falls in to a trap of knowing machine behavior, but not dealing with people behavior. Insanity #2: I need somebody to talk to when a service interruption occurs You hear about an earthquake in California, you call your aunt to make sure she is ok. You are getting bad weather in the area you live, your mom calls and checks on you. The server you use disappears off the internet and your providers status page hasn't been updated for a week, you '...'? When something goes wrong, it's not an event that effects everybody (even if it is), it's an event that effects you. As long as humans are still involved in the purchasing and managing of servers you'll always need someone to call and yell at/be soothed by. I don't think it's useful in a technical sense, but it did catch my eye so much that I scrolled up and down a few times to watch it. Take that and stick it on a client demo and you might help secure another sale. Being that IPv4 addresses are something that's having a bit of a shortage these days, it's not at the top of the list of things to worry about. That said, if you're one of the few that has IPv6 access, this could turn in to an issue pretty quick. I would think that an impact of mars by this body would delay any further plans of visiting mars for a while. The level of atmospheric dust would be... tremendous. I wonder if 'backsplash' of rocks and other material would pose a threat to the mars orbiters? Because most bells are not clear (transparent), and language can be interpreted many different ways. Take the classic sentence "Snoptic, go help jack off a horse." Most people would assume you meant "Go help Jack, [get down] off of a horse." Throw a lawsuit, some lawyers, and a village idiot in there and you may find you are contractually obligated to masturbate a large domestic animal. No, not because they are a start up, but because it's really damn easy for $random_internet_user to get compromised and not realize it. Did $random-user share his dropbox email with someone else who was compromised? Did $random-user save his dropbox email on a large service (like Yahoo), which he had compromised? Did $random-user not update Java, Adobe, Windows, etc and have his machine compromised? Or in some other way leak information? I'm not in any way excusing Db, but uncritically blaming them without other possible scenarios seems just as asinine. Of course, every password should have a large individual salt to prevent rainbow tables. A hidden salt that is used across all passwords is useless on a public service, because that becomes the password to hack. The attacker takes an account that has a known password and brute forces the salt from that. Salt and hash are good for protecting well chosen passwords, but because the speed they can be processed mean the hacker can try billions of different passwords a second. These days choosing a cryptographically hard (memory hard) is the best bet to extend the time from a breach to password discovery so the majority of the users can change their password. With publicly creatable accounts by the potential hacker, a pepper is just another password. Leaving identifiable bits in the hash makes it easier to do things like if pass_type ($1$) { on_logon $upgrade_to_pass_type$6$) > At worse, you slow them down a bit, allowing you to do things like mass-email everybody affected. If you ever know at all. Better to use 'not fast' hashes like bcrypt, scrypt, or PB(something) that requires far more work and far slower cracking. Well, salt being common (now, not historically) is probably sourced close to production to reduce its transportation costs. There is a large salt mine within 35 miles of my house, and they are located all along the gulf coast in salt domes, a by product of oil exploration. A sturdy fence helps, but it also costs too. The biggest issue is this guy... http://www.backyardchickens.com/a/raccoon-chicken-predators-... Racoons are very sharp creatures and can open cages and pens that aren't designed well. If your wire mesh is too large and your chickens stay close to they edge they will lay wait and grab them thru the cage. I'm assuming pretty much every other egg laying bird has the disease, even many egg laying reptiles (keeping snakes out of the chickens house is never any fun). U.S. has the FDA so food regulations tend to get applied equally across the country, even if it doesn't make sense. I'm sure most the taste is determined by the feed, which is mostly a common ground up mixture. 'Yard eggs', where the chicken doesn't not eat a diet of %100 feed can have a different taste and yolk color. DIVX V2 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DIVX (note: not the video codec) OR "How to make your product fail by ignoring the failures of the past" (Piracy is free, Apple is easy, lets make are products hard to use and expenive in this market) In both cases (UV and the building) is there were plenty of successful designs that could have been copied from. It's even sadder in the case of UV that there must have been no end user testing before shoveling this out on the customer. Add on the entire website seems designed to extract information on Facebook accounts so they can keep tabs on you, it's obvious that none of this is about customer satisfaction or usability, but about new ways to monetize the customer and give them as little service as possible. -guard donkeys On my dads farm one of our goats had babies (kids?), after a few weeks we allowed them to roam the pastures. For some reason the donkey had something against one of the kids and stomped it to death, then proceeded to throw its dead body around like a ragdoll for hours. I never trusted that donkey again. And neither do they (LV). Trademark is not copyright. Apple does go after other designs that are similar to theirs, but (big BUT), they don't use DMCA unless there was an actual copy of their artwork/software. They file an injunction with a judge to stop sales of the product and/or sue them in civil court. You're assuming that they have to make their living 'hacking'. If instead they have an oil well in the back yard providing a steady paycheck (I live in Texas, and know people just like this), they have plenty time for non-profit endeavors. Birth rate is a bad number to look at because it's not taking in purely economic effects, it's racial and historical effects. http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db09.htm#arethere http://www.census.gov/compendia/statab/2012/tables/12s0080.p... Had America not been founded on slavery and a history of inequality afterwards our numbers would be much closer to the EU stats. I had a saying years ago that went like this... "You can tell the condition of the economy by the quality of fast food employees." > People don't hire teens when the economy is weak because they are less reliable than adults. Incorrect: People don't hire teens when the economy is weak because they can hire a MBA, BS, etc for the same price because they desperately need a job. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-21180371 Spain unemployment rate hit a record: youth rate at 55% Contract labor for the win. Sell the mowing job as a unit. I will pay you $X to mow lawn, you have one day to complete the task. You separate the speed in which the labor works from the value of the job. In most cases this leads the worker to complete as fast as possible for their own benefit, but does not harm you if the worker decides to take their time. Restaurants are a burst capacity problem. In a typical restaurant from 11ish to 1sh you have a burst of traffic then from 1ish to 5ish you have low to no traffic. Once the dinner crowd comes in you'll have another burst of traffic that can vary greatly per weekday (monday nights, low traffic - friday nights, high traffic). You run in to the problem were many employees (waiters) want a full time job but you can only afford a few of them. In many food service types they've (as the parent stated) got rid of the waiters all together (increased unemployment) and only kept the staff that would need to be there regardless of traffic amount. >But if by some miracle we do finally automate everything or If we quit finding new ways new ways to employ people... You don't have to automate everything, just increase unemployment to a significant enough percentage and social instability (rioting, political unrest) will be the primary concern. Looking at Spain's 55% youth unemployment, it's probably a good thing. Giving the young jobs is good, you don't learn how to work in a vacuum. Once they are older and have training they'll be able to find better jobs with the experience under their belt. What about mobility. If a person loses their job, in the U.S. it is easy to move. With the number of people that have left California to other states with lower costs of living, or going to counties with lower costs these things are not easily gathered. http://www.newgeography.com/content/001925-if-california-is-... Energy costs? Overseas competition? Cost of regulations? You can disagree, doesn't mean you're correct. Right out of high school I worked at a gas station for a few months (needed to pay the bills) before I gained employment at an internet service. People skills, situation control, theft management are just a number of things I picked up there. Assuming Walmart is the only minimum wage employer is your first mistake. >and not owners (via lower profits)? Because 'free market' competition would have already reduced that cost/profit via other market factors. Assume the market is colluding on price and it's not hard to see that consumers could pay the cost. Dealing with customers. Working with others. Earning a check (and the required things that go on with this). Showing up on time or getting fired (can't get fired from school, only in trouble). Also on the same note, time management and working with others (hey boss, I need off friday, I talked to jon who would take my place without causing him any overtime). I think you highly overrate what high school teaches students these days. >With hindsight its not hard to see that they were obviously wrong, I won't say they we're wrong, yet. The industrial revolution is not over. >How many businesses do you think are carrying an excess of employees at the moment just because the wages are cheap? More then you think. Increased insurance costs has done more to get rid of excess employees then minimum wage will. >It is only those jobs that can be offshored No, not only. Now that costs increase it makes more sense for the employer to take a harder look at replacing parts of the employment chain with software or automation. Where at one point employes kept people around for their flexibility it tips more in favor of machines (software or hardware) for there efficiency. Making an assumption that there will always be 'something else' that they can to to earn a living is just an assumption too. Attempting to find an optimal social solution before the unemployed riot and burn the factories is a good idea. In theory, that is a shared cost amongst all their competitors. >I have a lot of credit cards, and none of them say the name of the month on it, only the number. Why waste the space? Use a lot (more then your sample size) of different credit cards and you'll see some only have 'FEB' or others 'February' and no numerical month at all. Others have the year as '14' or '2014'. It would have been better if the card issuers decided on a standard quite some time ago. >Send 0.123 BTC to xxx How is 'xxx' determined? Looks like a great place to install malware that overtops the sites QR with its own and sends the payment off to the wrong place. A company I contract for develops a commercial software package for an industry. They allow to companies to 'buy' their priority development time for specialized features with the caveat, any feature that is developed is released in their mainline package. There are no forks, which over time would become more and more expensive to maintain. As of this time, I can say the policy has worked well for them. TL:DR - No one has to fix your problem unless you represent a significant portion of their income. What I take from the whole article is the author severely underestimates the true cost of software. FTA: "And while it's not pleasant, this approach has led me to realize, that in some cases, I simply couldn't afford certain software, even so it was offered to me at no charge." This is all software, open source or not, unless you are paying for the direct development of it. There is plenty of closed source programs that I've seen companies tied up in that the manufacture quit supporting or wouldn't fix that cost tens of thousands of dollars in migration fees. The one benefit of open vs closed is that with open you have the option of posting "I will pay the first person $1000 to fix X and release the code" Error control and backend processing failures. When the user types 'Juny' did he mean June or July. The longer drop down option of '07 - JULY' shows all the combinations that I've seen printed on cards with the least potential of failure. I do believe your reply has validated my point with the error it contains. >There is only one MD5. >you're doing them wrong and will get the wrong results. I don't guess you're a developer or coder. Being that the speed of MD5 has increased greatly on the same hardware over the years has shown there are many, if not infinite ways of finding an md5sum. Essentially code is math and number are infinite. You could calculate a number with multiplication and call it NumberTwizzle(TM), I could then look at your formula and write a new formula with bit shifts that runs twice and outputs the exact same answer. I could not call it NumberTwizzle though. >Creativity is essential, but unless you do those kinds of things the same way as everyone else, This partial sentence, I don't even. Creativity is looking at what other people are doing and coming up with a 'better', 'cheaper', or 'faster' (maybe all) solution to an existing problem. doing 'things' the same way as everyone else is the exact opposite of creativity. The simpler and less colorful we make icons, the more we'll relalize we'd made the same icons 25 years ago with windows 3.1. LV may feel like they have a case, but only because they've put shudders on and are only looking at their own work and not the entire industry they are built upon. You don't have to log traffic, your bandwidth provider can do that without your permission. Just print them out on paper in an unordered format. Is it real_ksink2cabinet, or real_ksinktocabinet, or real_ksink_to_cabinet? Why is it so hard to put the dishes up? http://phpsadness.com/sad/48 Imagine a country where all decisions are made by the richest and most outspoken, where they can change the meaning of words on a whim. Oh, wait, we don't have to. >Whether we use a new technology for good or evil reflects our character as individuals and as a society You'd agree fossil fuel powered engines have been a good thing for humanity in the past 100 years? It would be hard not to agree. Fast travel, ability go grow huge amount of food for the population, just about every modern convenience is based on what they have allowed. That said, they have also enabled two world wars, mass lead poisoning of societies, smog and other pollution types, global warming, and possible catastrophic collapse of the global population if it stops flowing. What defines individual selfishness when the effect is close to insignificant per person, but the long term accumulated effects can be disastrous. which snowflake caused the avalanche? Emergent behavior can be hard to predict. If you march across a bridge its fine. If a 300 person marching team does it collapses. Where is the volition in the collapse? At what number does something meaningless (or possible good) become harmful? Trying to measure such things as binary, black or white, good or evil when it is the improper unit to measure them will lead to failure. This was meant to be a reply to http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5352710 Stone Age headline: "Critics decry new bow and arrow technology: Will lead to world wars with nuclear weapons, automated drone strikes against civilians." I had a single IP on a customers 10M-bit fiber line get DDoSed for what seemed like no apparent reason. We had the ISP blackhole just that IP and the issue went away, but it was a real WTF on why it happened, and no it wasn't some ones accidental DNS mistake. >and often at a lower margin for the artist. No, this is a sign of competition. Music has a problem, any given person can only consume so much of it. When music was hard to make and distribute it was easy to fix the price. Now that(at least bad) music can be made by anyone there is an oversupply of music. As a supplier to Wal-Mart you don't have to agree to lower prices. You just get replaced by another company willing to make 5 million units for .003 cents less. Searching from the URL bar has always been a bad idea, too bad Google adopted the practice. People that don't understand the DNS hierarchy (and history) are doomed to call things failures that were not, and doomed to find new ways to break DNS in the future. Why is it now? If you haven't read any online news lately, as in the past few years, people have had fits about this since it was introduced. Diablo 3 for example. More people are complaining about it now since with SimCity they didn't expect it to occur. Additionally how bad EA at keeping the game online too. INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR MEANINGFUL ANSWER http://filer.case.edu/dts8/thelastq.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Last_Question At one time we believed in tariffs. If they stole it and made it, at least they would have to pay to bring it back to us. We wouldn't tariff countries/products that respected our rules. If I had to guess, the network communication design failed when presented with larger then expected number of connections, which showed poor testing being that EA has worked with online games before. There could also be higher then anticipated data errors (corruption from the network stack, cpu errors, memory errors) from the clients not in the beta that are holding memory on the server longer then expected in comparison to the beta. Beta's don't always give the best information since the participants are self selecting (selection bias). And making what is historically a single player game dependent on network connectivity for no apparent gain to the user is a design failure. These poor guys where born in the wrong countries, here they are poor slobs forced to illegally install shifty software to watch their 'slaves'. Had they been born in China, Egypt, or any of the number of countries with strict internet monitoring they could now be employed by the state monitoring dissidents. There is still hope for them, if they do good in college the NSA may still hire them. dye44 on twitch.tv has a map of 1.1 Million sims on a res only map. It seems likely he can go much higher then that. He also has a map that has a 'taxi-splosion' one taxi spawns hundreds of taxi's until all the streets are deadlocked with taxi's. He has to log off and back on for the map to work again. Lastly are the insane, inane, and wacky workarounds he does to have a playable game. EA got too ambitious and couldn't manage all the WTF's they have made with the new engine. There is no Maxis, only EA. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxis#Acquisition_by_EA The Glassbox engine was designed to be easily moddable. The problem is the games 'online' nature leads EA to ban people from making mods to keep people from cheating. There was a huge disconnect in the grand vision somewhere. How many of those million copies were sold before the launch (pre-orders)? Also, the current game is not being sold on it's own merit. If we'd never heard of SimCity before this game would not have sold 1M copies. It's because the nostalgia that many people have had playing the different city games from the mid '90s that's carried the current game so far. While the researchers have no moral high ground to stand on here, neither do the 420,000 people (or whatever division of that is owned by separate groups) that are running insecure devices. I've messed up and put insecure stuff on the internet before. I'd rather have it go down and break in a fire rather then having it quietly ship personal information to (feared country of choice). If you put an insecure device on the internet, the damage that ensues is your fault. Ignorance cannot be an excuse. Default passwords and no passwords are just unacceptable. Yes, by some twisted logic you can blame the hacker, but as time goes on we see more and more state sponsored attacks. It is their job to hack in to equipment of other nations for various reasons. It is your job to keep that from happening. TL;DR There is no such thing as a trivial mistake on a public network. I'd be pissed at myself for running an no password/default password on the global internet that is connected to nations that we (as in my nation) consider enemies. The world is full of fundamentalists that are not, trufax. thief is still culpable for the crime if he takes the car. Unless the thief is in a country that neglects, ignores, or rejects your law. This is where the analogy breaks down. Unless you fool the person to come to your (or another friendly) country they can hack you with impunity, that said there has been examples of hackers dumb enough to come to the U.S. after the fact. A better way to look at this instead of the criminal method is the insurance method. Your insurance company is going to be unwilling to pay for your loss because you were stupid and left your car open and running where Russian gangsters could steal it with impunity. Moving from UDP back to TCP on large packets is a mixed bag. TCP is slow, very slow. At one time DNS packets were limited to 512 bytes and had to use TCP for more data, but over time the number of UDP packets over 512 bytes increased greatly. Going back to the smaller packet size would impact a large number of users with longer load times, especially on wireless devices. Closing open DNS servers isn't a real fix. The people who need to fix it are the lest likely to have a clue there is a problem in the first place. Being that many religions frown on birth control, being gay, and instead focus on having lots of babies... I don't think that would have the population control effect you are looking for. If they don't stop torturing these poor animals, we're going to hunt them down and lock them in cages! That's the problem with reality, might really does make right. Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. WTF does anything going on outside of the computer industry have to with Windows? Lets setup some straw men and light them on fire. The biggest issue with 8 is that there is enough interface change that people feel they have to relearn it. In business this takes time and money to teach the employees, or for them to learn themselves. Most people don't want to spend time learning something new when there is little to no benefit from doing so. Real computer users want to get a task done, not to spend half their life learning interface changes. From the tone of your reply, I'm going to assume you are one of those designers that says "My interface is right, and you are too dumb to understand it's awesomeness", and then are shocked and amazed when no one uses it. The problem with Dell is they change part numbers so fast that a particular part number replacement not be available, you then run not well trained techs trying to figure out which newer part number actually works and is equivalent on your model. Last year I purchased three XPS 17 laptops within 3 months of each other for a client. Each time I had to choose slightly different options as they didn't offer the exact same configuration each time. So what you're saying is modular technology and modular politics would be the most optimal situation. If one part of a system is outdated it makes more sense to replace that the broken part rather than an entire system. Unfortunately both political and computer systems want us to be 'all in' on whatever current version is out. I'm pretty sure the poster would also be in jail if it were 'pot' rather than just some regular plant in a pot. http://www22.verizon.com/Support/Residential/Internet/HighSp... Verizon shows some IPv6 support over FIOS. In the quick search I performed I didn't see any info about DSL. I've been hounding Suddenlink about their IPv6 support for some time. The response I received from one of the techs was that they were having issues with Cisco on the headend equipment. He knows that he's such an asshole, he doesn't want his image out there in case of reprisal. Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak? With an introvert you can only assume their level of incompetence. An extrovert will gladly extol the level of his ignorance. Like security, hacking is a process. Every step you can take to hide the payload increases the change of execution. For example, take a business that scans files that come thru the firewall and email, they think their firewall does the job well enough so they don't focus on keeping A/V on the computers up to date. A better way to word that is 'the poor behavior of young _____', you could put any number of words in there and have the same effect. Youth are not well known for having great risk assessment abilities. At the same time, they do not have property, wealth, and families to add in to any risk assessment they would make. That said, youth need experience, we are not ready made adults and have to suffer the consequence of our mistakes to learn much of the time. Studies showing that adults make fewer poor decisions should realize a lot of that is because of the previous poor decisions that person had already made. I'll toss a link to this article along similar lines. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/14/nyregion/order-that-police... >It has been many years since people actually suffered from the weight of zillions of spam messages in their inbox. And this is part of what makes email close to useless these days. Outside of your own organization you have no idea if your mail was delivered or black holed at a server somewhere never to be heard from again. Too many servers still do the wrong thing, accept and delete, rather than reject at HELO. You wouldn't care much if the post office dropped all the ads for $5.99 pizza before they got to your post box, but if your bills got lost regularly you would be unhappy, and that's the problem with email. >The most useful thing a person with training in the social sciences can tell you, of which the general population isn't aware, is what you should be less sure of I'd say that is true for any expert in any complicated field. Almost any engineer will tell you a system made of a few simple components will have a much higher probability of being deterministic then a system of many complex components. Being that social sciences deal with the most complex creatures in existence they should damn well know determining anything with a high rate of probability is near impossible. Just over 'SSL' itself isn't enough, even if it was enough. There are so many broken configurations and weak ciphers that just having a lock on your url bar isn't enough. https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/index.html >NSA has no interrogation capability at all. Dumbest thing I've heard yet today. It reminds me of the scene in Demolition Man where Simon Phoenix cannot kill Dr. Raymond Cocteau so Phoenix enlists one of his ne'er-do-well friends to dispatch him. >The NSA doesn't create vulnerabilities in software. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dual_EC_DRBG > I always avoided Hitachi drives in my deck for some reason Probably because Hitachi bought IBM's line of Deathstar drives that were notoriously unreliable. It appears they have done far better with the product. >start trying to beam 5Ghz through three office walls (and fail), they'll want to know why and eventually find themselves back on a 2.4Ghz solution, simply because it's not so sensitive to solid objects. Or they will put a single CAT6 to each room and put a low power 5GHz AP on it. If you are the only person in a few thousand feet 2.4GHz is fine. You cannot expect to have the ability to penetrate walls and have numerous neighbors doing the same. >reliability is a much more important engineering goal to focus on. Wireless is and can be very reliable. Just go get a FCC spectrum licence for a dedicated and unshared frequency and watch your reliability issues disappear. It's just expensive. Reliability on open spectrums is always going to be an issue, and one you should never depend fully on. There will always be old equipment running that doesn't work well with the new standards and tosses it's new found gains out the window. Unless you can convince each of your neighbors to throw away that ancient 2.4GHz phone handset and old B router. Reliability on telco wireless is a different issue. They would rather run more customers on a segment, reducing reliability, but increasing profits. In 2000-2001 I was an admin for a day trading firm managing around 80 computers and servers. The drives worked great. They were really fast right up till the moment of their clicking death. At around 6 months around 15 out of 30 had it occur. I remember when this... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_tasting got so bad in the mid-2000's that it was best just to buy the domain if you even thought you wanted it. CentOS6 OpenSSL supports TLS1.2 and PFS https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/viewClient.html?name=OpenSSL... CentOS 6.5 comes with nginx 1.0.15 which by the documentation supports TLS1.2 This is a good place to start on good OpenSSL defaults. https://www.ssllabs.com/projects/best-practices/index.html >I have a legacy NAS from Cisco that no OS since Vista can access on my network. My guess is that is a security/encryption setting issue with your NAS. Windows won't send a login request to a server that uses weak standards unless you change registry settings. This is done for your protection. >You can't even resize the window past 80 characters. Or, you can change your defaults... Right click the top bar > Defaults Window Size > Width > 'What ever you want' Oh, and use powershell if you want more. Being that I run mixed Linux/Win7 networks with SMB filesharing and don't have speed transfer problems, it seems to be a sysadmin problem. Update your NIC drivers and make sure your processor can handle encrypted sessions at full speed. If you want to downgrade to NTLM you are free to edit the registry keys to do so. The rest of us don't want our passwords and traffic easily crackable. It breaks surprisingly commonly. You've moved 3-7 times in a few years. I move different customers numbers at many times a month. Around 20% of the time we have issues with fail to fast busy for 8 to 12 hours where no system on the telco side takes a call. I will say this though, switching mobile goes rather well almost all of the time. Porting numbers on fixed telephone lines is much more apt to fail. >I was quite embarrassed to learn how poorly my clever loop works in modern browsers! What's really embarrassing is IE js performance. Since I keep an ancient copy of of Netscape 9.0.0.6 on my computer I decided to try it so see how much browsers have improved. It doesn't seem to upload results I'll post them here in the same order as the testing page. 17.25 16.72 5.94 8.81 18.90 23.28 20.92 23.58 This is on the same computer that was pulling 5000+ on the fastest tests. Browsers have come a long way. > I wonder if I have rose tinted glasses for most of the "real world". This depends on how you are defining the 'real world'. If you think of society as an ecosystem it should not surprise you that prey and predation occurs, as occurs in natural systems. In a natural system, if something is both possible and successful it is very likely to occur. As for jobs that the whole purpose is to discredit people, have not paid attention U.S. politics? Mudslinging is a very popular method of securing political victory. Many of our intelligence agencies are built on collecting just this kind of information. It is good, now all the latest major browsers support TLS1.2 with forward secrecy. It is unfortunate that IE doesn't put FS suits first though. For you Windows server operators out there, I suggest IISCrypto to order your cipher selection (this works on desktop versions of Windows too). https://www.nartac.com/Products/IISCrypto/ The map in the article makes it look like the US and Europe are having a cancer epidemic, while the rest of the world has much lower numbers. What seem more likely is the 'west' is having a cancer detection epidemic . Just because cancer is detected doesn't mean that it is going to kill you. You could easily die from a heart attack before the cancer had significant negative effects, for example. A ssl version of the code should be provided. Many sites, such as the one we are on, only allow SSL connections and mixed-content is a poor security practice. >People that buy $200+ routers should be the ones to turn things off. The price of an object says nothing about the cluefullness or cluelessness of the end user. A tech illiterate soccer mom could easily buy one of these because their child told them they need 'extreme performance' to play BF4. Releasing products with poor security, then not fixing it when released to the public is unacceptable in this day and age. What is the difference between this and the newest EMET? http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/security/jj653751 SSL Labs test will not give you a A+ rating if it is not set at least that long. HSTS headers should always be set for a long period of time to avoid a client that only rarely connects to a site having a MITM attack occur. I think the real question is "How much of Apache's market will Nginx take?" Answer: As much as you can reasonably afford. Reason: File system cache. In modern Linux and Windows operating systems every file you read off the hard drive is stored in memory and only re-read after it has been write invalidated. This can reduce the amount of disk related seeks greatly in a mostly read based workload. For your average home user between 6 and 8GB are pretty standard amount and will give good performance. For power users and gamers between 16 and 32GB should be considered. That's why you don't release terrible security flaws in the first place. The second problem of the illiterate flashing ones router is more difficult, but not completely impossible to deal with. It's not optimal, but you could force redirect all http connections to the router from inside the network to a page where the user has to log in and click flash for the router to download and update the flash itself. Auto-updates are possible, but not without risk either. The chances any 'complex' life came to form in the early universe are vastly improbable. First, there were no heavy elements yet. They are formed in the cores of exploding stars (Metallicity). We know from our studies in to the ancient universe that early stars are metal poor. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metallicity Hammering that fact in that the first stars are not though to have formed for 100 Million years after the big bang, at which time the CMB would be rather cool. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/the-first-stars-in... After this point things get kind of hazy as there are still many questions about early galaxy formation and dark matter interactions. That said it is likely that star formation was occurring in dense clouds of hydrogen gas like we see today. Most of the star formation areas would be dominated by huge stars with short lifespans, ending in short violent lives. While seeding the galaxy with the building blocks for future life, the amount of these catastrophes would make survival very difficult in the glow of gamma radiation. Very little is known about the long term stability of these galaxies either. http://sciencenordic.com/collisions-made-early-galaxies-grow... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_of_large_numbers Those are easy to block with a firewall policy. DDOS is the only way to sustain an attack. Unencrypted password storage. Easily reversible (or bruteforced) authentication. Easily MITMed protocol. What year is this? In the first 380,000 years it expanded 1000 times its size and dropped to 4000K, much too hot for life. Reionization occurred from 150M to 1B years after the big bang, by the time that was done the universe was around 50K (-233C). During reionization it is likely the universe would have had too much ionizing radiation for life. A question that should be asked is: If someone slips you chemical $X, that alters your body odor, will you be locked out of your devices? Same goes for business owners too. We had a 20Mbit fiber from our cable company where the multi year contract was expiring. We contacted a bandwidth broker to find us a better deal. He came back with a much better deal on fiber from the local telco. We submitted the telco contract to the cable company and they price matched us. We went from 20Mbit to 50Mbit and dropped the price by half. The broker cost somewhere around $300, and was the best money we ever spent. Who says we haven't tricked the simulation, and who says we can be tricked? If we do exist in a simulation, not understanding the motivations and nature of the perpetrators of said simulation leave us with no means to tell if our results are unadulterated. Lets say you find incontrovertible proof that we are being simulated. You are so exited you pull through a red light on the way home and are killed by a bus. In the mean time the hard drive with your data on it crashes and the data is lost. Another researcher attempts to follow your work, performs the same experiment and gets a negative result, we are not being simulated (little does he know he's running on Universe.exe patch level 4.0.2113). A universal virtual machine could operate just like virtual machines we use now. If the occupants of said simulation screw stuff up we can always be rolled back to a checkpoint with no knowledge of such an occurrence. Slight changes could be made to the problematic actors in the simulation and chaos theory would likely make the simulation diverge. Page not found. And now your weakest device can CSRF remote access back on. Most people don't take their router in to a repair shop when the get a virus on their computer. Interesting, does this mean if you were using an updated SHA256 hash (as will be required soon for all EV certs) that the exploit would not have occurred? Languages that target and reach large numbers of beginners tend to do well. PHP tends to be the primary example, but BASIC and all forms of it continued by Microsoft are another. When any newb can sit for a few minutes with your language and a HOWTO and make a functioning (web)app it has a chance to be successful. It's hard to target people with a 'harder' syntax even if it may be better for some particular reason. Once a person has learned one language it is more worthwhile to gain a more broad knowledge base in that one rather then invest time learning in another. It's likely most people that learned perl didn't start with perl as their first language. At the time it what came with whatever form of unix they had and extended the scripting they did, but was not friendly. There was just a lack of alternatives at the time. Now, in an interconnected world with no shortage of better alternatives, there is simply little reason to invest any time in learning Perl. Is this just a side effect of a common script/tool being used?, or I wonder if enough firewall rules do stupid things like "Allow 80 Both (tcp|udp)" that it was an effective means of increasing the efficacy of the attack? Why the laryngeal nerve is the way it is makes much more sense if you look at is as a series of trillions and trillions of little tiny steps. At some point a very long time ago vertebrates had very different designs from the contemporaries. As they evolved from strange filter feeders in to jawed creatures, this nerve extended itself longer and longer as creatures with a neck came in to existence. The important thing to see here is the lengthening of this nerve didn't cause selection pressure against it. If any vertebrate animals did develop other, more efficient, nerve routing, it did not give them an advantage to survive unto this day. None of the things we are calling quirks were quirks far back in the past. They have been 'stretched' by billions of iterations. It would be complex, by all definitions of the term, if not impossible to put DNA and all the cellular functions in any semblance of order that would make sense to a person. If evolution has regards for anything, it is survival. No other metric, be it efficiency or complexity, matters unless you produce offspring that produce offspring. Like a sewing machine, that cuts and folds and splits threads. And in doing so makes another sewing machine. Life is awesomely complex stuff. Imagine a wormhole opening up in front of you and a computer from the unimaginably distant future drops out in front of you. You very likely wouldn't know it's even a computer. Countless billions of hours a futures mankinds time has been poured into it shrinking each component to the atomic scale. Generation after generation of hardening against future hackers attacks, and even self aware viruses have increased the machines complexity beyond human understanding. The code the computer interprets would be a lost language from a civilization that doesn't exist yet. And that is pretty much where we are in understanding the interworkings of DNA today. Nature has a 3 billion year jump on us, and it's going to take us a long time to unravel it all. I think the saying goes --Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect. How about a child adopted at a young age. Trying to teach the kids something you are not is a different proposition altogether. > your focus should be rescuing user data Good luck figuring out if the user data is the cause of further infections. Add some infected pdf, tif, jpg files and it could come right back. In the terms of less common applications there are likely thousands of libraries used by these programs with data interpretation exploits waiting to be be found. >Punish the offender, not the group. You are punished with 3 weeks paid leave! I'm guessing you have not been to Texas. In Texas you own a car (or more likely truck). If you do not, you are more likely a homeless person or a visitor. The visitors quickly rent a car. The population density of a city like Austin is a literal order of magnitude difference. Things aren't stacked on top of each other so people have to drive to them. Because people have to drive there large parking lots are needed. Large parking lots puts stuff even farther away from each other. Southwestern cities are built on the premise of personal transportation. Pretty much this. One of my clients has a set of 7 or so touchscreen POS systems at a restaurant. They are all older XP embedded machines and the software they run has no upgrade path to a newer OS. It will take somewhere around $20k to put in new computers and do the initial inventory setup. I don't give a damn if you have 1 or 1 billion computers. I don't care what your applications require and how much you paid for them. This is not my problem or Microsofts problem any more. Did you think this was going to last forever, because if you did and you don't have a contract saying so, well good luck. All this really sounds like is a regurgitated argument along the lines of "Regulations are so expensive, we shouldn't have to follow them" or "Minimum wage is to expensive, get rid of worker protections!" Keeping your systems up to date is the cost of doing business. If you can't afford the cost of doing business please feel free to leave the market to others that can. On an individual basis, it doesn't make sense for a single user to upgrade until the point that the old computer needs totally replaced. The cost of upgrading is higher then the value of the computer. In business the cost of the applications and data is many hundreds if not thousands of times more expensive then the computer systems. A recent example of my own is a vet clinic with a older digital x-ray machine. I asked what it would take to upgrade the machine to Windows 7. Around $50,000 was there answer. They had to replace all the hardware and software. There was no 'upgrade' path. Yes, they know very well that they have to replace the system at some point. But it doesn't make sense for them to do this at this point. They have plenty of spare parts for the system at this time. The system has a very small attack surface from outside threats. And the current system is very stable and low maintenance. They do have a good idea of what they would go to if they needed to upgrade tomorrow. It's just currently a no sale, supporting a new system will cost more at this time then the old system. From what I've read on Krebs site, I don't think Target understands what 'very small attack surface means'. A long time ago some crazy open source guys said stuff like "Be wary of building your entire infrastructure on Microsofts solutions". You shouldn't have given them so much money back then! The chickens have finally come home to roost it seems. Your problems are not Microsofts fault. Your problems are that your business did not have any foresight. At the time computers were changing drastically every few years, and yet you thought you'd be able to run them and the software on them forever. You bought crappy printers with no demands that the manufactures support future operating systems on them. Your businesses problems are they gave the CEO's 50 million dollar golden parachutes and did not keep infrastructure up to date. Your businesses problems are bad software design paradigms. As a BSD/Linux user from the mid '90's it's nice to see the government joining the movement 15 years later. Of course no one listens when the money is good. Don't be surprised if the economy does well again these lessons will be quickly forgotten. You seem to think their current system is hard to use or in any way broken. No, it works very well, it is easy to use, it is easy to train on, easy to change menu's and taxability. It is very extensible. Management has around a decade experience with it. >But of course, "both sides" is a fallacy to most real issues that have many more sides. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_to_moderation Is always a good read when talking about issues like this. A lot of speech in the U.S. that is allowed under our first amendment would be considered criminal in much of the rest of the world. >Who wants to go to court, hire lawyers, stress and time to defend themselves against an accusation, even when you are overwhelmingly correct? It's not about who wants to, it is about who can. The wealthy can easily buy their freedom of speech one way or another. Laws like this are dangerous, not because they make the rich man spend his money, but because they imprison the poor man who has none. Next on ycombinator, homograph detection script. You do realize that the surface of the ocean is moving around rather drastically? That part of the ocean, because of how wide open it is, has some of the largest swells of any ocean. I feel that this would make things rather difficult. Yea. As a server admin with 18 years under his belt, here's the first thing you need to know about the internet. If you have an anonymous service a basic tenant is moderation and spam fighting. I've seen a hundred good ideas that would never work because they don't take in to consideration that 'People are assholes'. Any system that does not fight spam will quickly become only spam (porn considered as spam in this case as it's not the point of the app). Any image rating/manipulation program will quickly become only spam and porn unless heavily moderated. TL;DR: If you aren't considering spam and security issues when developing apps please stop. Either read up, in detail, on how to do it correctly or add a developer that understands the issue. >getting pro bono legal help. Riches by proxy. Lastpass appears to use TLS 1.2 with Forward Secrecy. They would have to hijack individual sessions (or somehow get the current session kays and capture the data at the same time). Time for every browser to change that behavior. A different person achieved retrieving the key in 100,000 requests, which is well within a practical and cheap botnet attack. The next question is how much of the key did they receive in the requests that revealed the key. If it was most or all of the key, a single attack node could query 100,000 different servers with the high probability of retrieving a key at least once with a low probability of being blocked by any of the servers. TL:DR, patch OpenSSL and revoke and rekey all your certs. Your random number generator should give random numbers. http://healthyeating.sfgate.com/average-calorie-intake-human... 2800 is the high end of the scale. 2500 would be an average for males. This concerns me... >Finally, we evaluated whether Sandstorm handles high packet loss correctly. With 80 simultaneous clients and 1% packet loss, as expected, throughput plummets. FreeBSD achieves approximately 640Mb/s and Sandstorm roughly 25% less. This is not fundamental, but due to FreeBSD’s more fine-grained retransmit timer and its use of NewReno congestion control rather than Reno, which could also be implemented in Sandstorm. Which tells me an attacker can disable your infrastructure more easily with the high performance custom stack by sending specialized malformed data. If you're even thinking about putting a custom stack on the net, its worst possible performance should be the same as low performance stack you're replacing it with. An attacker always targets the weakest point. >There are some fields I know a great deal about. Whenever I see a news story about one of those fields, they're almost always pathetically wrong. I have come to accept that the general media cannot talk about any subject that requires domain knowledge coherently. Right, and the hammer in my house could be used as a method to gain unauthorized entry to someones house. The problem here is the word 'unauthorized'. What if the website has an EULA that says something like "By visiting foo.bar.com your computer will be used to mine Bitcoins, if you do not accept this agreement please close this website". Now by most legal definitions I understand it is no longer unauthorized, the TOS authorized such uses. Next, why should mining Bitcoins be directly illegal in such a manner? Are stupid, slow, annoying flash ads that play music and videos illegal? They are 'programs' that use my computers resources for the end result of generating revenue for the website. >Enterprise Firmware causes the drive to fail fast on physical errors rather than endlessly retrying. TLER http://features.techworld.com/storage/1019/what-is-time-limi... TLER is exactly what you want in a RAID. You have another copy of the data in question on the array, why fight for it on a disk when the data may be corrupt anyway. I have found that to be very hard on disks. Lost a AC unit in summer and over the next month had a much higher rate of disk loss. >there is no way anyone could decide whether it was a "net benefit" to society, That's a viewpoint problem in itself. Liberties and individual rights should never be added because they are a 'net benefit'. I see the converse as being true, liberties and individual rights should only be removed if they are a significant detriment to society. In your example of gay marriage there is no data that it is harmful, therefore no reason to prohibit such actions. Of course proving something is harmful is not a carte blanche to prohibit most actions. For example our 'war on drugs' motivated as doing good against the evils of drugs as turned into a rather harmful system in itself. Other systems that treat drug users rather than punishing them have much better outcomes. From a linked article off this article... >Moreover, Google lodges takedown notices it receives at ChillingEffects.org, so Verlander's demand now is public. That creates another issue because Google has in effect provided a road map for any voyeur looking for sites that refuse to remove stolen photos. Google has contributed to ChillingEffects.org for the sake of "transparency" — a funny word in the context of a now infamous privacy breach — but IP attorney Jon Steinsapir says Google "could use some discretion here for good manners and good taste." No, Google cannot. Transparency that is not transparent does not work, every single removal demand will also come with a anti-transparency demand. While this is bad for a few people that have lost their privacy due to issues such as the listed in this article, the vast number of removal requests are by corporations seeking to control media they may or may not actually have rights to control and such actions need to be in the public eye. My friend who lives in the downtown area sent me a picture today. Someone busted out the elevator button to the top floor (where they live of course). In densely packed areas the ill behavior of just a few bad actors affects many more people. Having nice things close is great, though also having more bad thing close would take a toll on my mental health too. This link is some kind of redirector with a apparently unaffiliated third party. Hidden registration information for the domain. It then 301 redirects to startupnotes.org. This link should be removed as it is probably just collecting IPs from HN users. Yes, it's the video of the talk that follows you as you scroll down the page. If you are not watching the video it is a terrible format as it blocks a large amount of the reading area. If it is in the wild then it is most responsible to let firms know right now . Now the administrators can choose if they want to block said files until the patch is released. >It's not illegal to teach people how to break the law I'm sorry, do not pass go, do not collect $200, go straight to jail. https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20130908/00044524444/eight... http://www.theregister.co.uk/2013/09/09/polygraph_countermea... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6308878 That is a single counterexample simply because I decided to post a single one. Working in the firearms industry for years has shown me that if the ATF/FBI don't like what you are doing they can legally make your life hell. 'Someone' makes an anonymous tip, judge rubber stamps a warrant to search all your premises. Two parts from unrelated weapons in the same building, conspiracy to build a machine gun. What you don't understand is, you don't understand the full technicalities of the law and your adversary does. Does it really matter if they don't convict you in the end if you exhaust all your resources fighting them on lawyers? For those running IIS, use IIS Crypto by Nartac Software for a decent GUI on configuring your protocol and cipher options. As a web app developer focusing on applications in both oil and healthcare related apps for smaller businesses we disabled SSL3 early this year after XP was depreciated. The vast majority of our clients had upgraded to a newer version of Windows already, but a few stuck on XP were able to use Chrome or Firefox to access the programs. As for legacy clients, time to firewall them from the internet. They make the Internet a more dangerous place for everybody. If your device/program cannot be updated then it needs put on a vlan'd network segment. Breach after breach have shown that attackers will use any exploitable resource go gain a foothold inside your network. Your defaults would change every few months. BEAST attack comes out... Use RC4. Not long after.. RC4 is weak use GCM. GCM isn't supported on older versions of almost everything. Upgrade servers to 2012R2, latest versions of Linux, throw away your old phones, check out your legacy devices... Security isn't a question with a right or wrong answer, it's a question with the best answer for the available information and the clients you have at the time. And those answers are changing daily with all the research being conducted. Any input action that you do on their site will direct you to SSL. Though they should probably use HSTS and redirect all their users before hand. >I get a TLS fail (ssl_error_handshake_failure_alert) That happens to me when I am on one particular provider myself. It concerns me that those providers are doing something with https connections causing them to break on their site. While that would be nice, it doesn't fix the problem, that problem is If you are administering SSL enabled sites, you MUST keep track of latest security practices Why is that? If you add a new server with different defaults, do you a) update all the other servers to the new defaults, or b) set the new server to your existing configuration. Most server applications don't change defaults between minor versions because it leads to even worse problems. Such as users not updating because their application breaks and keeping old bugs alive. That's still pretty damn expensive. Ever leave a pot on the stove boiling and let it run out, the amount of precipitate is surprising. Do that on millions of gallons of water and you end up with a lot of material that needs cleaned often and isn't easy to get off. >Large flocks and communal breeding made the species highly vulnerable to hunting.[28] As the flocks dwindled in size, populations decreased below the threshold necessary to propagate the species.[81][82] Naturalist Paul R. Ehrlich wrote that its extinction "illustrates a very important principle of conservation biology: it is not always necessary to kill the last pair of a species to force it to extinction." The most important statement on its extinction. I looked in the logs on my public web server I host different sites on. I only found one UIDH record in my modsec_audit logs, but most worryingly it was it was for a personal injury trial lawyer. Made some records semi-anonymous. --eee7b544-A-- [25/Sep/2014:15:33:19 --0500] VCR8D6wUChkAAG-HuKQAAAAH 70.209.73.XXX 32675 X.X.X.X 80 --eee7b544-B-- GET /wp-content/uploads/2012/07/XXXXXXXXXXX.jpg HTTP/1.1 X-UIDH: MTU4NTI5Mjg3AKafKcbQqnDdCMuP+UbmoCyKvEu8MnDsqV0I+AQ2K/M+ User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 4.4.4; XT1030 Build/SU4.21) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/33.0.0.0 Mobile Safari/537.36 GSA/3.4.16.1149292.arm Host: www.XXXXXXXXX.com Connection: Keep-Alive Accept-Encoding: gzip I've stated it as 'survival of the fit enough' for a while now. The problem here is '10%' is a human measuring stick. The only measuring stick evolution has is human retrospect. You only get to see which 10% you were in after the outcome is known. That seems like a very silly analogy Steve made. By percentage, ya more autos were trucks back in the day, but there are more 'trucks' on the road than ever before. From small light duty trucks to gigantic semi's with an army of axles under them we are no closer to post-truck then we were when they owned the road. Email is for people who don't like reliable communication. Too many blackholes for your message to fall into. Too many spammers, I block 90% of around 100,000 messages a day. Too many servers use unreliable blacklists. No notification anything has gone wrong. >And smartphones don't override culture. What does override culture? Talking to the people around you? Newspapers? Books? Telephones? Peoples options? News? Culture: the arts and other manifestations of human intellectual achievement regarded collectively. If you don't think that an instantaneous audio/graphical communications device cannot be used as a means to effect culture you are highly confused about what culture is. Not really. Negative and positive events do not balance each other out. If your local authorities go help kittens out of a tree, feed the homeless, then savagely beat minorities it is not a zero sum game. People in a position of power abusing their authority can jade entire communities against trusting them ever again. If you work out all the time, would steroids have no effect on your body? Of course no one would say no to that, the steroids would enhance it even further. >In theory we would have safety experts analyze each road and come up with an effective speed that would be safe in optimal conditions That would be nice, but it's important to recognize that 1/4 of accidents are weather related. Often that is because they were going over the maximum safe speed at the time, even though it was below the posted speed limit. Per the NHTSA only somewhere around 10 to 15% of accidents are directly related to speeding, the most likely cause of an accident is inattention. Connectivity and security need to be considered the same thing on the modern Internet. XP is no longer supported, and that leaves it in a pretty dangerous position. A unpatched computer isn't just a risk to the user of that computer, it becomes a risk to everybody on the net as it tries to spread its latest infection. NCQ works well when many writers are trying to get access to the hard drive. Of course this works well, unless you attempt to do more IOPS than your drive array supports for a continued amount of time. At that point applications that require fsync or write barriers will get terrible performance due to latency , and you should re-evaluate your storage. Which is the whole point of queues don't fix overload. Because bots will commonly run on stolen computer time. The bot doesn't care how much of your computer processor it uses. How is that income figured exactly. I mean, doesn't every major movie seem to lose money even after raking in billions? I just don't trust any number from Comcast without a large volume of information on how those numbers were calculated. And at that, that doesn't explain how Comcast even stayed in business till that point? Were they allowed to install their networks at a loss? Are there costs artificially high? Are they claiming TV programming costs in their figures? No, not really. The US has had a massive amount of backhaul fiber, huge amounts of it stayed dark for years. That in turn dropped transit prices to almost nothing. Bandwidth at data centers and other places near transit hubs is very cheap. The U.S. problem is a last mile problem. >Stars are not a fundamental element of human life experience, just a nice but dispensable thing I'd have to disagree. If the sky were a black blank slate except for the Sun (and possibly the moon to make life necessary) a great deal of our technical innovation would be significantly different. Seeing and looking at the movement of stars has had a significant impact on mathematics in the world, and the understanding of our own planet. Seeing the stars themselves (and their chemical composition) tells us a very large deal about the universe we live in. http://xkcd.com/1425/ Probably sums it up best. like someone told the truth for once. >Judicial review seems to have become an all too regular occurrence used by people who don't like what a particular government is doing. Could it be because what the particular government is doing is ethically wrong. It's easy to look at the past and say 'why didn't people change these things, it's obvious they were wrong.', but then we look at judicial review and say, 'well, they are just giving the government trouble'. Don't you think that's exactly what the people that defended slavery would have said? Or the people that didn't want women to have voting rights? Or any number of anything we take as rights under the law? Google is a tech company, tech is seemingly outdated as soon as it arrives. They push the tech line of thinking everywhere they go, even if it doesn't belong. Why not both? Search is really easy if you have a corpus of static information. Search is very hard when you have a huge amount of information that changes, many people are looking for the newest information, and outside influences want to bias search in their favor for profit too. Almost every one of those books you find in the library is on the internet, the reason you're not finding them is payment. Publishers don't put their books for free in on the net, they want to make a living. Libraries on the other hand, pay publishers for the books, but only have a limited number of copies. You can probably access most of these books behind a paywall, but paywalls filter out search engines like Google. It is kind of silly comparing the modern internet to a library, because technologically, the Internet and computer wins by a large margin. Every book in my local library can be digitized and put on my computer, and I'll still have a huge amount of space available. My computer can make unlimited copies of that information. My computer can OCR the information and the content of the books can be searchable, something a physical copy library cannot do. I can share my entire library with everyone on the planet with an internet connection. I'll repeat, this is not a problem with webcrawling. It's a problem with financial incentives. Forking is the sexual reproduction of the software world. Yes, just like the living world it takes a lot more resources to reproduce in this method, you end up with a much larger number of variants. These variants can fill various niches, such as security, speed, or ease of use. Most variants will get neglected or die off, but many will succeed, and some may be reincorporated into the original project (cross-breeding). I'm pretty sure you didn't read my comment at all, "Most will die off" was there for a reason. Also, don't confuse a fork dying off with it becoming something completely different. >We have eyes: we can see who we're talking to And yet your security would still fail visual inspection if there was an evil twin brother. >Of course when you start mixing people and computers, your security is only as good as the weakest link (the computer). I disagree. It's almost always the human, except in cases where the human is very well trained in security. Most of the problems you talk about have analogs in the real world, and existed long before computers were at thing. Set most people in front of a camera and tell them to look for shoplifters. Set a trained specialist (or thief) in front of the same camera and they will far more often see the theft occurring. > but I don't see why the browser is singled out as something needing special legal treatment Does your calculator interact with anything else but your computer? Same with file manager (SMB excluded)? Now lets look at the browser, it interacts with different servers, via the HTTP protocol, and the documents they serve via many different technologies such as HTML, Javascript, Java, XML, Flash, along with others. 'Back in the day' Microsoft did a very strong push to tie IE in with Windows, then push developers to use ActiveX on websites so they would only work with Microsoft products. There was no HTML5 multi-platform interoperability, if you wanted to visit a huge number of sites (many government ones too), you used Windows on X86, and you used IE. Even worse, after the early versions of IE, they dug its hooks deep in to the operating system so it became WindowsIE, you didn't have one without the other. You're right, that's what people need to do. The problem? That's not what most people are going go do. Why? They will walk in to Walmart and see PooperScooperA for $100 and PooperScooperB for $200, will see the items have similar specs and buy A. Why they won't realize is A has DRM that only uses special expensive A packets. The packaging for A is going to hide this fact as much as possible . And you are right, it leaves that advertising to us to bitch, post, and yell about DRM wherever we can. Many people will complain about how tired they are about said posts. Some forums will even be paid off by manufactures to block such posts. No. Not exactly. You cannot both focus on the radio and driving at the same time with the equal amount of attention that a person who is just listen to audio while passively riding. It is not possible. Driving is not just visual clues, it is audio. Are my tires making the correct noise? Am I being honked at? Is that a siren I hear? Does the feedback from the road tell me about any dangerous conditions the road my present? There were over 30,000 traffic deaths in 2012. Over 5,000,000 automobile accidents. Yes, listening to audio while driving can be enjoyable, but it is a secondary task to not dying or not killing someone else. No, it's about control of your browser. In standard HTML a server sends you some text bits and data streams and your browser chooses what it wants to do with them. Save them, display them on the screen, ignore them, etc. With DRM the browser has to be specifically engineered to do not what you want it to do, but what the person sending the data wants it to do. This is almost always done inside of some kind of 'black box of digital magic', be it software or hardware. If you had control or insight of the black box it is likely you could subvert control of the encrypted media. Now I won't say that it directly enables control over your browser any more so than Flash does (Only 76 CVE's in 2014), but every black box is a point of attack for hackers. >There is a false assumption that IPv6 will make mass scanning like this impossible. Well, this is an IPv4 brute force search, so technically a IPv6 brute force search is still impossible. You are correct though, no one is going scan something that is 99% empty by brute force. It's unfortunate you are incorrect, statistically speaking. In general giving people a stable, appropriate calorie diet is the best way to increase IQ over a population. Poverty has a whole lot to do with that. Next, after you lift people out of poverty you still have the education problem. Uneducated parents don't have educated kids, statistically speaking. The first few years of life, before kids are ever sent to school define a person's learning capacity hugely. Babies that have working parents and have less personal care, less emotional closeness, and less exposure to a wide range of language are going to be disadvantaged to those kids that do. What's not wrong with them? Terrible write speed. Terrible read spead. Exceptionally low information density. High error rates. Short lifespan. Just wondering, would computer vision inspection systems fit in to the work flow listed above? I had a friend that worked for an electronics test equipment manufacture, some of the systems they had were pretty awesome. If a component were off center by something like 1/1000 of a meter the visual inspection system would flag a board for review. The sped that it could find defects was amazing. No human could hope to keep up, so every part on the line could be inspected. Old people are dependents too, the middle age people take care of them. In general hogs breed 3 to 4 times faster based on litter size. From Wikipedia on the first line of politics. >Politics is the practice and theory of influencing other people on a global, civic or individual level. So yes, ad serving clearly falls under that scope. > but our lack of understanding of the specifics makes it impossible to trust them for anything interesting. We can't tell when they might fail. Sounds like we're making 'people 2.0'. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reality_tunnel >The idea does not necessarily imply that there is no objective truth; rather that our access to it is mediated through our senses, experience, conditioning, prior beliefs, and other non-objective factors. The implied individual world each person occupies is said to be their reality tunnel. Even that is problematic, society and media take and manipulate terms outside of official channels. Words will differ greatly from their layman use versus their professional terms. People commonly work against their own self interests. People commonly vote against their own self interests. People commonly do stupid things. Yea, with the speed of SSDs increasing so quickly the speed at which a desktop computer can transfer a file and store it has greatly exceeded what gigabit can provide. At the SME level 10G is still too expensive to justify at this point for regular workstations. So the question is, how do we make a computer selfish. Natural Gas != Oil. These products might come out of the same well but do not track prices. All oil based products are less than 1%. Nat Gas is 27%, Coal 39%. >Perhaps I'm being dense in not seeing the issue here? Taking the technology out if it, it's a rather serious violation of advertising law, at least in the U.S. and Britain. Try to whitewash the issue with 'well it's still a good deal' is a poor way of looking at it because if not dealt with more fraud from the manufacturer is likely. Even though your value calculation was not changed by the revelation your experience does not encompass all experiences. The 3.5G split is certainly unexpected behavior. https://www.gov.uk/marketing-advertising-law/overview >If you want really fully guaranteed specs and performance, buy a workstation card Wrong answer. If you want guaranteed specs you and every other user file a complaint with your countries advertising standard. When a hefty fine is laid upon said manufacture the spec sheets will become amazingly accurate. >Why would they give a refund or discount in the first place? Because it will look better when they are investigated by the Advertising Standards Authority. Nvidia wants to frame this as an accidental non disclosure of a technical issue, they don't want you reporting this as fraudulent behavior. Everyone that bought a card, even if they are happy with it should file a complaint. You and I, as the consumer do not have the needed information to decide if we were intentionally or unintentionally deceived beyond Nvidias 'oops, sorry'. A proper investigation may go a long way to make sure we don't get an 'oops, sorry' on the next generation of products too. Everyone in this thread needs to take a step back from the technical merits of the card itself. This is an issue of deceptive advertising and every buyer of the card should report it as such. Take this for example. You go to the store and buy 1 pound of lean ground beef. You cook it, eat it, and it tastes great. A day later you find out that your beef was actually 90% beef and 10% horse. Were you harmed?, No. Is this a deceptive practice?, Yes. Customers in the U.S. should contact the FTC and in the U.K. the ASA so the manufacture can be investigated and appropriately fined. The advertising and spec sheets talk about 224G of memory bandwidth. Retailers posted the listed specs provided by Nvidia as part of their advertising. You can go on Amazon/Ebay and see it listed everywhere. It may be that the retailer gets the brunt of the flack, you can guarantee that the retailers will demand accurate specifications before accepting more of Nvidias product if they are held liable. So taking out the magnetron and putting a beamforming waveguide on it was a bad idea? Beams from my understanding https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamma-ray_burst#Energetics_and... A better question for the people that live there is 'are the cost of distributing the data artificially inflated?'. In my own county the costs of document scanning and record storage were in the 1 to 2 million dollar range for years. Oddly this coincided with the county commissioner having a husband that work for Xerox at the time, the Xerox office also handled the counties scanning and document storage. Amazingly after the time that commissioner was no longer in the office the contracts were renegotiated and the price dropped over 25%. The biggest issue I have seen working at the local government level for over a decade now is very few people without a stake in the game ever review the use of technology by the counties. Politics has far more sway than best practices. Working with landmen and title companies in Texas has taught me that even the best kept computer GIS records are probably wrong. This goes for regular property as well as mineral leasing. The amount of records for one sublease are simply staggering. We are currently doing a digitizing and OCR of historical well records from 1980 to current and the amount of paperwork fills a 40x30 storage building ceiling to floor. This is only for a few thousand wells. I've seen title searches for large families where there wasn't a will set up end up with a sack of near 1000 printed pages. Detangling property rights in areas with a lot of history, and mineral rights separated from land rights is a damned nightmare. Prices didn't drop, but oddly enough they were not excessively priced in the first place, as compared to many other counties. The operations of the records department are funded from the general fund and not self supporting. Still if you were purchasing many thousands of pages like someone in the data sciences would, the cost would be excessive. In retrospect probably one of the dumber things I've ever done is not keep 2TB of county records from 1850 to 2008 after a company closed down operations. There wasn't any particular reason I couldn't keep them, they were paid for and the company didn't sell them off after closing. The server was likely neglected for years after that and eventually formatted. Utility is having something work efficiently and effectively. Beauty is the art of making something pleasing and desirable to humanity. Engineering and architecture should aim to do both. When utilities are ugly they can depress the price of properties around them, making people less willing enable future needed projects. I mean, is your home a (subjectively) ugly gray box with no decoration. I mean the purpose of a house is to shelter you from the elements. >in the sense that stealing software/design isn't particular "evil", Stealing ideas may not be that evil. Stealing ideas, then rabidly attacking anyone who attempts to copy you does seem more evil. >It's not inevitable without additional burden of minimum wage increase Why not. Inflation doesn't increase on product evenly. If book sales prices do not inflate, but property and fuel costs do expenses increase but profits do not. >managers is stated as having a salary of only $28k. Which isn't a livable wage in SF, right? At some point businesses that can't survive cost inflation, either due to worker costs, government regulation, or energy cost must give up their space for those that can. > Someone will be out of work, or I'll be out of business, period. Incorrect, unless you're very inefficient and your competitors are efficient. If you are operating at maximum efficiently, you'll raise your rates to $14.50 and your customers will pay it or go without, no other competitor will be able to sell for less than that without losing money. It's more likely you'll go out of business because your competing businesses allocate their capital more effectively, surviving on smaller profit margins. At worst for the customer they will pay the same effective rate after the wage increase. >If you increase the minimum wage for the worker, all prices across a system will increase as the business must remain a going concern to compensate the increase. Only if the business employs a significant number of minimum wage employees. If a business is paying well above minimum wage no changes are necessary. This also neglects the dropping reliance on minimum wage workers for years. Automation and outsourcing to other countries had reduced costs for years. And yet every year inflation is adding 1 to 2% to costs while wages have been stagnant for 40 years, all the while companies are taking in record profits. http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/09/for-most-wor... Live by the margin, die by the margin. You do realize by changing the margins, you've only moved them somewhere else, not killed them off. Also, it's a strange metric to say business serviced by mostly middle income earners generates more happiness than a few hundred/thousands low end employees being able to pay their bills or afford slightly more. Which is really important, because right outside of the prison/jail you really want your phone to work if you see some guy in an orange jumpsuit running at you. >It also kills off entry level jobs and part-time jobs for teenagers. If we disregard wages, those are being killed off already. Health care, insurance, and automation and off-shoring have reduced the pool of low paying jobs greatly. If we raise wages, more jobs will be automated sooner. If we do not raise wages we have a subset of people that do not make enough to live, or live off government subsidies. Most of the rest of your argument is "Oh look at the poor buggy whip manufactures, they should be protected". >Buying and updating an MS product shouldn't be a gamble. They're supposed to be the conservative and stable big brother to the industry You can tell who's young around here. In the distant past you could have put IBM or Novel in that same blank 20 years ago. It wasn't till around the release of server 2003 that anybody thought that. Next, every product is a gamble these days. If you're connected to the net, you're at risk. Before exploits may have taken weeks or months to fully circulate, now 0-days are very common and other vendors release the exploit information they have on your products in 90 days or less. >Now just installing an Exchange rollup is asking for a complete reimaging Again, I'm not sure when Exchange didn't explode in the past either. >Teenagers aren't making a living from the job, they are gaining experience and getting some pocket money. Teenagers aren't making anything from the jobs now , they have been replaced by low skill older people who have been replaced by technology already. http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-03-14/how-to-fix-t... >This is just building a platform right above the water, and not building the paths up. Correct, Minimum income is one solution to this issue. How to fix the teenage employment problem is lower education costs or start apprenticeship programs to get them in to high tech jobs. We don't need 100 million toilet washers any more. >If technology kills the job, then that's how it goes, but governments doing it is another thing. Ah, so you're one of those. I see logic is already out the window. >In fact, it's a great deal more difficult, because now the attacker has to have an equally sophisticated voice recognition system at their disposal in order to interpret the intercepted data. Or you just pass the data to Siri or Cortana (or whatever microsoft is calling it). Protecting against hacking is defense in depth. If the database is well protected and monitored, attack the target that is not well protected and monitored. You may be confused about TIFF. Long after JPEG dies a horrible death some medical facility and some state ran organization are going to have a system that reads TIFFs that's been running for 30 years. But that's not really any different than any other medium. If there exists two copies of a book in different libraries and then one of the libraries burns down it's not any different. I mean we still talk about the library of Alexandria 2000 years later. I'm pretty sure any future archaeologist would quickly figure out the overwhelming number of rounded rectangles with glass screens had something to do with the decline of other media. Network cards? HDDs and power supplies are my most common deaths in the server room. Yea, many people look at SSDs with a dollar for longevity number, which is a terrible metric for them. In $ per IOP SSDs kill hard drives. The amount of IOPS you can fit in a 4U rack with SSDs is insane and destroys hard drive in performance per watt when you consider all the extra controllers, cases, and power supplies needed to get anywhere close to the same performance. >Well, I do have around 100k years of evidence that the ending of human life is not so easy We have 4 billion years of evidence that nearly ending life on Earth is easy and has happened multiple times. You would not be standing here today if that were not the case, the previous die off put the dinosaurs to the side and made space for mammals to become what they are. > It would be hard to argue that inequality increased between Based on averages, why would it be? Inequality does not measure where you are coming from, it measures the relative economic distance between groups now. We can all live better these days and yet have a far greater difference in wealth between the richest and poorest. Had a family member that worked for SPEA (test equipment manufacture). Said different government organizations would bring in boards with massively parallel sets of chips and input/output on them, like nothing they ever saw in any other field. They were expressly forbidden to take pictures of them. Between that and the massive data centers they are building I'm guessing they have rather impressive capabilities. But it seems unlikely that reducing the complexity will lead to more jobs, just better software at automating the task of making software so fewer people are needed to complete the job. Outside of computers this has been going on for decades in the FBI/ATF's drug and gun business. This is and has been the modus operandi for at least 30 year (that I know of) and probably far longer, and it works well. Get caught with a joint and they'll try to stick distribution on you (with 10+ year sentences) unless you narc someone out. Some with gun violations, they will think of 10s or 100s of very questionable charges and place them against you, threaten jail time in the centuries. Reminds me of the Aaron swartz case. And yet, if you've ever seen the charges the feds put against people it's not out of line. Lets say you commit one drug felony (transportation for example). Lets say you drive within 1000 feet of 3 schools and pass by a school bus going from point A to point B. Now you have 5 felony charges. What's worse is they will lie to you about the charges, for example if school zone violations are only an enhancement charge, they will put it as a separate charge forcing your lawyer to sift through the paperwork and find faults with them (agents don't get penalized for improper paperwork). >With consumer lines, they change components & suppliers any time, for any reason. I always love when the same model (down to the part number) comes with a different configuration and board inside the case. Browser plugins are easy to wipe out. When dealing with a rather persistent malware a few months ago, it had inserted a legacy policy for a proxy in the Windows registry in a place not commonly checked by malware scanners. You turn off the proxy settings, but at every reboot it would come back and nothing seemed to catch it at the time. Malware can inject things in to the local group policy and other places that are not commonly checked, such as the root cert store, making them very likely to be missed by tech support. >(there's a quote by Plato in Plato's Republic where he talks about how while you can create conditions for people to learn, the actual learning is a sort of madness) describe how their performance is something almost out of their control. They control the practice schedules, they do the hard training. The actual performance is something they surrender to. The conscious mind is like writing code, it's not easy to do, and takes a lot of thinking to get anything done. The subconscious mind is like the execution of compiled code. > Is it somehow better? Apple's magsafe and lighting adapter plugs are far better than USB connectors. They are reversible and don't have tabs to break off on the device side. http://cdn.ndtv.com/tech/images/gadgets/Samsung_Galaxy_S5_fl... If you look close at in the connector on this S5 you can see there are two separate 'tabs' that are rather fragile if you are not careful removing and inserting your power cable. I've seen these break on phones before. http://images.anandtech.com/doci/8554/DSC_1380.jpg The iphone connector has no small fragile pieces like that. Didn't Apple do just that with Antennagate? Marketing folk are both the biggest scammers and biggest suckers at the same time. Causality is not one of their strong points. I'm not sure about hardware RNG, but many if not most phones have sources of 'random' enviornmental data they can use to generate a random number such as cameras and phone movement. https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/42428/is-genera... $meaning = decode_string("I\'d say that being the son of a cop has its advantages in life \;\)" ; print $meaning; "They will never find the bodies." >Also bogging down the review process is a consistent glut of questions that are basically the same but posed in slightly different ways. I will say that this should have been predicted. Most questions are going to be affected by current popular culture or knowledge gained in school. Almost everybody has easy access to that data and therefore is the most likely to be used data to generate questions. Take stackexchange for example. Most questions that are asked these days are a rehash of a previously asked question. It's a function of Dunbar's Number https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunbar's_number Or, more sarcastically put, the Monkeysphere. http://www.cracked.com/article_14990_what-monkeysphere.html Hundreds of deaths is just a statistic because the vast majority of people only have close connections to a few people. We may have a strong emotional response if a child, a parent or a lover dies. We will have a response if friends and not as close family dies. But that response gets weaker in general as the the victims personal life is farther away and the less we relate with them. Trying to associate a logical response to become more emotional to an emotional event doesn't seem like the right answer either. I mean, why not skip the emotional response altogether and go full Vulcan? Instead of focusing on deaths, the better outcome to prevent events like this, or to get a deeper response from more people when a tragedy occurs focus on creating more relationships with the living. Instead of being isolated hamlets, cities, or countries reach out to the world and give humanity a reason to care when you die. >Efficiency is simply less important. "More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason — including blind stupidity." — W.A. Wulf DJB wasn't exactly wrong about TLS, it's been an unending source of security holes for a while now and everybody that's looking at the code expects more. Most of his work is actually dealing with encryption and pointing out flaws in implementations like DNSSEC (which provide no security to the end client). By that description, no popular software was working 'the UNIX way' in the '90s and '00s. I avoiding dealing with the abominations of Sendmail and Named for that reason. I know you're having fun showing off how easy it was to update BIND, but how many times have you had to update it since that time? Now how many times did he have to update the DJB name server? A load bar also made sense back then because pages actually loaded and then were complete. These days with async calls a page doesn't ever have to be finished, it can keep refreshing parts of its content, or be one of those never ending pages you run in to at times. Now you can never really be sure what a page is up to without looking at the code. I would assume he travels for work and uses rental car after reaching his destination by flight. I had a brother in law that commonly does that. And then a little while later the added revenue is lost due to more adblockers being used on their site. "We're going to make a door that's perfectly flat and seamless, and we're going to paint it white just like the walls. It's going to be the most awesome door ever and people will love using it." If web designers could actually stop and think about the virtual things they do in physical terms they might be able to see how foolish they're being, but I don't expect that to happen any time soon. Not sure what you're going on about here. The cheap EVO wrote at least 100TB, the PRO wrote 2.4PB. After working on home machines for years you rarely see drives that have anywhere near 100TB written in SMART. If you are writing that much data get the PRO edition and the warranty that comes with it. That depends on the crop. Most tomato plants picked commercially are short plants that have a relatively low density per meter squared (at least where I lived at in the mid-west). Now when I grow my own plants I can grow them at much larger heights and in higher densities than can be effectively machine harvested. Plants that I grow myself have a much higher yield than the average field crop, but at the cost of much more intensive labor. Simple answer, everywhere. Ever look up at the sunset and see the deep red colors in the atmosphere. That's the light reflecting off the dust. Some of it lands here, other lands there, and much of it lands in the ocean since it covers most of the surface of the Earth. Yes, a lot does go into the rivers (or at least used to), but there it is intermixed with all kinds of other materials, many of them dangerous for human health. Because the first page load is what matters most. I don't know of any service that allows wildcards for free. There's some decent science fiction written along these same lines. In 1915 radio is far more primitive than you are thinking and very few people had them. 'Talking pictures' had not even been invented yet. If you took a more technically minded person from New York perhaps, they may be able to wrap their head around what is occurring. If you took a farmer from the midwest they would be totally lost. WWI has not been going on long and the world is beginning a rapid set of changes from manpower to machine power. 1914 is commonly considered the end of the Steam Age. Next, it would be far harder for them to handle socially than strictly comprehensively. Think of the common language we use when talking to each other. People would almost be speaking your language, but they wouldn't be speaking it at all dude, post that to your blog and tweet it. Even common things like food would seem totally foreign, in the most literal sense. Foods were very regional and always made at the time of eating. Now you can get food from practically anywhere, anytime, frozen solid, and you can heat it up in magic beeping boxes with some kind of magic rays inside. Lastly, unless you were from one of the always on cities in 1915, the pace of the modern world would wear you down so quickly you'd be in a constant exhaustion. The rate of change we consider normal these days is unprecedented. The speed we travel. The copious amount we are expected to communicate with large numbers of people are not something that commonly occurred in that past. Now imagine a future where brain implants allowed to you instantly connect to devices or other peoples minds all around you. You could understand it, but the feed of information to and from you would likely be something your mind would have issues dealing with, such as privacy something we focus on quite often these days. At amazingly huge expense. It's way cheaper to re-string it every few years on the pole when it gets damaged then to avoid the myriad of other cables already underground. Before it got to who's pipe? ISP's have very little interest in filtering outbound traffic. Most clients have limited upstream, and they would have to pay for the expense of this filter. If you botNet 100,000 computers in different places each ISP they are on suffers very little, the target suffers a lot, and the carrier in between has very little interest in spending CPU time on fixing the issue. > I mean why would a search engine go as far as to make SSL a ranking signal? Because any number of 3rd parties have been injecting their ads and other crap as MITMs. SSL is a better, but not foolproof way to make sure the content you get was the content served by the remote server. There are botnets with hundreds of thousands of hosts in them. There are proxies and NATs with hundreds or thousands of users behind them. How do you balance those out? Calorie counting only works if someone else is counting for you. There have been multiple subjective finding, and full blown scientific studies that the vast majority of individuals cannot accuratly count calories. People will do things like put two tablespoons of something in their food and count it, but will not count the tablespoon they put in their mouth, they may not even fully realize they ate the tablespoon of food they did. When under recording dieters consistently underreported there caloric intake, mostly because of habitual dietary habits they are unaware of. 200 days at current usage. If the supply was cut off, of course, prices would go up and usage would go down. Prices going up would re-open a huge amount of U.S. production that is currently shut-in. Like the other poster said, lightning can be dealt with, but I'm very glad I don't have your problem. You are dealing with the worst possible combinations of landscape and expense. My honest answer is you need a specialist with the proper testing equipment measure the resistance to earth at your location. If it is very high you will likely need deep holes dug (reading about one mountain top location that needed 600' to get proper grounding, you shouldn't need anything that extreme). The combination of a chemical grounding system in a well shaft may overcome your grounding issue. But, without that proper ground any lightning protection on your tower is apt not to be the shortest path to earth and will likely fail. http://www.copper.org/applications/electrical/pq/casestudy/m... >then put that paper in landfills Shouldn't it be able to be downcycled cheaply? Like shredded paper products for things like insulation and other filler? Exactly. Q=32 Random 4k IOP reads are much, much faster than a queue depth of 1 on SSDs. On regular hard drives you might see a 200% speedup with a high queue depth, on SSDs you could see 1000-3000% speedup. Wouldn't it make sense to keep the same hardware for all of one series of tests except the SSD? "Of all tyrannies, a tyranny exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience." --C.S. Lewis Game mods are a minefield of adware, malware, and outright rootkits that compromise PCs. The Minecraft developers messed up a long time ago by doing two things. Not making mods easy to use and not having an official mod repository that offers safe downloads. Even the decent sites offering mod downloads have issues with ads laden with malware. If you are doing RAID, especially on a hardware RAID card consumer drives generally don't support TLER. This means a consumer drive will sit and try to read a bad sector again and again for long periods of time. You'll notice this on desktops when a drive is getting bad sectors that it will pause 30 or 40 seconds at a time. In a RAID setup it's better to fail fast and mark the drive bad for replacement, but the consumer drives don't send the hardware/OS the information it needs to do it quickly. No, not exactly. People behave differently when they believe there will be consequences for their actions. I may troll because there is almost zero repercussions to the action online. You see the same action in large crowds. A few people in a large crowd can easily start a riot by realizing their individual actions are not likely to be punished. DPS and the local PD used to race from the center of our town to the 24hr diner on interstate in our town at 3 am. Why, no one ever reported them. That's why you pay attention to the people in the media that are good at distributing this kind of stuff and pass it to them. Hey, I'm getting paid for each piece of straw I look through here, add more stacks! I may be mis-remembering here, but isn't Akamai on a special whitelist in firefox and chrome not to complain about CBC use? https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/viewClient.html?name=BingPre... >There have been 0 matches with over 12,000 tests. I really don't believe their number of matches. Why... We're on the Internet, it's full of trolls. I'm sure any number of people will have taken the test at two different locations and answered the questions the same, just to get a match. I don't believe their no matches counter. We're on the Internet. The first thing some Redditor or 4chan'er did was take the test from two different places and answer the questions the same way. Too bad it's mostly driven by marketers trying to make us more anxious about what we don't have. "Don't have the newest Timmy the Dinosaur toy? Your parents don't love you any more!" The browser isn't exactly wrong for triggering those 'terroristic' behaviors. If there is one single http bit being included and rendered on the https web page then the entire security of the page is rendered useless if there is a MITM attacker between you and the source. That single http bit can include whatever the attacker needs in javascript to redesign the page to steal content and provide tampered content. >What I don't understand is what is the cost to an ISP of switching From what I've heard from cable companies is Cisco. They've had many issues with Cisco interop IPv6 on HCF networks. Yes, all kinds of things are illegal or banned because people will choose to do the wrong thing before the right thing. >n auto-car may arrive with dog droppings, vomit, trash in the back seat with slashed upholstery and condom wrappers. How is that going to be managed? Civil fines. Record the cars under use. When people don't clean them they receive a cleaning bill at the end of the month. When they don't pay it, they don't ride. When the car is dirty have it dispatch back to the management facility for cleaning and insurance documentation. Uh, what kind of SSDs are you buying that you're having that kind of failure rate (god please don't say OCZ). I've been using Samsung and Intel SSDs for years now with failure rates below the failure rates of WD drives (and well below Seagate failure rates). >The police, on the other hand, want... someone to get arrested so it looks like they are doing a good job so the chief gets off their back, the chief wants this because re-election is coming soon and doesn't want to look weak on crime. Neither one of them can go pick up some random black guy for the crime any longer without too much media attention so 'forensic' evidence is what they try to use today. > There's nothing to prevent people from posting arbitrary e-mail lists to pastebin, with purported matching passwords Your password is: xttp://someporn.site.the/spammer_wants_you_to_visit There is plenty of innovation. Integration is the hard part. >Many of us build and scale applications far larger than this. In general you do so with a huge corporate budget. >Building another community like this is high risk and low reward maybe? That's the answer. You only have a few ways to monetize the product. Direct advertising; banner ads. The ad market is going to crap though, everyone has them, large numbers of users block them, and payments are very low. Direct payments for features. Reddit has 'Gold' as a means to get premium features and help pay for the site. The other way that has been bandied about, but with no direct evidence that it occurs is indirect advertising. For example a movie star paying for an AMA to advertize for their new film. Even then those things only work if you can get the people to come to your site in the first place. It's highly likely a large number of social sites have a good deal of vice in their founding. People come to the site looking for porn or other somewhat socially unacceptable topics, but end up staying for the other parts of the community. As the site grows you run in to the inevitable 'great purge' which can cause serious issues. You may be forgetting that Reddit was built on the same 'shit'. A huge portion of the real content of Reddit was porn and other repugnant topics. The admins of the time faked a huge portion of their posts to form communities around them. Trying to grow a site to Reddits size on IIS? That won't end well. With things like wireless units of all sorts, a short lifetime is better for everyone. Protocol improvements tend to allow better sharing and utilization of the same frequency every few years, along with faster speeds. The issue is one old device can slow all the newer devices down. Could you possibly believe many of those same people also post here?! HN would just flag and ban you for saying it right off that bat. Most people you know are in some form or fashion, an asshole. They quietly be a racist, sexist, nationalist to an extreme, have a fetish far beyond the norm, or other strange or socially unacceptable behavior. They just don't personally show it to you to avoid the judgement. It just seems like there are a whole lot more of them on Reddit because Reddit doesn't silence them. Let that settle in for a little bit. It's the anti-gay pastor that gets caught with a man, for example. That said, people are allowed to show their more negative sides without any repercussions things can become problematic and the more extreme can take over a community if enabled. >I think I can survive quite a while without the search engine The search engine that holds the vast majority of the worlds traffic? The search engine that everyone is going to call on minutes after the earthquake to get news, but isn't going to be there so all the other search engines slow to a crawl. If Google search just disappeared for a week there would be a considerable number of businesses go out of business. You see it now in one off cases where a site is delisted and its traffic drops 99%. That said, Google has datacenters around the nation and the world so that scenario is unlikely. If the quake is strong enough to down a modern skyscraper you are even more likely to be violently vivisected by large panes of glass coming out of their frames and hurtling themselves at the ground at terminal velocity. From what I've read about seismology you are on the right track. It is likely simpler to create an earthquake by water injections along a fault then it is to make 'boom' and hope something works. The big issue here is the control portion. If a fault has been building pressure for hundreds of years it is unlikely that we will have any certainty on what needs to be done to trigger only a earthquake of size X. Most likely we can start a quake, but if there is enough strain on the crust already the shaking will feedback into the crust causing further slippage down the fault. Nothing like a cascade failure to make an already stressful project into a terrifying experience. I think you're confused on how Reddit works. People visit Reddit because of the huge amount of content being posted, and reposted, on the site. A very small percentage of the userbase does that. If that small percentage of posters move away from Reddit a very large percentage of the 'silent majority' will follow them. Reddit has a hold of nothing. There is little cost to moving to a new site. With Facebook you will lose your personal contacts that you likely know by name, with Reddit you only really know most people by aliases. Popular things like AMAs and Ask(whatever) work because of mods working for free. Good luck keeping that going by pissing your mods off. Reddit is somewhat lucky because the lack of competitors in the sphere because it is difficult to monetize the user without driving the user off. Repeat after me: Reddit is not a content provider. Your Cable/TV company buys content and resales it to you. Reddit does not buy content. The content of Reddit is provided by, moderated by, and upvoted by the users. You can treat them like a consumer, but it is at your own peril as they quickly wander off to other sites. Social sites like Reddit do not fit nicely in to the little boxes businesses like to make when predicting profits. "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!" -Upton Sinclair The Agent Smith problem. Right now if an entity in meatspace wants to copy itself it has to breed, and for anything complex the copies are not the same and have to go through a growing process. With copy teleportation it's not really any different than Ctrl+C/Ctrl+V on your computer. As long as you have the energy you can build entire armies of yourself. There many be plenty of good scenarios for this to happen but I can think of far more downsides. No, you may want to run multiple threads, most people want to use their computer. Most people are not limited by their CPU (or even memory these days), the limits are IOPs which an SSD can help with or the speed of their internet connection. Most computers can run 2 or 4 threads at the same time already. Just look at your average Windows computer, even when it's busy, it's probably because 1 core is in use and the program doesn't multithread in a decent manner because it is very hard to program that way. Almost any modern desktop you buy (heck even phone) has around 4 cores, it's been this way for years now. After that point the average user doesn't see any particular gain in adding more cores. An 8 core machine really only helps power users. Most users are not running hundreds of threads, look at most your applications, they may have any number of threads running, but only one or two are ever loaded with data. This is the serial world we currently live in. >A 40GbE switch is Huh? Show me a 40Gbe switch for that much per port. The cheapest I see is around $500 per port, plus you need the cabling which can be from $200-$300. Though I agree, I'd rather pay more for the more reliable speed. Windows 10 has a metered internet connection option, I've not messed with it, but it may deal with this in one way or another. I would still be concerned that a 'trivial' exploit in another browser, that would normally not lead to exploitation could cause a problem. For example user tricks chrome in to saving a file in a non-standard place, Explorer reads file and executes payload while displaying preview. With other recent news releases about insiders being fired in internal affairs departments for findings against the police, I believe, we must assume that the police are self-policing in their own right. >What underlying qualities does height clue us in to? Possibly more than you think. http://content.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,1820836,0... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrison_Bergeron Well, mostly because it would make discussing anything difficult and meaningless. And, in that case, if we wanted to talk about the about the largest nuclear 'accident' involving the most deaths, we'd discuss coal burning power plants. Experts in what? Where I work the actual IT staff/server admins are pretty safe. They update, patch, and in general choose good passwords. The programmers... ugh, good lord. They have the worst practices ever. The way I like to word this is.. "The evidence supports eating foods that are balanced in their portions of carbohydrates, protein, and fiber". This (long) lecture by Steve Simpson illustrates this rather well. [Law of the locust: a tale of swarms, cannibals, ageing and human obesity] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rV7zAGdbyA >consumers who are quality-insensitive That is one benefit of the modern internet. As a customer that is quality-sensitive about many products, I can 'evangelize' to insensitive customers and attempt to bring them into the fold and start demanding better quality products, thereby increasing the quality I receive from the product myself. A large amount of programming problems are not getting a program to do a certain thing, it's that nobody knows what that certain thing is they want it to do. Companies are pure capitalistic enterprises that respond to market demand right? Right You can imagine if meth or other addictive drugs were legal thst they would be in our drinks (which is the exact history of Coke). Modern food engineering is about maximizing consumption, even at the detriment of those consuming. SSDs may have issues with long term 'disuse', as in you unplug the drive and leave it on the shelf, data loss may occur. With most tapes you can put them in cold storage and they should last decades. Won't be long till the network is the bottleneck again. 10Gb is still relatively expensive for the end user, and 40 and 100Gb are out of reach for most budgets. >There's virtually no barrier to entry Wouldn't having the upfront capital to buy another house be the first barrier to entry? Buying a second house these days is much more difficult than say 10 years ago. >How exactly is it that you think landlords can ignore all of the above and charge unfair rents? Because if you don't have a down payment you can't get a loan to buy a house. So you rent, but you are also competing for a rent house from the other 1.2 million Americans that lost there in 2008 and are not likely to be able to buy a one since then. This pushes the balance of ownership to the rentor, they can now build up large down payments for second, third, or more houses that the people with higher rents can no longer save to reach. Renting farther away or worse units isn't necessarily a reduction in costs, for example driving farther is, in fact, not free in time or gas. >Information is freely available via To both parties. Which means, and has been happening that one landlord decided to go up in price and the others followed because that person was successful in doing so. Most renters will stay where they are even if prices go up because moving has large physical, monetary, and opportunity costs. Even if 50% of the rent is what would be considered cheap it will remain at 100% capacity and rarely show up on the market. >millenials prefer to live in cities, where there is a higher density of jobs and similar people lets focus on something else here too... A millennial is very likely to be working in an job that high speed internet service or connectivity in some manner. It is much more expensive or impossible to get these in rural areas. For example 'digital media worker' > 'large files' > 'good internet service' > 'urban area'. If you've ever been out in the country and had 1.5Mbit down 768Kbit up DSL and tried to work on it, it's extremely frustrating. Even though the rents much cheaper, you'll go broke trying to live there. Before the housing crash being a landlord was a bad deal, practically anyone could go to the bank and get a new house. We are on the other side of the pendulum from the housing boom currently. Yep, PC86 didn't take in effect the 'risk' factor. Some renters are highly destructive to property and you will never recoup losses from them. A significant policy change by the government can change the metrics that home buying is a better choice for your renters. A significant change in local behavior makes that neighborhood worthless to rent from. >If someone finds a way to produce addictive drugs from yeast then a whole new ball park could be opened up in the war on drugs. More like a whole new ballpark in the devastation of human rights. How exactly do you fight against this without a totalitarian police state? The gene labs could be anywhere in the world, bringing a new strain in would be as simple as tiny sealed pocket in just about anything you could imagine. Would the yeast itself be considered illegal? How much would be, a few micrograms? And this is just the early days of gene manipulation. Way better and more potent combinations will be made at some point, because even though it may be 'somewhat' difficult, there is a lot of money to be made. Which turns back to the government now monitoring everybody that has knowledge and ability in the genetics world since they could be a drug manufacture. Future will be an interesting place. Once the proper genes to make this work are identified by one group, how hard is it for another group to replicate the results? I'm just wondering when drugs are created with this method if bioengineers will be able to 'easily' create reproductions of the yeast by following a template of the process, or if people in their footsteps will be mostly using clones of their original work. Oh I certainly agree with that, unfortunately a sizeable portion of the population doesn't. A significant lobby base in the U.S. fights actively against legalization and will throw tons of money at the current racket too. >was that humans have so far been able to compete with technology Once a ditch digging machine was created, the machine outcompeted humans in that niche, humans were still by far better generalists. A better way of looking at this would probably be systems biology. Machines started as the corollary of a specialist lifeform. More and more they are evolving into a generalist lifeform. As they become more generalist they will directly compete with a larger population of the humans. This will push more people into specialist roles in society. Any specialist lifeform runs the risk of extinction if the environment it depends on is significantly altered or disappears. The strange thing is that is well understood in biology, but for some reason when we apply it to people we think it doesn't work that way. Most people are limited in their ability to significantly retask. If you think you'll take a bunch of 50 year old accountants and turn them into (good) computer techs for the 15 years before their retirement, I would guess it won't go so well. As the rate of change increases because of technology this becomes a bigger and bigger problem as specialisation takes time to achieve and by the time you become well learned the entire field you are in could be automated. >"Technology has created more jobs than it has destroyed, says 140 years of data" "Past results are not indicative of future performance" We can't compare the last 200 years of human to the past 20,000. For example 66 million years ago the dinosaurs had already lived around 140 million years. In another million they would be dead because of exceptional conditions. Everyday in which we live in modern society is an exception condition based upon both the rate of change in human knowledge and rate of change in the environment. As to your first statement. If I own the machines why should I keep you, that are now unnecessary, alive and instead live in super luxury with a few million people on the planet. >No chance of running in a "Windows 7 compatibility" mode that allows the DRM to keep working Wouldn't a virus just try to run itself in compatibility mode? I'm not exactly sure how that would be scripted, but I could see a multi component attack using a method like that. >There is still plenty of room to grow and improve. Africa and Asia have huge amounts of land that are nowhere as dense as the US, let alone Europe. You might want to re-think that. Places where people do not live are generally like that for a reason. How much fresh water is there? Do we really want to have more places on the planet under water stress? Do we want to ship water there? Is it hot as hell there? How much of a persons income is needed to survive with modern conveniences? What is the carbon cost of living there? >We need to rethink how money is created and distributed. That has to happen, but will it happen? For example, after the horse was replaced by the car, did we keep millions of horses around? No, there numbers dropped significantly. If technology can truly replace huge numbers of people, the people left with the capital may think that getting rid of huge portions of the population is a valid outcome. The truly scary thing is it may actually be a valid answer. >I have no doubt we can create more office-based bullshit roles to offset the bulk of those losses In the U.S. we are creating software to get rid of those tasks. Yes, we'll hire a few programmers to make the software, and then cut 20 or 30 people out of an office. They don't get hired back. The company puts that money in the pocket of the owners. Every year the hardware and software gets cheaper to produce too. A rabbit in Australia, circa 1788. The biggest issue with our era of technological growth, is we really have no idea if it is sustainable socially or ecologically over periods of time. If we take human social structures out of current growth and look at the 'people like to work and create to survive issue as an individual' we can easily destroy the world around us. This occurs all the time in biological systems. The great oxygen catastrophe is a prime example. Each individual bacteria produced oxygen in order to survive. This worked fine for around a billion years. The bacteria had no means to realized that free iron and other rocks in the crust would absorb their byproduct only for so long. Once the saturation point was reached free oxygen filled the atmosphere and essentially poisoned the Earth for a time. The question is, 'is there a technological saturation point'? How quickly will technology continue to grow even if it is poisoning the social structures it was built on? Will people and society adapt quickly enough? You don't drink lake water without further processing... Or at least you shouldn't if you want your insides to remain that way. Well water has an enormous range of taste, wholly dependent on a number of factors, including the soil/rock type that the well is sourced from. >Things get fixed much faster than you think. Because things were working other places. Example 1: your town catches on fire and every building burns. Everybody leaves your town, or people from other towns bring you supplies. Example 2: Every town catches on fire and every building burns. There is no where to go. People from other towns are in the same situation. You run into the bootstrap problem. Everybody needs the resources to get going again, but there will not be enough resources to get everybody going at once. If you don't get the resources to get going quickly you might die of starvation or exposure, so you're willing to fight for them. Who gets the resources? Reminds me of this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrison_Bergeron Eh, might as well compare apples and oranges and expect it to describe a banana. Most animals that live well over 100 years have a very low metabolism. For example turtles and tortoises. Other living organisms that have biological immortality are generally simple creatures. As in all the components of the creature can be replaced and the creature doesn't change in function. Fish, for example can live hundreds of years, but their biology is considerably different than a mammals. That said, whales and alligators can have extremely long lives. It may be that water acts as sunblock and reduces the amount of UV damage allowing life to continue much longer than most land animals. The key is 'or better'. And no, even with the best modern (as in today) medicine you have no chance of 130. The convergence of accruing damage along with DNA that is not optimized for such long life puts a lot of pressure on the older body. It is very likely that the solution to the age 'problem' will occur at a much younger age with genetic manipulation to avoid or prolong the issues that occur at old age. The question then becomes, if you manipulate your DNA, are you human, or a human subspecies? > It is going to happen and it will be great, but do you have enough money to play long enough till it happens? I think this can also be said as "The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent". Even more important, 305 bytes is only a small part of a packet. Much less chance of a packet needing retransmitted on a low/poor quality connection. > but typically my assumption would be that the person who is "better" or more experienced with certain things are getting the more difficult cases, You sure about that? I also use my experience to filter out clients that are going to be a huge pain in my tail. When I was less experienced I ended up with some jobs that were huge messes because I didn't see the warning signs. Now that I can better predetermine the work involved I can choose not to take the job, or I can correctly tell the client the job will be much harder than it actually appears to be. >Some landlords will install a £100 smoke alarm when they realize that they can get real-time notifications that one of their buildings is on fire. Not even on fire, maybe people are smoking inside when they aren't suppose to be. Maybe someone burns their food commonly and that needs investigated before they burn the whole damn place down one time. I can see lots of reasons for that. >Do we know that all human-caused fires would still have occurred "naturally" if the humans hadn't been there? Does lightning stop happening if people are gone? http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2FBF01998581 >So, in the craigslist example, many American people are afraid because there is overwhelming evidence that Is there evidence, or media reporting well beyond the actual rate of occurrence? http://www.ted.com/talks/derek_sivers_how_to_start_a_movemen... "With help from some surprising footage, Derek Sivers explains how movements really get started. (Hint: it takes two.)" Well, a calculator is more powerful than a human at most types of mathematics. Machines are more powerful than humans in all kinds of tasks. It's probably better if we start breaking AI into the tasks that it can do better than a human can, that way we get to watch the milestones fall one by one. I don't know much about monopolies, but, didn't Microsoft get in trouble for creating one? Also, back in the days of trustbusting were there not penalties for such actions? Is it in anyway against the law to do what they did? I can't answer these questions... but what the eye of the press can do is look deep into all of his practices and if there is anything illegal going on it my get noticed far quicker. >What if the company stops making the drug, then? The price is high because no other companies are willing to make it for lower, after all. Nope, don't force the company to make it. Force the company to give the formulation to another company that will. This article states the reason it is able to be priced so high, at least for a time, is that other companies will have to reverse engineer it and get a line running. Take out the time of getting the product formulated right and the original holder has to think about the ramifications of any shenanigans they will attempt to pull. >There used to be a distinction between services offered on the web and apps running on the desktop (spyware, illegal). Windows 10 changed all that I don't think you've paid much attention, but that had changed long before Windows 10. This is just Microsofts big foray into that dark market. For years other companies have done the same thing. Coal... Or I should say lignin was once like plastic. Nothing could break it down, and huge coal formations were formed because of it. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/mushroom-evolution... But, nothing lasts forever. There will come a day when plastics can be broken down much more easily than they are now. Hey Suddenlink, Facebook is talking to you. Your neglected beta time is up, time for results. >Were they really designed from the ground up without IPv6 support? Yup. It is simply amazing how many things I see devs push out that hard code badness (such as php ip2long, as an example). Intrusion detection that only will correctly resolve and send IPv4 to automatic firewall rules. Interfaces that truncate IPv6 addresses so information is lost. Who knows how many security problems are potentially added by this code that expects one thing and can get something else. >IPv6 communication is likely to occur using newer network devices For cable modems it generally means moving to DOCSIS 3 supporting equipment, which yes, is generally faster. Not just bombs but every other type of contraband. Guns and drugs are the ones you commonly think of, but animals and plants can be a bigger problem, especially when you look at it in the international level. Welcome to science. First rule, exponential growth is not capable forever. Second rule, duplicating what is already there is far easier than creating something new. The second rule is what is important. All of our 'innovation' from 1750 to 1950 was because we decided to interact with the world using the scientific method. Once we started correctly classifying observations and experiments we quickly learned the limits of physics. Light speed is light speed and there is no getting around it. Instantaneous communications over long distance is not possible. The problem we have is non scientists attempted to make predictions of the future with no understanding of how reality works. This gave us the incorrect expectation that we could use unlimited energy forever. Just using more and more energy to get the job done is not innovative. With all the easily observable gains taken early, the things we do now are highly innovative, but require massive amounts of data to do. The reduction in the amount of energy required to accomplish a task will be the legacy of our century. To put this another way, most of medical advancement is because of computing advancement. Simply put, the amount of information processing that must occur before a medical advancement is discovered is beyond what humans with paper and pencils are capable of. The story of our future is the story of the computer. The human body is chock full of limits. So much so that you are using electrons modulated at different voltages to communicate to another person instead of using analog mouth vibrations right now. The story of humanity is one of using tools to surpass those limits. Now as our technology advances we can understand the nature of human limitations, and possible novel ways of overcoming them, such as gene therapy or direct brain to computer interfaces. There is also the possibility that we will create our replacement capable of surviving the harsh realities outside of our comfortable planet. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Filter You're assuming morals can be overcome. Information complexity may simply be an obstacle that cannot be overcome. At higher energy levels technical and societal change may simply be too dangerous, and to survive long term societies must lock themselves into a steady state where innovation is actively quashed. Is that even an argument though? A better way to say the same thing is "Easy problems get solved first". Or another way to say it "You aren't going to spend a billion on a problem if you solve it in 10 million". What we have here is a measurement problem. For example looking at curing polio and curing AIDS as one issue is disingenuous, it tells us nothing about the complexity of the actual problem we are solving. To cure AIDS we may have to solve many hundreds of different problems, many of them usable in other applications. >. We can't evaluate the "hardness" of the problem Yes we can. Cure polio, attempt to follow the the same steps to cure HIV, if it doesn't work it is a harder problem. It is easy to determine the minimum hardness of a problem by attempting the solutions we already know. What you are confusing is the maximum potential hardness of a problem. Which is why economics is not a science. >we essentially got really lucky with the female hormone pill that it works at all. Not quite as lucky as you think. The female reproductive system runs in cycles and is in many different states at different times. We happened to figure out how to use the switches that nature already has. Men, on the other hand, have one state. On, all the time, from puberty till death. “Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.” >is because of IO Having moved to very fast SSDs and ramdrives in some cases, it amazes me how many applications can't take advantage of them. It's terrible when you have an app that appears to be IO bound on disk and move it to fast drives only to get a 2x speedup, while even a single cpu core isn't maxed out. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plea_bargaining_in_the_United_... >Plea bargaining in the United States is very common; the vast majority of criminal cases in the United States are settled by plea bargain rather than by a jury trial.[1][2] They have also been increasing in frequency—they rose from 84% of federal cases in 1984 to 94% by 2001.[3] Also note judges don't have to accept plea bargains. 1. If you have a decent SSD in it, W10 may be faster. It seems to run very well on SSDs. 4. Yes, for 1 year the upgrade is free. After that point you have to pay for the upgrade, just like to upgrade from Windows 7 to Windows 8 you had to pay for an upgrade license. 5. Other than Microsoft's weird ideas on how they will push out updates that may affect your privacy it seems to work well enough in the industries I've tested it in. If you have any older 'expensive' software you may want to verify that it is compatible before migrating. The article requires a subscription or other annoyances, but I wonder if it related to this... http://www.forbes.com/sites/alexandratalty/2015/11/03/skyroc... >According to a new study, the number of 25 to 34 year old living with housemates increased by a whopping 39 percent from 2005 to 2015, from 5.7 to 7.4 percent. >A fail-safe or fail-secure device is one that, in the event of a specific type of failure, responds in a way that will cause no harm, Key statement "Specific type of failure". In theory any particular piece of large software has tens of thousands of fail safes in it all ready. For example, when you send an oversized buffer to an application with input checking it does not explode in a ball of flame (unlike programs from the '90s) and warns you about the problem. But that is where the analogies break down between mechanical items and software, software is far more connected internally than almost all other machines are. The end user doesn't care about the correct thing, they just want their web browser to work and to not break any other applications in their operating system. Working and not breaking other stuff is 'the correct thing', being secure is also 'the correct thing' so the culmination of these two leads to 'the browser contains all the libraries it needs'. This whole forking crap is exactly the last thing the end user wants or needs to care about. Are you saying Coca Cola is not attempting to get a soft drink monopoly? You should be a convenience store owner and see both the battle between them and Pepsi and the demands they put on their customers for preferred pricing. What happens when we start replacing men with electronic minds? There is a particular class of problems of a 'machine economy' where machines produce products for machines, the machines can use the economic product more efficiently (at making the capital owners more profit), and humans are cut out of the loop. The last chapter of the essay points out the issue, not that machines take jobs, that machines can and will evolve faster than their human counterparts can causes issues with employment certainty, something that is very dangerous for economies. History does not tell you about new things. For example, how will technology affect the outcome of war. Evolution is another such thing. You're poisonous caterpillar that no one can eat, you prosper, then suddenly you get decimated by a bird that can stomach your poison. Did someone say FOOF?! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dioxygen_difluoride http://www.ptonline.com/articles/how-to-choose-use-metal-sep... >Eddy-current separators use a different approach to magnetic separation: They “repel” nonferrous metals. These powerful magnetic separators “kick-out” the nonferrous metallic products or contamination being conveyed while allowing other materials to continue in the flow. Eddy-current separator systems contain high-speed, powerful rare earth magnetic rotors and are available in a range of configurations. These often include vibratory pan feeders, adjustable splitters, high-speed conveyors, hoods, and even suspended magnets to remove ferrous metals that may also be present. That's my guess. >but I assumed that what is being referred as a 'land line' today is really a VoIP home phone. That does bring a few interesting questions. Does a land line count as a 1. Copper pair from the telephone company, or other fully dedicated digital service? 2. Hybrid service, such as VoIP to a provided CPE such as service commonly provided by cable companies? 3. VoIP only services that can be run on any compatible wired or wireless device? Number 1 is going away as fast as possible, and just about everyone wants the service to go away too, it is massively expensive to operate from a value proposition. There are a few users who do rely on its ability to keep working under failure conditions such as mass power outages and that equipment using it has been around quite some time and is well tested. Number 2 is the most common new rollout I see the work environments I am around. The cable company offers service at less than half the cost of the telco here. No long distance fees and fast provisioning have lead to massive migration from businesses looking at reducing communications costs and consolidating their communications billing by one invoice or more. That's an interesting, yet opposite, correlation from the article. http://www.theverge.com/2015/7/15/8965409/us-internet-access... Of course it could mean that people living in broadband poor regions with poor cell service are the new 'unreachables'. They don't have reliable land lines, and their cell service is spotty. This in itself is a worrying theory as people with times of service unavailability are much more likely to remain in poverty, many types of jobs poorer people work have on demand scheduling where their hours are changed commonly. Being unreachable they may quickly find themselves fired. >This is much better approach than securing all services and system deamons run on a server. Um, no. You should absolutely be doing both. Defense in depth is the only way to remain secure in failure of any other component. A firewall WILL NOT PROTECT YOU FROM THAT. For example, you just put on the firewall and leave a daemon running on localhost as root. The firewall allows connections from localhost by default (as most do). An attacker finds a hole in your webserver and is able to run scripts in the httpd context. The script makes a connection to the daemon on localhost, exploits it, and now has root privileges. With root the attacker modifies the firewall rules to allow access. You are now fully exploited. Had your daemon been secured they would have only been a takeover of httpd and daemon accounts and not a full system compromise. Privilege separation is extremely important. >How can you make a software intentionally insecure and then also bind to all interfaces by default? In the last 20 years I've been working on systems, that is the default on way too much. It's only been in very recent history that things come more secured by default. In the past popularity was strongly correlated with ability to set up. 'Works by default with no security' is really easy to setup and reduces the number of complaints that "product is too hard to use, when with $x product instead". >For many of us, a NAT is considered a feature not a bug in fact. What? Nat is always a bug with a hack piled upon hack upon hack. The amount of crap that needs done to get ip2ip communications working and other multiport protocols is stupid and introduces piles of security risks. Protocols like uPNP have produced a plethora of critical exploits allowing an attacker full access to the NAT'ed network. Firewall controlled IPv4 with a 1:1 ratio of ip to host is always much easier to control the security risks with. Everyone else simply uses NAT because they have no other choice, there simply isn't IPs in the 4 address space to do whats needed. So yet again we have a implementation tragedy where everyone would be better off with it working, but no one will do it, leaving us with a hulking crapsack we are used to in every aspect of our life. Further reading: http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/30/meditations-on-moloch/ >this is not a problem with redis but a configuration/ops problem instead. Default system wide failure is a redis problem. Any modern daemon should come with configuration files that a) don't allow the application to run as root unless uncommented by user action, and b) bind to localhost. Further configuration should be necessary to break the system as thoroughly as this user did. >Because tapes are much less fragile than hard disks, In 'single serve server' configurations, such as small businesses, tapes work well because administrative rather than technical staff can replace the tapes daily reducing costs. If the tape is ejected then the user knows it safe to put the next tape in. If there is a failure the software itself can notify a systems administrator. With hard drives a non technical user has no idea if the disk is still mounted and live, leading to corruption issues if it is removed. Why are the operating system supplied backups so terrible when there are really good examples to build from? That said, in Windows 8+ the file history (not a full system backup, but a user data backup) seems to work well enough at keeping history and not filling up the backup drive. In general taking one system image from the original install gets you back up and running well enough. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anoxic_event Good luck with all your coal plants. If anyone else knows it's there or to even look for it. Never underestimate your local law enforcement's ability to go 'yup, it's a suicide' right off the bat and not look any further. Because any cloud based accounts are apt to be secured with strong encryption and passwords your friends may not be able to gain access to your accounts. I return at least a few hard drives that have failed for customers that are still under warranty per year. I tell them they can send the unit back or can pay me a little to send it back. Quite a large percentage of them just give me the drive and don't worry about it. People, in general, hate dealing with warranty returns. For many items you have to follow pretty specific instructions to avoid your warranty being declared void. >Why not just always use the more accurate system? Time and cost. Do you count retransmits, drop packets before the customer sees them? If so there is a whole lot more tracking that must occur, that means more cpu power, memory, and storage. In the case of the ISP, it probably means more licensing cost on whatever tools they use to capture that data. What is more worrisome is that utilities have standards set and particular rules they must follow in their measurement systems. Do ISPs? I've seen systems that count all packet sizes as 1518 bytes. If you're doing mostly bulk transport that is generally the case. If you're a customer and do lots of DNS lookups and other small calls, your average packet size will be below that. From everything I've read the Japanese are rather anti-immigration and it's ingrained in their culture. http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32788ff0-ea00-11e3-99ed-00144feabd... > Canceling or changing my project cannot be done. Oh, yes it can. It's called your parent company going out of business. >Most teens can read and most have access to google. I can read and I have access to google, and for some reason I'm not a rocket scientist or a nuclear physicist. There is a reason that in most cases we don't consider (at least below 18) teens adults. They make bad decisions. We also know from study that teens make a higher number of bad decisions when the adults and culture around them feed them bad information. Google is almost useless for things like this, your family and culture affect you far more. The DOCSIS 3.0 modems we use at our local provider have no where near that much latency. 5-8ms is typical. With newer cars, buying one with an automatic just means you want better gas milage. >Considering that a median house still costs 4x yearly median salary means that not only do we live in a resource-scarce world but we will continue to for a long time. Are housing prices, at least in the U.S. actually attached to the value of work, or they mostly affected by the banks willingness to hand out money? Let's go another step and take work out of it completely. If houses were free, there would still be houses that are worth far more than others, simply because of proximity to other things of human interest. >AI, by itself, cannot interact with the physical world, past bit-flipping registers on a cpu (a negligible action). For AI to be a threat, in my opinion, it would need to be coupled with some form of physical manifestation that could, in some fashion, not be under the control of a human. Now that's just silly. An AI does not need a body for any reason. What it needs is a voice, software is pretty good at simulating that, and we can simulate images and video pretty well too. If an AI can become a master in the art of persuasion (say coupled with a great hacking ability) it could easily convince people to act in its name (much like old books do now) and pay off others do to its bidding. Shooting a rocket at something in space is very obvious, akin to shooting someone in a crowd with a canon. Everybody that is not deaf and blind (sensor arrays or radar of some type in this case) is going to notice. Changing the orbit of another satellite is very noticeable too. Much like if you were in the desert and a car came over the horizon straight at you, you'd have a very long time to do something about it. A heat beam is a little more concerning. It is a threat that presents itself in seconds, not minutes or days. If it happens at a point where you don't have your own IR optics watching space you could miss it and be very confused as to what occurred to your sat. >Government should be an organization serves people rather than trying to control people and limit what people can say or do. What if 55% of the people want to control and limit what the other 45% do and say? It's never as easy as 'government should just do this' because a government needs to have power to fulfill its mandate. Any concentration of power can, and will be abused and there will be cycles of this occurring as the society around it grows more and less apathetic to abuse of power. >Don't forget that Wifi needs to be properly positioned to work quickly. And if my properly positioned you mean "In a faraday cage with only the AP and your station", you'd be correct. The issue is real world WiFi doesn't ever work that way. There are very few places where you don't pick up at least one or two neighbors using at least some of the channel bandwidth you need. Even inside your own wireless domain you have the hidden node problem, forcing wireless domains to be broken into small cells using low power greatly increasing the costs of deployment. Add that a huge number of cheap APs and computer drivers flat out suck and the average non-professionally installed wireless user is not going to see 50% of the bandwidth they should. >but I expect that you'd get similar results with any AP capable of 720mbit/s transfer to a single client. One should expect that, but almost no one uses wireless that way. If you have just a single client the most efficient method is to run a cat5 cable and get 1000mbit/s at a much lower cost than putting in expensive AC equipment, barring an expensive engineering issue of making a cable reach that place. The problem with wireless is everybody has to play nice and be able to see each other or it quickly falls to the 20% actual usable bandwidth rather quickly. Do you have neighbors with a wide bandwidth AC router and healthy streaming video habit? Don't expect to get max data transfer rates. Do you have lots of portable devices, especially cell phones that like to go into low power mode, or get set in places where they can reach the router but become hidden nodes to other clients in the network? >like needing overall approval from many different groups within society for a decision I'm going to guess you've never been on a committee and needed something important done but very few people understand. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parkinson%27s_law_of_trivialit... >then why would Forbes force this "minority" to disable their adblocker in the first place? A minority can represent a majority of your profit. By providing memory safety to the GPU in either software or hardware, or most likely some combination of both just like with standard memory now. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/08/fashion/weddings/falling-m... When you have to keep an enormous amount of paperwork and for that single lead, tracking every single point in the supply chain, things get far more expensive. > but for some reasons we don't bother. Probably the massive amount of money involved, and for very little gain. Most of them are going to crash hard and end up in the bottom of the ocean in little bits. Knowing where they crashed isn't going to save anybody, they're dead on impact. When my daughter was pretty young we were walking on the sidewalk beside a road. There was an unfortunate squirrel that hand not made the crossing alive, and died in a rather gory fashion. Rather than sheltering her from the cruelty of death I told her that this squirrel didn't listen to its parents and played in the road. The imagery was powerful enough that she 'self-policed' rather well and kept herself and friends away from the road unless an adult was helping them cross. It's this same imagery we see in old tales like that. Vivid and terrifying creatures and events that apply enough fear to curb our curiosity in places that it might get the better of us. I really don't understand your argument here. As per definition of vulnerability, this is something that many Linux systems have ran into in the past. When you get outside of mainline distributed programs you see vendor issues like this all the time. 777 is a thing in Linux and people/vendors do dumb crap with it all the time. Privilege escalation to root via bad file permissions is not an uncommon problem in Linux either. The patch for this problem is easy enough too. Right click > security > remove full access. If this application is widely distributed enough Microsoft may very well push a fix for it. What we don't know here is how many computers are affected by this, it could be a very large number, or it could be a few from a limited distribution with a bad setting. I like your crystal ball. Maybe I should use it to gamble in the stock market. As for the rest of us, you can't possibly see or guess the future that will affect that business. Maybe they'll get sued out of existence by then? Maybe the owners will run it into the ground? We hope it will continue to exist, but we can't possibly know until then. Yea, if someone at a nation state level manage to fake a cert and redirect BGP, I'm sure they could affect a huge number of systems pretty quickly. Do git clients even do a good job of SSL verification? >First, the leveraging of state fines, backed by government force, disproportionally affects the poor. As a Texan with family in law enforcement, I get to watch this unfold daily. But here's a question for you, why is law enforcement levy and collect so many fines? The individual officer does not directly benefit from giving out so many tickets (other than keeping his job). One of the large issues we have now is the court system financed via these fines. There have been many attempts to collect more tax dollars to directly fund the court but that is almost always shot down by groups such as the grassroots movement. This is a direct failure of not the poor people, but the middle class taxpayer that has now put the burden on the poor. The middle and upper class want (I'd say even demand) effective law enforcement, and this is how they've figured out to keep it running without causing to much political strife.