I'd argue the opposite. I find nginx config much more flexible, and compact. http://www.rkblog.rk.edu.pl/w/p/hosting-django-under-nginx-s... Doesn't look bad at all. ~10 required lines, all of which are just telling nginx how to call wsgi and what params to pass. Very similar to the apache config to do the exact same thing. 16 digits of precision != 16 digits of accuracy. COBOL? What if there was something like a git deploy command? Basically, when you don't actually care about git functionality on the remote (production/staging) end, that would actually change the remote files. (Yes, I know it can be done with a hook, but that's more of a power user solution, and it's still extra work to setup) Does the font rendering seem very different to anyone else? Using the same font (Anonymous Pro 14pt), I had to increase the vertical spacing from 1.0 (as it was in iTerm) to ~1.18 to get the same spacing. Bold is rendered differently (worse) too. It does seem quite a bit snappier on my old G5 though. Comparison shot: iTerm on the left, iterm2 on right: http://i.imgur.com/9yA8y.png At a glance, quite possibly. It's entirely possible that it's one of those 'tiny changes that bugs you' sort of things. When you look at a font rendered in an exact way for 6 or so years, slight changes just look really...off. Wouldn't it be optimal to make the reward inversely proportional to the number of snakes turned in? That way as the population goes down, snakes become harder to catch, thus more valuable dead than alive. It also makes "farming" a negative pressure, since it decreases the reward per unit. Remember we don't have VAT here, so that's what, a 25%, 30% difference right there? Most of the stuff that makes nginx work/fast aren't available on Windows. A lot of it is pretty much reliant on a unix api. That said, spotify's baseline is -q5 Ogg Vorbis (true VBR at an average of around 160kps), not 128k MP3. Huge difference. VBR mode is a huge win for an codec, and Vorbis in general is less "obvious" than MP3. In particular, drums aren't a dead giveaway that the file is compressed, unlike any MP3 For example, let's say you've got a string like 4|1|45|343|22. You want to return a string with the last three numbers, but seperated by a comma and a space. In PHP: $arr = explode('|',$str); $last_three = array_slice($arr, -3); return implode(", ",$last_three); In Python: return ', '.join(str.split('|')[-3:]) Small conciseness improvements snowball as the codebase gets larger. In fact, being unable to chain functions in PHP is actually my biggest beef with the language. If you could do return implode(', ',array_slice(explode('|',$str),-3)); that'd be a lot less annoying. Still not as good as the python, but a lot closer. Urm, no. There's lots to like about Drupal, but clean code isn't one of theme. I mean, it's not PHPNuke, but clear and logical it ain't. I'm saying that as lead dev on a drupal site that pushes pretty heavy traffic and has thousands of man hours in it. That's where I'd risk to me. For one, the combat theme is going to instantly turn off at least half the females, and a chunk of the males also. It just doesn't have the same appeal. I'm calling BS on this. LOTS of python gets used in places you don't expect. I've had backend stuff running in python for years. That's not really it. This, at least in my understanding, is a fully generic optimization, of operations on constant strings. Frankly, no. Just no. The REASON PHP needs a page per function is the sheer number of poorly handled edge cases, version incompatibilities, and gotchas. One thing to point out, based on my experience, is that you need about 10x or more peak throughput to handle a given average throughput. Spikes kill you. Your average GM is also not Gary Kasparov. The difference between a typical GM and one of the handful of elites is pretty astounding. I don't really think that's desirable. Trying to make a document database pretend it's a relational database may work "ok" for simple things, but when you have code that expects to do things that practical in SQL (think: joins, etc) it'll all end in tears. 3rded. A major version bump should indicate major changes e.g. time to go through any code that talks to the server. If they just want to have a number that grows, they should do something like vRELEASE.MINOR. That would be sane. It would also NOT mean "all gems/app just work with it", which is what GP said. The point of a major bump is to say to the ops team/sysadmin "HEY! We actually changed some stuff. You probably want to check with your programmers to see if any of these changes will effect our client code". The fundamental problem with daily deal sites is that by large and large the customer profile they attract are the LEAST attractive to local merchants. Who wants a customer who only buys things that are on sale and has no loyalty? The only time i really see it making sense is if the profit margin is huge that even after the discount and fees, the deal is still profitable. (Imagine something like a portrait photographer with lots of empty appointments...where even a fraction of the normal fee is still better than nothing, and where there is potential to upsell at full margin.) Notepad -> Arachnaphobia (Something like that...very early windows syntax highlighting html editor) -> Emacs -> jEdit -> Textmate -> MacVim -> Sublime 2 I see this sentiment a lot. It annoys me. NoSQL is not a performance operation. It's about choosing a representation that is appropriate for your data. To repeat history: No wireless. Less space than a nomad. Lame. I thought the whole point of a DTD was that a validating parser could download it, and, well, validate. Pretty pointless. Very shallow feature comparison. No benchmarks or performance commentary at all. That's been true for a looong time. Remember when offices had typing pools and messenger boys? True for any number of companies, including Marshall/Orange/Sount City/HiWatt in the UK, pretty much ALL of which got into business after being recruited to build louder amps for The Who. For anyone else who's curious, the actual site is http://mojolicio.us/ . If you're trying to get new blood linking to a site without docs, or any apparent links to get more info is maybe not the best way of doing so. Ok, so it is. Problem is it just looks like a tag or something. Really? It seems to me like a mostly small vocal group is pushing 3. Most people I talk to actually using it heavily in production are ambivalent or actively planning on staying on 2. Python 3 is exactly how not to do a major language change. They broke enough that porting isn't trivial, and for many programs there just isn't any benefit. Plus the performance noticeably regressed. Pretty impressive, but that ain't space. Ubuntu has been losing that plot for a long time. Remember when they shipped a version with essentially broken audio? Because they decided to switch to PulseAudio? Yes, but when you're trying to make an "end-user" product, you don't throw in huge changes a few weeks before release. Which is what they did with Pulse. Maybe they'd have fewer problems if they you know, actually released stuff? Having dealt with CPAN, I'll take python and pip _any day_. CPAN is practically the definition of dependency hell. For developers it may be good (I don't write Perl, so I dunno), but for end users it's a real clusterfrak. How else would one deliver bug fixes, exactly? Like depending on 20 other modules, 4 of which fail to build with the current version. Lots of bitrot. Yea, that sounds like a good way to get lots of unfriends. Who comes up with this stuff? I'd hazard a guess that you're wrong. Dedicated scanners became totally obsolete for 99% of users with the switch to digital photography. Any plans on supporting objects in standard open CAD formats? It'd be handy on occasion to be able to be able to dump an IGES or STEP file out of Solidworks and get it printed. Doesn't the fact that a stock is traded on an OTC exchange really tell you all you need to know? Is that really unfair though? Was it made clear on the product page that it was not i18n? Every american chain "grill" would disagree with you. I've been running Arch on a vps for a few months and I really like it. It feels like a more modern slackware + good package management. Very solid, and it doesn't pointlessly deviate from the standard way of doing things. Depends on what you mean by expose. Root it, install terminal app, and go nuts. Ironically, vinyl is the one segment of the industry that well. It's been growing double-digits percentage wise every year for at least the last 6-7 years. In 2010, vinyl sales were actually higher than in 1991, the last year the majors were distributing most releases on vinyl. 2011 looks like it could be up as much as 25% over 2010. Why is this? Well, at least for me, it's a much better value proposition, despite being substationally more expensive. Full size art, much better sound quality, etc. Sterlings are normally run on solar heat. > Look at how much rock stable C software we have out there. Which would be what exactly. The work of Knuth and djb I'll grant you, but the rest? No he doesn't. defaultdict provides a default value for ALL missing values. His approach allows him to target one key in particular, and is a very common python idiom. Because it's actually (somewhat confusingly, called setdefault). >>> a = {1:'foo',2:'blah'} >>> a.setdefault(1,'default') 'foo' >>> a.setdefault(4,'default') 'default' >>> a {1: 'foo', 2: 'blah', 4: 'default'} This actually updates the underlying datastructure. Very handy when you want to deal with nested structures, since you can do something like: matches.setdefault(keyword,[]).append(s) This will append s to the list in matches[keyword] if it exists, or set matches[keyword] to [] and then append. Yep, also somewhat common on boats, especially sailboats, for the same reasons. That's true, but in the real world it's fairly uncommon to see actual burners in use, outside of machine shop projects and the like. BSD kernels have had numerous exploits over the years. GCC is a massive hairball. gzip has had exploits ( http://www.kb.cert.org/vuls/id/381508 for one). Care to try again? This is the language that doesn't have proper function arguments, exceptions, objects, etc, and you're calling OTHER languages a subset? Sorry, I just don't see it. What exactly is so awesome in Perl that isn't easily done in Python/Ruby/Scala/D/Haskell? Not sure I follow you. Your python example is very explicitly passing a _single_ arguement, a list of three items. If you call it the same way you call the perl code, you'd have the same result. Wow, what a completely terrible name. I honestly think having an easy-to-spell/type _and_ pronounce name was a factor in Google's success. Of course, if this could be used for large portions of the structure, that really changes the equations a lot. You don't need nearly as much lift for a given weight of cargo. The Hindenburg used 200,000m^3 of hydrogen (generating a lifting force of approx. 215,000kg. Net useful load was only 10,000kg. Uh, in this context I would wager he has a pretty good idea how many people he said no to. That's one way to look at it. I don't remember it quite that fondly. I also remember the missing replies, broken threads, spam you couldn't really do much about, endless flamewars about top-quoting vs bottom-quoting, etc. Plus the pace was just glacial - it could take hours for some posters posts to appear. Maybe is was better in the REALLY old days - a bit of quick, non-exhaustive google groups searching shows my first usenet posts in June of 1997. Not really. Decent writers cost money. Editors cost money. Fact checkers cost money. Are there people who will write about their hobby for free, and produce good quality content? Sure. At the same time, many things require feet (and equipment) on the ground, on location, and that, again, costs money. Look, I'm normally pretty easy going, but it's just like to say it's people like YOU that are ruining the internet. I really wish all the SEO-cretins would just go find something else to do with their time. The issue I take is when they're blatantly trying to makes ads look like legitimate content. The difference is I can't adblock text. Here's why I say ruin. Remember when you could do a search for product reviews, and actually get product reviews , instead of a million template link bait sites? Nothing, in and of it self. My rant was more at this whole group of grey/black hat SEO, a group he most defiantly IS in. It's defiantly at least gray. He openly admits to trying to trick visitors into thinking the ad is organic content. That's well over the line in my book. It's pretty much certain, given the widespread acceptance python has in scientific computing, an area where Ruby penetration is minimal-to-nonexistant. Those are just spambots, not actual people. Author needs to figure out a better way of doing screencapture. Using an image that might _actually_ induce seizures isn't a very good first impression. Please don't let this bit of reddit-stupidity transfer here. "LOl upvotd" posts don't add anything and just clutter the discussion. May I make the suggestion of installing Reddit Enhancement Suite. Unsubscribe from all the default sub/r's (wtf, offbeat,askreddit, etc), and block all posts from imgur and quickmeme, and things look a lot better. The problem is too much focus on 'simple math', and not enough on numeracy. I'd imagine logistics would play into it also. Not just shipping, but things like UL certification. When your're working on the sort of razor thin margins they certainly are at that price point... It's Groovy still, like, slower than Ruby? That was always the big attraction with Scala - all the fun stuff, but less than a 5% performance penalty over vanilla java. You're assuming that the only people interested in these languages are only people locked in to Java-the-platform. That defiantly isn't the case, especially for Scala and Clojure, as they offer combinations of features and language traits that aren't really available elsewhere. The function without () thing annoys the crap out of me. I much prefer Python's way of doing things, () is the no-argument call, and without parens is the actual callable object. It emphasizes that functions really _are_ first class values that can be passed around, instead of having to use some special-case syntax to get at the callable. That's true, but on the other hand, there are many apps that are pleasure to use where a web site is a pain in the ass. The android gmail app comes to mind. > The bits of PHP that are "much worse" are mostly either legacy cruft that nobody in their right mind uses anymore Ever dealt with PHP code in the wild before? The amount of PHP written by people not in their right mind is VERY high. Eww, glad I didn't have to with HTML that nasty. I actually coded something very similar to this ( http://www.reflector.com/jail-bookings ) for our website about a year ago. Users don't read manuals. If you expect the user to read the manual to use your product, you have failed. If other there was another provider of high-quality smartphone equipment that didn't have a business plan of rampant market fragmentation and crapware. Made the switch from a Moto Droid 3 months ago and couldn't be happier, personally. Super extreme metal. Messuggah, Vried, Vektor, stuff like that. Tech/prog death mainly. Have to start it a bit gentler in the morning, usually some old school doomer/stoner (St. Vitus, Slough Feg, Candlemass, etc) I'm more surprised that they lasted this long. I remember using it back when it was Mandrake. It was ok for it's time. At the time, when I was stuck on dialup, it was nice to be able to buy a desktop distro on CD, but I really don't see how they've had a viable business model in years. It's worse than that. It seems to be using the same deeply flawed GeoIP database as many other cheap/free services. For instance, the connection I'm on, a business class fibre connection with CenturyLink, claims to be located in "Tyler, TX", even though I'm 2000 miles from there. I'm conflicted. Conditions for the lower class in China are abominable with industry or without. The alternative for those workers is to go back to their home village and do subsistence farming. It's not like they have a ton of options. The big difference is that in Drupal it's possible to get pretty far without ever writing a single line of code, even templates. For some use cases that's very powerful, especially an environment where you have trainable, reasonably technical people who aren't programmers. It's not bad once you get your head around it. Sure, it's not buzzword compliant (MVC, TDD, ORM OH MY!) but for what it is, it can be pretty compelling. My primary job for the last 2 years has been developing a Drupal site for a group of daily newspapers with monthly page views in the low 8 figures. We were in a situation where we had to get a site up quickly (Our small group was bought off from a much larger conglomerate, so the huge $$$$ Java system we had been using went away). Drupal allows us to get a tolerable site up in about 3 months, and a much better site up about 6 months later. Have there been pain points? Sure. But if we'd used anything else there's no way we would have been on our feet nearly as quickly. Are we investigating other options? Of course, if I wasn't I wouldn't be doing my job. There's a part of me that would love to rewrite the whole thing in Rails or Django. That would be a huge undertaking though. It's actually already happened. Most of the really nasty stuff (electronics recycling, sweatshops, etc) is now happening in places like Bengal and Sub-saharan Africa. Depends. We serve ~40 PHP requests a second (and that's NOT counting stuff that hits the cache) on reasonable hardware - an 8G webserver VM, and a 4G DB VM, both with 4 cores allocated, and hot copies of each for failover. Our site is pretty interactive, and even the stuff that's cached is short (5 minutes or less) timeouts. I've done it. Use case involves a class wrapping python's xml-rpc stuff to talk to Drupal. Drupal's xml-rpc interface is not the most pleasant thing to work with, as you have to pass in a session id and auth token on every request, and then all the "actual" parameters go in as an array. My wrapper class would query the remote interface for available methods, and then dynamically generate, via eval, a function object that used a closure to store the sess/auth tokens, and that took a variable number of arguments to pass as the 3rd array argument to the function. The eval'd function object was then bound as a method to the connection object. It also did a bit more magic, such as on error logging the arguments to a file. ALl in all it made writing web-service clients a lot more pleasant. But the data still needs to go the Google Analytics server to actually do the tracking...in an HTTP request. You should really re-think your stance on the size. As a website publisher, anyone wanting to run a non-standard size is going to have to A: pay me for an exclusive spot, because I can't run any other ads in that slot and B: pay for my time to write custom code for your ad. Doesn't happen often. That's all assuming that's a size I can even fit into my design without making the site look bad. The 250px width is awkward. For us, our right rail is sized around a 300px wide big box ad, 250 is enough off of that that it's going to ruin the solid right-side margin we've designed. Look into the IAB (Internet Advertising Board) standard sizes. You want to pick one (or more) of those. I think you're missing the point. With this feature you'll be able to write a query that returns a JSON string of the results, possible as a field in a larger result set. It also validates that the JSON parses on the way in. But the whole point of Bootstrap is for _non_ designers to be able to make decent looking sites with minimal effort. Give them control over things like spacing and font sizes, and most of them will get it very, very, wrong. Probably worth pointing out that there is a coordinated reading going on over at reddit, starting tomorrow. http://reddit.com/r/GEB Indeed. Another irony, the Cheezburger Network sites are using a pop-up complaining about SOPA, when arguably they are just the sort of site there is a legitimate complaint about, as they routinely rip off other people's comments, and bask in the ad revenue. Have to disagree. Given the nature of the book, preserving the format and illustrations are VERY important. It wouldn't translate at all. In fact, the author feels so strongly about that they he has insisted the original 1979 typset he prepared be used for all subsequent editions, to exactly preserve the formatting. Well, for one there are a fair number of equations, which ebook readers are going to struggle with. Plus there are "structural puns" which depend on lines aligning and breaking in a certain fashion. Here's an example page from Amazon's preview: http://img26.imageshack.us/img26/8082/screenshot20120118at14... Note the musical extract, the heavy use of blockquotes, etc. It's pretty much a worse case for an ereader. PS: I'll admit I'm a bit late to this party, as I just bought my copy for the Reddit readthrough, and it's the first actual dead-tree book I've bought since my Kindle. I too was annoyed at first by the lack of a ereader version, but after reading the first few pages of the intro I couldn't imagine reading it any other way. This is a VERY dense book where I often find myself flipping back a page or two to reference earlier material. The popular e-reader formats are all HTML subsets. I really don't think the formats actually could render the equations faithfully, without just making images out of them, which means they are either going to be paginated awkwardly and generally be hard to read. If you had a large format reader that could do PDF properly, that could handle it though. I wonder (seriously) if banning names for bills wouldn't be a bad idea. No more cutesy names or names that are a blantant sympathy ploy ("Rachels's Law", or whatever). Just make them refer to it as HR3415 or whatever the actual designation is. Why not just use torrents? Rather ironic to see this on a site so crowed with obnoxious social media-cruft that it actually took me about 5 seconds to find the article text... It actually is sort of both. The core feature set is well designed and relatively slim, and supports the three most common topologies - as a front end for static content, as a front-end up for an external "web engine", e.g. php-fpm or rack or a WSGI app, or as a reverse proxy/load balancer. It's a very good 90% solution - 90% of the time it does everything you need, and it does it well. That comes at the cost of supporting certain corner cases or features, WebDAV for instance. Where it might not be as good as in something like a shared hosting environment where you want to give users something they can tweak like an .htaccess file. That sort of per-request configuration loading runs counter to the performance profile they're trying to provide. I wouldn't assume that at all. What's keep them from running a GUI-less version of webkit on their server farm. In fact, I'd be surprised if they _didn't_. That would make things worse. The biggest problem with Reddit right now is that not enough people downvote weak content. Making downvotes harder will only increase the rate at which the 4chan refugees meme the place up. I believe the game he's referring to is "Crush the Castle". Doesn't have to be. Hint: Unsubscribe from any sub-reddit that new users default to being subscribed to... If you don't mind writing a little C, that could serve as a bridge, since both runtimes can speak C. Because then you'd end up writing stuff like span6-12 or span1-16. Confused why you'd need 16 also. Any even division you can do in a 16 col grid you can also do in 12. It was my understanding that the Motorola purchase was solely about acquiring patents, and did NOT include the hardware side of the business at all. Not for a memached server. If it ain't RAM, memcached can't use it. In theory it probably could, but you're losing all benefit at that point. The big selling point of memcahce is that it's VERY fast. Our memcache server (Ours is only 8GB, not nearly as impressive as some) averages under 1ms object fetch times, even accounting for network overhead. That's not being asked. The question is wether a Mexican entity has legal standing to take legal action using a US law against a US-based entity in a US court. If it can run opera mini and ssh it ain't a dumbphone. If it can run opera mini and ssh it ain't a dumbphone. Re point 3: Also don't forget that while the value of these cars may depreciate to daily driver levels, the maintenance costs don't. Speaking from semi-painful experience as the owner of a '96 Lexus with 160k on the clock. You say that like it's a necessarily bad thing. Remember the post recently about the guy who was doing exploiting exactly that spread on Craigslist? A feature phone. Yes, it's dead. But basically minus the government stuff. Well, there is NPR (National Public Radio) which is about 15-25% government funded, but that's typically news/talk/classical. Some of the edgier NPR stations might have an acoustic rock/folk set at midnight on a Friday... There is a word for those people. That word is "wrong". Don't fall victim to the tyranny of the masses. Because Ubuntu has become, for the last 2 years or so, a game of "what will they break next". Started, arguably, with the not-even-halfbacked initial Pulseaudio implementation, and continuing on to Unity. Not a bad analogy. I recently migrated my main desktop back from Windows 7 to Linux, and I actually ended up on Fedora. I've been pretty pleased with it overall. Sure, I ripped out Gnome 3 and dropped in KDE 4.8, but on the whole it really works quite well, including 3D (I recently replaced my old ATI card with an NVidia 560, which certainly helped). Surprised even me. My linux journey, going back 12 or so years, was more or less Mandrake -> Debian -> Gentoo -> FreeBSD -> Ubuntu - Slackware. I tried Debian recently, didn't really like where any of the distros fell - unstable was TOO bleeding edge, while even testing lagged annoyingly far behind. Arch is nice, and I like it on servers but too fiddly for a desktop. Fedora really seems to be right around the sweet spot where it's useable, pretty up to date, but more importantly it's very much "linux" as I remember it, not with lots of not-very-well documented magic going on. kubuntu are the ones who maintain the packages. If they go away, you're either HOPING someone volunteers to package KDE in an independent repo (a pretty daunting task), or you're building it from source. Still a big [citation needed]. Compare with something like cached Mako templates in Python and I seriously doubt it's competitive. A malicious attacker with 30 seconds on your machine unobserved could just keylog you. In the case of Mako at least, caching doesn't mean caching in the way you mean it. It's more akin to opcode caching in PHP, saving the actual python code generated from the template, not the result. Just saves from reparsing the template every time it's rendered, but the actual template logic still runs. Because of course everything _else_ Anonymous has done is totally legal, above board, and not at all disreputable. Agreed. I've been running KDE 4.8 on FC16 at home for the last 2 weeks or so. Very happy with it. At that point it's also useless for matching. Well, the permanant "special" is a bit of a red flag... What an odd example. Other than perhaps a palindrome detector, I'm having a really hard time coming up with a use for a reversed-strings. Python DOES provide a reverse for arrays. An alternative viewpoint is that Python makes it so you GET to that point a lot quicker, since your iterative development cycle is so much faster, No compiles, no need to refactor a bunch of stuff to accommodate minor data structure changes... Can we get a semi NSFW tag on this? It's a bit...edgy. Well, I mean, there's an above the fold pic of a guy simulating sodomy, and lots of F-bombs. Some of us don't work for startups, or even, gasp , in places with an HR department with no sense of humor and a sexual harassment policy. In a place where I wouldn't want my boss's boss to see me reading a site with the word in 60pt type, yes. Welcome to the bible belt. Python is much better positioned here, since the default is to be sane. So the typical question is "I'm trying to do something a bit odd, can I?" vs "Help, that unlabeled lever I bumped into just blew my foot off." Well, in Perl, you have to turn on `use strict`. That ain't 8-bit. That's just crappy graphics ala 1995 Mac OS Classic games. Looks alot like the old shareware Escape Velocity games. Well, considering that part of my job is evaluation of new tech, regular scans of tech blogs are actually expected. No, it _isn't_. It has many things that NO 8-bit system was capable of, like smooth gradients in multiple colors, and rotated sprites. 16-bit I'd maybe grant you, but no way is it 8-bit. Incentive for established comedians. Don't minimize the need to be able to front the $100k+ to do the initial filming, venue, rental, etc. But that's not the same value proposition. The deal is "professionally shot/produced/edited video shot at in a venue with good lighting and sound, in front of a live audience". You're not replicating that for $500. Rule 0: If you want my eyeballs, don't stealth subscribe me to anything. Just because I bought one widget from you does _not_ mean I want to start getting recurring e-mails from you. Violate this, even once, and you've lost my business. My gut reaction is is that that's even worse. This may be a personal bias against "reaction" e-mails. One thing that might help is to keep things VERY brief. If I see a wall of text I instantly go for the delete key. One or two sentences that DON'T look like some canned e-mail I _might_ scan. But don't waste my time. My time is precious to me, your store (probably) isn't. Imagine if each e-mail you sent to me cost $10 to send. Do you still send that e-mail? If not, don't waste my time. I also find behavioral targeting very creepy, so that'd be a turn off. But you've lost any chance of me becoming the one of the 10% of your customers that generates 90% of your sales. Wouldn't a publicly stated policy of willful ignorance negate any defense of willful infringement? If I make a point of not looking at speed limits signs, and pt a bumper sticker on my car saying "I don't read speed limits", would it be reasonable to expect the nice police officer to not write me a ticket? It does look like a key. A key on a macbook pro. http://www4.pcmag.com/media/images/249927-apple-macbook-pro-... Interesting. What part of Cox's web division in particular? I'm actually working for a small group of newspapers that were spun off of Cox about 3 years ago. I don't think it's an image problem, really. It's a focus problem. I'd never buy a piece of Microsoft portable tech, because they always end up killing everything they release within a few years. If they could just stick with something for a while, I might have some confidence, but between PlaysForSure (hah!), Zune, Kin, etc, they give me no REASON to trust them. I've been using some Denon D-2000's for my work usage for a while. Were about $250 when I bought them 5 or 6 years ago, looks like they run closer to $350 these days. They're closed, but not super-isolating, a good tradeoff between not leaking sound, and being able to hear my phone ring. They're very comfortable, more so than other phones I own (At home I have a couple different pairs of Grados, Beyers, and AKG 301s). They also drive well of a standard headphone output, when many audiophile grade phones (the AKGs and most higher-end Sennheisers, for intance), don't. No, it won't. Game mode reduces latency on the order of 2-3 frames, so a 0.1sec or less. The issue is that the tuner has to consume a complete data frame before it can start displaying, since it needs to get a keyframe for the codec to start working. Basically the way modern video codecs work is that they only fully encode every Nth frame, where N is some smallish integer - 15 or 30 is common. From one keyframe to the next, they essentially encode a diff from the prior frame. The idea is that most of the regions of the frame have very little change over short timescales. It's a tradeoff. More keyframes means faster seeking (when you seek in a video, it has to start from a keyframe too, for the same reasons), but larger data rates for the same image quality. No, AT&T is in the business of selling _access_. The less each customer costs them, the better. A restaurant offers a 25% discount to seniors (65+), but you're only 60. You copy your friend's AARP card, changing the name, and present the cloned card to receive the discount. Is this fraud? Your "wasted time" is my "stress relief", so I can actually be productive when I am in the office. There have been times when I've worked significantly more hours than my usual 40 (I'm hourly though, not salaried), and I can honestly say that for me it's unsustainable. After about the first week of working 60 hours+ I'm probably _less_ productive working the second 60 than if I'd just worked 40s. Yes, that works great until some server you subscribe to has accidentally charges you for some huge amount due to a bug on their end, which overdrafts you, and you incur another overdraft for every transaction that posts on the same day. Through no fault of your own. Well yes, but then, you're the one who's screwed, through no fault of your own, and have fun talking to the bank getting them to reverse those fees. This is not a hypothetical scenario - here's one recent event: http://www.tomshardware.com/news/Warhammer-Online-MMORPG,101... I find it a bit amusing that someone on this site, where so much of the content is about optimization and business models, is acting so morally offended by the concept of price differentiation. No I didn't. I authorized a charge of $14.99/month, spending in your own words "money I had". Really, it is? How come in 2012, I, who live in decent sized US city (Metro area is about 140k), still pay about $40 for 10Mbit connectivity, barely better than I could get 10 years ago? and I wonder how many of that handful would realize that paying by check has even larger issues? Not a very good example, because that's a Crotale (A Flat, ~4" cymbal, basically), not a triangle. A low-end dedicated DAC is likely to be a substantial upgrade over a built-in soundcard (I'm assuming we're talking PC sound here). A PC case is a pretty noisy place, electrically - I know one one work PC I had once you could actually here the mouse move, if you had heaphones on and cranked the volume with nothing playing - horizontal and vertical movement had different frequencies. The move from a low end ($150-300) DAC to one much more expensive will be considerably less drastic, and likely won't matter until you've dropped at least $5k in to the rest of your system. That said, you may already own a DAC without realising it...as long as you're taking the singal out _digitally_ (e.g. SP-DIF or digital coax) to an external receiver, you're already in a pretty decent place. It's certainly true. Ogg is far less audible than mp3 - it's actually very decent at bit rates as low as 64kpbs. Thank you for saying that. I've never understood why a large portion of the tech community seems to worship him. Thought I was the only way that felt that way... Because they don't want to scare off people by implying that you need to play the older games first. There's still some value there. For some chains (Applebee's is one that comes to mind), some locations are actually pretty decent, while others are worse than fast food. What, exactly, is the POINT of unit-testing that function, other than patting yourself on the back? You might as well unit test that 1+1 = 2. That ARS writeup is pretty one-sided. I love how they paint him up as a poor student, and don't mention the $250,000+ he made off the site. This was absolutely not just piracy, but PROFITING from piracy. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/news/9013803/Student-R... Yes, ads. It's a difference of attitude. I found a snapshot of their site, here are a few bits from their FAQ: " Also, please keep in mind that you're watching videos for free as opposed to spending over 20 dollars at the movie theater or purchasing a show. This should help you put things in perspective (keep in mind that prices change but this is a normal, typical price). " ... snipped price list ... "So, as you see, you're saving quite a lot of money (especially when putting several visits to the theater or seasons together) by having to wait a little bit of time. " Their main listing page is broken up into genres, which shows they were aware of the nature of their content, and includes heading that indicate the source of the content: "Movies" "TV" "Anime", etc. They don't even make an effort to hide what they are doing. Their submission page mentions "Copying the name of the show exactly as it is on imdb". As for the issue of linking, it's a red herring here. This was not some neutral site linking to random, user submitted comment. This was a curated collection. They knew _exactly_ what they were doing. What if you put it in more physical terms. If someone went around passing out a list of people in your community who leave their back door unlocked, would you have a problem with that? After all, they're only "linking" to potential robbery victims, not actually robbing them. Edit: From their About page: "TV Shack™ was launched December 2007 by a handful of Swedish university students as a place to watch movies & television online by way of linking to video hosting sites across the web. ... 2009 is set to be a massive sea of change in online video viewing. TV Shack™ has set itself a target of being in the top 1,000 visited websites globally by the end of the year 2009, this will leave it perfectly placed to become an essential stop for the ever growing online video user base." Under the English interpretation of mens rea, this would seem to fall under the strictest level: "Direct intention: the actor has a clear foresight of the consequences of his actions, and desires those consequences to occur. It's his aim or purpose to achieve this consequence" Lots of things that are free speech are not legal. The very concept of Free Speech only refers to government infringement of your rights. I've seen code in productions apps with comments along the lines of "this isn't optimal, but it's easier to test". Every time I do, I die a little inside. Unit tests are THE most overrated buzzword of the last 10 years. How much of that complexity is self-inflicted? Most of the unit testing advocates I know are also the worst architecture astronauts. Every line in a codebase has a cost, including tests. I'd rather deal with a code base that's as trim as possible. I've done unit tests before, but I don't find that they help that much, because they don't solve the most common source of actual production issues: things you didn't think of. I don't do large-scale refactoring. Seriously. Small pieces? Sure. But I've never, in 15 years of development, had to rewrite half of an application I've already written. Spending a large amount of extra time and energy, things I don't have an excess of to begin with, for a "might" or a "maybe" seems like a rather poor choice to me. I'm curious as to what exactly you mean. Can you give some examples? If your're frequently making large-scale changes, I'd spend more time worrying about why you're having such a hard time nailing the requirements down. No, that still doesn't make sense. The loss discount was on a per-trip basis, not per hand, so basically if at the end of the week you were down $100k, you only owed $80k. The rules were generous but NOT totally even. The house still had around 0.25%, which is low, but not unheard of. Even on the Vegas strip you can find Blackjack games open to the general public under 0.50% house edge. Of course, that's with optimum general strategy, not "playing your hunches", which could easily open the house edge to 10% or more depending on how dumb you're playing. My guess is that he was card counting, but not with a traditional system, and he wasn't using it to size his bets, just to make strategy decisions, which would be harder to detect. The odds of beating 3 separate casinos, over a reasonable number of hands, even against a very low house edge, are quite small. No it's not. Soft 17 is worth approx. 0.25% on the house edge. Even in Vegas, it's not hard to find 0.50% edge blackjack, even at low stakes. They were counters. I meant the odds of beating 3 casinos without counting, which is that the article was claiming. The std. deviation of blackjack is quite low. 14,000 hands would be a fairly large sample for blackjack, for live hands. Now if we were talking about something like video poker, then yea, 14k hands would be nothing. Scala already has plenty of syntactic sugar for chaining method calls, so you can write stuff like: myObj explode 10 times which translates into myObk.explode.10.times() Through the magic of implicits, you can make any builtin type auto-cast to your wrapper type, so there really is no need for syntactic macros - scala is already DSL-enabled. Given a chance of being up of 40%, the chance of being up (and this is ignoring the magnitude of the win) over 3 separate trials is 6.4%. Because unless the major browser makers ship it in their mainline product, it's worthless. Most soundcards will have a virtual input that records the output. Audacity can record from any input your soundcard provides. Don't know how much I an really disclose, but, for us (small-ish daily, ~20k circ), once we went to a (partial) paywall, circulation defiantly went up. Our model is that you must be a subscriber to get through the paywall, all print subscribers get online as well - you can get online e-edition/pdf access without home delivery, but it costs the same. Our circulation is higher than it was two years ago. Not sure many papers can say that. A big chunk of that is classifieds, so the (no longer any) money is going to Craigslist. As far as "Any individual newspaper can make more money by giving their news away for free and selling advertisements than they can by charging readers.", that is absolutely NOT true. Advertisers pay much more for ads in paid publications. Has to do with reader engagement. It's W3C, what were you expecting? It's the very best example of death-by-committee I've ever seen. If they designed a lightbulb, it'd require a 9 step checklist just to get it out of the packaging, wouldn't fit in the industry-standard socket (because, of course, they've reinvented the wheel again, poorly), and by the time you actually got the thing installed the rest of the world will have moved on to better light-producing devices, but will be forced to deal with the W3C brain-damaged version of the lightbulb because it's a "standard". Isn't the argument more that SVG sucks, rather than that there is anything fundamentally wrong with vector graphics? Liquid Mountaineering looks to be the exact opposite of this. That was clearly a platform just under the surface of the water. The actual footage was genuine, they just weren't doing what they claimed to be doing, whereas this certainly looks to be a total fake job. Stage magic vs cut-rate Michael Bay No, I defiantly have, and it does. For a standard 13 years in the making, the number of decent FULL FEATURED implementations is minuscule. Stuff that mostly works likes Inkscape tends to use it's own dialect and not fully support all the features. With fairness, no you can't, not truly. Please point me to the version of HM the works with inheritance. Plus, due to stuff like __getattr__, the interpreter may not know until the method is called if it even exists. It would be totally possible in python to write a class where when any arbitrary method is called on a class, a function is randomly generated and called, with a random number of arguments, etc. It doesn't even have to be consistent from call to call. How on earth would H-M type inference cope with that? The point is you can't just bolt on H-M to a typical scripting language and expect it to work, like, at all. It's a pretty huge sea change, and it would warp the underlying language to the point where you'd just end up with some of non-lazy, non-pure Haskell. Really, which? I have never come across a site using MegaUpload to host non-pirated content. Not one. single. time. I'd love to see some examples of this non-infringing usage. Surely you can find some via archive.org easily enough, if they're so common? Well, they're just bytes OVER THE NETWORK. But once those bytes hit the telco at the other end, and go out over the POTS network, that's not free to the originating carrier. Cyberlocker services yes, but megaupload specically? When I've seen stuff like that used in actual communities it's been either stuff like dropbox links, MSN's one (SkyDrive, or LiveDrive, something like that?) Never MegaUpload specifically. Would that really help? If you're going that far couldn't you just make all of your sockpuppets follow each other? I actually agree with the comment, but for entirely different reasons. For me learning Python first (Well, not first, but it was the first language I learned that wasn't like...qbasic or pascal or something nasty and dos-y like that - I started using Python circa 1.5.2 on an early G3 Mac) ruined just about every other language for me because, well, they're just all so much work . Python just stays out of your way so well 99% of the time, and it has the nicest (Not necessarily LARGEST, but best curated/most coherent) standard library of any language I've used. That said, Scala (and Lift in particular) have been catching my eye lately - not quite as elegant (but with a few new tricks too...), but the performance characteristics are certainly appealing, which is the one area where python is...lacking. As an alternative viewpoint * It's complicated * It doesn't really do much for you (have to spend lots of effort/time/learning plumbing in all the 3rd party libs) * Lacks sensible defaults for many things * Documentation is rather lacking. Oh, there's tons of it, but it's rather maze-like and hard to use if you don't actually understand the system. High-level overview/cookbook type stuff is severely lacking. It's "free" in the sense that it's not a subscription. Not free in the sense that Amazon pays the provider (AT&T in the US) to provide the access, the costs for which are rolled into the business model -> Amazon's fees from the publisher -> Content prices. So you end up paying for it in the end, since say, $0.05 of every dollar (totally made up figure) ends up going to AT&T. So, to coin a somewhat wordy phrase, it's free-as-in-jet-fuel-when-you-buy-a-plane-ticket. LyX is ok for what it is. It certainly gets some use, even in publishing. But at least for me a big part of the appeal to TeX is that it isn't a (%*#% GUI. It's text. I can edit in an efficient plain text editor, "refactor" styling, etc. I've even at times generated TeX code programmatically (It's often less painful for stuff like receipts than writing a PDF generator by hand, usually looks better too.) So, I'd like a better input language, but I _don't_ want to fundamentally change the way it works. Just don't make me use a textual-replacement macro language. Well, they got (at least) one thing exactly right: Doing away with the "toolchain". Having one command that can figure out how to build your code, including downloading external dependencies, is really nice. Pity about the whole "not having generics" thing though. But, unless I'm missing something, it's missing the supporting bits you get in a nice functional language, like algebraic datatypes and pattern matching, which make that style much more pleasant. Of course, most of the functional language DO have generics, and full type inference to boot, also. What do you think the transparent covering over the actual screen is? Arguably lisp doesn't NEED generics since unless you go around setting lots of type pragmas, the typing system generally doesn't intrude. So, in other words, Lisp doesn't have generics in the same way Python doesn't have generics. He's probably thinking of "IceWeasel" which was a rebranded firefox a linux distro (Fedora maybe?) was shipping due to some sort of copyright/licensing quirk. What's worse, it _reduces the value of the swear_. When I swear, I mean it . What's your machine? More RAM would certainly help, more CPU cores ( real cores, not hyper-threaded "virtual" cores) will too. Is it? I mean, bargain basement budget desktops have more cores than a typical server of 10 years ago. A 24 or 32 core server can't really be considered that exotic these days, can it? At least for music, jambase.com does a pretty good job. They don't cover free gigs, it seems, but even for local artists playing small venues their listings are pretty complete, at least in my area. Sure there's a way to do it - actually police activity and don't flagrantly flaunt the law. Megaupload is basically the online equivalent of selling weed out of a pizza parlor. But that is I think OP's point, Haskell forces you to "model", versus something like scheme or python where you can just sling dicts around. Haskell absolutely forces you to do a non-trivial amount of thinking up front, which is counter-productive when you're trying to throw something together in 10 minutes. But, if I remember correctly, the haskell map is typed, isn't it? In python you can mix the types of both keys and values in a single dict freely. It's very useful. Use it like you'd use a bare object in Javascript, as a freeform data container to hold whatever properties you need. A bit like a key-value NoSQL store, actually. Sure, why not. I mean, I can't offhand of a time that I've really used mixed keys, but I also can't come with any compelling reason why it's a bad idea. Ad-hoc data comes up all the time. In PHP, if you forget the check, and have error reporting turned off (which you should), you'd never KNOW you forgot the check, because missing it is only a logic error, whereas an exception blowing up a python script will be caught by the runtime. It's true in the sense that giving everyone desktop publishing software in the early 90s led to lots of beautiful typography and well thought-out layouts. I'm just calling it what php.ini calls it. The settings related to displayed errors in the page are error_reporting and display_errors. The error logging is a totally sperate group of keys starting with log_ So, what exactly ARE the good parts? * Syntax? Sucks * Arrays? Or wait, are they hash tables? Sucks * Stdlib? Sucks * Performance? Sucks I sincerely doubt that. PHP has fundamental issues. It's like the people 10 years ago saying "if [other OS] was as popular as Windows XP, it'd be overrun with malware too". No. The issue wasn't Windows marketshare, it was the completely crap security. Let me let you in on a little secret. We don't want you. I'm dead serious. If you're blocking our ads, and not even allowing us to count you as a visitor by blocking our analytics code, we'd really just as soon NOT have you burning up our server's CPU and using our bandwidth. You got the content. That's your side of the deal. Not really. $200 in 1982 = $475 in today's money. You can buy many, many systems for that kind of money. It might LOOK that way, but I suspect it's more likely the opposite is true. If this device landed on a hard surface it would be a very high deceleration, as there is no way for it to deform and absorb the energy. A device of more traditional construction can deform and actually stress the components much less. If the outer case could deform even a few mm on impact (which most consumer plastics would instantly rebound from), that could mean the difference between a 100g deceleration and a 2000g deceleration. They are offering free shipping on orders over $50... I wonder if they honor Prime also? Might be rather lucrative (for the customer) as steel is deceptively heavy in bulk. Thinking about stuff like the 1" steel rod I used to use as material in shop class for lathe work. Not always a bad thing. All but the worst of the worst are going not want to screw over a relative, even a distant one. I can't imagine doing lots of reading on a non-eink screen. Much easier to sneer than get stuff done, isn't it? I don't think it's the assembly line at all. I think the cause is the move to doing stuff on PCBs, doing logic in proprietary controllers rather than electro-mechanically with relays, limit switches, etc, and consumer demand for lower prices, which generally leads to lots of molded plastic and other similar cost-cutting methods, rather than use stamped metal or other more expensive processes. Low fees. High quality customer support. Pick one. You can't have it both ways. Interesting that they don't seem to even mention the simplest possibility: Maybe most advertising isn't actually very influential, period. HTML5 a panacea. Not to mention it's completely impossible. How can you remember that someone is opt-out without...tracking them. Cost? Seriously? It's like $40. I disagree with you on sheet music vs tab. GOOD tab is more informative than sheet music. Specifying which string to play a note on isn't something sheet music is very good at, and from a tonal perspective, it _matters_. A 4th string 5th fret "A" on a bass is VERY different from the same note played on an open 3rd string, for instance. Oh, wow this is really awesome. Shame I could never use it, since it's out of my price range as a hobbyist. Seems insane they don't offer pricing that covers my use case, especially with stuff like home robotics being such a big thing these days. There's no way I could afford even 1/10th of the $3.5k they want for the full version, and I'm not a student so I couldn't buy the $75 student version. I'd have no problem paying $150-200, just to play around with this. Dickens' method had more do with economics. Most of his audience was not especially well off, and books were VERY expensive back then, as in over $100 in today's money. Umm, he was SELLING. Nothing about his release was donation-relevant. At that point is there any difference from just pirating it? You're going to be in violation of the license anyway - I'm just they have a no-transfer clause. Remember the last two-wheeled, gyro-stabilized future of transportation? The one that was largely a commercial flop, and which the company president ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Heselden ) _drove off a cliff_. You need to factor in the medical bills, though. With a loaded weight of under 1000lbs, in any sort of collision, this thing will lose . Doesn't really matter how strong the frame is, it's just simple physics. Similar situation with the "Smart" car. The passenger cell can take a 60mph impact into a barrier just fine. The passengers - not so much, the g-forces inflicted are much higher than a traditional vehicle. Even 12-18 inches of crumple zone would make a BIG difference. Even hitting another one of these or a similar super-light vehicle, you both still lose . For survivability there is absolutely no replacement for deformable structure aka crumple zones. On the other hand, they also require charging infrastructure, and there is some loss in transmission, so you don't get to keep all of that efficiency. Disagree. Readability and reasonable shoot-self-in-foot protection are not optional. See the article from earlier today about not catering to power users. Same concept. You can't really design a language for the top 5% of programmers and expect it to gain any sort of acceptance. (See: Haskell, Ocaml) You should really check out modern diesels. A VW TDI engine has cleaner exhaust than a typical modern gasser. You could hold up a white handkerchief to the tailpipe and it'd stay clean. Well, they are, but they fall into the "Designed for Top 5% of Programmers" trap. Basically - it's a balance - don't be too dumb, but don't be too clever either. I'd submit Python as being solidly in the middle ground here. +1. I bought a Golf TDI 2 months ago, and couldn't be happier. I'm getting "only" 35mpg overall, but that's just because with a great chassis setup and lots of torque it's hard to keep your right foot out of it. It's that near-impossible combination - an economy car that's actually a blast to drive. Great highway cruiser too - nice to only be turning ~2200 RPM at 70, and getting 45 mpg while doing it. Yes, more or less. 1 Imperial Gal = 1.2 US Gallons. No, that's not the flaw (although it is true). It can get 96mpg. It can go 100mph. It _cannot_ do both simultaneously. I would posit that you are in the Top 5%. Can you imagine your average PHP web dev trying to grok monads? In the at-times echo chamber around here it's easy to forget just how many people make a living righting VBScript macros, Java, or Cold Fusion, or whatever non-sexy language you want to name. US Spec TDI is a bit closer to the GTD. Engine is only 140HP, and we don't get the fancy trim bits, but we DO get the sport suspension, which is a big part of why it's fun to drive. I think it's softened slightly from GTI/GTD spec, but not by much. I'd love to have had the option of getting a GTD though...but it's kind of insane how poorly the Golf sells here... only sell about 15k of them a year, in the whole US. As of right now about 60% of those are TDIs. NB: That's not counting GTI or Golf R sales...in the US VW treats those as separate models, not trim levels. It might still be relevant. Aren't there still some issues with collecting personal information from minors, given some of the absurd "think of the children" internet laws that were pushed though? Sounds like he made the biggest mistake by caving the first time around. If he'd stood his ground at first, maybe pointed out if there was any potential for confusion (a key point in trademark law), it was the other way around, as he was the one with an established user base and a 10-year history. It's very simple. As a creative person, who produces creative work, I desire a world in which it is possible for me to make a living doing that. To put it in terms HN might be more comfortable with - how would you feel, if you operated a subscription website, if someone came along, and swiped your code and content, and put it up for free. Would you support that? Because nobles in the feudal system would patronize great artisans to produce work. All the great composers were basically salaried employees of various lords, majors, dukes, etc. Or how about everybody that uses these fucking inane rules just do something sensible - like lock an account out if there are more than 5 failed logins in a row. Using a setup like that even "4321" is probably secure enough. Obviously use a secure hash on the backend as well. To a point. However, it's also rather painful to add after the fact in many architectures, and you've ever been up against that wall once, you'll never want to be in that situation again. Plus, almost all of these techniques will also speed up page generation on a lightly-loaded server, so that's a win in any circumstance. Not sure why this is news. They've existed in Europe for over a decade. i've had them on my VW Golf almost since I bought it (Mirrors: http://www.ecstuning.com/Volkswagen-Golf_VI--TDI/Exterior/Mi... ) they're convex, and variable radius. They're great. MUCH better than the "Car and Driver" technique. The problem is, as usual, regulator - DOT requires carmakers to sell new cars with a flat drivers side mirror. Aren't you going to have a really hard time being at all price-competitive with all that middleman-ness? Seems to me they are being hipster - the opposite of true cool. They're grasping at straws - whatever seems to be hot. Sort of. True coolness is not something one can consciously attain, only earn through actions. You can run into some weirdness there with commands that exist in both DOS and Unix, if you aren't careful. echo, find, sort, etc. For extra credit, compare and contrast this approach to the US justice system. It's Catch-22! If they don't help, they're not trying to increase productivity. If they DO help, their OWN productivity will suffer, and if they are truly in, say, the 10%, they are probably more productive than a newbie will ever be. Only if you don't consider having a totally compliant implementations for pretty much every platform a feature. YAML is a big hairy beast. That saying annoys me to no end. Sure, time has value, but just because something took $x hours does NOT mean it had an opportunity cost of $x*$rate. While technically true, frankly spotify might as well be. While exact numbers aren't disclosed, I've seen a $0.004 per play royalty thrown around enough that it's probably at least ballpark. It's called capitalism. You're paying for the convenience of not having to wait to move in, not having to sign a long-term lease, etc. Of course you should expect to pay more than someone who puts up with those downsides. No, it's not. Do you really not understand how basic retail economics works? Are you expecting someone to buy high and sell low? As you yourself proved, if people will pay it, that's what the market rate is. Think it's extortionate? Don't pay it and make other arrangements. Housing in NYC is expensive. Frankly, it's like whining that Porsche won't sell you a 911 for Miata money, and that furthermore, the car rental agency charges the equivilant of a monthly payment for just one week! Stop the presses... It has everything to do with it. Supply and Demand, etc. "Taking advantage" is a moral term. A capitalist would call it "leaving money on the table". Anyone else think the granularity is a bit too high on these? Neat concept, but I have to wonder if they wouldn't be a lot easier to interpret with about half the point density. Steam makes it so you don't have to plan ahead and make backups. We don't pay sales tax on steam purchases. I assume the Euro price has the 20% or-thereabouts VAT factored in? I fail to see how only porting some _new_ features is screwing them over. The device will continue to do everything (+more) it did they day they bought it and signed the contract. Does anyone find it a bit hilarious that the top comment on Sergey's post (as of right now, anyway), is some brazilian spam bot? Is the quality of the site being kept up, though? Questions certainly feel "worse" than they did 2 years ago when I first started following SO. Way more "homework" or "newbie south-east Asian programmer asking for THE CODEZ" type questions than there ever was back in the day. I'm not really sure how you fix that, although slightly raising the barrier to entry (perhaps require they at least pick a username?) might help reduce the "drive bys" who ask a poor question, and never accept an answer. > Booting with a working framebuffer isn't something that tickles only the "kernel guys" interest Is it? If my computer boots up directly to X anyway, why do I care about a framebuffer beyond the standard vesa stuff? PS: If Linus would get off his high horse about closed source drivers, and commit to have at least a somewhat stable ABI, that would do more for hardware support on linux than 1000 years of ranting and moaning, which if anything, will only alienate the hardware makers even more. My fundamental problem with that approach is that I don't want to read 5 sites. I want to read 1 site with the content I want on it. The ghettoization of stack-exchange was a mistake. Give me an interface more like reddit - let me pick which areas I want to see questions from, all merged on to one page. But his stance actually makes us much MORE beholden to the 3rd parties. If every minor kernel version didn't require the vendors to recompiled drivers, and quite possible change code because Linus changed the ABI again, that would result in more hardware working better for more people. Live the open source dream if it makes you feel good. I live in a world where if it doesn't work , I couldn't care less about it. Pragmatism > Dogma As time goes on, the number has certainly decreased. Look at how popular rss ands sites like reddit are. In fact, in terms of my actual daily "rotation" of sites, there are exactly 3: Reddit, HN, and Gmail. I absolutely want to visit less sites. Stack-Exchange as a product for me would have significantly more value to me as an integrated network, rather than the current mish-mash of partitioned off sites. Let me search all questions, let all questions (in tags I don't have filtered, and of subject areas I've added) appear in my questions list. Hrrm, that's a start. Any way to get this in the SO theme? I like that lot more than the SE layout. What about ATI? Sorry, should have been more clear. What I really meant was having things like the score, number of answers, etc, in nice big numbers next to the question. Which is what I mostly do these days. Open source 3D drivers will have a hard time EVER being useable for anything beyond glgears... everything in that space is going to be really patent encumbered. Actually, there is a reason. It forces people ( most people, at any rate), to actually look at a list of numbers, rather than simply thinking of one. Like, imagine you asked a group of people to pick a number between 1-100. Some numbers are going to occur out of proportion to a random distribution. If it's a geeky crowd, you'll probably get at least 10% picking 42. Whereas if you give them a list of the first 100 primes, and ask them to pick one, that sort of cultural bias should be mostly gone. I realize that's not exactly the scenario involved here, but the concept still applies imo. Would work? Getting someone to type in foo.com off the back of a shirt is probably hard. Getting someone to go to foo.com/blah is harder. So what exactly is the point of PHP then? If you want to write Java, write Java. If PHP has any place in the world at all, it's as a language for the web with a minimum of extraneous boilerplate. If it fails at that goal, well, wtf? If you're going to be all proper about things, why not just do it in Python or some other sane language? I disagree with point A. The old behavior makes a LOT more sense symbolically. I tell you that you have no apples. Write the number of apples you have on a piece of paper. What did you write? I bet it was 0, not some arbitrary, non-writable symbol for an abstract concept that could mean "nothing" or "error" or "empty" or .. Probably. But then again, we're talking about a language where THIS happens: php> echo "2coolforschool" + 1; 3 php> echo "2.1coolforschool" + 1; 3.1 php> echo "coolforschool" + 1; 1 So treating all kinds of garbage as valid numbers is absolutely part of PHP. And everything old is new again. Everyone hated java applets 15 years ago. As long as you're not sharing your Dropbox, it doesn't matter at point. Copyright Infringement is a crime of distribution (or more strictly speaking, reproduction), NOT possession. Are they actually still doing that? For the last year or so, recaptcha seems to only serve up nonsense words. Most the time, with bands that have that policy (I am, admittedly talking like club and theater shows, not arena rock shows), advance notice to the ticketing company + a copy of the original purchasers drivers license is considered sufficient. It's a nice check and balance, and covers the "sell for cost to a friend/acquaintance" route, but is a determent to the professional scalper, since he is required to surrender his identity, essentially, to a 3rd party. Actually, the real standard in a civil case, at least in the US, is "the preponderance of evidence". When you offer nothing in your own defense, guess how the court is going to rule? It's like saying you sold a car, but absolutely refusing to show a bill of sale, registration in the new owner's name, etc. They did. He is on record for running the site, and didn't offer any evidence that he is no longer running the site. That's like saying 91% of the Windows market is 3 major versions, XP, Vista, and Windows 7. 2.x and 4.x are very different beasts. No, casinos take bets, they don't make them. Important distinction. They don't initiate anything. There actually is. If you read the sites for serious gamblers, they pay lots of attention to the exact rules in place, especially for blackjack. It's defiantly not a commoditized industry. The gamblers visit the places with the best rules. If you're playing blackjack at $500 a hand, playing against a 1.1% house edge instead of a 1.2% house edge matters. Throw LOTS of RAM at it. 8gb seems to be a good starting point. For the web, I find Lift's "View-First" setup much compelling, and easier. The issue I have with traditional web-framework MVC is that it assumes that each URL associates with one controller, which I've found to be very straightjacket-esque. Often the pages I'm building have many separate bits of functionality present, from simple stuff like a login box, numerous widgets, and then the main thing the page is about. In lift, each URL maps onto a view, which will contain the templating code for that page, including perhaps inheritance to pull in an overall template, and then will contain one or more (and perhaps MANY) snippet invocations. A snippet in Lift is kind of sort of like a controller method. It takes the contents of it's template tag as input, and as output returns a transformed document tree, using what ever resources (models, web service calls, calling out to other classes, etc) it wants to do that. If you write the snippets in a general way, binding text off of IDs, this allows you to get different outputs for the same data, depending on how you call the snippet - it's like passing a partial template in as a closure. Very different but powerful - the snippet handles the LOGIC, but only abstractly the templating. It's a very powerful paradigm - it frees you from the MVC straightjacket, since you can arrange and organize your code however you like, but forces very strict separation of concerns - it forces you to compartmentalize your business logic, but doesn't force you to do it a certain way. Lift does really cool stuff with your xHTML/HTML5 templates too - it's truly operating on a server-side DOM tree, none of this is textual substitution. http://www.assembla.com/spaces/liftweb/wiki/Templates_and_Bi... for more info. Bullshit. Please show me your Rails-or-similar app that's doing INPUT parsing in the view (embedded JS doesn't count) Yea, having done a two small projects in it now, my brain is starting to adapt to it a bit. Maybe a bit easier for me than for some, since I never really bought into MVC all that hard, so I'm not having to break too many habits. In the Finance sector, I suspect the answer would be "doesn't exist". RAM is incredibly cheap. I don't think you can argue that at all. Until very recently (on an historical time scale), mechanical copying wasn't possible at all, so copyright isn't some new thing, practically, it's just that in ye olde days it wasn't a relevant concept because you couldn't copy art - there were no CDs or records, lithography, etc. If you wanted to hear a Beethoven symphony, you had to find an orchestra that was playing, and travel to see it. Even duplicating printed work was much more work, since the type would have to be reset by hand. While the funding model was certainly different, the era was much more different. Using the romantic era or earlier as proof that (in modern society) culture could flourish without copyright is ludicrous. Seems like a fair way to do it (while still extracting lots value), would be to a sort of dutch type auction. E.g. theater seats 1000, so you take bids for the max people are willing to pay. Then, once that closes out, you take enough people to fill, say, the first 5 rows off the top of the list, and charge them whatever the lowest winning bid is of the people in that group. Repeat for each tier going back until the venue is sold out. This actually tackles the inefficiencies at both ends - people willing to splurge on great seats get them, but if a show is not high in demand, you might still get people who kind of want to go to pay, say, $5 for the nosebleeds. If you ever read the 2pt font on the back of a ticket, you'll find that what you have bought is in fact a ticket license . The physical ticket itself is just for convenience, what you're paying for is the right to attend. and for every startup company using php, there are 100 shitty local ad agencies knocking out brochure-ware wordpress sites. >That may be so, but it is difficult to suggest that the legal system is corrupt in the west. Is it? I think it's hard to argue that it ISN'T. How else can you justify poor people getting 20+ year sentences for relatively minor crimes, while white collar criminals can steal MILLIONS, and get a slap on the wrist? When's the last time you saw a major celebrity or pro athlete actually A: Get convicted for something, and B: Serve real time? Nope, not at all. Non-violent drug offenders can and do get 20+ year sentences in the US. Especially heroin and crack cocaine. There are some insane mandatory minimum sentences here. I'd say they're fair if you can afford a good lawyer. If you can't, and have to take a public defender, you are, in most cases, screwed. Gross inconsistencies. Have a little crack on you? 5+ year minimum, quite possibly more, especially if it isn't your first time. Whereas the rich will pay some high-priced lawyer with connections, and get a plea deal, probably for probation, for just about anything short of murder. I think you're completely missing the point. This is the system, and it isn't fair. The outcome of a criminal trial being strongly correlated with your bank balance is pretty much the definition of an unfair legal system. The a large percentage, perhaps even a majority, of trials end in the striking of some sort of deal before the case ever goes in front of a jury. You'd better believe that the successful local lawyer who's the DA's golfing buddy gets better deals than some zit-faced public defender who just passed the bar exam. I know that sounds quaint, but it happens all the time in America, especially in small towns where the good ole boys club is still very much a going concern. The UK maybe, not so in the US. > All court cases are held in public, so if you are interested in the full evidence, etc, you can attend the hearing in person. Most, but not all. The judge can hold a private session if he chooses. Show me an investment right now that is returning 6% per year without substantial risk, also to be fair in 40 years $300k is highly likely to be worth much less. For instance, 40 years ago, $3000 would buy a competent sports car, new, (MGB), and $7500 would buy a V-12 Jaguar (Source: http://www.teglerizer.com/new_car_prices_in_1972.htm ). Imagine telling some in 1972 that if they put $50 a month in an investment account, in 2012 they'd have $37,500. That's sound like an enormous sum to them (10 new sports cars!), but when they cashed out this year I bet they'd be underwhelmed with the buying power of all that saving. Something to consider mentioning - there are some in PHP these days that take this sort of stuff a bit too far. Drives me nuts to see people writing classes to encapsulate a 3 column database result. So much overhead and boilerplate. That's exactly my problem with it. It's just that when you do in PHP, you don't get any of the benefits you derive from all the Java BDSM. I don't think it's arbitrary, just selfish(1). As a user, I want the best experience possible, and don't really care wether I get it from Bob's House of Widgets, or Alice's Sprocket Emporium. I don't even especially care if Bob sort of copies some of what Alice is doing. I just want the best widget for my dollar/time spent. (1) In the Objectivist/Randian sort of way, not in a negative way. Imagine Bit.ly gets backdoored, and that shortlink is repointed at a script that just contains rm -rf / Perhaps they've run the numbers, and decided that a fair price for, say, a 25G account is less than the hassle of having to do billing is worth? I'm kind of surprised they haven't tried a sort of kickstarter model. E.g. People commit to buying your title, and when you hit the threshold they get billed (and get the game), and the game instantly gets approved to into main Steam. The required minimum could be based on revenue rather than sales , so that a $1 game requires a lot more potential buyers than a $40 game. It would not be for pre-funding. A completed game (or at least nearly finished beta) would need to be submitted through some sort of basic approval process - scan the installer for viruse, make sure it actually loads, etc. Of course, at the same time, given the history of phantomware in the console sector, I'll be a lot more impressed when the actually ship good, functional hardware. Drupal is ok, but a bit old-fashioned and quirky. It's highly callback/hook based, which is fine, but it doesn't always have hooks where you need them, in which case it gets pretty ugly. Magento is on a whole other level of suck. I worked on a highly customized Magento site 3 years ago, and it was the worst experience of my professional career - lousy software and client-from-hades. The Magento folder structure is just completely insane...some of the templates are like 8 or 9 subfolders deep, and it's the huge mashed up pile of Zend Framework and homegrown MVC, none of which is well documented (Since after all, they want to push you to paid support...) Oh, and to further cement the suck, the main database tables are in EAV form. Tons of fun to be had. May not quite as high-brow as much of what i've seen listed, but: Sporcle: http://www.sporcle.com Isn't that basically the best possible reasonable outcome in that scenario? Would you prefer to spend the same amount of money, and then wait 3-8 weeks for it to get shipped off to a repair facility to be worked on? Did you seriously just compare the CEO position at Yahoo to a _start-up_? To think the two are even in the same zip code, much less the same ballpark, is just, well it reflects a rather isolated viewpoint, put it that way. Yahoo is a $19B corporation. No, that's exactly how I took it. Oblig car metaphor: That's like saying hey, as an alternative to a free Lamborghini Aventador, you can have an old Pontiac Fiero chassis, and a Chevy 350 with a blown head gasket. If you're really lucky and amazing you might make something worth 1/10th what the Lamborghini is. Fiero: Pontiac's great experiment at making a European style sports car. A real _proper_ sports car: Mid-engined, rear wheel drive. Except, because most most of the parts were from other GM vehicles, it was mostly shite. Still - very popular with kit car/replicar builders because they made quite a few of them (~350,000) and they're cheap as donor cars. Chevy 350: Basically a commodity engine. 5.7L pushrod V-8. Used in lots of GM vehicles from the late 60s through the early 90s. Camaros, Corvettes, Cadiallacs etc. Built tough, cheap, and there are a gazillion aftermarket parts available. It's fairly unusual these days. Only thing you'll find with an engine that big is either a full-size SUV, a large truck, or a Corvette. Plus, if you weren't here, you might not appreciate just how horrible the "EPA era" engines were. Much stricter emission controls + not having the technology to really meet it led to some really de-tuned engines. Wouldn't be unusual for a 5-6L engine in those days to only make 140-160HP stock. I'm not going to waste time bashing PHP, that's a dead horse. I'm just going to say that's it's a bit amusing that of the things he lists as "revelations" python has had since: 1. when dinosaurs roamed the earth (lambda) 2. 2003 (wsgi) 3. years ago (pip/easy_install) 4. ages (db-api) and in Python 1.0 in 1994. Also, I can find no reference to PHP having anonymous functions/lambdas prior to 5.3, which is the version number given in both the linked article and PHP docs. create_function is not equivalent to a python lambda. It's just a function for creating other functions. The key thing with a lambda in python is that it is defined at the usage site. so you can do: filter(lambda x: x > 42, mylist) Whereas in php that would be: $mylambda = create_function('$x','return $x > 42;'); filter($mylambda, $mylist); Yes, the usage strings as code adds yet another level of WTF to this example. Exactly. More cogently: If PHP is where python was in 2007, why wouldn't I want to use the python of 2012? I wonder if a lot of that is the death of CRTs, which didn't have a "native" resolution. That's the one thing I really miss about old gaming. Playing something at 640x480 and having it look good, and not be resampled. Might be why the current crop of pixel-art indie games annoys me too, come to think of it. The natural slight blur from CRT overscan is gone. That's true, but it's no better there, either. Here's some sample curl client code in PHP. $c = curl_init("https://someurl/some/api"); $msg = /* some data here */ $opts = array( CURLOPT_POST=>TRUE, CURLOPT_USERPWD=>" ", CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER=>array("Content-type: application/json"), CURLOPT_POSTFIELDS=>$msg, CURLOPT_SSL_VERIFYPEER=>FALSE, CURLOPT_RETURNTRANSFER=>TRUE ); curl_setopt_array($c, $opts); $d = curl_exec($c); curl_close($c); Every option in that ugly argument array corresponds directly to a commandline option. Extreme training is already "screwing up the body". Look at many marathon runners drop dead from heart attacks before they're 40. But is moderate drugs + moderate training worse than extreme training + no drugs? I guess my point is, that it's ultimately up to each competitor as to how hard they push their body. Try convincing someone to build out basic utilities without giving them one. I like to be able to flush my toilet, personally. Yes, W3C is good for having set-in-stone specs 5 years after they've ceased to be relevant. I don't think 3D printing is going to replace injection molding any time soon, even for relatively small runs. The cycle time is just so much longer - an injection molding machine can make most parts, even quite large ones (think big plastic trashcans) in on the order of less than a minute, sometimes much less depending on the machine. That's also ignoring that the plastics you can injection mold have better mechanical properties and surface finishes, too. Of course, true small run stuff isn't usually injection molded anyway, due to the amount of time and effort and high grade tool steel it takes to make the mold. Where 3D printing really IS changing things is prototyping and the occasional one-off part, but we're quite far off production usage. It's not event that cheap. Makerbot charges $45 per KG for their raw material, whereas steel (in bulk) is more like $1/kg, and even in small orders (like say small bar stock) is $10-$15/kg. Well, it depends on what you're doing. The problem with 3d printed stuff is that it isn't very strong - you can make crazy curved gears and stuff with it, but it's not going to hold load. Honestly, for prototyping for small amounts of money, your best bet is probably a bridgeport-type vertical mill. You can do turning/lathe operations on one of those too with the right accessories. Not automated, and not fast, but if you need to make one off parts it's about your only option for hobbyist-type money. You'd be buying used, obviously, and you'd need a garage/workroom (This isn't something you set up in your house)... There are some fairly economical small CNC machines now (We're talking $2k or so, price-wise), but they are intended primarily for model makers - any part over about 2"-3" and they literally can't cut it, where-as with a good manual milling machine and some time/sweat, you will typically have 24" x 24" x 10" travel available. Commercial injection modeling is going to be at the rate of perhaps a thousand per hour, not per shift. Many parts will be set up so that a single "hit" of the mold can produce dozens of parts. In manufacturing, processes are used that have a minimum number of steps. Cycle time is critical. Even CNC doesn't have that much penetration outside of a very few select industries, namely aerospace and some automotive. Very little, if anything, on a consumer product will be CNC made, for much the same reasons 3D printing will have a very hard time catching on for production. One real niche for CNC is actually making molds for injection molding - that's one case where taking dozens of hours to cut a single part isn't a problem, as that one mold can stamp hundreds of thousands of parts. Source: I'm actually a manufacturing engineer by training. EDIT: And yes, I think 10 years is much too soon. Industry has a huge amount of money invested in existing factories. Much of that equipment is useable for decades to come. You would have to get quite a bit better than the existing standard for them to even think about replacing the existing lines. Really? Besides the selection, I think Netflix's keep-it-as-long-as-you-want policy was a big reason it took off. True, but that's ok. The real boon to the netflix model is that it doesn't make you consider individual decisions financially. Once you're on the service, deciding to see something, or keep it longer, or whatever, doesn't have financial implications, so you don't even think about it. Buy them lunch, or even better, beer. That is what a marriage (in the United States) is. It is a civil contract. There is nothing inherently religious about it. You can go down to the county courthouse, pay $20 or so, and be married by a judge. That some religions have a "marriage" ceremony is orthogonal. What makes you married in the legal sense is the marriage certificate you get from the government. Any ceremony is just for show. What the US Government defines as marriage is purely a civil thing. ...and if you were a fresh college grad you'd be bemoaning all the entry level jobs requiring five years of experience. I really wish that was a joke. That's the real issue. Gnome and Unity are both targeted at some sort of hypothetical casual linux user, that doesn't really exist. Casual users DO exist, but they want iOS, not Linux - or more generally - an appliance, not a general purpose tool. There were plenty of people who liked AOL too. Does that mean we should still be on dialup? PS: I've read very, very, few comments, on any site, from people who claim to "like" Unity. At best it's more of a "it's not as bad as everyone says". Because it ISN'T feature parity. In OpenGL all the fun stuff (e.g. the stuff that's in DX9+) is in vendor specific extensions. A bit like vendor prefixes in CSS, except they can actually be implemented differently, have different names, etc. It's BAD news, and the main reason why 99% of AAA games use DirectX on Windows. I found that video very offputting. I couldn't linger on scenes I found interesting. But that's just it: A fallback. Not totally separate codepaths for NVidia, ATI, etc, which is pretty much where legacy openGL is. Mostly, yea. You can buy on Amazon, but even there you're still buying it through a carrier, with a plan. So will susceptibility to car sickness become a federally-protected disability? Well, at least in my case, it only happens as a passenger. I can sit there, and I'm fine, but the instant I try to read something, watch a video, or something like that, I start to feel bad. Actually, even a glance at my GPS while driving wil occasionally cause a twinge. That's actually really interesting. I've always worn glasses but my vision has gotten progressively worse as I've aged - it's not bad, even now, I can legally drive without glasses - but it's enough to be noticeable. I also was much less prone to motion sickness when I was younger - I would happily read full novels while riding along as a grade schooler. Much more likely SEC/investment regulations. I suspect the success of SublimeText was a big part of it too. Everything TM2 promised - today, and cross-platform to boot. There will always be a market for a language without training wheels. > The problem is that newspapers with paywalls are now optimizing their business to run on the 20% of revenue they never actually used to have instead of advertising which has historically paid the bills. That's a gross oversimplification. Online ad revenue isn't even in the same zip code as print ad revenue. While I can't really discuss our actual ad rates, it is a significant difference. The sites I run, 3 daily newspapers, total print circ is ~80k for all 3 combined - would barely pay for my salary and the servers from ad revenue, if that. Certainly wouldn't pay for the newsroom. Since we went to a moderately strict paywall (approx 50% of stories are paywalled - typically the in-depth stuff) - page views are done a bit, but subscription revenue is up more than enough to compensate for the loss in page views. It's an old saw, but it's true: Print dollars become digital dimes. Can we get some neutral coverage on this guy once in a while? Why always torrentfreak? One convention I use in lots of my code, where I'm doing typical file-esque type stuff, is to call my input file object `inf` and my output file `outf`. Makes it nice and easy to keep them straight. Then that's a sign the credibility is a bit lacking. Basically, in his position, Dotcom is free to spout off whatever he likes, he would have a hard time getting himself in any deeper. That does not mean anything he says is worth anything. Shortness is a real virtue here - the kind of code I'm writing where I do this is typically short, one off things, usually no more than 100 lines. Personally, I strongly dislike camel-casing, and never use it in my own code. I just find it ugly. I'll admit that's oldschool, and use lots of short variable names, often abbreviated. This tends to be less of a source of error than a typoInAnExtremlyLongAndVerboseVariableName. For all the blather that gets thrown around about the DMCA, the safe harbor provision is what basically allows a large number of the biggest sites on the internet to operate. Do you think we would have a YouTube without it? Actually, the prevailing attitude when Diaspora was announced was that it had as much chance as a bumblebee's fart in a hurricane. Would be interesting to see numbers of time actually taken. It is my understanding that in Japan it isn't unusual for an employee to not take so much as a sick day for years - and don't even mention vacation. The corporate culture is so "dedicated" that's it's really unhealthy. Disagree. The bazaar model SUCKS at getting rid of cruft. New stuff gets added sure, but old dependencies never seem to go away. It's just accretion. The prevailing attitude is that "hard drive space is cheap." This inevitable leads to calcification and the perpetuation of sub-par solutions, like auto-crap. It get used because "everything else uses it". Yep, seems pretty accurate to me. In fact, my home system is pretty much identical to their hypothetical 2008 i7-920 system. I have made a couple of upgrades over the years (Replaced the original Radeon 4870x2 with a GeForce 560 about 9 months ago when the ATI card died, recently upgraded from the original 6GB of RAM to 24GB. Looking at what's other there now there's nothing that makes sense to upgrade to. JSON conceptually has been around forever. Lisp s-exps date to the original McCarthy paper in 1958, and could represent pretty much everything you can do with JSON, key-value pairs, lists, nested structure, etc. If you can afford 10Gbps to the internet, $22k is probably chump change. Well, yes and no. If you actually USE 10gpbs your data transfer bill is going to be around $167k per month (That's for transferring 3.34PB). Actually, a bit higher than that since I calculated all based on the cheapest tier EC2 will quote on the web, 5 cents per gigabyte. For a one time 3TB download to an EC2 instance, priced at the first pricing tier of $0.12/gigabyte, that transfer will cost $360, and take around 40 minutes. That's a 1Gbps connection . Try sustaining 1Gpbs and see if you don't start getting nastygrams. There is a huge difference between a residential connection with a peak speed of X and an X speed connection. > Today, we know how that story played out. We have PS3 Move and Xbox Kinect Neither of which has really taken off for gaming. The Wii wasn't really a success either. Sure, they sold a lot of consoles, but the console is sold at - at best - break even (and only there after 3-4 years on the market). All the money is in the game licensing (Paid per copy from the developer to the console maker). Wii owners just don't buy that many games - I remember a study that pegged it at ~half what a typical Xbox owner bought. Nintendo lost almost a billion dollars last year. Kinect Adventures was a pack-in game, so that doesn't really count. So far, there have been only 7 Kinect-required titles in 2012, and except for 1, all are either movie tie-ins or rhythm games. The one exception is Steel Battalion, which managed a whopping 90,000 sales, and a 35/100 Metacritic score. In fact, only 2 Kinect titles have even managed to break an 80 on Metacritic, both music games. None of which disprove my main point that motion control _for gaming_ is DOA. Just like 3D. Many patents are "obvious" - after the fact. But how do you hold it comfortably with that big bump on the back? I wonder if Google could "solve" #1 by moving to more of an affiliate model. Like say Gmail went to a model where it cost $10/yr - but you could earn it for free for a year by performing various tasks - spending $100 on Amazon, book a hotel through Hotwire, whatever, stuff like that. For the "desirable" 1st world citizen, that's still free - it's stuff they do anyway. Everyone else either pays the $10 or goes elsewhere. Win-Win-Lose Which is a problem in and of itself...languages shouldn't have config files. Angry Birds was made by Rovio, not Chillingo. Chillingo is a publisher of 3rd rate knockoffs. Baccarat is a special case. The cards are only used once, and then disposed of. They don't use shuffle machines because cards never go back into the shoe. They wouldn't get the same tax dodge though. European delivery works out because you don't pay new car tax if you buy the car in Europe, drive it enough so it's no longer new (~100 miles or so) and ship it home. This exemption was originally put in place because a bunch of GIs wanted to bring home the sporty little cars they drove in England during WWII. Kindle 4 was 600x800, Kindle Paperwhite is 768x1024. Doesn't bug me. I like the DPI increase. Might be truly to retina levels, but the difference should be noticeable. While I think a lot of this is good, did anyone else get the feeling the _real_ gist of it was: "shower me with $$$"? Ok, as someone with just a little bit of Haskell/FP exposure, that sounds cool...I think... but...English? Ahh! Makes sense now. Thanks. I agree, but I think d/m/y is _equally_ silly. YMD is clearly the thinking person's choice. It's the one that naturally sorts in lexicographic order, and also naturally extends to YMDHMS. You have to remember that surface area increases with the SQUARE of size, but volume by the CUBE. So scale it up by a factor of 10 and you have 100x the surface and 1000x the volume, so it will melt much slower. Scale it up by ANOTHER factor of 10, and it'll melt another factor of 10 slower, and possibly more. Building-size blocks of ice take months to melt, even in warm temps. It applies regardless of scale. The proposal had internal refrigeration, and air is a very poor conductor of heat - most of the heat transfer would occur with the water, not the air, even if the air was 10-20 degrees warmer, maybe more. Yes. If it was going to take off in a big way it would have. Would have been much better off if the spec was 10% the size and covered 95% of the use cases rather than the actual monstrosity which almost nothing fully implements correctly. Couldn't you get around that by calling it a moped rather than a bicycle? Because quality either means writing tons of test code, or having lots of process and manual regression checks. Any impediment to shipping code makes things less fun for many developers. Take a deep breath, step back, and read what you wrote. That's like saying, who would ever buy a MacBook Pro? Why, just can just buy a motherboard, a block of aluminium, some commodity chips. Just break out the vertical mill and soldering iron and spend a few weekends on it. Why spend $1300 on $500 of components? I've never understood the obsession with Turing machines. It's like basing one's core belief of what a car is off one of Da Vinci's crazy wind-up things. It's close. The tooling is really user-friendly, which is a big win. Add some sort of decent generics and you're really close. A top-class GUI toolkit would be good too. The thickness of a case doesn't bother me. The ridge around the edge of the screen does. 17 years old is 1995 ;) To make us really feel old - the kids getting their driver's licenses today were not alive when the Lion King came out on video , much less was in theaters. The beauty is - it doesn't _matter_. It could be a linked list that links back to it's own head. It could be a network stream, or a series of events from an input device. The program doesn't have to care . The difference is that the Go style can provide a sane fallback, which the client code can IGNORE. For instance, the built in map type returns a pair of values, the first is the actual matched value, the 2nd a boolean. If a key is not found the value is set to the type's zero-value, and the boolean as false. So for a map of string->integer, instead of throwing a NoSuchKey exception or something, just returns 0,false. So there's no mandatory ceremony when you don't care. So are you saying python is not a sane language? >>> a = {} >>> a['foo'] Traceback (most recent call last): File " ", line 1, in KeyError: 'foo' It appears your code will find the value _twice_. That is less than ideal and not equivalent at all. The big difference is that this is basically just ad-hoc networking. All of the game logic is still done on the client side, with no synchronization. There is absolutely nothing to prevent speedhacks, wallhacks, aimbots, etc, all of the reasons that the big boys stopped doing it that way a decade ago. Or 2 pages per visit is an absurdly low number. Strictly speaking that's merely a convention. Python simply has explicit method receivers. There's nothing pretty you from calling it `obj` or `foobaz` or whatever - it's just a normal variable. JD Power isn't much better. Supposedly they really do select based on quality, but it's setup so you have to pay MASSIVE fees if you ever want to acknowledge publicly that you've won. Is that really a bug? Kane , while a technical masterpiece for it's time - shouldn't be up on some pedestal. As art it is, while powerful, also not flawless. If you had to pin me down to a black and white era drama, I much prefer, say, 12 Angry Men to Kane as _art_. I realize this is going to be an unpopular opinion, but I think that for the long term sake of the language, the 3.x schism was bad, and will ultimately be regarded as a big mistake. In the time the community has spent dealing with/bickering about the transition, other languages have continued to forge ahead, while python just hasn't kept pace. It hurts me to say that - I like python a lot, but lately it just doesn't seem to have it's mojo. The problem with lighter than air craft is that the payload fraction is minimal - you need a big craft to get a fairly small useful load. This problem is worse if you don't use hydrogen. For comparison, the S-64 Skycrane (a heavy lift helicopter), weighs 19,000lbs, can lift 20,000lbs, and is 70ft long. The Zeppelin NT, a modern semi-rigid airship, has an unloaded weight of 24,000lbs, is almost 250ft long, but only had a payload capacity of 4,200lbs. I think that is sort of the point. There was a carrot (better performance) to go with the stick. Python 3 was pretty much all stick, unless you were a unicode fetishist. $1000. But only when it can do metal. Or at least much stronger/better surface finish plastic The problem with that is that the current tech can't print anything with material that has any sort of reasonable mechanical properties - the stuff is quite fragile. This doesn't really make sense. She's complaining that at an event with 97% of attendance by men (by her own statement), they got, say, 92% of the bathroom facilities, and then throws a fit. Not buying it. If this is the biggest outrage in your life you should consider yourself fortunate. And now they have non-minimal expenses, and they are unlikely to have another hit of even half Minecraft's success ever again - Minecraft was a HUGE outlier. You're not wrong at all. I'm currently investing moving our sites (a network with 1M+ visits/and 12M+ pageviews) from Drupal 6 to Rails. We have a large amount of custom code (I've written 20+ modules for this platform), and yet we've gotten to a point where we really want Drupal (and PHP) out of our lives, because it isn't worth the headaches anymore. Feels like trying to hammer a nail with a screwdriver. Until they get hacked, and if history is any guide, they will get hacked. > How many WOW addicts will have time to think "never again" and follow through Somewhere between -infinity and zero. There is a word for those people: Foolish. Anyone who ties up 20%+ of their annual income in car payments is, frankly, doomed. Regular consistent amounts at set intervals is a bit of a giveaway. Bad info. They make money on the financing, so are likely to be more willing to negotiate on price if they think they will make it back on the financing. Doesn't mean you can't can't _pay_ cash, but 95% of dealers you don't want to be too upfront about that. I actually find storybundle a much more intriguing project, whereas Humble is it's usual "Hipster" self - e.g. stuff I've already heard about, stuff that has a fair amount of promotion behind it in there first place. With books, mostly unlike with video games, curation is an actual value-add: there's absolutely no way any one person could keep on top of all the new book releases. Hipster in the reddit groupthinky sense. I don't see how you can say it has more moving parts. Sure, the back wheel pivots. But...no rear brakes no chain no sprockets... no freewheel... Trademark lawsuit in 5...4...3... T and scroll up a couple ;) E-ink would suck for coding. Imagine doing all your work over a really laggy SSH connection. That's what typing on an e-ink display feels like. Looks bad on mac Chrome also. So the lesson seems to be, if you want to do AWS, don't use US-EAST? Seems like that's always where these big meltdowns are. Not sure I agree with your Amazon example. Think about the websites that are commonly spoken by the general public - none of them have a pronounced "dot com" Nitpick: Cost per unit of digital goods is low , but not zero . Servers, bandwidth, CC fees, sysadmins, etc. They're absolutely marginal costs, if you look at the right way. Takes more servers and fatter pipes to support 10,000 downloads a day rather than 500. I really wish IntelliJ would work harder on keeping their plugins up-to-date...the version of the Ruby plugin for IntelliJ (which they sell as supporting all of their various language-specific IDEs) is well behind RubyMine (It's not even on 4.5). I had the option at work (we are moving into doing some Rails stuff) to get either IntelliJ or RubyMine. I decided to get the full-blown suite, at over 2x the cost, because we do do stuff in other languages. Had I known that I was spending more of the companies money to get a product that was inferior for my main usage, I certainly would have just gotten RubyMine. I thought that way for a long time too - but ultimately I think the limited/artificial soundstage with headphones has to hold them back a bit, in the realm of merely "very good" rather than "nearly perfect". My headphone rig objectively sounds better than my speaker rig, but the speakers ultimately sound more natural, even if by objective measurements (e.g. frequency response) they're markedly inferior. (Neither rig is super high end, not too far above the ~$1000 system at the end of the article, but they are all properly chosen and installed components.) You can't really say that for cars, either. Look at the premiums paid for "numbers matching" cars. Diesel doesn't vaporize to any significant degree at temperatures experienced on Earth. Haskell is a lisp. (With unconventional syntax admittedly) Linked list as primary data structure? Check Functional? Check Macros? Check (Implemented as normal functions, since with lazyness you don't actually need macros for control-structure type constructs) But this isn't "because of X". Anything you can write as a macro in lisp you can write as a normal function in haskell, without special gymnastics. I think you might be selling it a bit short... Imagine if they could build up a ratings profile of people who rate the same place similarly, and then network that out... for instance: Person 1 likes A and B, dislikes C, and hasn't been to D Person 2 dislikes A, likes B, and C, hasn't been to D Person 3 likes B, C, and D, and hasn't been to A Person 4 likes A and D, hasn't been to B or C So, A has 2 likes, 1 dislike , B has 3 likes, C has 2 like, 1 dislike, and D has 1 like. That's the start of a rating scale. But what if an algorithm could identify that, say, Person 1 and Person 4 have similar tastes... so it could recommend D to 1, and B to 4. It can also see that 2 and 3 have similarity, and recommend D to 2. Now, here's where it gets a bit tricky. The algorithmn can tease out that A and C are opposites - maybe one has great food, but with bad atmosphere/service, and the other is the opposite. Thus with that deduction, it can recommend B, but not C to 4. The Bitcoin "community" really is it's own worst enemy. One other BIG difference (significant enough to drive me to Rails, even though I prefer Python to Ruby), is that Rails 3.x has a lot of very nice "quality of life" features that django is lacking. * Baked in migrations. * The asset pipeline Honestly those two things alone are MAJOR headache savers. Django and Ruby 2.x are probably more or less equivalent, but Rails 3.x (and especially the upcoming 4.x, with very cool things like cache digests) are just more modern. It isn't about rounded corners. It's about polished implementations that don't suck running on solid hardware. I'm actually going the other direction. Our current implementation is a Drupal 6 site, and we are gearing up for a re-write in Rails. For us, we find the 20% that isn't easily achievable to be a real pain point, and also that at our scale some of the design decisions in Drupal are pretty painful (20k+ users, 500k+ nodes). The DB setup in Drupal is very join heavy - on the new site many things that are joins in Drupal will be single table - many things drupal offers one-to-many on we only need one-to-one, so can avoid the join. Plus, with the modules we're using we're more or less forced to use MySQL. Rails site will be using Postgres. We've made the corporate decision - after many bad experiences - to purge PHP from production, for the sake of our sanity. We are not doing this lightly. The current codebase has ~2.5 man years invested in it. Right below the Buy Subscription button. Comments like this annoy me. Open source zealots are always rambling on about how you can just "fork it and do what you want!" - and then when someone actually does , watch the pitchforks come out. http://bootswatch.com/ That's exactly my point. How is it intellectually honest to push for openness, but then to belittle people who use the rights the license gives them? It's redeeming quality is that the only worse UIs are every other IDE. (Expecting perhaps Visual Studio, which is not a viable option for non-MS shops) You're a bit off in your chronology. Swing was big up through the late 40s - Glenn Miller and Duke Ellington dominated the charts. Bebop didn't really take over until the post war years. What's your budget? If you have any real technical ability a VPS is an excellent option. I'm not so sure about that. In my Golf TDI I have a demonstrated of $0.114 per mile. That's in less than ideal conditions, with lots of city driving. If I drove almost all highway, I'd be getting more like 45mpg rather than the 34mpg lifetime I have, so at the current price of diesel ($3.90/gal) that'd be more like 8.6c/mile. Compare how long it took to go from 1Ghz to 2ghz (about 2.5 years), to the current situation. I bought an i7 920 (2.7ghz) in late 2008. Now 4 years own and speeds have crept up to about 3.4ghz. For the last few years AMD and Intel have just been side-grading by slapping more cores on, instead of actually making faster chips. This sounds rather...performance killing. Too much abstraction is way way worse than too little, as well. I have one word for you: InternalFrameInternalFrameTitlePaneInternalFrameTitlePaneMaximizeButton The only people in a new york investment bank making $80k/yr are the janitors. Because MySQL is owned by Oracle. Don't see how Django apps are really any different from Ruby Gems/Plugins. Furthermore, ActiveRecord is much less tied into Rails core than the Django ORM is to Django.[1] [1] - Yes, you technically can not use the ORM, but then you don't get the Django Admin, which, frankly, is the only thing Django has over many other Python web frameworks. Many diabetics don't KNOW that they are. The Bitcoin community as a whole is rather susceptible to blind optimism. Good characteristic in a mark, not so much in a financial investment. Why is it acceptable in 2013 to charge ANYTHING for a digital copy when also buying the dead-tree? The devil is in the details. In the US, all speed limits are in 5 mph increments. So, let's say you convert your 60mph limit to 100kph (Really 96.5). 70mph is 112.65kph. Do you round down to 110, or up to 115 or 120? If you round down, congratulations, you just cut the speed difference between a rural highway and interstate essentially in half, as a "true" 17kph difference is only 10. 0.003" could easily be thermal expansion or humidity. "Will de-focus?" Anyone who was paying attention when they starting shoving Unity down user's throats knew where this was headed years ago. > If I were to do that with an Ubuntu phone, though, I'd have access to much more mature productivity software built for the desktop. Sure you COULD, but serious productivity software is written to make maximal use of input devices. Keyboard shortcut usage is often not optional. That isn't going to translate to a touchscreen, or even a slide-out microkeyboards. Ok. So now how are you putting the screen at a readable distance and angle? At the point you're carrying around a keyboard anyway, why not just have a Macbook Air? I've long suspected that when programmers ask for dynamic typing, 95% of the time - or more - they are really trying to save FINGER typing, and not data typing. This is perfectly fine and good - bookkeeping is one of those things that computers are good at. Or he lives RIGHT on the edge of a timezone ;) ConTeXt is probably even better if you're doing lots of layouts and inline figures, sidebars, etc. Let me tell you a little story. I spent the long NYE weekend in Washington, DC. On Friday night, my phone was stolen. This was, obviously, rather painful and distressing, not to mention inconvenient (being alone in the middle of a city I don't know very well, suddenly cut off from maps, yelp, wiki, etc. Luckily, back at the hotel I had my laptop, from which I was able to remote wipe my phone, get contact info for my carrier to get service shut-off, and file an insurance claim to get a replacement phone. The moral of this story: Beware of excessive convergence, and always have a Plan B. If you'll allow a car analogy - isn't this like saying backing up is slower than being parked? Yes, it's a negative number in the context of a forward velocity vector, but it's a higher energy state. Why do language designers continue to insist on semi-colon terminated lines? But it's not triviality - it's noise - Signal: Good - Noise: Bad, got it? If you REALLY need end of line markers, any half-way competent text editor can display them for you. Doesn't even need to be 2D Layout. See, for instance, ruby. Also, for instance, the (quite nice) Sequel library in ruby makes this painless DB["insert into foo (bar, baz, qux) VALUES (?, ?, ?)", bar, baz, qux].insert And the library handles all the escaping, and even type conversion for you (e.g. Date objects to SQL compatible date strings) Another I'd add is lack of a clear execution model. There is something to be said for being able to just run 'python foo.py' Where as in many lisp variants there is no clear entry point, and often not really an "interpreter". The difference is that Python is actually a designed language, rather than an unholy congealed mass. I'll accept this argument when PHP starts shipping with sane defaults. It's only quite recently that register globals got turned off in the default config. and many shared hosting providers are still on 5.2, and many crappy old scripts require register_globals on. Yes, it is PHP's fault. It's endemic to the general attitude of the PHP team. "Now just marginally less braindead than every other language" isn't exactly a selling point. Sure, it used to be worse, but I see zero commitment from PHP to actually make real steps to fixing the situation. A real first step would be to start working on a 6.x release that actually removes the gazillion deprecated-but-still-present-and-thus-used things in the language. and if they're REALLY smart they have a deal worked out where they don't have to buy the license until you play a track for the first time.