I think the main difference between VeryAnts and these are that those are actually supposed to be useful in some way. But I could be wrong. Do you have any suggestions? I'm all ears Is the source code for this available somewhere? I'm curious about how exactly you're sending the text messages, and I can't really tell anything from a quick glance at the binaries included in the zip. Definitely yes! I'm currently a senior studying CS. Many of my classmates freshman year had never written a line of code in their life beforehand. Now, some of the best programmers I know at my school are those same people. If you're passionate about it and willing to put in the effort, then I say go for it! What (if anything) are people's thoughts on runit? I started trying out Void Linux a couple of days ago, which uses it by default. I haven't spent a whole lot of time reading up on it, but from my initial understanding of it, it seems to avoid the issues that people seem to have with both systemd and sysinitv. (Of course, it might just be that it's not used by enough people for anyone to have strong negative opinions about it) I noticed the same thing while reading it. I assume that this is just a mistake or misunderstanding by the author, and they actually meant "weaker". Of course, switching to a weaker set of axioms would mean that some of the things proved by the old set might not be provable anymore, which still seems like an issue... My Dutch professor in college actually wrote out the "ij", but the tail of the "i" connected with the "j", making it appear to be "ÿ". It kind of blew my mind the first time I saw him write it out haha This is freaking amazing Google Keyboard just started doing that to me, and I can't figure out how to turn it off... > I can walk around a bad part of town at 2am, but if I get shot, I'm still going to be mad at the shooter. I'm not sure calling LinkedIn the shooter in this analogy is completely fair; maybe more like the cop two streets over getting a donut. I definitely prefer more verbose names to abbreviated ones, but I'm not sure that never abbreviating a variable name is the right way to go either. Surely there's a middle ground between `Ttpfe` and `timeOfTenPercentHeightOnTheFallingEdge`? This is really cool! Are the sets of three predefined, or are they getting pulled randomly each time? Also, is there some sort of you used to get the info (date, scoring call, video URL) for each play, or did you manually scrape it? Suggestion: keep track of which ones have already been shown in the current streak to avoid repeats? I did 100 of them, maybe 10% of which were repeats (I got Bellsprout four or five times on its own) I think in the context it was used, "the law" is referring to the FOIA rather than being used as the general term for all laws. (Not taking a stand on whether the statement is correct or not though, as I don't have any specific knowledge about that) Some of these are pretty amazing, like the `digits` method and the new OptionParser functionality (which seems to be a sort of standard library equivalent to doctopt!). That being said, I can't help but shake my head at the section about "multiple assignment of conditionals: "You can now assign multiple variables within a conditional...You probably shouldn’t do that though." Am I alone and thinking that it's a little bit hypocritical to specifically add functionality to your language if you don't want people to use it? Or is this just a joke that's gone over my head? I just did another hundred (on ultimate), and got Marshtomp, Shellder, and Pawniard each twice. Also, I got one wrong at one point (Misdreavus's silhouette was just an unrecognizable blob to me haha), but it didn't have me start over and instead just let me try the other options. Not sure if that's expected or not, but I figured I'd check, since it didn't give me a message telling me what was going on, so I thought the button wasn't working at first. I'm still waiting to get either Voltorb or Electrode and have them both in the options. It would be literally impossible without viewing the actual image... Ah, okay, I confused this with an official recommendation. Thanks for the clarification! Not disagreeing with the relative simplicity of Python compared to Ruby, but the degree to which the Python community is adamant that there is always only one way to do something has always baffled me. What about `map` versus a list comprehension, or `glob` vs `os.path`? Obviously Python has pretty clear standards about what the correct way to do something in the language is, but I feel like the persistent claim that there's always exactly one way to do something can range from oversimplified, misleading, or just plain wrong. Thanks, that's a very clear and well thought out explanation. I'll make sure not to take the skeptical detracting too far in the future! > There are many horror stories of non-Apple consumer laptops breaking, and it taking weeks for them to be repaired. At Apple they fix laptops in the store in a day or two, depending on whether they have replacement parts in stock. The only time I ever went to an Apple Store for support on a laptop it did get get fixed within a couple days, but they also replaced my fully-functional hard drive (with all my data) when the only thing broken was the SATA cable. The conversation I had to have with them to convince me to put my original hard drive back in the laptop was pretty mind-numbing, going through stages of "we don't know where the hard drive is" to "we have it, but we can't give it back to you". I did eventually get the original hard drive back, but that experience kind of soured me to the whole "Apple experience", one of the many factors that eventually led me down the road to learning Linux and basic PC repairs, allowing me to order SATA cables and the like from Amazon and replace them in laptops myself. What blows my mind is that it's actually like 15% shorter than since that includes the makefile and readme JS, too, right? Forget "large" standard library, there really isn't any standard library at all Not necessarily; looking at it another way, having lots of programmers who are interested in R might mean that the job market for them is fairly saturated, meaning recruiters don't have to advertise as much or as long Well, JS was originally competing with Java applets in the browser, but, like you said, fitness for purpose is pretty significant! My point (or rather, the point of the parent comment that I'm agreeing with) there's a lot more than just the presence and characteristics of a standard library that determine how widespread a language becomes I'm not sure I'd classify them as a standard library; they're essentially just pervasive global variables. For a comparison, think of Java; the standard library is things like `java.util` and `java.swing`, which goes far beyond having the `System` and `Math` classes available in `java.lang`. I'm pretty sure Rust was originally written in OCaml, not Haskell. Unfortunately, I'm unable to find any references for this, as googling mostly leads to other comments (on HN and reddit) saying the same thing, and Wikipedia's footnote for the sentence stating this seems to be a reference for other parts of the sentence. That being said, Rust itself is heavily inspired by Haskell; most notably, Rust's traits are pretty much equivalent to Haskell's typeclasses in almost every imaginable way, up to and including the way they can be derived for types. Too bad we had to go and make displays with different pixel densities... By "gender specificity", do you mean the word itself, or the people targeted by the insult? Using the word "gato" to describe a woman would be nonsensical, and I don't think that a word predominantly being used to insult only one gender (such as "bastard") makes it any less of an insult. In this case, I don't think the distinction is really that important; I think checking if someone is single or in a relationship to target them with an ad is more intrusive than checking if they're in a group of a few dozen thousand people who are single and like cats. Which style do you use for this? I tried doing something like that once, but there were issues with visibility in a lot of the sites, so I ended up having to go back I sometimes do that, but the output loses the color it had, which can make parsing it a bit tricky (although the less noisy new format will help a bit with that) Thanks, I never knew this trick! This is working for me with "cargo build", but not "cargo test" unfortunately This partially works for me with "cargo test"; it also seems to print a control character ('^O') after every colored string, as well as at very beginning of the output. Additionally, after a certain amount of output (maybe 1.5 times my terminal height), it prints an ellipsis and stops printing anything new. Thanks a bunch for pointing me towards `expect`, though! I hadn't used it before, and I'll definitely do some experimenting with it to see if I can get my desired output with it. Cantor's diagonalization is a great example; I'm definitely not a "math person", but I was awestruck the first time I learned about it. People had explained the idea of uncountability to me before, but I never really "got" it until then. I can't think of a better word to describe its effect on me other than "beautiful". I remember when I was in my middle school orchestra, occasionally I'd get a piece of sheet music with this problem. If it was bad enough, it might even make it impossible to read the last few notes. If you could fix this for your wife, I'm sure her students will greatly appreciate it! I'm not sure I follow your example; what if the ten tallest people are all on the same section? > It's never used anymore, I suppose, except for the old school people who still have enough muscular memory built up to write it that way. I know I do; I learned it from some computer magazine in the 80's and have a hard time letting go. I was born after the 80s, and I use that shorthand (although I suppose this probably says more about me than it does about the shorthand itself). I didn't even understand the original comment until I read through the whole thing because I mentally read it as "Ctrl+D" A bit tangential, but I just noticed that in the Arch Linux repos, `libtiff` is version 4.0.6, but there's another package called `libtiff4`, which is version 3.9.7. I don't suppose anybody here might know the rationale behind this bizarre version/naming paradigm? Ah, okay, I somehow didn't realize that the trailing number referred to the number in the library file. Thanks! My only gripe with the newer MagSafe variant is that the part that attaches to the actual port comes out much further than the old one, so when I sit with the laptop on my lap and my legs crossed, I always accidentally push it upwards with my left leg just enough that it becomes unplugged, and then I don't notice it's not charging until I get a notification saying my battery is low. I can't imagine anyone else has this problem, but it happens to me several times a week. I don't see how that would be any less hard to define than `setMonth` or `setHour` But `getDate` is separate from `getDay`, so why isn't there a `setDay` as well as a `setDate`? So why not have a method that sets the day of the week as well? It just seems odd to me that they would implement setters for all of the other time units but not this one Given that `setMinute` sets the minute in the same hour and `setHour` sets the hour in the same day, I'd think `setDay` setting to the day in the same week would be rather logical What if I wanted to get the day at the beginning of the week that a date occurred in? For instance, if you had a payroll system where you paid hourly workers weekly, it would be useful to be able to bucket the hours worked on the day that the paycheck is sent So setting the day of the week would set to that day in the same week the date occurred; I don't think that's any weirder than calling `setMonth` to change the month on a date I'm pretty sure he's saying that they made it too easy to read, at the expense of being easy to write (with the premise that these are opposite ends of a spectrum stated above) It seems to be missing "aid and comfort" (from the clause of the U.S. Constitution about treason). Not sure if this is used anywhere else, but it seems similarly redundant from my non-lawyer perspective, in that if were only "aid" and not comfort, it seems absurd that it would be functionally different I have the QC25; they similalry for me as the other models do for you. I'd highly recommend them to someone looking for silence in an open office (Note that you'll have to be listening to some sort of sound for them to be maximally effective; simply turning on the noise cancellation without playing music or some other sound through them reduces the noise, but not by as much) > I carefully curate the people I follow, roughly for any given day, I can read the tweets in my timeline written on that day - all of them. When twitter's algorithm "surfaces" certain tweets, it removes them from the regular timeline, so if I dismiss their seemingly randomly selected "While you were away", I wont ever see them again! How brain-damaged is this? I have the exact same issue; I follow less than thirty accounts, and I want to read everything from all of them. When I tried dismissing the "While you were away...", I was missing many tweets, so I was forced to turn it back on. I bought the Lenovo Ideapad 700 a little over a month ago, and Linux has been running beautifully on it. I needed was to add a couple of kernel parameters to be able to adjust the backlight, but I had to use similar parameters for my last laptop, so it wasn't a surprise to me. It came with a 128 GB NVMe SSD as well as a 1 TB HDD (which I switched out for a spare SSD I had), 16 GB of RAM, and a 6th-gen i7 quad-core processor. The graphics card it came was with an Optimus setup (i.e. using the discrete Nvidia card for acceleration only and the integrated Intel graphics for everything else), but given that I don't do anything GPU-intensive and I didn't feel like doing an advanced setup like PRIME, I just disabled the discrete GPU in the bios settings. I find the touchpad to be very good quality, and it works beautifully with the defaults provided by the synaptics driver (I tried to use the newer libinput driver, but I couldn't find a way to turn off middle-click paste, so I switched back to synaptics). The screen is only 1080p, so it might seem a little low-res if you're used to Retina displays, although I honestly don't care enough to find it very noticeable. The only complain I have is that the computer beeps kind of loudly when you press the function shortcut to open the boot menu (e.g. in order to boot from USB), but given how infrequently I need to do that, it's not a huge deal to me. If you're interested, I got it through the link below for a pretty good price (the 'emailprice' querystring parameter seems to reduce the price by about $250, which is nice). http://www.adorama.com/le80ru00fsus.html?emailprice=t EDIT: If you have any specific questions about the laptop, I'd be happy to answer them! I'm extremely happy with it You're right, I completely forgot to mention the battery life! Mine is around 2-3 hours currently, and it will probably go down as it gets older. My last laptop had similar specs and similar battery life, so my current thinking is that most high-spec 15" laptops just have crappy battery life (although I've never owned a 15" Macbook, so if they have similar battery life to the 13" ones, they wouldn't fit this hypothesis). Of course, I have extremely few points of data for this, so if someone has had a different experience with a similar laptop, I'd love to hear about it! It does say "on the inside", which at least to me implies things like the processor and RAM and not the resolution of the screen (although I suppose opinions on this could differ) Actually, I think he meant it literally: http://www.earthkind.com/blog/fact-or-fiction-do-mice-really... And even worse, you have to download the font every time you load a different page using it, whereas you only have to download the browser once I guess my link was more relevant than I thought! Not saying you're wrong about this specific case, but I don't think the term "conflict of interest" is exclusive to the government. For (a somewhat vague) example, if I recommended my friend to a position at the company I worked for, "conflict of interest" would be an accurate descriptor for me being the one who interviews him for the position. Isn't it also possible that the strategies employed by top human players (e.g. deceit, having a gut feeling of what the opponent will do) could be less effective or even useless against an AI that doesn't think or act like a human player? Given how human-influenced the meta seems to be (at least, to my understanding), it seems plausible to me that this could be the case > restricting controls while typing is an arbitrary restriction considering they can communicate with audio asynchronously. On the other hand, if four people are simultaneously speaking to you, it's hard to understand all of them at once (especially if you're also talking at the same time); of course, an AI would presumably be able to communicate information much more quickly to other AIs than humans can to other humans, so limiting one to "speaking" at a time would probably not be that detrimental to them > I would have gone for Python-type exceptions rather than error enums and macros, single-inheritance OOP rather than traits, and Python-type with clauses rather than RAII. Personally, I find error enums with macros, traits over traditional OOP and RAII to be strictly positive features, and all three are among the (quite numerous) reasons that I love Rust I don't think it's discouraged (a least, not in the sense of it being considered bad); I think they're just being explicit about what guarantees you have (or rather, don't have) for recursive functions > It's very unlikely that a concept as broad as deceit is going to be disproven though. I mean just thinking about what that would look like that would mean an AI discovered that it's actually better to show your opponent what you're doing rather than trying to mislead them. I meant it in the other direction; what if top players rely extensively on deceiving each other, but an AI is better able to predict its opponent's strategy than a human an isn't fooled? Again, I'm not saying this is necessarily the case, but I don't think it's implausible I literally don't know anyone who actually uses their DE-specific editor, though I agree that jigsaw puzzles in general are not boring, but I also agree that 24-piece jigsaw puzzles are boring (at least, when they're not metaphorical) Or unplug them > If you're scrubbing the controller on the Touch Bar, you see the result on the screen, don't you? What if you touch the wrong part of the bar and accidentally do something else? I personally have trouble believing that I'd be able to consistently touch the right part of the bar without looking every time without there being an actual physical divide between the sections even if I did consistently remember the layout and functionality for every app I used. I think peripheral vision would help here, although that goes out the window if you're hooked up to a monitor and still using the built-in keyboard. I kind of have trouble imagining needing to use touch controls for a full thirty seconds for them to be useful. I don't even think I keep my hand on my mouse/trackpad for anywhere close to that amount of continuous time This gives me an idea. The keyboard on my phone recently added the feature to drag along the spacebar to move the cursor in the text, but it's far too small to be that useful. I think being able to swipe on the spacebar to move the cursor or horizontally scroll would be fairly useful (especially given how often I actually scroll slightly horizontally on trackpads when I try to scroll vertically) Hopefully the function keys on your external keyboard will still act like they used to! Am I the only one who just completely ignores `and` and `or` in Ruby in favor of `&&` and `||`? The boolean keywords do look nicer than the operators, but given that there are some contexts where you can only use the operators, I just don't bother using the keywords at all I'm utterly confused by your use of footnotes. You seem to have used two footnotes in your text (with the second one bizarrely being "3"), and then put three citations at the bottom, only one having a corresponding number in the text > whenever a company comes out with a linux-based "developer edition" laptop, folks don't buy it > The Dell XPS 13, for example, is a great looking machine - but too many folks were busy buying macbooks to help Dell learn this market segment does indeed want more products like this Not sure about the why other (potential) Linux users might not buy notebooks such as this, but despite single-booting Linux for the past several years, I wouldn't be any more likely to buy a computer with Linux pre-installed on it because the chances that the computer has a distro/configuration I would want to use is basically zero; if I'm going to have to reinstall Linux and/or configure it from scratch, then the fact that it's specifically marketed as a Linux laptop doesn't really give me anything. I suspect that this might be at least partially responsible for "developer edition" laptops failing, as at least in my anecdotal experience, many people who are looking for an out-of-the-box experience aren't generally inclined to use Linux as their main OS in the first place. I don't think calling someone a liar is the same as saying they don't know what they're talking about I was more talking about software (OS-specific and DE configuration, packages, etc.) rather than hardware. I've only first started using Linux about four years ago, and I understand it used to be quite different, but I've honestly never had any significant trouble with regards to hardware working on Linux. With the exception of the time that I put Arch on an extremely new Macbook, everything has always worked pretty well out of the box for me. The only hardware-related thing I've ever had to configure on my non-Apple laptops is adding a kernel parameter in the bootloader config to get the backlight adjustment to work. On the other hand, I've yet to find a distro that pre-installs a GUI with configuration and packages anywhere close to what I want in a setup. I go out of my way to use distros with an option to install without a desktop environment even if it has an option to install the one I want, since it usually comes with a lot of extra crap I don't want. Obviously I'm probably a little more extreme here than even most Linux users, but at least among Linux power users (i.e. the people I'd expect to be interested in buying a laptop to single-boot Linux) that I know, Unity is considered to be kind of terrible. Am I wrong in assuming that these types of "developer edition" laptops will generally come with a vanilla Ubuntu install? I admit that I've never really looked into getting one, so it's quite possible I'm mistaken in understanding the kind of setup they provide I mentioned this on the sibling comment, but I've honestly never had any issues with drivers/hardware support with Linux on laptops ( with the exception of putting Linux on an early 2015 Macbook shortly after they came out, which had a new wifi card model, one of those new-at-the-time force touch trackpads that used different drivers, etc.). That being said, I only started using Linux in 2012, and I know that things used to be much worse in that regard. As for technical support and training, I can see that being useful in an enterprise context, but again, I honestly can't see the type of people who want to single-boot Linux on their laptop being interested in support and training from Dell, HP, etc. It's been my experience that by the time someone is comfortable enough to use Linux as their sole OS (which many people don't want to do despite being comfortable enough due to needing Windows for other reasons, like gaming), they aren't really going to need or want any tech support from an OEM. You can also configure zsh to show you all the autocomplete options (files/directories, flags, command-specific arguments like git tags, etc.) and tab/arrow key through them visually: http://i47.tinypic.com/2qtwxnn.gif (The gif is a little slow, but you can obviously move through them a fast as you can hit the keys) I think the argument/joke he's trying to make is that he'd be happier without anyone using Windows (which would conveniently solve the problem of having to compile to Windows) I think this would actually be more comparable to the Either monad. Also, "without extra syntax or macros" is kind of a trivial distinction, as `>>=` is just a function, not some sort of magic. That being said, I really wish there were some sort of equivalent of `try` or `?` for options in Rust. I don't feel like I want monads in Rust in general, but when dealing with options, I definitely miss the Maybe monad. I kind of like how I can't forget to handle some error because the compiler will tell me In Rust, I think it's more idiomatic to just implement the `Display` trait on you error type so that you can generate the string when you need it instead of at the time the error occurs I guess I'm not seeing why having a function rather than a macro is really that much of a distinction in this case. Either way, it's essentially just a namespaced block of code that compiles down to an AST fragment; I don't think the facts that one of them uses the stack and that they're compiled at slightly different times really make much of a difference here. I usually just implement a `try_option` macro, which works well enough. I just wish it were a built-in thing in the language, as I don't like having to implement it for every new project, but I really don't want to include an external crate just for one macro. I generally tend to shy away from trying to convince people that they should change their operating system. I find it quite annoying in the (thankfully rare) occasions that some overzealous Mac user tries to tell me that my choice of machine/operating system is inferior, so I find it hard to believe that other people wouldn't feel the same way if I tried to someone else that their choice is incorrect (even if I feel strongly that it is). Of course, if someone is interested in learning more about Linux, I'll happily teach them as much as they want to know and give them my opinions of the advantages of using Linux. But unless the person is already open to hearing my opinions on the topic, it tends to be a waste of both of our time. Couldn't you also just open an incognito/private window in your browser, which would not have any cookies present and take virtually no effort (as opposed to manually editing the cookie or preventing it from being sent)? I might be misinterpreting this, but wouldn't that quote imply the opposite? If the states that voted for Clinton had fewer voters than before but she still won, the seems to me like that means that the people who did vote were Democrats, not those who didn't This seems to be devoid of any actual information besides what platforms it works on, and at least on my phone, I can't find any links to more information. What features does this have that make it better than what I already use? Is it open source, and if so, where can I look at the source code? Do I have to pay for this app or is it free (as in free beer)? Ah, from viewing the site on my desktop, I can see the link to the main site. It appears to be a paid app (but still in pre-release) EDIT: link to actual site: https://fman.io/ Is this available on Windows? The author made it pretty clear the target user was on a Windows machine You're probably right that Rust code isn't the most minimal way of doing this specific task, but I think the author's intended point was not "This specific task is best done by cross-compiling Rust for Windows" but rather "Rust is a viable alternative to using Python (or the like) for general-purpose cross-platform scripting; here is an example of something that's surprisingly easy to do with Rust". In this case, using a simpler example is just a way of making the demonstration of the concept easier, which I think is fairly effective. > Function keys are inverted by default and I have not established how to flip that at a system wide level Not sure about this specific Lenovo laptop, but if anyone else is having a similar issue on a Lenovo, I'd suggest checking the BIOS settings; my Ideapad 700 had a setting there called something like "legacy function keys", which made the function keys act like function keys by default (and required using the "Fn" modifier key in combination with a function key to change the backlight, volume, etc.) > My Magic Mouse 2 could only work like a dumb mouse Last I checked, I thought I saw this was a driver issue, not a DE one? I could be wrong, but I remember coming to the conclusion that it wouldn't work as anything but a dumb mouse at all on Linux (at least, for the time being) I've used this analogy as well to describe my tics to people, which I think has been fairly effective in communicating how it feels (at least, to people who are open-minded enough to learn about it) I was diagnosed with Tourette's in elementary school, but I've had tics for as long as I can remember. Similar to the author, I had a lot of negative experiences early on with people (both adults and other kids) mocking and telling me that I "did not have Tourette's". Starting around high school though, people seemed to become more open-minded about it, which I can only assume is due to people finally considering me old enough to be a credible source about my own health. I'm much younger than the author though (currently only 22), so I can only imagine how much more difficult it would have been to have to deal with ignorant people 30 years ago. I sometimes wonder what would have happened to me if I were born several decades earlier; with the combination of my Tourette's, OCD, ADHD, and anxiety, I can't imagine I would have been able to get the support and help I needed to become the self-sufficient adult I am today I suppose it might be possible to tell when someone is incorrect about a perceived medical condition if you know them well, but I can't imagine meeting someone for the first time and telling them that they don't have a medical condition that they say they have (which has happened to me countless times over the years with my Tourette's). Given that I've been diagnosed by multiple doctors, this either means that they don't trust medicine or they think that I would lie about a medical diagnosis (again, without having met me before). Maybe you can understand why some people think it's reasonable to tell compete strangers that their medical diagnosis a sham or that they're liars, but I definitely can't. Not taking a side on the whole Linux vs. GNU/Linux thing, but the kernel is decidedly not called GNU/Linux; it's just Linux. I don't believe in homeopathy because there's no scientific or medical evidence that it works. Fibromyalgia is a documented medical condition that actual doctors diagnose. I'm sorry, but I don't really see a parallel here. (That being said, I didn't downvote you; even if I wanted to, I don't have the karma for it) I'm not sure I understand the term "illegal operation" here. I would assume it means "an operation that isn't allowed", but in the case anything that is allowed (e.g. using null) would by definition not be illegal. Can you clarify what you mean by this term? Ah, so the term in this case is just used to mean "something that cases a runtime error"? I think I misunderstood because the comment I was responding to said "using a null reference", which to me doesn't necessarily imply dereferencing it (although that's open to interpretation of course). > Still better is grouped alphanumeric without potentially ambiguous characters (ie. generate number-1's but not letter-I's, generate number-0's but not letter-O's) git license-plate? I think from the fact that it was in quotes, "home" just means your default number > How do you remember which commit to diff against? Ideally your commit message would indicate this. If you're always consistent in the language you use to describe similar changes, you can just search through your git log to find it. > How do you easily pick out the relevant parts of that diff once many changes have occurred - months or even years later? You can use `git show` to just look at that one commit where you deleted the code I'm not sure I'd characterize it as "jumping through hoops", but Rust does lean strongly towards preferring immutabillity. Variables are immutable unless you give them the "mut" keyword when you declare them, and in cases where you need multiple pointers to the same data, it's impossible (outside of `unsafe` blocks, of course) to make one of them mutable unless you use a safe wrapper type like a`Cell` or `RefCell` (for single-threaded cases) or a `Mutex` or `RwLock` (for when you need to share access across multiple threads). But yeah, there's a strong bias towards immutability in Rust, although from what I understand this is more for safety than performance reasons. We also call those circular things in the roads "rotaries" (as opposed to "roundabouts" or "traffic circles"), and what what most of America calls Italian ice, we call "slush" > I have a fool-proof way to do this yourself. Use a mirror and a ruler. Place the ruler on the mirror and stare with your left eye into that same eye's mirror image, such that the ruler's 0 tick is centered on the pupil. Then, open your right eye and close the left. Stare into your right eye across the ruler and note the millimeters. Flip back to the left eye to make sure you haven't moved from zero. Damn, that's really clever. How did you come up with that? This seems to be implying that it's easier to code in assembly than Python, which I'd disagree with Interesting! I guess we only call half of the things by the wrong name in Boston instead of all of them then :) Because I'm one of the only people passionate about Rust at my job (and there are plenty who love Go), I'm often asked questions about Rust vs. Go, which actually perplexes me a little. Asking "What about Go?" when someone brings up Rust is essentially like saying "What about OCaml?"; the languages have a few similar features (as most languages do, IMO), but they have completely different goals and only a subset of shared use-cases (and again, you'll likely find at least some shared use-cases if you pick any two languages). I feel like constantly bringing up Rust and Go together confuses things more than it helps, since they really aren't that similar. Because there are people in Germany who want to get the weather? > I think people compare them because they were both designed as alternatives to C++ (or at least with that in mind). I find it really interesting when people say this, because to me, Go only seems like a suitable replacement for higher-level C++, whereas Rust could conceivably be used in any domain where C++ would be suitable. I'm not sure if this is the general consensus or just my perception though, so this could be clouded by my bias of being a heavy Rust user. My parents also worked their way through college on part-time jobs. Meanwhile, I just graduated with almost $100k in student loans, and that's with the money I made interning. Speaking as an American, it's not just the rest of the world that finds it silly... You have to work on most weekends and don't get any vacation days? Not to mention that in buying the soda in bulk, they'd almost definitely get a better price per can than a single six-pack I'm in the US, we usually get weekends off as well, which comprise of almost ten days off in a month, let alone a year. Personally, I prefer to be inside a vehicle rather than outside when there's precipitation Interesting read! I agree with most of this, but the I'm not sure I agree with the argument that it would be more effective to convince government agencies to switch to free software by appealing to a civic sense rather than a fiscal one; maybe I'm just overly cynical, but I find it more likely that government agencies would be swayed to adopt free software by showing them how much money they'd save. He's 15, I think it's okay to cut him some slack > How’s that for depending on global mutable state? This is quite possibly the greatest pun I've ever encountered Ah, true. I had forgotten the phenomenon where agencies make sure to spend their whole budget just to make sure they don't get less money the next year. I find it interesting that you use the term "offline" to mean "in the cloud". I generally use it in the _opposite_ way. I'm not really sure what this would achieve, aside from a shift in the topic of smug comments like this > With an armband you lose a hand for interaction. I think the comparison being made was between armbands and smart watches, not armband phones vs. regular phones. I don't know about you, but I _certainly_ can't use both hands to interact with a watch on my wrist. > I have many Fitbits (Fitbites?) and I've stopped using them because the app and website are "meh" at best. I'm curious about this. If the app and website are bad enough to stop using them, why do you have multiple? I would have expected the issues would be noticeable with just the first device. > Where will the tech, talent and investment go, if smart phones and watches are good enough, and VR/AR is a wash? Cloud services, I guess? They seem to be doing well enough to last until the next "big thing" comes along. > The parity of the ports at each end of the connection was required to be different: you couldn't connect an even port to another even port, or an odd port to another odd port. "Homosocketuality" was strictly forbidden by internet protocols! NCP's mandatory "heterosocketuality" was called the "Anita Bryant feature". [2] > ... > [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12422813 Well, that's a whole distasteful part of computer history I was blissfully unaware of before now. As someone fairly young (in my early 20s), it's sometimes hard to remember that things like this are very recent history, so I guess it helps to have some perspective every now and then. First Windows, then Node, and now Angular. I worry that soon we'll completely lose the ability to count properly. Do you use any extension to use emacs keybindings? I've tried out VS Code a couple of times and wasn't able to find an extension for emacs keybindings that had everything I use in it. When I tried out Atom, one of the packages for this worked fairly well (although I have other issues that prevent me from using Atom as my full-time editor) > What if the delete took place three commits ago? The original command he was suggesting a replacement for used `-n 1`, so it seems kind of silly to point this out to him. Oh, not sure how I missed this! I'll have to try it out EDIT: On trying it out, it seems to have reasonable support for most of the editing functionality, but the shortcuts for handling split buffers (C-x 0, C-x 1, C-x o, etc.) is completely non-existent. I'm unsure right now whether I'd be able to define them on mine own or whether I'd be willing to stick with it if I couldn't. It turns out the changes were pretty trivial (partially due to vscode apparently not allowing vertical split), so I just put them in my keybindings.json. For anyone interested: https://gist.github.com/saghm/6f97aea92029fec62067e658c6f02f... Reminds me of http://xkcd.com/385/ > If this is the case, then when someone entered the workforce has absolutely no relevance. What is relevant is staying current. It is absolutely ageist to assume that a 50 yr old is going to have more trouble staying current than a 30 yr old. I might be wrong, but I got the sense that the comment you're responding to is trying to make the exact same point. It even says that one point that the uncle's age was completely irrelevant to his not learning the newer technologies. I used Plasma 5 for a while and really loved the interface and the ability to customize almost anything, but what got me in the end was trying to sync settings across multiple machines. From what I can tell, there are a bunch of random files with names starting with "k" dumped in ~/.config that store most of the settings, but copying them to different machines didn't seem to work. Of course, it's not much easier to sync settings with something like Gnome, but it takes me a lot less time and effort to set up Gnome with the exact settings I like than Plasma. If I didn't switch around machines/distros a lot, I probably would have stuck with Plasma though. > All of this stuff is solveable with proper diligence but I prefer my language to enforce it. This is why I love Rust in a nutshell (okay, there are actually a lot of reasons, but this is a big one). Given the choice between my ability to write perfectly bug-free code and the compiler to make sure that my code is correct, I'll pick the compiler any day of the week. And that's before taking into account the fact that like most programmers, I have to work with code that's not mine as well. > There are languages with dependent typing, but of them I only know Coq, and Coq sidesteps the issue by the language not being Turing Complete. There's also Idris, which I haven't really used, but from what I understand, it's sort of like Haskell with dependent types. http://www.idris-lang.org/ How great would it be if that add-on were incompatible with multiprocess? > If you have a backup of your repository, you can create patches for the commits made after it, restore from backup, and replay those you want to keep. Maybe I'm just too young to have a good perspective on this (due to only becoming a developer after git was fairly well established), but I thought that version control itself is supposed to be your backup It sure beats frankincense Not completely sure why I was downvoted, but I'm sorry for any offense I might have (accidentally) caused See, this is probably why I don't get many upvotes. Joking is pretty much my default response to everything https://blog.rust-lang.org/2016/04/19/MIR.html In my experience, Shirley Temple is much more well-known than Prince, but I guess this might not be representative of the wider population I can understand the desire to curb the rowdy behavior, but I'm not sure I agree with the methodology of banning everyone in a certain demographic. If the common characteristic of the rowdy people were race instead of age, would it be okay to ban everyone of that race from drinking after a certain time? Yes, but there's a a clear legal basis for that. I'm not sure there's a legal basis for banning arbitrary demographics from patronizing a business. I guess I'd have to disagree here. I think that there definitely should be some restrictions on who you can ban from patronizing your business (such as forbidding businesses from banning racial minorities or homosexuals); I'm just not sure whether I think something like limiting based on age (outside of enforcing the legal drinking age). I'll try another thought experiment which is a bit more similar to the real-life situation: do you think that private entrepreneurs should be able to ban people over a certain age, e.g. everyone above 50? It's kind of a shame, because I don't really feel like the languages are used for similar things in practice, so the constant comparisons don't do either of them justice. > I told you NO unsafe code. Use only standard library, no third party tools. I'm not sure what such an example would prove, other than maybe "Go is better than a subset of Rust excluding some of the core features of the language and its greater ecosystem". > I like JS format strings -- you can write arbitrary code in them, but they are compile time only Genuinely curious: what exactly does "compile-time" mean in the case of JS? Is it like C macros (modifying the source code before parsing)? Ah, I see. Thanks! Is CoffeScript still used much? I used it a bit a few years back when I was more interested in webdev and I liked it a lot, but I haven't really heard anything about it for a while. The only CoffeScript code I've seen lately is when I looked into finding the cause of a bug in a package for Atom several months backend back; I don't think I know of anything besides the Atom ecosystem that uses it nowadays, although I might just not be aware of other projects using it. So basically the law is Brainfuck? > The bottom line is that Linux tends to have better hardware support, especially for laptop hardware and power management. I've been playing around with various BSDs over the past couple of years, and I really want to like any of them enough to keep installed, but this is exactly the issue I've run into with freebsd and it's derivatives. On both my last laptop and the current one, I can get everything working to a fairly reasonable state, but there are minor but annoying hardware issues I just don't have to deal with in Linux. In my most recent attempt (installing TrueOS on my spare SSD), some apps occasionally crash when I use the Intel video driver, so I'm forced to use scfb, which is a bit slower and doesn't render fonts as nicely. Additionally, the wifi tends to be a bit slower; I average around 4-5 MB (not Mb) down on Linux, but top out around 2 MB on TrueOS. I also have to use Firefox instead of Chromium on FreeBSD and its derivatives, as there always seem to be some bugs in the FreeBSD port; right now, it renders some bizarrely-shaped section of the window in a deep shade of yellow covering part of the URL bar and the top of the page, and signing in to Google to sync my extensions and history hasn't worked for like 10 major versions of Chromium. I really like DragonflyBSD; it works a bit better for me out of the box than FreeBSD (I don't need to configure to not have the fan running at full blast all the time, and I've strangely had fewer issues with Chromium despite it using the same ports tree as FreeBSD with some custom patches), but I've had issues running any display manager other than Slim, and even that hasn't worked that well for me, as I've never been able to get the numlock and auto-login settings working (yes, I know, autologin is "insecure", but I always have FDE on my machines, so if someone can get past that, I don't think the login screen will stop them). Unfortunately I haven't been able to try it out lately; on my current laptop, BSDs weirdly seem to think that my screen resolution is 1024x768, and the only way I've found to fix that is by setting the GOP in EFI, which is not an option for DragonflyBSD currently. I've spent more time than I'm willing to admit trying to follow the manual EFI installation inductions I found on the DragonflyBSD mailing list; I think I got it to boot once, but apparently the snapshot I was using panicked when trying to load the specific wifi driver during startup (although I found out later it could load it fine after it was fully booted), and I've never gotten it to boot since, so I'm not convinced I wasn't mildly hallucinating or something. Every now and then the Dragonfly Digest will have some post talking about some new small step towards EFI support though, so I'm optimistic that someday soon I'll be able to boot it on my current laptop and discover a whole new set of reasons why I can't use it. OpenBSD, on the other hand, works pretty great for me out of the box in terms of the GUI and hardware, but I'm not fond of the packaging system; I tend to like to have fairly recent versions of apps, so updates come a bit slowly compared to what I'm used to. Even worse, pkg_add is kind of horrifying to me compared to what you get on FreeBSD-based systems; for reasons I can't comprehend, it seems to query for updates individually for each package you have installed rather than first just getting a list of updated packages and then downloading the updates for the packages (if there are any). I'm unfortunately too spoiled to wait several minutes just to find out that there aren't actually any updates for my system. I've never been able to get far into setting up NetBSD. A couple of years ago I got it installed but couldn't get Xorg to start up, and I've been unable to get the installer to boot on the most recent release; it prompts me to select the boot device from a number of options, and I've tried all of them, and none of them work. The issue seems to be fixed in the more recent snapshots, but I haven't been able to figure out how to install with FDE (I found the option to encrypt the disk, but it seems to be independent from the installation itself, and neither encrypting the disk before or after the installation seems to result in a bootable encrypted system), and I'm too stubborn to install it without. I think the issue that people have is that Facebook is in a great position to do something about, but instead they've varied between taking the position that the problem doesn't exist or that it isn't their job to fix it. Facebook isn't wrong that it isn't their "job" to fix it, but I can imagine that others besides me find it a bit strange that Zuckerburg decries the current state of divisiveness but doesn't seem that willing to combat it when he clearly has means far beyond the rest of us to do so. I'm a hardcore Linux user, but free software has very little to do with my rationale for using it (although I do in general prefer open source software to proprietary, I've found I'm more worried about "free as in free beer" than "free as in freedom"). For me, customization is the deal-breaker. OS X is, for lack of a better term, very opinionated about how I should be using the system (GUI/mouse oriented interfaces for installing and updating things, fullscreen being a built-in windowing option but not maximization, etc.). As my tastes don't seem to coincide exactly with the choices that any one OS/distro makes, my only option to have exactly the setup I want is to use a fairly minimal distro and then configure it from the ground up with the choices I want. I have no trouble understanding that most people are perfectly fine with using a preconfigured system (OS X, Windows, Ubuntu, etc.), but it's just not for me. > Granted, it would require writing a garbage collector in Rust... Why would that be a problem? There are compilers written in C that implement garbage collectors. Now, writing a garbage collector for Rust, that's another problem entirely During my senior year of college (which ended last spring), I worked with two other students on implementing a server-side JavaScript interpreter in Rust. One of us, a grad student (not me!), wrote the garbage collector for it ( https://github.com/rustoscript/french-press ). We didn't end up finishing the entire language, but we got a sizable chunk of the language features implemented, and more than enough to know that Rust is very well suited to writing programming languages in, including garbage collectors. By far, the most complicated component of getting the garbage collector right was dealing with closures, but that's mostly because JavaScript is a very "unique" language, to put it nicely. > In the future we may have http://manishearth.github.io/blog/2016/08/18/gc-support-in-r... I read that back when you first posted it, which is exactly what came to mind when I was writing my comment. At least to my naive understanding, implementing a garbage collector for Rust is several orders of magnitude more difficult than merely implementing one in Rust. Thanks for elaborating on that! I'm definitely looking forward to seeing what you all do on the GC front for Rust in the future, even if it's a bit beyond my current comprehensions I'm American, and I'd definitely agree with that assessment. I think a lot of people in the US would probably refuse to vote for a self-described atheist on principle regardless of any of the other characteristics and views of the candidate. Things have been changing for a while, but I don't think we're there yet. > Who has more power over a longer period of time: Bill Clinton or Bill Gates? I argue Gates. Right, but Clinton wasn't a CEO of a tech company before he was president. A better analogy would be who would have had more period over a longer period of time, Bill Gates as he is now, or Bill Gates if he had become president after stepping down as CEO of Microsoft? > In te Netherlands, we have stickers that we cab place on our real-life mailboxes: "No ads. No unspecified recipient." The advertisers (mailmen) are not allowed to ignore this sticker. Wow, that's actually kind of amazing. I wish we had that in the US... > it still requires...a working installation of Ruby. Does OS X/macOS not still come with a bundled installation of Ruby? Or is the version it comes with too old to use with brew/brew cask? > Most of the more-or-less mainstream distros ship Chromium in their standard repos. In fact, they're more likely to ship Chromium than Chrome due to the fact that the former is FOSS and the latter is not. That's actually how I first started using Chromium early in my Linux days; I didn't really know the difference between Chrome and Chromium, so I just picked the one that was easier to install. Once I finally learned the difference, I consciously made the choice to use Chromium on all of my systems, even the non-Linux ones. Sorry for my lack of knowledge about this, but are "ad mailmen" a specific thing in the Netherlands? In the U.S., junk ads just come in the regular mail. It's the same with USB; USB 2.0 and 3.0 were compatible, but USB 3.1 (more commonly known as USB C) is not compatible with either of them. EDIT: Actually, from consulting Wikipedia[1], it's even worse than I remembered. Apparently there's USB 3.1 gen 1 and USB 3.1 gen 2, where USB 3.1 gen 1 is literally just USB 3.0, and USB 3.1 gen 2 is what you get with a USB C cable (where the letter evidently denotes the port size/shape and the version number denotes the rate of transfer). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USB_3.1 I don't think it's a valid sentence, unless you interpret it as commanding someone/something to snow sometime this week. > I succeeded and even trained someone else how to do it. When we started, he didn't know C all that well so I split the drivers into hard and easy parts and gave him the easy ones. We wrote about six drivers together. I made his parts harder and harder until he was able to write a driver on his own. This is a pretty amazing way to teach someone something as complex as device drivers. It sounds like you did an excellent job mentoring him. > Notice I said "music maker" - i.e. a maker of tracks/songs, and not "musician"...i just don't have the formal training to play an actual instrument...however, if time travel existed, then yes a musician. It's actually much more feasible to teach yourself to play instruments than people realize! Obviously being taught makes things easier for most people, but what really makes a difference more than anything else is just spending substantial amounts of time practicing, which is still necessary even if you do take lessons. Plenty of famous musicians were actually self-taught, including some who were at the absolute top of their field, like Hendrix, Clapton, and Moon: https://www.joytunes.com/blog/music-fun/15-famous-musicians-... > Some USB-C cables only support USB 2.0. I don't even want to know why somebody thought that was a good idea... > I like a fast 60Hz autorepeat, and I rely on visual feedback for precise positioning (I find this has lower cognitive load than Vim style character/word/line/etc counting). I thought I was the only one who turned the key repeat way up and then navigated things by moving one line/character at a time really fast ! I've always felt a bit guilty about this due to feeling like I'm just too lazy to get used to using more typical navigation, but "preferring lower cognitive load" sounds like a more more positive spin on it. > One thing I'm considering as a key-binding option is to exec a command. This would be pretty awesome. I definitely would love to have that as a feature, assuming it's not excessively difficult to implement. > So nothing wrong with the audio jack, it's just that exporting it from the phone usually makes for a better user experience. I feel like "usually" is a kind of a big leap here, since there's been exactly one phone to do this, and the verdict is still out about whether it's a "better user experience". > Ultimately earphones should not be tied to a device but thought of as tied to your head and be able to switch between your devices seamlessly. That's exactly what we had before when every single device had a headphone jack. I'm not sure having my headphones work normally on most devices but then randomly need a dongle for another is "seamless". Thanks! Unfortunately I use zsh, and from a quick Google, it looks like it doesn't use inputrc. Another nice thing about Manjaro is that there's a OpenRC spin if you don't want systemd. Although it's possible to replace systemd with OpenRC in Arch, it's not super straightforward and can be a bit risky if you don't know what you're doing. A lot of the things on on Live CD list seem to be outdated; to pick an example, it lists the last release of DragonflyBSD as being over two years ago[1], when they released 4.6.1 less than three months ago[2]. Another place to check out different OS's is distrowatch[3]. Its interface is a definitely a bit too busy, which can make navigation a pain, but it's constantly kept up to date and has fairly detailed information about each OS. [1]: http://livecdlist.com/dragonfly-bsd/ [2]: https://www.dragonflybsd.org/release46/ [3]: https://distrowatch.org/ > How many times I've skipped checking something because... There's no way it could be that! I TA'd a course in college that (among other things) was the first introduction that CS students at my school had to C programming. Since most students had no prior experience with anything besides Java (and a little OCaml, because one of the intro courses was half Java and half OCaml), they often would be at a complete loss of how to debug errors with pointers, string handling, etc. Whenever I tried to help students debug something in office hours, they would try to steer me away from looking in certain parts of their code because they "knew that was correct", and quite often the error would be in one of those parts of the code. The lesson I tried to teach them was that if you thought you wrote all your code correctly but it still doesn't work correctly, then you must have been wrong about something, so you have to be ready to challenge your assumptions about what's working and what isn't. I've been running Linux for about 4 years now (Ubuntu -> Mint -> Fedora -> Arch over the first year or so, been on Arch ever since), and I've never had to recompile my kernel (I did choose to do it once, but this was because I was interested in trying it out rather than something not working right; I'm a bit masochistic that way). > Restrict Windows Update P2P only to local network I find this interesting as a security choice rather than completely disabling P2P updates, as I'd guess that a substantial number of users aren't in control of all machines on their network, and if the other computers on the network got their updates from peers outside the network, then you'll still end up getting the updates from those peers. Is completely disabling P2P updates not an option? I think the idea behind "always show up in court if you are being sued" isn't that it will always work out for you, but that it almost definitely won't work out for you if you don't show up. I think due to the closed-source nature of f.lux, RedShift is in the main repos for more distros than f.lux, making it easier for new Linux users to install. One of the big issues a lot of people have (or at least had, back when it was first becoming a thing) was that systemd uses binary log files rather than traditional text ones, which makes them harder to deal with (e.g. you can't `tail` or `grep` them, at least not directly). Another common gripe is that while it started out as an init system, a rather large portion of userland on a typical system depends on one or more systemd components directly or indirectly, making it somewhat difficult to avoid it if you'd prefer not to use it. My biggest issue with systemd is that when something goes wrong, it's pretty impossible to tell why. As an example, virtually every system I've used with systemd after a few months starts to have different services fail to stop on shutdown, causing a timeout of (by default) one-and-a-half minutes. From searches that I've done online, I don't seem to be the only person who runs into this, but I haven't found any good solution, leaving me with the options to reduce the timeout to something more manageable, force shutdown my laptop literally every time I'm done using it, or sit through 90 seconds of systemd trying and failing to stop whichever service is failing that time. Maybe I'm just lucky, but it's fairly rare that any of my non-systemd systems is unable to shut down properly once, let alone every single time consistently. Is that actually why base 10 became the norm? I've never really learned why exactly decimal was chosen, and I'd be interested in learning about what historical evidence there is for its origin. > The mayan's number system is base 20 (though the digits are are drawn out of sub digits in base-5). I think I remember learning in school that one of the ancient Mesopotamian civilizations (Sumerian, I think, but I could be wrong) used 60 as the basis for their system because it was divisible by 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6. > My view is that sample code such as this should be as idiomatic as possible and that means providing a sample demonstrating a typical real use case. So seeing "unwrap" in this context doesn't sit well with me. I've starting trying to use `if let Some/Ok(...) = ...` in examples for my projects rather than `unwrap` for pretty much this reason. I feel like it strikes a pretty good balance between providing a relatively terse example without the risk of implying that `unwrap/expect` is considered normal usage for the library. OpenOffice is basically dead in terms of development nowadays. If you're looking for a desktop office suite on Linux, LibreOffice (a fork of OpenOffice) is still actively maintained. > I'm a day to day Linux user, and I couldn't be happier to have switched back from osx (2004-2016), but the switch is clearly not for everyone yet. Personally, I have no issues with Linux being used almost exclusively as a developer OS (on desktops and laptops). I don't really see Linux moving towards being used by non-technical users any time soon, and I'm perfectly okay with this. > I would gladly pay $1,000 for a KDE Neon or Fedora Gnome distro that went through the trouble of thoroughly implementing and maintaining a version with fully Mac-like keyboard shortcuts and keyboard shortcut customization facilities. From your response to the sibling comment, it sounds like you're looking for a way to swap the Super and Control keys? There are actually settings for that in both Gnome and KDE/Plasma. In Gnome, you can go into one of the sections of Gnome Tweak Tool (I think it's called "Typing") and in one of the lists of options, there's a checkbox for something like "Swap left Win and left Control". In MADE/Plasma, it's in main settings app somewhere there's an identical list of checkbox options (I think it's in the "Keyboard" section, but I might be wrong, as I haven't used Plasma in a while; if you're having trouble finding it though, I can go back and find the exact location tomorrow and let you know) Ah, I see. I've always preferred having the same key for both terminal and GUI apps, which is one of the reasons that I'm not fond of OS X's shortcuts. Right, but that doesn't really say anything about causation; there is definitely a linguistic link between the body parts and numerical digits in this word, but that could have easily developed after base ten became common for other reasons. > Another argument I've heard presented is that since 10 is divisible by 2 and 5 this simplifies many common calculations. To me, it always seemed like 5 was only a common number because of its place in base 10, not the other way around. There doesn't seem to be any reason that 2 and 5 would have been chosen as more significant than 2 and 3 or 2 and 7. Assuming it's anything like the Emacs mode for Coq, they're probably just using an editor/editor plugin that replaces the operators/keywords with the mathematical symbols. I think s/he meant "scrolling marquees seem like the least of our problems in a world of auto playing video ads, flash animations and unnecessary javascript" > less usable on mobile To be fair, there really wasn't any "mobile" to speak of back then, so the developers couldn't even try to make it look good on mobile. "The most powerful programming language is Lisp. If you don't know Lisp (or its variant, Scheme), you don't know what it means for a programming language to be powerful and elegant. Once you learn Lisp, you will see what is lacking in most other languages....I have not had time or occasion to learn newer languages such as Perl, Python, PHP or Ruby." Glad to know his opinion is here well-informed. Perl only came out 30 years ago, so I guess I can understand not having had the time to learn it and just assume that it and other languages must be inferior. > I really like this; reminiscent of the Python Challenge, but for shell. > You should support bash's double-star wildcard, which works recursively. Several of the challenges that currently require > find -name 'access.log ' -print0 | xargs -0 somecommand > could just use > somecommand /access.log This challenge was where I stopped, and for this exact reason. Then again, I am a zsh user, so maybe I'm spoiled... Although it often doesn't get printed like that, shells do consider the output of `ls` to be multiple lines. Try doing `ls > foo.txt` and looking at the output file (or more directly, `ls | wc -l`). > Though the attitude may be bad, that author guessed right; he didn't miss anything by avoiding those. I don't claim to say he's correct or not; rather, I'm saying that a bad attitude is inexcusable regardless of correctness. It's perfectly fine to not want to try a language (or even to dislike it), but in that case there aren't any grounds to criticize it. Given that he's claiming that Lisp is more "powerful" and that other languages are "lacking", I'm not convinced that recognizing the syntax is sufficient to make his statement. Obviously I was exaggerating a bit in my original comment, but as I said in my second one, the issue I have with his statement is the attitude, not the content. > One pet peeve is people who ask "can I ask you a question?" Back when I was TA'ing a course in college, about half of the students on average in office hours would start their conversations with me by saying "I just have one small question." I'm not sure what was worse, when they didn't just have one question (or it wasn't small) or when the question was so small they could have gotten an answer by the time they finished assuring me that they weren't going to take up much of my time. I didn't really mind it that much, I mostly found it amusing that students were so worried about taking up too much time that they'd end up taking more. And you're right, if it was one of the regulars, I definitely didn't mind, and I'd sometimes tease them mildly about it. The weirdest OCaml syntax (to me) is the way that that exceptions are essentially reversed camel case mixed with snake case (e.g `Not_found`, `Division_by_zero`). I assume that this was to try to imitate the structure of English sentences, but it feels bizarre to me when I see it in code. This is a good idea, but I worry that non-technical people might not notice or care about such a minor difference. Thinking of my family and relatives, I'd imagine that almost none of them would think to avoid typing in their password if some characters in the URL bar had a different colored background but looked visually similar to domains they recognized. Compiling to JavaScript to improve performance? There's something new Good point, I forgot that OCaml is French. On a related note, I've heard that might be related to why the common style is to prefix the colon used for type annotations with a space, whereas in some other languages with that syntax (e.g. Rust and Scala), it's more common to see no space before the colon. I think the point the author was making was that people predicted this would take much longer to become feasible than other things like "radar implants for the blind", which obviously was not the case. This is really cool! I love how it lights up with the color of the candy it's sorting each time. I'm curious, have you tried putting both Skittles and M&M's in the same batch? I'd be interested to see if it determines that the purple Skittles and the brown M&M's are the same color, for example I'm not that familiar with Go, but my guess is that "reference count" here refers to the action that the garbage collector does when it pauses the world (i.e. "count as a reference") rather than the actual paradigm "reference counting". > My C/C++ is too rusty Pun intended? After the original trial verdict was overturned by the appeals court, I joked about copyrighting every single signature I could think of for print functions so that I could claim royalties from virtually every program in existent. > But... "average garbage-collected language using a virtual machine" doesn't describe any of C/C++, Dart, Go, Java, Python, or Rust. I'm curious; what would be an example of something you would describe as an "average garbage collected language using a virtual machine"? Java would certainly be the first language I'd think of for that description. Can you elaborate? I'd be interested to hear more details, and I think others might be as well Python was included in the list of things considered not to be in this category; I probably agree with you on that one, but the idea behind my question was that the languages listed as not "average garbage-collected language using a virtual machine" included several that I'd include in that category. What do you think makes Ruby and Lua more "average" than Java? > If Go had some way of mitigating that and the lack of generics, then the Hello World experience would be better for more people. Does the lack of generics really impact the experience of "Hello World"? I don't think I've ever seen generics used in a "Hello World" example even in languages that have them. I definitely agree with you that I prefer having generics to not having them and would consider that in my evaluation of a language; I just found it strange that a random reference to the lack of generics was dropped in the middle of an otherwise cohesive description of the pros and cons of the "hello world" experience. I've actually heard "off-board" used by adults in a non-ironic way numerous times, usually in regards to the procedure taken when someone leaves a company (i.e. the inverse of "onboarding" a new hire). > if a famous data scientist publishes a research paper and I stand up naked on my desk and shout "peanut butter sandwiches!" at the top of my lungs, the peer review committee has no obligation to include my response in the process surrounding the review of said paper This is definitely the most unique argument I've heard in favor of net neutrality I've had similar experiences, as well as worse; one PDF I got from a bank about my student loans a year or so back had ostensibly only text content, but none of it was even able to be selected. > What happens if I uncheck the second checkbox but not the first? Does Smart Sync just sit there and look sad? Is this a serious question? I've seen dozens if not hundreds of UI's that gray out a checkbox (either with or without the box checked) once you click a different one. Obviously this might not be an optimal solution for this specific dialog, but you could easily do something like: [x] Enable Smart Sync (NOTE: This requires installing a driver onto your computer) I really hope this pun was intentional, because it's phenomenal > for one, because they are NOT time-bound I find this point interesting, as to me, this would be an argument for, not against. Time constraints on homework assignments are a lot closer to the constraints you'd have programming for a job than "whiteboard coding" would be. I'd hazard a guess that doing a good job on an in-depth, open-ended problem given a few days to a week is a better indicator of ability to be a successful software engineer than being able to solve a logic puzzle on a whiteboard in fifteen minutes. I was speaking more from the side of the company; from the side of the interviewee, it's less clear-cut; if you're the type that doesn't tend to do well in interviews, it might be preferable, but if you don't feel like you'll do a better job on a homework-like problem, then it's definitely worse. Also mentioned in sibling comment, but I was thinking more from the perspective of a company trying to accurately gauge a candidate's caliber. From the side of an interviewee, it definitely isn't a clear win; the only case where I think a candidate would prefer this would if they tend not to perform well in interviews (which I don't think is necessarily a good indicator of whether or a not a candidate would perform well for a job). An additional perspective I didn't think of until now is whether this type of recruitment process would be more beneficial to the industry as a whole. An argument could be made that we'd all be better off as a whole if interviews tended to more accurately assess candidates and candidates were able to get a more realistic sense of the type of work they'd be doing for a company. Not to mention that the first move itself is a guess. I'm not sure about all variants, but certainly on the classic Windows minesweeper there were times that my first click was a bomb. Sometimes not just "non computer people". The number of times as a computer science TA (for a non-intro class) I had to read people their compiler error messages is staggering. Linux file explorers (Nautilus, etc.) aren't exactly a pleasure to use, but then again, as a Linux user, if I have to open a GUI to do something with my files, I'm usually not happy about it in the first place. > Or having each of the fins on a fan be at a different angle so they have a different pitch and fan noise is distributed across the sound spectrum (reducing total perceived noise). Not trying to take away from the innovation of that idea, but IMO ventilation is one of the few areas where I think Macbooks are strictly worse than the PC laptops I've used. The Macbook I was given for work (13" Pro, 2015) constantly overheats, as there isn't really any vent for the fan to push the air out of. I'm sure it's a conscious design decision not to have a vent (either because it "looks bad" or because blowing out hot air is considered worse than overheating the laptop itself), but I'd personally have trouble counting the way that my Macbook ventilates as a net win in "hardware quality". I don't think your analogy is very compelling; if a regular person untrained in driving race cars bought a new race car, crashed it on the way to the grocery store, and then blamed the car rather than their lack of experience driving race cars, I'd definitely find it a bit silly. Oh, this looks interesting! I've never really tried out terminal-based file managers, but I could see myself using something like this. I'd definitely need to spend some time getting used to it though, not to mention learning how to do various things (show hidden files, etc.) It's strange that you think that's what's happening here; if anything, the comment that the grandparent was objecting to was saying not to use a race car if you don't know how to. Yeah, I probably could have been more precise and said "there really isn't any ventilation" rather than "there isn't really vent". The vent is there, it's just completely ineffective. Oh, really? I guess I was just misremembering things. Thanks for correcting me here! (not sarcastic, genuinely happy to be corrected when I remember things wrong) The issue I have with your characterization is the forced equivalence of "plenty of people in this comment section" and "basically the entire Internet" part of it. Don't get me wrong, there is definitely a segment of Linux users that vocally claim their choice is the superior one, but you could say the same thing for Mac and Windows. Given that there's no way to measure the number of Linux (or Mac or Windows) users who aren't commenting, it's a little presumptive to just assert that all Linux users are telling you your choice is wrong. As an aside, I can't speak for other Linux users, but my goal is most certainly not to "drive Linux user adoption". If someone is interesting in learning to use Linux or wants advice about which distro to use, I would happily help them, but I actively try not to convert people who haven't expressed that interest. The reason I chimed in here is that I disagreed with the sentiment that Linux is a terrible choice. It's certainly not the right choice for most people, but there's a difference between being being niche and being bad. Definitely not like what the parent said, or what I said? Maybe I'm remembering that rather than XP Are traits really an ML thing? To me, they seem more similar to Haskell's typeclasses (and by "more similar to", I mean "almost exactly the same thing as"). From my somewhat limited experience with OCaml, it seems like the closest thing it has to traits is modules/functors, which seem to work fairly differently (i.e. traits are "added" to existing types, whereas functors are used to create new types). Right, but Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo also make their entire systems (both hardware and software), not to mention that they don't provide games for other platforms, so it's obviously going to be a little different for SteamOS, which is essentially a second-tier platform from Valve and is running on arbitrary hardware. I'm not sure this rigorous (or if this is the proof they were referring to), but they mentioned t a pretty compelling argument in passing; if you could compress all inputs by at least one bit, then you could use that algorithm again on all the outputs and reduce them by at least one bit, until eventually you've reduced every possible input to one bit, which is clearly not possible (at least, not if you want to ever be able to get back the original value). This means that every compression algorithm either a) can't compress some inputs to a smaller size than they already are or b) lose some of the data in the process. (Lossy compressions can still be useful, of course; that being said, I'd imagine assume that even most lossy compression algorithms to be idempotent). EDIT: The sibling comment from rmidthun is much more rigorous and concise, so if you're looking for a more proper explanation, ignore this and read that I think it's a little disingenuous to compare Windows to SteamOS like this. Microsoft has quite a bit of pull with hardware manufacturers; there's a strong incentive for PC companies not to put out hardware that doesn't work with Windows (and I'd imagine extensive tests are done before releasing any such hardware to ensure that everything works with Windows, presumably with some degree of communication and cooperation with Microsoft). On the other hand, there's virtually no incentive for a PC maker to make sure that their hardware doesn't break things for SteamOS. Not directly related, but has anyone here successfully gotten Gnome (3) to work on DragonflyBSD? I've tried several times over the past few years (dating back to 4.2, I think), and despite pretty much all other DE's working fine for me, I've never gotten Gnome to start up properly; GDM just hangs on a black screen instead of starting up, and when I try to manually start it with SLiM and the require .xinitrc, I just get a message saying "Oh no! Something went wrong" and then get sent back to the main login screen. I've never had trouble getting Gnome to start properly on FreeBSD on the same machines that I've tried this on, so I've never been able to figure out why it consistently fails for me. Where did you buy it? I'm not a Go programmer, but from what I understand, things like Go's map implementation in the standard library are usable as if they're generic. Couldn't they add a few more types like this (e.g. Option and Result) in the same way without exposing generics as a language feature? > A notebook full of plain text passwords in a drawer in your home and a shared memorized prefix that must be combined with the passwords on the list to get the full password seems strictly more secure than a password manager (although slightly less convenient). This actually sounds pretty good; I might start recommending this to non-technical friends and family. EDIT: phone auto-completed "non-technical" to "non-profit technical" I always turn off cursor blinking everywhere I can because I find it distracting; I never knew I could use "performance" as an excuse! On another note, why is cursor blinking such a universal thing? I assume that other people must like it, or else it wouldn't be so common. Do people have trouble finding their cursor without it, or do they have trouble distinguishing it from actual text? I've never had either of those problems with blinking turned off, but I can't think of any other plausible reason. > Bash is not always /bin/bash. On some systems (BSDs) it is /usr/bin/bash. Nitpick: on every BSD system I've used, it's /usr/local/bin/bash. But I definitely agree that using /usr/bin/env bash is the preferred solution for when you want to use bash (although I don't think it's even installed by default on most BSD's); as an Arch user (where /usr/bin/python is symlinked to python3 rather than python2), I appreciate those who go out of their way to use proper, portable shebangs. > If you're really talking about bags (unordered sets), that would certainly make for an interesting filesystem since filename.txt, filemane.txt, and maletent.fix would all be the same... I was thinking the same thing! Although if we're being pedantic, I think "bag" is an "unordered multi set". If it were just a plain unordered set, then "filename.txt" would also be the same as "filenam.txt". > I often receive more annoying robocalls on my personal phone than welcomed calls from unknown numbers. My usual solution is to quickly google the number to see if any scam reports are available and then quickly answer if not. My strategy is generally just not to answer and let them leave a message if it's an actual person. Unless I have some reason to be expecting the call, I think that most people nowadays would find it reasonable that calling someone who doesn't have your number might result in you having to leave a message. If it is an actual person, I'll very often call them back immediately after listening to the message. It's standard protocol on HN to put the year as a parenthetical if the content being linked to isn't current. (emphasis mine): > Blue Lion, which appears to be in closed beta with March 31st 2017 cited as the target release date, will come with up to date Firefox browser and Thunderbird mail client, Apache OpenOffice , other productivity tools, a new package manager, and software update and support subscription to ensure system stability. How is OpenOffice still being used in so many different places? Hasn't it be basically dead and superseded by LibreOffice for years? The way my family always played growing up was that the player who landed on an unowned property could but it at face value, but if they didn't want to, it automatically went to auction. I honestly wasn't particularly fond of this, as if you were losing closer to the end of the game and landed on something unowned, as you often had to end up letting the player who was winning buy it for fairly cheap because you couldn't afford to spend the money on properties that wouldn't help you. I also noticed that most of the people who I played with outside my family did not play with this rule, adding to my frustration. Another thing I remember us doing that nobody else seemed to was that if you bought/traded for a mortgaged property from another player, you had to pay 10% of the mortgage price to the bank if you didn't want to pay to unmortgage it immediately. I'm not sure if this is in the official rules, but as a young kid with no understanding of how real-world mortgages or interest worked, this seemed rather unusual and was somewhat frustrating as well. > The uninstall process looks and feels a lot like stopping a rogue process that keeps respawning. Not saying I disagree with your main idea, but the uninstall process linked to above seems pretty standard to me. I mean, if something is running as a background service, then yes, you either need to manually stop the service or reboot. I guess I don't tend to think of anything running as a background service as malware, although I suppose opinions could differ on this. This could potentially be due to my using Linux as my primary OS though; on OS X, manually managing services is not as common from what I've seen. Since you said that the "m" is obvious from context, I'll compromise from now on and use "mB" exclusively > That is, if you have a reference to an object or value, you have the authority to invoke any of the methods on that object or call any functions that accept such a value. Except private methods, right? That's where I feel that this analogy breaks down Back before college when I was still looking into different schools, I was at an event talking with a few other prospective students and someone who worked in admissions at Penn. One of the other prospective students mentioned that his grandfather went to Penn, and the admissions person proudly said that Penn was one of the few schools that took into account grandparents as well as immediate family for legacy applications. I was kind of surprised that giving an even larger group of people an undeserved advantage was viewed as something to be proud of, but I guess it goes with the territory. I did end up going to Penn, although I was not a legacy student. In an ironic twist, I did not get into MIT, where my father went. I'm not complaining, though; if I was determined not to be worth a spot on my own merits, I'm glad that the spot was given to someone more qualified rather than given to me for reasons that ultimately have little to do with me. In terms of C and C++, that's fairly new. Lots of older code using pre-C11/C++11 standards is out there. I didn't even know that tractors cost $180k! I just assumed they cost around the same as a car Wouldn't they notice that they had no neighbors, and that literally every other apartment in the building is being shown multiple times per day? Ah, okay, I just assumed that they were using the building only for the scam, not for actual renting. Damn, I had no idea. Growing up in the suburbs of Boston, I literally knew no one who had a tractor. The way I understand it, they're saying that mathematics is a natural, universal thing, and logic is our attempt to explain/build a foundation for it. I think that in this context, "melee" refers to Super Smash Brothers Melee: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Smash_Bros._Melee Generally when I search "vscode [thing I want to find out about]", I get fairly good results. If you're typing out the whole "visual studio" part in your queries, maybe try abbreviating it? The host isn't allowed to open your door, regardless of what's behind it. That's part of the game But similar to your objection about the Bayesian view of probability requiring money and betting to be defined, you've now defined the idea of size to be dependent on giant tanks of water This is describing how you would implement LinkedList. Obviously, the size method has to be defined somewhere, and this is showing a potential implementation of it Obviously this wasn't the case when you commented, but this is now on the front page (ranked sixth). I guess people noticed after all! I'm not making a judgment about whether it's economically feasible or not (as I have neither the expertise or the data to be able to figure out out), but I think part of the idea of basic income is that it would replace other forms of welfare, so the actual increase in the budget wouldn't be the full $2.5 trillion (although it would still be quite sizable). So essentially 17th-century Four Loko Is that a typo? It looks like it should be "landscape.io", and in the way it's currently written, it gives me a 404 I guess I just feel like there's a lot less harm done in hacking Apple's database than there is in giving your video game character an extra outfit to wear or horse to ride. That's fair, but my point was more than the consequences of hacking a database with information valuable in the real world are much more worrisome than cheating in a game (no matter how much it affects the artificial world). In the latter, it's debatable about whether it causes real-world harm; in the former, it's unquestionable. Given that you can understand how being stuck on a jury for weeks would be an unpleasant experience, it's somewhat incredible to me that you'd be willing to vote to put someone somewhere much worse than a jury for a much longer period of time regardless of whether you thought they were guilty just so you could get out of there faster. > One thing with emacs is that some Alt bindings do not work over remote connections. Maybe it was my fault but I could not get all Alt bindings to work. Were you connecting from a Mac to Linux? Emacs on OS X has Esc as meta by default, which means you need to redefine the meta key to be Alt or else it's basically unusable. I think part of the reason Atom and VS Code use Electron is for cross-platform support. Assuming Github and Microsoft were going for market share, making a native Mac OS editor would somewhat limit their reach. Given that there are quite a few editors where people tend not to like the defaults (Vim, Emacs, VS Code, and Atom come to mind, at least for me), it sounds like what you're saying is "editors that beyond the specific set that have these problems don't have these problems", which doesn't seem terrible informative. > Why do people pay taxes, that are used to fund immoral actions? ... Typically, the answer is money. That seems like a stretch; people pay their taxes because they don't want to go to prison, not because of money. If anything, money would be an incentive not to pay your taxes, so it seems obvious that there's something stronger than money at play there. I can relate a lot to what you've described; I've always felt uncomfortable in large social gatherings, especially with people I'm not familiar with. When interning at the company I work full-time at now, I knew of several interns who acted like you described (i.e. getting lunch with random coworkers from different departments), and I never felt comfortable to do the same. In my experience as an intern, it matters more to make connections with your mentors/teammates who you're working with over the course of your internship, since they're the ones who'll be providing the majority of the meaningful feedback that determines whether you get a return offer. That being said, it can be worth going out of your comfort zone sometimes! Meeting new people is something that will happen a lot over the course of your career, so my advice would be to focus on making a good impression when you do happen to meet new people rather than going out of your way to make a bunch of connections. Barring a toxic work environment, you'll do fine as long as you have a good relationship with your teammates and immediate superior and don't actively alienate anyone else. (For what it's worth, I've seen quite a few threads like this that seem to get responses saying that the OP has such and such psychological condition; it kind of astounds me how so many people a feel that it's prudent to provide a stranger with unsolicited medical diagnoses based on a couple paragraphs they posted on the internet. You're under no obligation to respond to them, so feel free to disregard them if you'd prefer to.) Oh, don't get me wrong, I certainly feel a strong sense of civic duty to pay taxes, and I completely understand the benefit that comes from them. But from conversations with other people, I get the feeling that a large number of people would not pay taxes if they knew they could get away with this. Of course, now that I verbalize this, I'm realizing this could just be a sampling bias, as people who aren't upset about paying taxes are probably less likely to start a conversation about them. > The "always pass on the left and never on the right" seemed like it led to more systematic and predictable behaviors, and also tremendously reduced the competitiveness of the driving experience as compared to the U.S. Isn't that a thing in the U.S. as well? At least where I'm from (the northeast), passing someone on the right generally gets you a loud honk on the horn and occasionally a flip-off. That sounds like a compelling argument not to always have it there. If anything, it would be more noticeable if it only showed up sometimes as opposed to it always being present. In terms of memory usage for similar Result type in C++, is there any way around allocating the space for both types (as opposed to Result in Rust, which just allocates enough space for the larger of the two)? My understanding is that there is not, although I'm still not very experienced with C++, so I wouldn't be surprised if I'm wrong Personally, I give closures in Rust to be much less awkward than lambdas in C++. What issues do you have with them? I'm a bit confused by this logic; git is written in C, so if Rust is supposed to be "better then C", then wouldn't it make perfect sense to write it in Rust? Ah, I see. I think my perspective tends to be outside the norm when it comes to things like this, since I learned Rust before learning C++, so the Rust way feels "natural", for lack of a better word. I find myself wishing I could do things the Rust way in C++ far more often than vice-versa. Less risk of injury? > There are natural reasons why getting clearance should be harder for those who aren't 3rd/4th generation native though, right. Why do you assume that non-white people are not "3rd/4th generation natives"? Black people have been in America since before the country even existed, whereas my own (white Italian) lineage has been here less than a hundred years. Right, but then the cap is generally a few GB per month anyhow I think of closures as a bit orthogonal to that; the definition of "closure" that I'm used to is a function that "encloses" some data that is not an argument (somewhat like a function with free variables in lambda calculus), whereas a callback might only deal with its arguments. That being said, sometimes I see the term "closure" being used in a way that I associate with the word "lambda", which feels a bit off to me (I'm looking at you, Rust...) From what little I know of F#, it seems a lot like OCaml (as in, I don't know enough to know of any differences, other than that F# is a .NET language). From what slightly more I know about OCaml, objects are there, but almost nobody uses them and everyone pretends that they're not in the language. Is F# similar in this regard, or are objects considered fair game? > I'm not going to try to make a argument for Android tablets in general (on my third, not buying a fourth), but they actually support all this. > Run up a chroot with Debian and X11 and you can even have yourself a semi-normal Linux desktop inside your Android. With a mouse and keyboard. Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge a Linux fan, but calling this "supported" seems like a stretch. Maybe better phrasing would be "this is possible on an Android tablet". Ah, okay, I misunderstood. Thanks for clarifying! This is my understanding of what the terms mean as well, but in Rust, any anonymous function seems to be referred to as a "closure"[1], which is what feels strange to me. [1] See the first example here (which only operates on its arguments but is still referred to as a closure): https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/closures.html I guess in my mind, "a closure with an empty environment" is a contradiction, but as mentioned elsewhere in the thread, there isn't a lot of consistency to the way we use these types of terms (closure, lambda, etc.) across different languages and paradigms. The baseball team currently with the highest roster salary is not the Yankees, but the Los Angeles Dodgers by almost 20%. They're currently in third place, behind teams with the 16th and 26th highest roster salaries (out of 30 MLB teams)[1]. Obviously it's early on the season, but we can look at last year's season to get a better heuristic. The top two teams in terms of roster salary were once again the Dodgers and Yankees. The Dodgers did come in first in their division but finished the season 12.5 games behind the eventual World Series winners, the Chicago Cubs, whose roster salary was barely 2/3 of the Dodgers. Oh, and the Yankees came in fourth place (of five) in their division, a whole nine games out of first place. So yes, spending money helps you be a contender, but spending the most money is not a good metric for the best team (at least, not in baseball, and I'd imagine that being smarter about spending your money rather than spending more is useful in other fields as well). http://www.spotrac.com/mlb/payroll/2017/ http://www.spotrac.com/mlb/payroll/2016/ http://m.mlb.com/standings/?yyyy=2016&view=divisional I don't disagree, but I also don't think that's indicative that paying the most money is the optimal strategy. I'd much rather play for a team that does win rather than one that "should" but doesn't. My point, which I alluded to in the last paragraph, was not that teams shouldn't spend a lot of money, but that spending a lot of money is not a good substitute for spending money intelligently. Syntactically, C++ is a superset of C though, right? I can't think of any C syntax that's not valid C++, but I'm not exactly am expert in either > C supports variable-length stack-allocated arrays, while C++ doesn't. So > code like > > void f() { > int x; > scanf("%d", &x); // read from user > int numbers[x]; // dynamic > } I just pasted this in a file (and added `#include `) and compiled with g++, and it gave no errors or warnings and produced a *.o file, so maybe it does work? Thanks for the example! It's staggering to me how much time and effort we have to put into our build system for our C++ project at work. Having come to the C++ world after learning Rust, I'm constantly pining for the dead-simple "just works" nature of Cargo. clang++ seems to work as well. I don't have a Windows machine handy to try MSVC, though That's fair, although "building the world every single time" seems like a bit of an exaggeration, since cargo only recompiles dependencies if they're updated (or you specifically clean your build). The project I work on has relatively few dependencies, so the benefits of not having to specifically define different targets and spend time and effort supporting different toolchain- and platform-specific minutiae feels like it would be a big win for us. Did it work well? The party that was hacked lost Right, but you only have to do that once per project, unless you make a habit of clearing your dependencies quite often. Personally, I'd rather spend two minutes compiling my dependencies once every month or so than have to maintain a complex build system for a project in order to support different toolchains and platforms. I guess if your project is relatively small or constrained to certain toolchains/platforms, it wouldn't be as much of an issue, but at least for the project I work on, maintaining the build system is definitely a non-trivial amount of effort. Right, but for an aspiring web programmer, it's a great learning exercise. By hiding all of the magic, it makes it much easier to understand what's actually going on and fully "get" web programming. Am I missing something? Sundae doesn't even have an "O" in it Should the second "closed" be "closed Open" (with the corresponding change to the rest of the line)? As an alternative opinion, I personally hate when ranges are exclusive by default. In addition to it feeling somewhat unintuitive to me that I need to use range(0, 6) to include 5, it also makes downward ranges quite awkward, e.g. needing range(5, -1) to count from 5 to 0. Having never used Swift, it feels like the syntax is being optimized for the less-common case; are named parameters considered the "default" choice in Swift, and is using different external names so common that it's worth cluttering the syntax for functions without external parameters in order to make the their own syntax easier? I understand the benefits, I just personally don't prefer it. But this is just my subjective opinion. I'm personally a fan of the Rust way, i.e. `let` for const bindings and `let mut` for mutable ones. I think it's fairly clear which is which, and having to type four extra characters to get mutability helps reinforce the notion of const being the default choice. In Rust, it does (in general) make the value immutable. Most mutations of values in Rust are done through mutably borrowing the value, which you can't do when the value is defined with `let` rather than `let mut`, the exceptions being things like `Mutex`, which gives you a value that can be mutably borrowed when you acquire the lock. As others have mentioned, the idea is to have the compiler enforce certain things for you to reduce the chances of making an error. One illustrative way I've seen it explained is that if you accidentally make a variable immutable when you want it to be mutable, you get a very straightforward compiler error message saying something like "you can't mutate this variable since it's const; maybe you should make it mutable?". On the other hand, if you want a variable to be immutable but it's actually mutable and you change it, you can end up with all sorts of tricky bugs like race conditions which are much harder to debug. When I first found out about Fuchsia (and from the comments on the HN post), I got the impression that it was supposed to be designed for both laptop/desktop (which excited me) and for mobile (which I couldn't care less about), but all the news I've read about it from third parties seem to describe it almost exclusively as a mobile OS. Is this just the media focusing on the parts that they think nontechnical people will find interesting, or were my initial impressions mistaken? > Is it too hard to Google "income based student loan repayment" and read for a few minutes to know what to ask for? If you aren't already aware of this option, how are you supposed to know the exact phrase to Google for? Maybe the issue is that we need more education about the options available for repayment. That still presumes that the person who should be searching is aware that there are options to search for in the first place. If you assume that your only options are to either pay the amount you're billed monthly or default, it might not occur to you to try to solve your problem by searching Google. From quick check, it looks like Java can do this coercion, and it's not dynamically typed. Knowing how to use Google is different from recognizing when to use it. I took a course in college where we used Coq to build up an imperative programming language, and I waa surprised how much you could do (i.e. essentially anything you needed to) with a non-Turing complete language. I think that the traditional computer science curriculum makes such a big deal about Turing machines (and not necessarily wrongly so) that students just assume that Turning completeness is a natural goal to strive for rather than just a property with tradeoffs, just like any other property. It certainly doesn't help that it seems harder to create a language that's not Turing complete than one that is, at least if you aren't explicitly trying to avoid it; just look at all the random things that have been discovered to be accidentally Turing complete over the years. Does it bother you that it requires Python3 specifically, or just Python at all? (I can empathize with not wanting to use a language that's​ implemented in Python, although if I had to, I'd probably prefer it was Python3) Not only that, but I assume it needs it to run as well, since it seems to be implemented in Python. Fair point. I can only answer for myself, but for me it's more of the idea of a language being implemented in Python rather than an issue with having Python installed. I'll admit that I'm a bit of a PL snob, but writing a language in Python just feels inefficient. Another thing to note is that the vast majority of the packages you list are things that might not be installed on a server environment; I admit I haven't thoroughly read through every single package you listed, but the vast majority of them seem to be GUI-related (Gnome, Unity, etc.) or printing related, none of which would be necessary on a server environment. The only ones that stick out as not fitting into these categories are the Ubuntu-specific things like apparmor and the various apt-related packages (which would presumably not be present on a machine that isn't Ubuntu or some other Debian-based system), clang-format (which wouldn't really necessary on a server, since ideally you'd format your code before pushing), and lsb-release (which may or may not be necessary; on the machine where I'm currently writing this, the only package I have that depends on lsb-release is mongodb, so for servers not having a database (or having a different database), this wouldn't be necessary either. OT, but I'm now super conflicted about whether the correct quantifier for covers is "less" or "fewer". I think I agree with you that "less" is more correct, but my inner pedantry can't shake the feeling that it sounds weird. Right, I think that the word "covers" just feels like a typical plural noun even though it isn't. Is that really a fair comparison? A vanilla FreeBSD installation isn't going to be able to just run Linux binaries > They promise a plan of prizes for good hosts....[You] must be evaluated by +80% of your hosts. > If your hosts leave a mess behind, AirBnB evaluates if they should cover it for the shake of their public image It seems like the word "host" is being used for both "host" and "guest" in a few places, and I'm having trouble parsing a lot of trouble fully understanding this comment because of it. Not trying to diminish the use of multiple cursors (I have certain fondness for them despite not using them extensively due to my choice of editor), but using regexes you can still do that (i.e. with /^/ and /$/, which I use constantly with vim-style search and replace) Yep, I can see that being easier depending on what you prefer, I just wanted to point out that the feature wasn't unique to multiple cursors, since it was being described as "find and replace on steroids". No worries! Thanks for clarifying I've been trying out spacemacs for the past few weeks, and I really love this feature as well > When handing out references of something bound with let mut, why do i need to do &mut instead of just & ? Sometimes, you still want to immutably borrow a mutable variable. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to have multiple references to a variable declared with `mut`, which would be an unnecessary limitation. EDIT: Here's an example of something that wouldn't otherwise work if borrows of mutable variables were implicitly mutable: struct Point { x: i32, y: i32, } fn add(p1: &Point, p2: &Point) -> Point { let x = p1.x + p2.x; let y = p1.y + p2.y; Point { x: x, y: y } } fn main() { let mut some_point = Point { x: 1, y: 1 }; some_point.x = 2; // `some_point` is borrowed twice here, which wouldn't be possible if the borrows were mutable. let other_point = add(&some_point, &some_point); println!("({}, {})", other_point.x, other_point.y); } I had a similar conversation with someone who I consider an expert in C++ after a few months of working in C++ for the first time, and I said basically the same thing you did (only already having Rust in mind when I made my comment). To my surprise, he mentioned Rust immediately, instead of my having to bring it up. Having learned C++ after Rust, I had kind of assumed that my view of Rust as a sort of reboot of C++ wasn't going to be shared by someone with so much C++ experience. In Rust, you can have functions/enums/structs that are generic without traits, and you can have traits that aren't generic. Generics and traits are orthogonal features. Why? OO doesn't have to have inheritance. I haven't personally seen this before, but I can't say for sure I know it doesn't happen How about Read and Write, two of the most widely-used traits? https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/io/trait.Read.html https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/io/trait.Write.html When you use `&mut some_point`, (i.e. immutably borrow "some_point"), the compiler requires that "some_point" is not borrowed anywhere else at the same time. In order to enforce that invariant, it needs to know what borrows are mutable and what borrows are immutable. Perhaps what you're wondering is "why can't the compiler infer when a borrow needs to be mutable instead of having the programmer specify it"? I can't say for certain what the answer to this is, but my guess is that it would be rather expensive. Consider this example (reusing the "add" function from above): let mut foo = Point { x: 1, y: 2 }; let bar = &foo; add(&foo, &foo); ... // Much later reset(bar); Under the proposed "mutable reference inference" rules, should this compile? It's not necessarily trivial to determine this (especially if the "..." contains a lot of code), but it should not, since `bar` must a be mutable borrow to be able to pass into `reset`, which means that the borrows of `foo` to pass to `add` shouldn't be allowed. This means that the compiler would have to a rather expensive lookahead to determine whether any borrows are valid (and some people already complain that Rust compiles too slowly!). Forcing users to specify when borrows are mutable makes the compilers job much easier, not to mention the readability benefits that comes from making mutability explicit. I tend to think of OO as a spectrum rather than a binary thing, and I think that Rust certainly belongs somewhere on it. I'm not convinced there's any language that can be considered "completely object-oriented"; Java has primitives, and Python, while considering everything an object, is perfectly content to let you use functions and variables without writing a single class. JavaScript doesn't even have classes, but I think it still can be considered to be at least partially OO. I might just have a more liberal than average interpretation of what OO means, though. I didn't mean to give the impression that I didn't consider JS to be object-oriented, although I realize now I wasn't quite as clear as I originally intended. When I said "at least partially OO", I meant that I wouldn't agree with an assertion that said JS isn't OO at all, not that it's only partially OO. After all, Rust doesn't have classes, and my original point was that I think Rust is somewhat OO. Similarly, I wasn't saying that Java isn't OO either; I was attempting to make the point that I could see plausible arguments saying that either Python or Java is "more OO" than the other. Personally, I consider Java to be more OO than Python, but I'm not sure I could make a compelling counterargument to the idea that Python is more OO due to everything being an object. As for Ruby, I'm not sure I understand what you're saying; Ruby lets you just write top-level functions and variables just like you can in Python. I also think you might have misinterpreted my giving examples as being "rules"; I certainly can't come up with any objective rules to determine whether a language is OO or not. I must not have made myself very clear, but the main idea behind what I was trying to convey is that I don't think anything is "completely" object-oriented and that plenty of languages fall somewhere on the spectrum of OO languages. Oh, I think I see what you're saying. If I'm understanding correctly, then you're saying that the types that traits define are only used with generics? This isn't quite correct, as you can use trait objects to get dynamic dispatch rather than using generics. But yes, in general, functions that are defined to take traits as parameters generally use generics. I'm not sure I'd still consider the idea of traits to be inherently tied to generics, though; the Iterator trait, for instance, is usually just used to call Iterator methods on different types rather than as a way to bound the types of function parameters. OT: I really like the word "ensafen", and I'm totally going to borrow it for future use If you want to test that something doesn't compile, you just try to compile it and it either will succeed or fall. UB is a runtime thing, so that's not relevant to this point. Offhand, I would just use whatever CI tool you're already using to test various compiler/OS combinations and then just write a bash script to run that compiles a test file (given as an argument) and exits with the opposite exit code that the compiler gives (i.e. 0 for failure, 1 for success). Since you're here, what's your take on why Clojure has become so popular lately (compared to the mindshare that Common Lisp or Scheme seem to have nowadays)? Although I've barely touched Lisp (and never touched Clojure), it seems weird to me that Clojure is so widely used compared to other Lisps. From what I can tell, the main differences are that it's on the JVM (obviously) and that it uses loops rather than recursion, but neither of these really explain to me why things like ClojureScript exist instead of "SchemeScript" or something like that. Do you think it's related to the ideas presented in the blog post, or is there something I'm missing? Almost forgot to respond to the UB part: you can use clang's UBSAN to help detect when undefined behavior occurs. https://clang.llvm.org/docs/UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer.html > Other teams might rather have a slugger hitting first than an average fast guy. I remember seeing a Red Sox-Blue Jays game at Fenway Park last year where the Blue Jays had Jose Bautista hitting first, which definitely fits this description. Most modern hitters seem to be really bad at bunting. A lot of times you'll see someone literally push the bat forward into the ball, which is literally the opposite of how to execute a good bunt. I think of bunting like free throws in basketball; they're both things that really seem like they should be so easy, and yet some of the best players really seem to struggle with it. That's really cool! Honestly, it seemed really weird to me at first, but I guess if you don't have a tradional leadoff type guy, putting someone who gets on a base a lot is the next best thing, and Bautista certainly walks a lot. I remember earlier last year when the Red Sox were batting Betts, Pedroia, Bogaerts, and Ortiz as their first four and Betts was hitting a ton of home runs, my father and I thought that they go Pedroia, Bogaerts, Betts, Ortiz since Bogaerts had little power and Pedroia kept hitting into a lot of double plays. A few weeks later, they started doing Pedroia, Bogaerts, Ortiz, Betts, which was actually even better since then opposing pitchers couldn't safely walk Ortiz. > a meaningless game (that was stupidly given meaning) "This time it counts!" If he isn't aware that he's an amateur when it comes to string theory, he definitely shouldn't be put in charge of interviewing a string theory expert. "Nobody knew healthcare could be this complicated" If I had read this a week ago, I probably would have dismissed this due to having already had a better experience using the RLS with VS Code than any other Rust editing experience so far. However, quite recently I started trying out using Intellij with the Rust plugin, and I've noticed all sorts of little things that make the editing experience better that weren't present when using the RLS; for instance, if I originally importing something like `use foo::Bar;` and I want to import another item from `foo`, I can add an open brace before the "B" and start getting autocomplete when I being typing even before putting the comma delimiter and closing brace. I'm not familiar enough with the LSP and general implementation of editor plugins, but it's fairly easy for me to believe that implementing the above feature in Intellij using a custom plugin more fully integrated with their existing completion engine than eschewing the tools the IDE already had and building something independent of them. I mean, a two-second Google could haven't shown you what FoundationDB was. > We were cautioned beforehand not to embarrass him I would hope Bill Gates doesn't have such a delicate ego that he couldn't handle losing a game a ping pong Not a phone call, but a couple of years ago I woke up to a text and a push notification from my bank (correctly) informing me that someone had used my account to pay for a hotel room and some other stuff and that they froze my account. I'm not sure if the person making fraudulent charges ever got caught, but they refunded me the money and issued me a new card, so it ended up only costing me the hour or so I had to spend at the bank that morning sorting everything out. How much did you make? :D Probably because there was a lot less Swift code than Python in the wild at the respective times each came out with the new version, so having everyone upgrade all the old, incompatible code was less daunting. > I think the use of those inline-emojis on a message are a good indicator of importance. That could be another feature for the logistic regression. Upon first reading that, I thought you meant that more emojis implies more importance, and I was very curious about what kind of conversations you and your peers were having on Slack I'm not sure that's what a user would expect; if anything, I'd think users would expect the opposite, that internet requests potentially with identifying information are not being sent to third parties based on what they've typed into the box without hitting send. > Brace yourself: I use two spaces after the end of sentences too. [1] I am quite the rebel. The paragraph above this one seems to use single spaces after periods. Is this a Hacker News formatting thing, or are you conning me? Do people actually code with non-monospaced fonts? I've never seen anyone doing that before Yeah, but it probably wouldn't be used for much besides phone calls and maybe texts, as opposed to email, web browsing, etc. as well. I think GP's idea was that having a more flexible language is specifically useful for configuring Emacs, not that Lisp is better than Go in every imaginable case. I can only speak for myself, but I (an American) tend to any away from using coins at all just because they're rather unwieldy compared to bills or credit/debit cards, which are light, easily stored in a wallet, and useful in much smaller quantities. Interesting! Out of curiosity, what aspects of coins do you find more convenient than paper money? One of the issues with coins for me is weight/volume. It wouldn't be too much work for me to have $20 in $1 bills in my wallet, but carrying around $20 in quarters (or even $1 coins, to be honest) seems like it would be much more effort, since it would take up a large amount of the space in my pocket and likely be fairly uncomfortable for my leg. One thing that wasn't clear to me at first was that the point of Web Extensions is ensure that extensions play nice with multiprocessing rather than just to give compatibility with Chrome extensions; viewed in that light, I find it a little less surprising and much more palatable that they're planning to disable legacy extension functionality in a few versions. It's interesting that they cite DRY as one of the reasons for refactoring the code to use closures, as it appears that in their later example of sorting, the two lambdas they pass for sorting ints and strings are identical other than type. Interestingly, it looks like that repetition could be solved by a macro that generates the function given a type. I'm not surprised super familiar with Go; I'm guessing that it doesn't have any sort of macro system that could do this, or else they would have mentioned it? Oops, meant to say "I'm not super familiar"; my phone must have autocompleted "surprised" without me realizing, and now it's too late to edit There was no stealing involved, but I had a somewhat relevant experience a few months back. My grandmother was visiting me (in New York City) and accidentally left her pocketbook in a taxi that we took. After a long time of googling to try to figure out how to contact the cab company, I found out from a concierge at her hotel that there was a specific number you could dial to reach some sort of help line for the city (I think it was "311", but I'm not positive). I called the number and after listening to a recording for several minutes, I reached a point where I could speak a term and have it give me info on it. After saying "New York City cab company" or something like that, it gave me the option to give them a tax number so and they'd give me the number of the company. Luckily, I had paid for the cab with my credit card, and my bank app had the cab number in the transaction, so I was able to get the number for the company. After calling them, I got the number of the garage, who then gave me the cell number of the driver. I called him, and it turned out that he had heard us try to call the phone earlier (but couldn't get to the phone in time and couldn't unlock the phone to find the number to call us back at), so he went back to the spot where he had dropped us off to try and find us. He came back to meet us at the hotel, and we got the pocketbook back (and gave him a nice tip for his trouble). From what I understand, cab companies acknowledge liability for their drivers, so they'd be much more inclined to take action against unscrupulous drivers. It seems plausible that people who want to use the pretense of driving others around to steal things from their passengers would be much less likely to want to driver for such a company, so I wouldn't be surprised if my experience with a driver willing to go out of their way to return items is much more common with taxis than Uber. Stupid question from someone not well-versed in economics/finance: is it even still considered a "bubble" if it never bursts? If I try to compile a project to use and it has over 20 errors, I'm probably not going to be sticking around to use it I'm interested; do you have a link to an article or something describing this? I'm curious about how the FBI could get access to the mail without the post office knowing. > It's getting ridiculous now, with a super blurry line between language features and built-in utils I think part of the problem is that there isn't really a standard library for JS, just a bunch of global variables that are automatically there when your program starts Not sure about unwritten rules, but it's usually not a very good idea anyways. If you're down by a lot, you're going to need so many people to get on base that you're going to have ended up scoring anyways, so it's generally not worth the risk of an out unless you think that the risk of a double play is higher than you getting thrown out. > There are a lot of these, but they mostly boil down to "don't have too much fun" and are exceedingly stupid. I completely agree, and they're probably one of the worst parts of the game. Wow, I'm also very amazed at the description of the document: > [T]his document consists of almost 700 pages of responses from CIA employees to a 1973 directive from Director of Central Intelligence James Schlesinger asking them to report activities they thought might be inconsistent with the Agency's charter. I love the concept of just asking your employees to tell you everything they did that they're not supposed to, and they just write up a bunch of reports and send them back. Also, fun is the warning about the PDF size, which feels a bit quaint: > this file is 28MB, so please be patient while it downloads I'm the same way, except less sure that I'll find something that will change my mind. Without a comparison to men, this is pretty hard to make judgements based on. For all I know from that data, there might be an even lower interest level among men for Rust. > Google literally hired all of the world experts in the technologies involved and had them put together a new browser. > Rather than Chrome being the story of huge resources, I see Chrome as an example of what a small team of highly-skilled, highly-motivated experts can do. I think this is a false dichotomy; the huge resources are what allowed them to hire all of those experts. Yes, it's from the part of TFA article about developing IoT devices. Also in TFA is the author describing their time working on Firefox Mobile and later Firefox OS in glowing terms. $100k/yr is around what an entry level software engineer gets at Google. I'd guess that Google paid these experts much more than that. > I also cursed a bit, but unlike the OP, didn't cry (WTF?). It's not really constructive to criticize how someone else responded emotionally to the same situation. It's great for you that you didn't cry, but it's not like anyone chooses to cry, and there's nothing wrong with them for doing so. Ah! I didn't know what either "jigger" or "woodlice" referred to until I read your comment. I actually always used to call them "pill bugs", although I'm not sure if that's something that others call or just a name I learned from my family. I don't think GP is distrusting m disagreeing with you; it sounds to me like they're saying "if your point is that it's safe in trace amounts but not for drinking a whole glass, you shouldn't be offering to drink a whole glass" Ah, okay, I didn't realize that; that changes my view on it quite a bit. So why not just static methods, then? > If there's something more "socialistic" than being crammed cheek-to-jowl with other people in the back of an airplane, I don't know what it is. Well, there's still the "people who can afford exorbitant prices can get much more legroom and service and be separated from those who can't" thing going on there First class is much more comfortable than coach class, though, which was my point At least on the northeast regional line, Amtrak has multiple classes; the regular line has coach and business, and the Acela has business anad first (which I find to basically be the equivalent of Burger King offering medium, large, and "king" rather than small, medium, and large, but that's beside the point). To be clear, though, I wasn't trying to give an opinion on whether I think taking the train or flying is better, just that I don't consider the experience of flying on an American airline to be "socialistic". > How can you see them as people if they aren't being less professional in that setting? I'm very confused by this question. My view of whether someone is a person is not mitigated by them acting profession. All the more reason not to engage (or attempt to initiate) a sexual or romantic relationship with a subordinate or superior. It has nothing to do with salaries; if you're in a position to make decisions about someone's future (hiring them, firing them, etc.), it's not appropriate. I think it's more that on the scale of how injust something can be, this just doesn't seem up there enough to be worth getting upset over. If you're their superior, then yes, definitely. There are plenty of people of different social classes than you who don't work at the same company as you, so I don't think a social norm saying that you shouldn't ask out maybe a few dozen people you work with is a "closed caste system". I was responding specifically to the argument that you can't have only class methods because not everything is a class, in which case you could just call them something else other than "class method". Ah, that explains why I've only heard the name acetaminophen (I'm an American) I think you might be misinterpreting what GP is saying by trimming the end of the quote; they're not saying that making something easier to read makes it harder to write, they're saying that making something easy to read but hard to write is a worthy goal. I think the Rust example isn't quite fair, as the Pony and Java examples you give are for types, not functions. The Rust equivalent would be `struct Foo `, which I think is as clear as the Pony example. Props to Daniel for defending the contributor, as I'm guessing they wouldn't feel comfortable arguing back with Linus. Random OT question: how can you tell when a comment that isn't yours is being downvoted? I've seen comments like yours a few times before, but I can't see the karma on individual posts. Is there a karma threshold for being able to see this (like the 500 karma threshold for being able to downvote)? Most (if not all) legit package managers at least use checksums to reduce the chance of malicious packages getting installed; I'm not sure about others, but I believe pacman (the Arch Linux package manager) also refuses to install packages from unless you've imported the GPG key of the distributor. This isn't to say that package managers are completely safe (nothing is), but there are fairly significant differences between using a Linux package manager and piping a script from the internet to be executed. Interesting; I'm unable to notice this on the comment being discussed with my current setup (Firefox on Linux) Yep, I agree. Providing checksums for scripts to curl isn't the the norm from what I've seen, though, which I think fits in with what GP (of my original comment) was saying. Also, I'm not super convinced that most users would bother verifying the checksum; from what I've seen, most people downloading Linux distro images don't even bother verifying the checksums that are provided. This is really cool! I hadn't heard of it before Haha fair enough Ah, I guess I should have read the previous emails that led up Daniel's response On Linux, there's `espeak`, which is essentially equivalent to `say` on Mac. Is there anything after you get to Computation Administrator? By the same logic, you could do something in C that isn't considered undefined behavior but acts in an undefined way when compiled with Clang > Is seems that Racer is still missing support for auto-complete on basic code snippets Interesting; I view that as a bit more than a "basic" snippet for autocompletion to handle, although that's mostly a few facto interpretation because it's one of the few things that no Rust autocompletion engine I've tried (racer, RLS, or Intellij's plugin) has been able to handle. For pretty much everything else I've tried, at least one of them has been able it. Regardless of the value of the pun, telling people that they should comment about certain things instead of actually commenting those things yourself feels a bit strange. If you want to have a conversation about the security implications, why not just start it yourself? 50 out of 50 people is not insignificant Fair enough! I definitely agree with you there I completely agree with you; however, the switch in the game to toggle the real-world overlay on and off is labeled "AR", which is likely why people refer to that feature as such. > I think the bigger trend is that training oneself to excel at those types of problems meant (in addition to other things) one thing about you back then (that you were really into programming). Now that same behavior likely means that you want to get a nice job at one of the big tech companies, as a result of them publically selecting for that. Thanks for the explanation! The idea being discussed didn't quite click for me until I read this I'm curious; what did you initially parse the sentence as meaning? I can't think of any other way to read it Do you mean that you wouldn't expect them to write an article about this? The "A" in "AV" does stand for audio I'm not completely sure how well that would work in practice, as many times programmers don't use actual works for names, but abbreviations (len, dict, etc.). That being said, I think the example the author gave about Excel worked well because there was an already-enumerated set of functions that needed to be localized. I could totally see it being feasible, if tricky with regards to parsing, for (programming) langues to provide a compiler/interpreter flag to instead use a different translation/localization for keywords and standard library identifers, which although presumably more numerous than the number of functions in Excel, are still an already-enumerated set. Given how most languages rely on community contributions for translating documentation, they could presumably ask the same contributors to help with localization of a language's built-in and standard library identifers. Ah, okay. I can see that! There are plenty of crazy things one can do that don't overthrow the system But apparently you can plant fake seeds and start plowing, and then people will come and plant real seeds there, and then you can harvest that wheat An interesting thing I learned recently about cpantesters is that they'll also test packages against the bleeding edge versions of the interpreter, so sometimes a package maintainer will get an issue filed (or a PR) saying "your package is going to break in about eight months", which I find both funny and cool. As it says in the quote you provided, the difference is that it tests what the result would be of the merge, which differs in that a merge might introduce regressions; if you've never had a bug introduced by a merge not doing what you expected, consider yourself one of the lucky ones. I remember my first experience with That's flaky tests! (or more accurately, Cargo's: https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/3715 I don't think I said whether or not I thought that their process is wrong, I just extended GP's analogy I struggled a while back trying to get FDE on an OpenBSD install, and I think I did eventually get it working, although it took a good amount of time and effort. For comparison, back when I installed Arch with FDE for the first time, I found the documentation to be more than sufficient for getting it working relatively easily. Given OpenBSD's emphasis on security and the fact that the installer already can autopartition the hard drive its installing to, it would be awesome if the installer supported FDE in the installation without needing to manually deal with all the disk commands. One potential solution for this is to use LVM, which lets you resize the partitions later. Even if you do just want to use /, /boot, and swap, it can be useful if you later want to change your swap size or reduce the root partition size to add new partitions if you decide you want to dual boot. Most of this seems pretty standard for Linux distros; python2 and python3 installed by default, ability to install venv through `python -m`, other versions of Python and various packages available in the repositories. Is there something I'm missing here? I tried the same thing, and it took me almost half an hour to realize that there was a "prime day" category in the search bar available for usage (although I also blame the UI for not making that more obvious). Of course, once I searched, there wasn't anything I was interested in anyways. Ah, I missed the "CPython in multiple 3.X and 2.X versions". Thanks for pointing that out to me! I think GP is saying that they want to be able to install the Fedora/Redhat libraries (like SELinux) on other distros as well Right, but the issue GP has with this is that the Python libraries that Fedora develops aren't available on other distros, and that submitting them to a Python repository would be an easy way to achieve that availablility Yes, but it's also the one that's less fulfilling While I don't agree with the general tone of the above comment, I am curious if anyone can enlighten me on why one would need a getter on a member that's already public. > That said, instead of installing an entire framework like Xposed that hooks the process to bypass certificate pinning, you can usually just decompile the APK I remember reading something years back about Java decompiling, and I believe it said that all Java code is decompileable except for inner classes and nested try-catch. Assuming my memory and the source are correct (which might not be the case), why hasn't it become standard practice for developers who don't want their app reverse-engineered to just put every class inside a wrapper class? I can imagine there could even be tools for doing this at compile time so that you wouldn't need to manually deal with the indirection when writing the code. > If your "getter" is doing more than getting the value then maybe you should not call it a getter (imo) I'd definitely agree there! In fact, I might go further and say that if your "getter" does more than just return a member, then by definition it isn't a getter While what's idiomatic is subjective, I think there's plenty that everyone can agree is not idiomatic, so I think GP's quote is still pretty commonly used Fair enough, although those types of things seem like they'd need to be explicitly written, not auto-generated by a compiler (like the ones described as existing for Scala) Yep, no arguments here! I haven't programmed in Go, but from what I understand, Go's explicit error handling isn't enforced by the type system, as you can leave off an `if err { ... }` check and everything still compiles. I think adding a generic result/error type (like the Result type in Rust or the Either type in Haskell) would be a pretty useful feature, as currently the error handling sits in kind of a weird place between forced handling and traditional exceptions. From other responses in this thread, it sounds like they don't, but instead sell it to the executives who make purchasing decisions. > In both cases I have to either write a handler immediaitely after the call, or I'm going to fail and toss it back up to whoever called me. The main difference as I see it is that in Rust, you can't get the success value if there's an error, so you're forced by the compiler to handle any error if there is one. With tuples, you're free to just look at one element regardless of the value of the other. You don't need to go over a bridge or through a tunnel to upper Manhattan from lower Manhattan It seems like GP might have gotten it backwards; the usual form of a callback is a lambda that's not a closure. However, a callback function might not be either, e.g.: function foo(x) { return x + 1; } function bar(f, y) { return f(y); } // `foo` is a callback but neither a lambda nor a closure bar(foo, 2); edit: adding the missing the "b" in lambda > foo and bar are both lambdas and closures. A named lambda is still a lambda. > foo = function (x) { return x + 1; } > is identical to > function foo (x) { return x + 1; } I'll concede that for JavaScript (and a few other languages); some languages don't treat all functions as just a lambda with a binding, though. > They are also closures. Since they don't refer to any outer variables, they are closures containing zero context variables. If foo were to refer to some other variable, the closure would contain one context variable. I'm not very keen on the definition of "closure" including functions that close over zero variables, because then "closure" becomes indistinguishable from "function", and the word is no longer useful. I might be wrong about the technical definition, but I feel like having a word for closures isn't very useful if it doesn't mean "closing over one or more variables". No offense, but I'm not going to base my understanding of how programming language terminology works on Elisp. Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't Elisp generally considered to be a rather poor dialect of Lisp? At the very least, there seems to be a desire in at least part of the Emacs community (i.e. the one place where Elisp is actually used) to replace it with Guile, which I can only assume is due to it being a superior language. Regardless, though, I don't think what any one language calls something is going to go very far in convincing me. As for the Rust ad hominem, I've been specifically arguing against the terminology that Rust uses (i.e. all lambdas are called closures, and nothing is called lambdas) that is much more consistent to your viewpoint than mine, so I don't really see what point you're trying to make there, other than that you're as prejudiced against Rust as I am against Elisp. But that's fine though; people are free to like whichever languages they like, but I don't really think it's worth taking it personally when others disagree. > Importantly, the contract is not part of the Ethereum protocol, so other implementations and non-multi-sig Parity wallets are safe. Safe from this bug, maybe. But there's nothing to say that they might not also have bugs of their own. Wayland is the default for Gnome now, and Ubuntu is switching to Gnome for its desktop next year. Have they said anything about whether they plan to change the default from Wayland to X for their installations? In my experience, dual graphics on Linux is more of a pain than either solely Nvidia or solely integrated. Both my current and past laptop have had dual integrated/Nvidia setups (the first because I didn't know any better, and the latter because I mistakenly thought it was discrete only), and both times my solution has been to just not set up the discrete card at all because I've been unable to get the dual setup working in a reasonable amount of time and I don't do anything graphics-intensive enough for it to matter. The main reason I haven't used derive_builder much is that I'd much rather have a compile-time guarantee that all the field that I want are filled out than have to check for an error at runtime (or worse, just `unwrap/expect` everywhere). I'm not sure there's currently a way around this on stable, but I'd personally prefer writing boilerplate for my types than having to handle errors in places that shouldn't need them. > we lose track of counters at ~8 of them I must be below average in that regard; I never have trouble being able to distinguish the number of things when there are three or fewer, but it's somewhat difficult for me to tell four and five apart, and I essentially have to resort to manually counting for five and six. Because it's a lot easier to undo unmaximizing a window What's the easiest way to view the actual commit diff? I'm curious about what version of clang they're using, as the message indicates that they were using gcc4 before, which is fairly old. ZFS's license (CDDL) is generally considered incompatible with Linux's (GPLv2), whereas it's compatible with the BSD license. See https://sfconservancy.org/blog/2016/feb/25/zfs-and-linux/ , which also discusses the case of Ubuntu moving towards including it by default anyhow. Touche! Good point! I hadn't thought of that. That being said, I thought that GPL was compatible with BSD; is that not the case for GPLv3, or was this more of an ideological choice by the OpenBSD developers? Edit: Not sure what the reason for downvoting an honest question is; from Googling, I can't find anything about incompatibility between GPL and BSD, and I didn't express any opinion about the merits of BSD vs. GPL. Awesome, thanks a bunch! To save others who might read this thread some time, the specifics of this issue are described by this: "For historical reasons, the OpenBSD base system still includes the following GPL-licensed components: the GNU compiler collection (GCC) with supporting binutils and libraries, GNU CVS, GNU texinfo, the mkhybrid file system creation tool, and the readline library. Replacement by equivalent, more freely licensed tools is a long-term desideratum." IIRC, Gentoo still uses CVS as well (which is arguably more fundamental to the project since it's source-based). The original creator of the OS now works on Funtoo, which is based on Gentoo but uses git. > Similarly, one could argue that the function prologs and epilogs that gcc generates fall under the GPL. Can you really not compile code with gcc and have the result not be GPL licensed? This seems a bit dubious to me, although I honestly don't know enough to know if it's true or not That depends; do you mean that it has to be written in the next ten years and then later becomes widely used, or that it has to become widely used in the next ten years? If the former, I'd say maybe if Redox becomes mature enough to be widely used maybe a decade or so down the line (with "widely used" meaning "used as much as at least one of the major BSDs", since those are what are being discussed in the PDF), and if the latter, I'd say almost definitely not (and this is coming from a huge Rust fanatic) Not that this is a complete solution, but there's an option for users to "turn chat off" for given users in their friends lists so that you don't show up as online to them and vice-versa. I use it for a substantial portion of people on my friends list simply because I only message a small subset of my Facebook friends, but theoretically you could enable it for everyone on your friends list so that you never showed up online to anyone. The only catch is that there's no way to turn it on by default, so you need to make sure to enable it for the given user every time you become "friends" with a new person. From the example of FOSI in the article, it looks like the SGML elements aren't directly contained within the elements they style but refer them them from attributes (gi="h1", gi="h2", etc.), which is actually more similar in functionality to having external CSS stylesheets than inline CSS (which is what I think you're referring to). I think that tannhaeuser was just stating a preference that we use the same syntax for both the content (HTML) and the style markup (FOSI vs. CSS) I've also found I prefer odds over evens; I'm not entirely sure why, but at least in terms of when there are an odd number of objects or visual markers in a row, I find it inherently satisfying that one of them is exactly halfway between the endpoints, and it slightly bothers me that with even numbers there isn't one. I think the worst case of this in science is the way that evolution is described in a way that implies an active process rather than just random mutations which may or may not make organisms more fit for survival. > Imagine that you got a letter from a stranger, telling you that the locks on your upstairs windows didn't work properly. How confident are you that you'd take it as a helpful suggestion, rather than being completely creeped out by this menacing weirdo? If I were really creeped out, I'd be even more likely to spend effort making sure the locks on my windows are secure, as now I know there's a menacing weirdo looking at them, so I'd want to be extra sure he couldn't get it. This is where the analogy breaks down; if my metaphorical windows were on the open internet, I wouldn't feel at all secure after locking up one single weirdo. > It boils down to this: 1. Your question is so simple it is stupid to ask someone who is actually qualified 2. Your question is so complicated that anyone who would feel semi-confident in having actually solved it in 40 minutes is someone too dangerous to keep around Really? You don't think there's any possibility of a middle ground here? I haven't gotten one myself, but this might be something you're interested in: https://www.theverge.com/circuitbreaker/2017/6/13/15793502/n... > Why would you feel insecure if that were the case? Because there are multiple weirdos/criminals in the world, and protecting my stuff is worth it to me. What was strange to me is that it didn't seem to actually cite any sources. When I scrolled down to the bottom to read the footnotes, I expected links to purported studies, but instead, they were just more rambling. I'd think the burden of proof should be on the author for the dubious claims within. EDIT: I looked at a link to the document on a separate comment on this thread, which appears to have links on some of the text that was missing from the Gizmodo article. Unfortunately, they aren't clickable, so I guess the most I can actually say about the citations is that they are rather informal. I didn't read GP's comment as saying there was a problem; it's not in conflict for the word to "fit existing convention and be understandable" if it's made up. Maybe the issue is that GP posted so many as once the they got flagged as possibly being spam/malicious/other desirable thing and therefore got put into a manual-verification bucket? > Companies that are too political can't scale at all If being against white supremacy is "too political", then what you're really saying is that companies shouldn't be political at all—which is a reasonable viewpoint, but I think the phrasing "too political" is a bit misleading. > 57 is lightning fast. Like, almost uncomfortably so on my machine As others have said here, I just installed Firefox Nightly after reading this, and you're 100% correct. I think it might even be faster than Chromium for me. I'm a native English speaker who's passable at Spanish, and I've noticed this as well. One of the ways I try to practice Spanish is by mentally translating the lyrics of (English) songs that I'm listening to, and it's pretty much impossible to fit a direct translation of most lines within the correct number of syllables, so it becomes an exercise in trying to find a way to express the same thing in fewer syllables before the next line of the song comes. It's also completely trivial to arbitrarily change the "last modified" date of a file to literally anything you want on Linux with `touch -t`. > Great tooling With the caveat that I'm still fairly new to Go, I'm not sure that I'd call this a complete win for Go over Rust. With regards to editing tools, yes, Go's has the edge; completion, formatting, and function lookup are all still better than anything Rust has to offer, although rustfmt has come leaps and bounds from where it used to be, and RLS looks very promising. With regards to what I'll call "infrastructure" tooling (building, packaging, testing, etc.), Rust absolutely wins, hands down. Cargo is miles ahead of anything I've heard about in the Go world, which currently has multiple commonly used tools for dependency management (none of which are nearly as good as Cargo), and I've already encountered Makefiles and custom shell scripts for common building tasks that would be a breeze with Cargo in the few weeks I've been building Go. That's not to say that there might not be equally good options out there for Go, but if they exist, they don't seem to be universally used, which mitigates their usefulness. More on a personal opinion level, I also utterly despise the way GOPATH works. I generally try to group the projects I work on by category rather than by language (i.e. ~/code/projects for side projects, ~/code/forks for open source repos I contribute to but don't maintain, ~/code/scratch for simple projects in each language I use for if I want to try out a package or something, etc.), which GOPATH is completely incompatible with, as I'd need to add each of them to my GOPATH and then put all my Go projects of each type into a "src" directory in each of them and then either move all my non-Go projects there or have a bunch of Go-specific directories littered around in each of them. If I don't put my Go projects in a ":src" directory inside one of the paths on my GOPATH, then I can't use gorename to change the name of a variable or function, which is frankly ridiculous. This isn't to say that my way of organizing my projects is the "best" way, but I feel like enforcing a directory structure outside of the project that the tool is being used in is borderline hostile to the user. I'm guessing this is more intended to facilitate using Rust in projects primarily written in Go rather than vice-versa. Nice! I've looked into dep, and it was clear to me that it would eventually be the standard; I just hope that everyone switches to it once it's released as part of the official tools. > I can't get any dot-completions on vpt > Even more weird is that if I add a type declaration to "let vpt" (specifying the same type that would be inferred), then completion works I'm fairly certain the reason for this is that RLS (and every other Rust editor/tool I've tried) isn't able to handle completions for things coming from macros (transitively or otherwise). Although the prevalence of the `vec!` macro might make it seem like the completion is "extremely basic", variables coming from macros are pretty much the only case I've found that RLS can't completely properly for. If you manually write the code that the macro would produce (i.e. `{ let mut temp = Vec::new(); temp.push(pt); temp }`, I think it should work fine. I've recently switched to using Intellij for my Rust coding, and it's been phenomenal. I'm not usually much of an IDE person, but the experience has sold me enough on Jetbrains IDEs that I picked Gogland for my editor for the Go code I'm starting to do at work now, and I've been very pleased with it. At least the last time I tried it, RLS wasn't able to handle inference for values coming from macros (e.g. completing methods on a variable initialized with `vec![...]`. None of the Rust tooling/editors I've tried thus far have been able to handle that, so I'm hoping that either RLS or Intellij's Rust plugin add it soon. From looking at the README in Atom's languageclient (the editor side of the language server protocol), it doesn't look like there's a dedicated Rust plugin yet[1], although I'd like to think that there would be some way to use it without needing a dedicated plugin given that it's the whole point of the language server protocol. [1]: https://github.com/atom/atom-languageclient#available-packag... I don't do any webdev, so I have no horse in this race, but I find it plausible that some developers would be more worried about Facebook infringing their patents than the respective organizations that develop Ruby, Rails, and FreeBSD. Memory safe, yes. Type safe, no. I wonder if this is an issue with the VSCode extension rather than the RLS then; all RLS can do is provide information to the extension, so maybe the extension just isn't using the information. > Yes, Type safe. You can not interpret something as a different kind of type via the use of interface{}. Interesting; for some reason, I was under the impression that you could cast an `interface{}` arbitrarily, but from trying it out, you're absolutely correct. (I should definitely make sure to try these things out before confidently asserting about them...) > interface{} is strictly better than void-pointers No arguments here; even if for some reason they weren't type safe (which they are, much to my surprise), I'd still agree with you there. > It seems that this 'sport' (and other U.S. 'sports') is one of those uniquely American things like 'customary units', tea drinking and non-standard spellings where British-ness has to be eradicated. Ignoring the flamebait about spelling and baseball, I have to say I'm confused about the "tea-drinking" part. I've always thought of tea-drinking as much more of a British thing than American, as the overwhelming majority of Americans I've met (from living in the US my entire life) prefer coffee to tea. You're totally right about it being silly that we don't use the metric system, though. Personally, I find it kind of ridiculous that new emojis are considered flagship features of mobile OS updates. I'd think that it would be possible to decouple emoji updates from kernel/security updates, so I imagine that Android/iOS tie them to the OS updates solely as a way to motivate non-technical users to update. I'm younger than emojis themselves, to be perfectly honest, but I hardly think that an (incorrect) ad hominem makes my point any less valid. Exactly, they have appeal to people independent of technical skill; hence my hypothesis that they make sure to emphasize the things that are more likely to resonate with larger groups of people (like emoji) rather than things like Project Treble or a "native C/C++ API for high-performance audio", even if the former really have little to due with the OS itself. If we're going down that route, it's also worth noting that "old people" such as GP referred to also can like emoji; my parents and grandparents enjoy using emoji. > No, sum types and product types relate to values, inheritance and composition relate to objects, which include values AND behavior. Inheritance is therefore abused to share behavior I remember back in high school or early college I was having a conversation with a programmer about when the right time to use inheritance is, and he stated that "inheritance should be used for polymorphism, not just to share code", which to this day I think it's a fairly good heuristic for determining whether or not inheritance is the right tool for a given problem. Should you really have to pay extra for the privilege of not being locked out? There are a decent number of places that have a minimum price for using a card, and I've even seen gas stations that charge extra per gallon if you pay with credit instead of cash. I definitely agree that in the overwhelming majority of cases there isn't a difference to the consumer, and even when there is it's fairly slight. (Meta comment on the dicussion here) I find it mind-boggling why so many people have such strong emotions about other people's preferences for things that don't affect them. While I have preferences for what editors I like to use, I don't understand why various strangers on the internet having different preferences would be so upsetting to people. Once you extend this to other areas of life, it becomes even more obviously silly; I personally find the smell and taste of bacon rather repugnant, but there are a lot of people who really enjoy it, and I don't feel the need to criticize them for it. Why should it be any different with text editors? According to their respective Wikipedia articles, D is 8 years older than Go. Given that you're saying that Go had a lot of success breaking into the Python market, why couldn't D have instead if they had put their efforts there from the beginning? Python is a high-level interpreted language, and C/C++ are low-level (even compared to other) compiled languages. While you might be able to optimize your Python code to run faster than it does now, it's never going to match the performance of C/C++, nor is it intended to. Go will be a significant speedup over Python, but likely won't quite match the speed of C/C++ for most tasks. Then again, the ease of development in Go will likely be noticeably better than in C or C++. Rust could potentially match the speed of C++, but it's a much more complex language than Go, so it will take some time to master. (Personally, having spent a large amount of time programming in Rust, I find myself more productive than in Go due to the powerful abstractions present in the former and lacking in the latter, but conventional wisdom is that this won't be the case for most people, and it certainly won't be when you're first learning Rust). EDIT: Anecdotally I've heard that D is a nice language, but I have no experience with it, so I can't comment on how productive it is or how fast D code will run.