I've considered launching a kickstarter for one of my side projects to help pay for my living while I work on my real startup. It seems like it would be extremely time consuming though. I thought I had read in one of those that PG really wants to replace banks and credit cards. Or maybe it was someone else. Either way, that's one of the things I'd love to get into as far as "big picture" stuff (along with a cloud-based "space station" on venus, but the bank thing might be slightly less difficult). I'd completely revamp the entire purchase process, as much as legally possible (and realistically doing that would also require lobbying to change any outdated laws we can that aren't being protected by the other banks. You'd have to go after all the peripheral laws first I feel like, or else the banks would crush you with their influence). The entire transfer of funds and the documentation of the purchase would be re-done based on what we can actually do with this kind of data. It's insane that my bank only tells me things like "AMAZON MKTPLACE PMTS AMZN.COM/BILL WA 06/26" for an amazon purchase. Mint tries to parse that and just has no idea how to classify it. The truth is, the bank should only get sufficient information for facilitating the transfer, and there needs to be a simple system of reporting detailed purchase info directly from the store to the user. Getting this to work with many vendors would be a pain, but it doesn't help that currently I don't know anything about those systems. I have some ideas on how to kind of abstract that out... So... this is really interesting and I have no idea what any of it says. I haven't tried google translate yet but there's also text on the images... Anyway, can someone (perhaps the original poster) explain what specifically is happening? :) ...why? Because it's arabic? Ooohhh, scary arabic. Or they're talking about spies and bombs? Don't we talk about those things on hacker news too? I can't read it, I'm working my way through the google translation and just starting, so maybe it's all "bad" stuff, but to be honest, I hope iranians can shed some light on what our government is doing - the US government itself certainly isn't going to help with that. Hey there! I'm the designer of the product (and co-founder). Totally understand, we've been working as hard as we can to provide clear information, and I had a lot more written about encryption and cryptoauthentication before I realized it may be too focused (we want to get regular people excited about building projects). Cryptography is incredibly important to me, and my ultimate plan is for these boards to be useful in creating dark mesh nets so people can communicate freely even when others try to cut them off. The protocol will be lightweight and we support sending arbitrary data, so it shouldn't be hard to patch it into a network. I still remember the cryptocat articles from a couple months back, and the snooping from the NSA has turned me into a crypto evangelist, so I absolutely intend to provide real strong cryptography. I also understand how skeptical people are (and should be) about crypto systems, so as I'm still learning about this stuff I've been careful not to boast too much before I've got the exact system sorted. Currently the plan is full support for multiple master keys for different purposes (one for firmware updates, one for data, perhaps one for trusted guests, out of 16 total possible keys), per-packet session keys using AES-256, and I'm very curious about ECC, which it appears our system might support, since the encrypt/decrypt are software (though the new radio has an AES-128 hardware engine too). We'll give a LOT of detailed information on the development of this system as it happens (after the kickstarter). My plan is to design a system that any HN reader would be proud of. We're not going to "let open source do it", we're writing it ourselves and I've loaded my tablet full of crypto e-books so I can genuinely learn from the ground up how to do that. Even if ultimately I don't write the software, I absolutely will not sell a system as cryptographically secure unless I personally understand how it is built and why it is secure. We can do DSSS, but our radio engineer (google Earl McCune) advised us that FHSS, while in some ways more complex (actually he just said it's tricker to design "right", which I'm fine with), will be vastly better for rejecting interference and intentional blocking. Hey HN! I'm the creator and co-founder of this project. I've been designing robots since I was 15 and hacking on electronics since I could hold a screwdriver. What I think you'll like most about this project is the open source long range encrypted wireless link our mesh provides. I discovered Hacker News about a year ago and have been a regular reader since, so I remember Cryptocat, the NSA, and all the other things that reminded us why cryptography is important, and why implementing it is critical. So, a few answers: Yes, you can do encrypted mesh networks over long range. I'm a hardcore robotics guy at heart - the name "Flutter" was chosen exactly because this protocol is designed to be as lightweight as possible, and though the mesh protocol itself is still being developed (basically, that's why we need kickstarter, aside from the fact that I'm tired of ramen), I really intend for the protocol to stay out of the way. You'll also have full control over what happens, so you can always turn meshing off and use hard addressing. It's still really simple to use that way and cheaper than everything else I've seen that compares. I absolutely will not sell a product as "cryptographically secure" unless I believe it is, and I understand that the "smallest" flaw in a cryptographic system can render the entire system worthless. I am learning everything I can about cryptography, starting with some amazing e-books I have found on the subject, and just like wireless Our data rate is proportional to our range (this is generally true for any radio system), so we get 1km range at low data rates (1200baud tested, but we physically ran out of test room and had a strong signal). Theoretically this radio can do 3km at 1200 baud and it looks like we should be able to do 1km at 30kbps at least. Also I think the new radio chip doubles all the data rates in these cases (I would have to confirm), and I do know the new chip has higher transmit power and higher sensitivity, so range should be even better. There is a cheap radio amplifier (PA and LNA) called the CC1190, and texas instruments has all kinds of datasheets on using either of the two radios we are working with to give us 10km range, or much better data rates at 1km, etc. We're going to design the protocol with expansion in that direction in mind, if people really dig the range thing (it's a bit much for a beer brew setup, but if you want dark meshnets, lets do it!) I'm a hacker at heart. I first learned lockpicking at the old Noisebridge location (the original one). I love 3D printers and open source, did a rant/thread about open hardware on the Ultimaker mailing list a year back (I was one of the first in the bay area to get an Ultimaker too, and designed a new mount for it that I have on thingiverse). I got on hackaday for some 3d printed helicopter blades, and have been building robots since I was 15. There's a longer bio about me on our site, at flutterwireless.com See also me ten years ago talking about robots (and I feel silly for the "few people do" comment, but I was 15 and trying to keep it simple). http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FJu1eL_dYs Please ask me anything! We are definitely designing these to support mesh networks, and though I haven't written it down anywhere yet, we're not going to default the radios to full on, that will either be automatically configured (probably too difficult, but I'll look into it) or just manually specified. I would really love to make it automatic though, and for anything under constant comms they could easily communicate their signal strength in the ack if needed to coordinate that. The mesh protocols are still under development (that's what we need Kickstarter for!). Our wifi + ethernet shield makes it easy to have an always on device that routes traffic for home Flutter networks, but you can also just plug the board into your PC over USB and feed it traffic that way, you can run arbitrary data of any size over the link and all communications are guaranteed (or explicitly timeout), so I think piping TCP/IP over it will be easy. You can also use a raspberry pi and one of our boards to accomplish what the network shield does (for roughly the same price) but the network shield is designed for exactly this purpose, and many people will find value in that. It's tough to pitch an Arduino with lots of highly technical capabilities - Arduino users just want to know "but can i make a wireless beer brew setup?" That's the kind of information we try to speak to on the KS page. We're also still learning what questions people have! Hah, thanks for the edit. Yeah we've already gotten the range. I've even checked the output of our boards with a radio expert (google Earl McCune, he's an advisor), and using his many expensive Agilent scopes we've experimentally verified that performance of my design is pretty much exactly on par with the reference designs, taking into account that we are using a custom designed RF balun [1] instead of the discretes they use on the reference design. Our RF Expert confirmed I had made a good choice with that, as the losses are tiny compared to ease of manufacturing it provides. [1] (I think it's this one, I'd have to check the part number, they have a couple similar ones). http://www.johansontechnology.com/datasheets/chipset-specifi... The plan is for it to be my favorite, and I'm designing it, so I hope so! I'm trying to design the system I've needed for years, because the problems I've had building robots generalize to nearly all the problems that Arduino users have. We are aiming to nail this. Honestly I completely didn't expect the outpouring of support from international backers. We're two hackers in silicon valley building a product out of my apartment, and honestly canada, mexico, europe - I'm not surprised you guys want it (that's the point!) but I was completely blown away at how serious the international support is! I'm thrilled, excited, and happy to figure it out though! I think we probably can sell in all of North America without changes, I'm checking on it. Europe is also pretty easy design wise, I just need to consult with our radio expert about certification, it was something I just did not look into, with all the things it takes to make this happen! But I should update the FAQ to say "we're" looking into it, since we absolutely now are! exactly this ^ Absolutely! There's lots of hardware around, but being able to turn an Arduino project into an emergency beacon or IP link has some benefits too, and $20 is likely cheaper than what's been around. At $20 these are commodity prices, which I don't think we've had for high quality general purpose computing + wireless platforms. Yup, but we can 868MHz in Europe, and with all the support from international backers I think we may end up doing that as a stretch goal! Just have to talk it our with our RF expert, which we're doing! Thanks! He's a serious silicon valley radio expert. He actually was a member of the homebrew computer club and brushed shoulders with Woz and Jobs before spending the rest of his career advancing radio in silicon valley. He helped lab test my designs, and he's really been an asset in verifying that what I think I did right, I actually did (Texas Instruments has some really great reference material). We experimentally verified on his equipment that my design basically exactly matches the performance characteristics of TI's reference design, and one of our RF component suppliers offers a $600 service where they put your device in their RF chamber to test emissions, which the engineer told me is a much better deal than you'd normally get at that price, but they only do it to help customers get off the ground. Before launch we spent a lot of time speaking to a lot of other professionals and kickstarter folk who have gone through the certification process, and it sounds like it's going to be manageable, especially with Earl McCune's help! I've done all the work on my own, but having a reliable expert is extremely critical in making sure the hardware will not be a problem! Yeah, exactly this. Used to be, you buy an Arduino Fio and an xbee module[1], and for $50 you get max 100m range? Two nodes then cost $100, which is enough for one project and one device to route traffic to mobile, lets say. With Flutter, for $100 you can have 5 nodes, so you can have the beer brew monitoring, control some lights, measure the humidity of your greenhouse, and build a robotic car you can drive with your phone. We're trying to hit commodity pricing for consumer mesh hardware so people can just toss it in whatever they want to make and easily handle the communications they need. And not relying on another radio module manufacturer means we can design the product to be everything we need and nothing we don't, and only pay for board manufacture once, instead of paying for a module (which is a manufactured board) that you then put on your own manufactured board. The radio and cpu should be on the same board and should be very useful (hence open and arduino). Then we can really build a network of things. TCP/IP is a fun idea and I think people will get some use out of it for mesh and darknet purposes, but the target is Arduino users (aka "regular people"). That said, I'm designing the protocol so professionals can use it too. We may end up forking it, and doing what Raspberry Pi did, giving people Rasbian for regular folk and other distros (featured in the same place) for hardcore users. And you asked why not the shield you linked to? This is why: https://dlnmh9ip6v2uc.cloudfront.net//images/products/1/0/8/... That is a $25 shield, $23 radio, and a $29 arduino all stacked on top of eachother, and you get 100m range max. Wouldn't you rather have a single board for $20 or $30 that meets those needs and lets you reach out up to a kilometer or more? I understand your reservations, crowd funding can be a crap shoot. I've already got the BOM sorted out for the final hardware, we're just hitting kickstarter to verify that all the work required to finish this will be worth our while. The more backers we get, the easier delivering this hardware will be. I won't try to convince you of anything you can't be convinced of, but I will tell you that if you are interested I would really appreciate your support, and as per the kickstarter terms of service I can at least promise that if what we are delivering does not meet your needs, you can cancel your order and we will refund the full amount. The EULA does require me to either deliver or refund you, and I absolutely will comply with that. I'd also suggest waiting to see? You could back us at $25 so you get the updates, and then cancel before it finishes if you would prefer not to spend any money at all. And yeah, the radio chip is pretty simple. It's basically a cheap general purpose radio. The other proprietary chip is the Atmel ATSHA204, which you don't even need to use, but provides some excellent cryptographic functions. Either way, I look forward to winning you over at some point, even if that's not till the products ship and the reviews are in! :) We rated both as 1km max, but the basic will have an integrated antenna, with reduced performance. The current radio chipset theoretically maxes out at 3km though, and we haven't actually maxed out range ever, before maxing out distance (we have to use google earth just to find places!). Pro will have better range due to the antenna, but the basic will get a pretty high-performing antenna too. Eeek, good catch! Now that the level has backers I can't change it, but we are working on a better plan for international backers, and I will contact Kickstarter and see if they can open up the shipping option on that reward! I'll post an update for international backers soon! Yeah, they're in the same space as us. We hope that our range, low price, and extreme flexibility will really win people over. Wifi is not really a good protocol for Arduino. If you just want to send a few bytes (like "On", "Off", or sensor data like "215"), then wifi is across the board many levels more complex than is needed. Flutter isn't the minimum needed, but it's essentially the minimum needed to build a secure mesh solution. And unlike wifi modules, we have bare metal control over our radio chip, which gives us a lot more room for doing interesting things, like indoor 3D positioning (which we haven't tested yet, so I have no statistics on the accuracy... yet). The cool thing is, we will research indoor positioning, and every other use of this board we can. I think an open radio and computing module with encryption, long range comms, and ultra low power usage (sleep modes should allow for a year on a coin cell, though again, that has not been verified yet). Interesting. Does our product not seem simple? We're working on some fancy mesh protocol stuff for making DIY projects easy, but those features don't have to be enabled at all. You definitely could use this just like an arduino with a radio attached, we'll have full libraries for sending data to any device directly, and our code will have copyleft licences (thinking GPL, haven't decided yet) and we will encourage forks. You can look at them as basically just compute and radio modules - they can be used however you'd like! It's been a hectic few days organizing all that information, but here's the lowdown: Currently we are using the CC1101 Radio, which maxes out at 600kbps. It's an excellent radio, but has been basically unchanged since 2006, when TI bought chipcon (who made the CC1101). The CC1200 was recently announced as a successor, and it looks pretty amazing. The max data rate of that chip is 1.2Mbps, and it has increased transmit power and sensitivity. The chip is priced roughly the same as the CC1101 and is based off of the same code, so we should be able to port everything to it quickly and pick up development with it. There is a possibility that the chip will have some flaw that makes it a show stopper, but it's intended by Texas Instruments to be a nearly drop in replacement, and if it does what the datasheet says it should handily work for us. There is a possibility that we will end up not being able to use the CC1200 though, giving us a max data rate of 600kbps in that case, and I realize I need to make that clear, so I will go write up that copy on our Kickstarter page now. I definitely don't want there to be any confusion about what we're selling, so I apologize for not making that clear to any backers, I'll mention the change in our coming backer update, which will largely be directed at international backers, who we are working to accommodate! 915 MHz ISM. We're working on international support. I made it, so ask away if you have any other questions! Do it! As soon as we have the new hardware up and running we're going to play with mesh nets ourselves! Atmel has been really good about supporting CPU footprints over many generations (their customers don't like redesigns either), and the FCC rules seem to give you a pass as long as you haven't changed things electrically. There's actually a reasonable amount of wiggle room - basically if there is no reason a board should perform differently, they say it doesn't need to be recertified. (at least, that's what they say) That said, our goal is to brave the waters of the FCC to provide quality radio products to the open source community. If we succeed in getting funded, we should be able to handle the occasional new testing needed for any product changes. We have some higher volume plans which will help pay for that. Arduino is only part of what we're doing. :) This all started because there weren't any open source module designs for the CC1100 radio, so I made one and put it on github (actually I was using the 2.4ghz CC2500 at first). Eventually I slapped an arduino on, and boom, useful thing! yes you absolutely can do this! We will have ultra low power sleep modes, and the radio can turn on briefly to send status, or listen in low power mode for remote communications. Don't worry, I know this isn't easy, but I don't like easy things, they're boring. My last project involved hand-winding motor coils for a linear motor I built from scratch, along with a 24v 10A per channel driver board & ARM CPU mainboard I designed and built. It was a pretty neat system, but robots are complicated, so I'm going to sell circuit boards for a while and dive into software development some more. We have a lot of resources for manufacturing in China. I've personally ordered a few thousand assembled boards from Gold Phoenix through the course of my old job, which was... fun. We've got a lot of connections in Silicon Valley to tap too for finding hardware partners. I'm not particularly interested in becoming a fab house, unless it's cheaper (including headaches). Thanks for the well wishes! actually not at all, we have less TX power than most wifi devices. The data rate is inversely proportional to range, as is the frequency. We operate at a lower frequency than wifi (915 MHz), and a much lower data rate (your Arduino probably does not need a 100Mbps connection). This gets us range without blasting people with radio or having trouble with the FCC. "you can't feasibly build a 1 kbps transceiver with 16 mW transmit power and a two inch monopole antenna and expect to get anywhere near half a km of range with the TI radio" I mean... you say that, but we did, and we're not doing anything special, I just set two android phones to volley their GPS position over USB to the board, send it over radio, and calculate the distance on the other end. I then verified the calculations manually using google earth and landmarks. Here's what texas instruments has to say [1] about the radio: "You can achieve a range of several km with the CC1101 without any problems (line of sight). The output power can be programmed up to 12dBm and the sensitivity level on the receiver is dependent on the programmed baud rate. With a sensitivity of -112dBm and an output power of 12dBm, 915MHz ; the expected range with Friis equation adapted to take into account the height from the ground would be approx 3km." We're being advised by Earl McCune, a serious Silicon Valley Radio expert (google him, he's awesome), and he donated some of his time to help test the board with his nice Agilent RF stuff. He was impressed with the performance of this little chip, and was also impressed that my layout nearly perfectly matches the TI reference design. [1] http://e2e.ti.com/support/low_power_rf/f/155/t/15984.aspx I'll try! (I made it) Electric imp is Wifi and does not function without an internet connection (at least, thats what they told us at the first hackathon). It also doesn't function without a router. We're a lot closer to Zigbee - basically the same idea. We send data directly from board to board, unlike wifi which always runs through your router. We basically use every board as a router. The advantage over zigbee is price, Arduino, openness, and range. We have 10 times the range of $22 zigbee modules, and 5 times the range of their $50 modules, all in an easy arduino package. Does that answer your questions? I tried one. The screen isn't there yet for long term productivity, or even long term gaming. They'll get it there though, the motion tracking and field of view are wonderful, it mostly would just need to be much higher res for non gaming activities. Sounds right, 9v batteries aren't about current, never were. They are about voltage, that's even why they have the voltage in the name unlike basically every other kind of battery. Inside though, they're just coin cells in rolls. Cells are 1.5v each, so you need a stack of them to get to 9v. You wouldn't expect a stack of coin cells to put out a lot of current would you? I think a lot of people think voltage means power, so the 9 volt battery probably sounds much more powerful than a 1.5v AA, but they don't realize the 9v has a bunch of smaller cells and the internal resistance is a lot higher, reducing the current output capabilities. I had a guy tell me one time I should hop up the strength of my walking robot by replacing my 6 AA cells with a 9v. :) I'm imagining: BMS PCB has high current input rings and a blade connector for balancing (like removable laptop batteries). Bottom of case has screw lugs going up through high current input rings in PCB. Battery has ring terminals that are crimped & soldered to high current wires. The battery is in a protective casing that holds mating balance connector and injection molded features keep the high current ring lugs in place. Battery drops into board, high current rings go over lugs and balance connector engages. Rigid plastic goes over the top of all this (bottom when in riding position) with silicone seal around the perimeter. High current lugs go through the cover. Special ratcheting thumb screws tighten down the cover using the battery lugs as a mechanical connection while also pressing the ring connectors into the BMS PCB. Conductive grease on the PCB helps keep out water. Battery would be 100% rigid, no dangling wires. Installation is two lugs, drops in, can be done by hand. Battery should come with a protective pouch or have integrated flip-over cover so it can be dropped in a messenger bag etc. Solves I think all the issues, including avoiding costly or underperforming connectors, environmental sealing, ease of use, and the expensive BMS does not need to be attached. I emailed them something to this effect, since they asked for input, though it sounds like they've purchased battery packs already. Plus they may have considered this, it sounds good but I know production high current battery stuff is really tricky, I've looked at the area quite a bit. Wireless remote they designed in house. Check out their promo video, just google for boosted boards. Yeah, electric is really amazing for high power stuff, I'm realizing. It's hard to do, but the simplicity in the end of battery + motor with just electronics doing the rest means we can get some pretty amazing form factors out of electric things. Since I was young I have dreamed of a "boosted" snowboard, with a snowmobile-like tread that came down the middle and would accelerate me in slow areas. The weight and noise of an internal combustion engine would have been prohibitive, but clearly we're getting to the point where electric isn't so bad. If I'm doing snowboard runs all day though, I want to show up with a handful of battery packs and run through a few in a day. The same would be fun with Boosted. Not being able to replace it means I can't buy a handful of batteries and take them somewhere for a day of uninterrupted riding up and down my favorite hills. Charge dead packs in the car while you ride and with a few packs you can manage a continuous day of fun. That's not possible with non-removable batteries, and customers willing to pay for all that are good customers to have and indulge. If I have a fully charged board and 5 friends, I feel like "OMG look at how cool my $1300 board is" is going to turn into "oh it died, sorry guys, more fun tomorrow". I think that even if people don't buy the spare battery, knowing it's an option will help them feel more comfortable with the $1300 purchase. If the current range falls just short of what you need, an inability to simply buy a second battery to keep in your pack is going to be pretty upsetting. And always being able to keep one topped off at home means that after your commute you can still go out and enjoy your board. That was the power rating for a single cell - the pack has lots of cells in it. If you take hobby remote control cars as an example, I just bought an average lithium powered one that can do 45A at 11.7v, or roughly 500w to drive a any case you want and have it delivered to you quickly. That is a fundamentally different value proposition for the consumer than injection molding. Any individual design seen here could be recreated with injection molding, but the point of this company isn't to provide you with a cell phone case, it's to provide you with any cell phone case design you want. That's not something a company doing injection molding could offer. Molds for injection molding cost a minimum of a few grand and usually tens of thousands of dollars. You can't deliver a unique item to each customer with injection molding. Disclaimer: I know one of the creators, and I have helped give mechanical advice over the past year. I think its a really great product. I'd be using them if I had an iPhone! I've thought about this recently, and the solution is the Oculus Rift or some incarnation of VR. Mounting the monitors is really the only major technical challenge to the setup you describe, and not being able to adjust your distance to mounted monitors would also be a real problem. The current Rift dev kit does not have sufficient resolution to do computer work, and the new units still will not have nearly the pixel density of modern monitors, but what you lose in pixel density you gain in screen real estate. The rift basically surrounds you in a digital environment, and a few people have already started to show off desktop environments that work in VR. Working at your computer in VR means a few major benefits: -Your workstation is no longer defined by the physical space it resides in, so it can go with you wherever you want, such as on the train, in your self-driving car, etc. -Your workspace is no longer limited to several constrained rectangles in front of you - you pay for a single display device and get a workspace that literally surrounds you. -You are no longer required to sit upright staring forward, something we have generally acknowledged isn't good for you. Some people spend more money on a nice chair than the cost of an Oculus Rift just to save their back. Not needing to stare forward to view monitors means you can work in any orientation, such as a comfortable reclined position. The staple of starship captains and movie hackers, the reclined "dentist" style chair is generally represented in movies as the way people would sit if they had sufficient resources, such as their own hollywood set building team. -Your workspace is 3D, but not gimmick 3D monitor style - actual immersive 3D, so your applications could take advantage of this for more contextual information and improved workflow. -You have total privacy - no one can see what you are working on in VR, so no one can look over your shoulder. That is until they make virtual coworking spaces. Which will happen. -Your workspace can be flying through the cosmos, on a beach in Aruba, on a NASCAR track, or anywhere else you find interesting. You could be immersed in front row seats of a live tennis match while you work on your TPS reports. You could work on new VR applications inside of your new VR applications, for the ultimate inception "yo dawg" moment. Cons: We will become like the people in WALL E. But... will we? I work from home. I have a standard desktop and 3 monitors. I wake up, walk to the kitchen, make breakfast, then walk to the office to work. Google shopping Express delivers my groceries. Amazon delivers most of my other goods. If I had a self driving car I wouldn't even need to participate in my own transportation when it was needed. What does this mean? It means the future is already on it's way to becoming so convenient that a nearly 100% sedentary lifestyle is entirely possible even for first world people who maintain full employment. For people like me, a dentist chair and virtual reality workstation will not make me any more sedentary - I took 300 steps the other day. I can't really hit much lower of a limit on that. All this means is that I need to take control of my own exercise routine. I need to force myself to work out, as my daily life does not provide sufficient exercise as is. People who do not do this will become fat, like those in WALL E. But being fat is clearly regarded as unhealthy, and our society is becoming aware of the dangers of unchecked obesity. As we get a handle on appropriate health care in the first world, we will need to encourage people to work out. For now, I ride a bike, but if I had a self driving car that could take me to the gym while I worked on email, perhaps I'd get out and socialize more. Rant/Aside: People are pretty dismissive of some of the amazing new tech coming out. Amazon wants to totally eliminate the cost of human labor for delivering goods by using drones, and people just say "but yeah Skynet haha. It's dumb anyway". Virtual reality is actually happening and it's a revolutionary new kind of display device that I know will change the world, and people say "but yeah the virtual boy sucked. this is just more hype, VR will never happen, or it doesn't matter." Robotics in general can change the nature of how we consume things by eliminating all human costs. Robots have fixed costs that can be amortized down to nearly zero for incremental labor, something that is not possible for human workers. We should embrace the technology of the future and figure out how it can be used to do positive things, rather than dismiss it for it's capability to do bad. Skynet jokes are old hat. Lets talk about how much better we can make the future. Another note: Virtual reality and telepresence can eliminate the "AI problem" for robots - that is, we have been able to make robots that can do neat stuff for a long time, but giving them any intelligence has been a so far intractable problem. A remote human operator could control a robot worker with much more precision than our current AI technology, transporting human intelligence into a robot and eliminating the need for comprehensive AI. VR enables 1:1 viewing of remote 3D environments, something a monitor does not provide. This will lead to both good and bad new technology, but as they say - you take the good with the bad. The current Oculus prototypes and all future versions of the Rift feature translational head tracking as well as rotational tracking, so leaning forward brings you closer to the content in front of you. The general goal of the system is to avoid having it feel like there is anything fixed to your head, and it appears that they will succeed in delivering this to consumers by the end of this year. Google for their Crystal Cove prototype for more videos showing it off. As far as the weight, it's not any heavier than a pair of beats headphones, or the gaming headphones I already wear at my desk. It's mostly a display, some lenses, and a bunch of empty space - it's not too heavy. Plus you have the benefit of a more comfortable sitting position. It is a problem in the sense that companies could commercialize robots for the home if there were applications for the robots. Currently the hardware is good (Honda first debuted ASIMO 14 years ago). Commercializing the hardware would drive costs down, which would allow us to do more widespread research on AI. Currently a decent robotics research platform costs more than a Tesla Model S, and until recently they were 10x more expensive. The "AI problem" is the fact that robots don't have many applications until we have AI. The problem can be eliminated by making the hardware useful even without AI. This does not mean people will stop working on AI, just that robotics hardware development can be decoupled from AI development. More robots out there will make it even easier to develop AI for robotic platforms. Your Adderall comment seems to be a way of poking fun at me, and if so does not seem to contribute to this discussion. I thought I contributed something thoughtful to HN. Would you prefer I just make snarky comments? I left Slashdot years ago so I could find people who make an effort to think and communicate - lets do that here. Thanks! Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I've been lurking for a long time, and I'm enjoying actually contributing my thoughts today. I hope to make a habit of it. :) I'm not sure how you could expect to participate in the discussion without reading the thing you are replying to, but you are correct, I don't mention keyboards. Using a keyboard while in a reclined position isn't really a challenge so I didn't think it needed mentioning - you can put one on a plank across your lap, or use a split keyboard on the armrests. But mounting monitors in a comfortable position is mechanically difficult. So you stopped reading at the first sentence, but still want to participate in the conversation... excellent. I have used one. I understand that the current dev kit isn't high res, doesn't have translational tracking, and generally isn't comfortable for long term use. If you hadn't stopped reading halfway through the first sentence you would have seen that I said "the Oculus rift or some incarnation of VR", which was an acknowledgement that the Oculus rift may not be ideal for this when the consumer version is released, but I believe some incarnation of VR will be. Saying it won't work because you've tried the hurriedly prepared low res dev kit is like saying smart phones will never take off because your QVGA windows mobile 5 phone is too low res for web browsing. Technology evolves if people find it compelling enough to buy it. Every honest reviewer I have read says the Oculus rift is an amazing experience unlike anything we've ever been able to experience. I have no doubt that the 1080p versions they are demoing now will give way to 4k versions in a few years (if not sooner), and that eventually working in a rift will be as comfortable as can be. Tech is never fixed in stone. Ah, yeah that makes sense. You would definitely be limited in input while mobile, but at least it would be possible to bring your workspace with you. The good news is, VR has already spawned an incredible amount of research in more natural human computer interaction, so hopefully some of these input problems will be better solved. Most of the input problems being tackled over the last few years have to do with touch screens, which can never be as useful as purpose-built interaction hardware. Keyboards aren't as useful when you can't see them, and VR no longer requires being at a desk, so with any luck we will see real headway in high quality new text input and interaction devices soon. Sent along my resume. Amusingly, I have just started actively looking for a job in robotic cars, and Google was the only place I knew of to apply! Tesla, yes. The others likely have too much to lose and are too large for me - I like a position with flexibility. And I don't want to work on military hardware. Those technologies are some of the pieces of a self driving car, but they are not self-driving cars. The idea is to deliver a car that can be programmed to drive a route from start to finish under its own control, even if it can only do so under certain circumstances. When you can pull out your smartphone and call your car to you from the back of a parking lot, then get in and have it drive you home, then you have a self-driving car. It seems like a leap to assume that engineers working on a product that could kill multiple people would be as careless as those working on mobile apps for sharing photos. For self-driving cars, security and safety are features. For the others, for better or worse, they are afterthoughts. "this ... lays bare the sheer stupidity inherent in kickstarter..." I'm sorry, but where is the stupidity? Kickstarter is a specific tool available to founders/innovators/creatives that allows us to reach a community of supporters quickly and efficiently. Like all tools, it has a specific way that it operates, and to keep such a new thing from spinning out of control, it is relatively simple and has few rules. Fortunately, we are all made aware of this going in. Backers generally pledge to receive a product. The creator benefits from early access to cash which allows them to build their product. This is what happened with Oculus, and they have already delivered vouchers to all backers which they could have redeemed for the original developer version from last year, the current developer version coming in July, or the consumer version still definitely coming towards the end of this year. I fail to see how Oculus gaining a parent company somehow "lays bare the sheer stupidity" of the system Kickstarter provides. People pledged for a high quality VR device, and Oculus promised to change the world. It seems these things will happen. One of the most compelling opportunities provided by virtual reality is not just gaming, but it's capability to put us somewhere else, including in a virtual room with our loved ones. Virtual reality enables an interaction that humans have never before been able to experience - the ability to hang out in a virtual space with another person. Facebook, whose primary goal has generally been to provide a platform for connecting humans to eachother, clearly sees the value in VR's ability to provide this new experience for us. As such, they've used their purchasing power to buy a stake in the VR game and help grow this new technology. Some day, we will be able to hang out with out loved ones, visit the doctor, or join a game with friends all in a shared virtual space. This is a future made possible by the Kickstarter model, which enabled Oculus to get the start they needed to commercialize Virtual Reality. Tell me again how that is stupid? What strikes me as stupid is the huge number of people decrying this move as some kind of perversion of the original Kickstarter promise, or some kind of bait and switch. It seems to be the logical progression of a company creating a ground-breaking new human interface device. Should they stay independent indefinitely just because they were crowd funded? I don't see how that would make any sense, or why such a modification to the Kickstarter model would be any kind of improvement. Yeah, Facebook is one of the few major tech companies who can buy Oculus and let them operate independently, since they don't have a stake in anything much related to gaming or VR. This means they are one of the companies least likely to screw with the Oculus vision, and I see that as a very good thing for virtual reality. Facebook has the buying power to put together a solid hardware production team. I don't think Google has much internal hardware production knowledge right now, aside from the knowledge they bought when they acquired Motorola. Before that, they mostly made things through hardware partners like HTC, Samsung, and LG. I think they produce the Chromecast internally, but it's not much fancier than a USB stick. I'm sure they are quickly learning, but Facebook is also already buying up hardware companies and they have been building their own custom servers for internal use for years. I don't know much about this, but is it possible that Mt Gox simply stole the bitcoin themselves and blamed it on hackers? I imagine the coin is supposed to be cryptographically protected, but I don't know where users stored their keys. Bitcoin is so new that we all seem to have bought the malleability loss claim, but it could have been a red herring. Disclaimer: That is all speculation, I know nothing about this. Ah, interesting. Well I look forward to seeing how it pans out. I feel for the people who lost coin. Hopefully we have learned how better to handle cryptocurrency in the future, even if it's learning how little to trust others with it. I'm rooting for decentralized electronic currency, so I hope the lessons learned make it stronger! I opened it on mobile and it was all extremely laggy and out of sync. It makes me wonder how good their AI would be if web pages are this much trouble. Snark aside though, I do hope this is not an april fools joke, and that it's a real attempt at AI. I know it would really just be a complex traditional program, but I'm still curious what a modern try at AI would look like. I know it's coming back into development as of late, and I do very much look forward to the development of real AI. If anyone wants to comment to inform me that real AI will never happen, I assure you I am already aware of that view. I see no basis for the argument that human intelligence is somehow special in this world. For medical science alone we will never stop researching the human mind, and I hope soon we find a way to recreate intelligence in software. It would be a level of intelligence above ours, I would think. My theory is that basically all of our traffic is compromised, we just don't know it yet. It seems clear that the NSA has been actively working to find and exploit every vulnerability they can, and they have the power of a well-funded concerted effort, secret physical access, and gag orders all on their side. I bet they can do a whole lot more than what we know. Actually, this article is great because it proves that most media distorts facts without venturing into controversial territory (the science paper clearly did not say what the articles said it did). This is as good an example as any on the phenomenon you mentioned, and it's a good topic we all remember and may have been convinced by. My parents and I have already had a discussion about it, where they were convinced that marijuana was much worse than believed, and I remained open to the idea that there may be merit to the study they heard about. But this is an article many people were convinced by because it fed into existing bias well, which is exactly the kind of thing we need to expose. We all know for example that FOX News distorts facts, but if you go into a conversation calling them out, you will lose many people who will claim you are biased. By first pointing out specific, provable stories that have been misreported by all media, you can get a person to believe that news is being poorly reported. Then, after you have convinced them of that, and that it is a problem, you can say "hmmm... now I wonder who is most guilty of perpetuating this." You'll find FOX news in there of course, but if you actually look you will find that all corporate-owned media has turned into fact-indifferent "news entertainment". Also, it isn't irony to cover something specific instead of the broader issue. It might be ironic for Fox to cover the epidemic of misreporting in the media, but even that would actually be somewhat expected behavior given that they keep insisting they are the only fair network. This is why patents like this are annoying. The idea of automated bed leveling wasn't novel by the time this patent had been filed, and doing it with force measurement is an obvious method to someone interested in automated bed leveling. There's nothing novel about doing bed leveling with force measurement. Consider what factors, and in what way? Also, whether or not something is depressing, surprising, or bad is entirely subjective. Something you do not consider surprising may in fact be surprising to another individual, so without knowing them it's sort of silly to say "it isn't surprising". If they say it is surprising, it means to them it was. If you do not think others should be surprised, it may be useful for you to explain what knowledge you have that prevented your being surprised. Flutter Wireless, Inc. - Silicon Valley, CA Open Hardware nodes for wireless sensor networks and Internet of Things. Arduino-compatible, ARM-powered with 1 kilometer range and encryption. Mesh networking and cloud back-end coming soon. We love hardware. We're currently finishing up hardware development for delivery of our Kickstarter, and would like to expand our team to develop our core platform. Connected devices & Internet of Things is a quickly growing market sector, and we're looking for a few skilled engineers who'd like to help us expand. Our current plan is to build up our core platform and focus on our general purpose dev hardware, likely with a focus on sensor networks. The field is pretty wide open so we want to use sales of our current hardware to determine where to go next. People we could use: -Embedded Engineer who knows ARM and/or wireless sensor networks. -Back end web engineer for a cloud data relay. -Front end web developer. -Mobile developers for Apple and Android. -Electrical engineer for hardware layout. -Angel Investors interested in Internet of Things who can also actively advise. If you're interested, go outside and shout really loudly, or send an email to taylor |at| flutterwireless dot com Since only Tesla actually wants to sell direct (and in fact needs to due to the unique nature of their product), this does in effect only target Tesla. It just doesn't look so targeted to the layperson, which is likely why they can get away with this. Or a one time pad. Plug the key into a physical port inside of the car and it generates a million codes that are saved in the key itself and the vehicle. The vehicle can have a memory of several paired keys, which all require a separate procedure. Make the procedure take 30 minutes and require physical access to the inside of the vehicle. I suppose the issue is that someone could still get you to press the button out of range and copy that value over the air, and then use it on your car. But perhaps there is a scheme to avoid that too. Maybe use a real time clock and use a new key every second. Really, there should be open source hardware that can do this. Can't these vehicles be unlocked with access to the CAN bus? You could disable the insecure proprietary RF receivers and install an open source system on the CAN bus. They're usually locked down on ignition though... Yeah, there definitely are schemes in standard cryptography that allow for this, and any kind of true modern crypto should solve all these problems handily. I just have a feeling current crypto isn't as future proof as we would all like, and was thinking about a scheme that wouldn't rely on the strength of an algorithm to keep things secure. But then, I may be too paranoid... The infotainment system must be capable of taking address input, and that same computer would be internet connected for a variety of reasons. Taking over the steering as the above poster suggested would likely not be a desirable hack anyway. More likely someone would want to leave the low level control systems intact and just change the desired destination. A solid hack would actually wait until you get to your destination, and then once you send the vehicle to park itself, it instead just goes to the attacker's desired location. Might be a while before you even realized something was up! It was noted that the Xbox One will accept voice commands from a video the console itself is playing. What happens when someone makes a hyper-targeted Pandora ad that uses your car's voice control function to enter a new destination address? If you are paying attention you will likely notice this, but many people have suggested that at some point you can sleep in your car and wake up at your destination, so even that isn't guaranteed. No doubt direct control of steering and brakes will be highly locked down, but as you point out that in no way eliminates the possibility for mischief. How do you know the moon landing didn't transform civilization? Did you try living in an alternate timeline where it did not happen and find things to be the same? What about all those scientists who learned to build rockets, who would later go on to help NASA launch the first weather satellites? What about the work done that led to the formation of the global positioning system? Are you sure it would have happened in the same timeframe by some other actors if NASA hadn't gone to the moon? Where would the scientists have gotten their training? What would have been the economic rationale for doing it? Remember, too, that the moon landings were not scientific exploration. It was a military operation to prove supremacy. The russians put a man in space one month earlier, so Kennedy basically said "Yeah? you put a man in space? well we'll drop one on the Moon and then bring him back!" It was an insane commitment to proving our supremacy. We sent fighter jet pilots on the first several missions, and didn't send a single scientist until several missions in. Meanwhile, exploring the origins of comets helps us understand how the early solar system formed, which helps us understand how the universe formed, which helps us understand physics at a fundamental level, which helps us make better microchips, solar panels, and superconductors that make the tech in our world better at serving our needs. It has nothing to do with "fun for those working on them", though I'm sure they have fun. Truck drivers probably have some fun too, but that doesn't mean delivering goods isn't worthwhile for legitimate economic reasons. Hard science is the same - it costs relatively little and the payoff, while abstract, is huge. If you want to complain about spending, complain about military spending. In the US it is 70X NASA's budget, and 2x the military budget at the beginning of 2001. THAT is bloat. We know how to manufacture bombs. Making more doesn't do much for innovation. Funding science does. I don't think it's about securing our cultural artifacts, it's about securing our knowledge so future generations don't have to go through the same painful, bloody lessons we have. I did printed helicopter blades three years ago: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXlUSWrVzys These other components look printable too. Right now I am making 3D printable robots that don't need any non-printed parts aside from motors, bearings, and drive belts (and batteries and electronics). So these definitely should be printable at home. Well the critical difference here is that changing blade speed is not needed or desired. They just need to change blade torque, which would apparently immediately cause a change in blade pitch. I don't see a specific reason why this wouldn't scale. I do wonder what changes in load do to the system though. If it can't handle changing loads without messing up the blade dynamics, it would only work for fixed payload systems like camera platforms. The joints looked like simple pivots, not flex joints. See how the blade is attached at a 45 degree angle? I think it just pivots there. You can use an electric motor. We can easily make extremely high power electric motors (see: CNC machines and Diesel trains), and power storage will continue to improve. The added cost of batteries at even today's prices could be worth it for the decreased mechanical complexity of the rest. If all we need to do is change the torque of an electric motor, that can be done essentially instantaneously even at high power levels. You're not worried about speeding up the blades, just changing the torque on the drive system. The inertia of the blades actually helps you here. The parts will cycle back and forth exactly as much as they would in a traditional helicopter, and there are fewer comparatively small parts. It would likely be stronger and more fatigue resistant than current methods of controlling blade pitch. We can program the motor to change torque as smoothly as we want. Thanks! Currently I'm working on delivering Flutter Wireless, which is at www.FlutterWireless.com. The 3D printed robots will be for some tutorials we will be launching. Other than that, I've been continually procrastinating about making a website for my personal projects, but I have a lot. If you dig through my youtube account at the original link, I have some other project videos there. Notable ones are: The robot I made when I was in High School: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FJu1eL_dYs&list=UUxTluifYa_... An app to interface with some cheap helicopter joysticks (and not shown - I could fly the heli with an app on my phone). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq2x3DVq7gs&list=UUxTluifYa_... Lighting a campfire with thermite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pu-R_IHirE&list=UUxTluifYa_... A demo sketch I made for 3D printers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEH7Ji4a3Ss&list=UUxTluifYa_... The time I was on G4 TechTV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2R-TlBomnQ&list=UUxTluifYa_... My stuff on thingiverse. http://www.thingiverse.com/tlalexander/designs Not currently represented online are some of the robots I have made, the Tesla Coil I made when I was in High School, and the gas powered hovercraft I made in 8th grade. :) Injection molding is on the order of 10,000x more expensive if you only need a single part. I'm currently on a quest to design highly functional robots that can be made with just a 3D printer and a minimum of external parts - so far only bearings, motors, drive belts, batteries and electronics are the non-printed parts needed. I make everything so that it fits together by interlocking or with minimal use of some coarse printed fasteners. Since nothing needs to be bought from the store that won't be useful if the design changes, it is trivial to iterate and build a newer version. My hope is that with developers worldwide working on improvements, injection molded versions of the parts would become obsolete before the mold was even cut. When it comes to manufacturing, 3D printing is a whole different ballgame. No other manufacturing technique can make so many complex parts without human intervention. This means it opens up all new possibilities for how we manufacture things - like continuous iteration of shipping hardware. Oh, I forgot I have a portfolio of machine parts online now too. http://www.tlalexander.com/files/portfolio.pdf Well the issue isn't just that they're hard to fly or that they're mechanically complex - the issue is that they're both. So you crash often (when flying models) and crashes are expensive. This makes it a very expensive hobby. The issue when flying is that they balance as if they are on a ball. You need to constantly adjust the controls to stop from "falling off the ball". Go the wrong direction and you speed up the rate at which it falls. When it is facing away from you, that's not very hard. When it is facing towards you everything is backwards. When you are turning, the correct direction to stay balanced is constantly changing. Automated systems can do this automatically for you though, so a drone-like autopilot in a standard helicopter could make them as easy to fly as quadcopters. Traditional helicopters are still mechanically complex though. This system looks to fix that. And this would be more efficient than a multirotor. Well, I've had my 3D printer for over 3 years, and ran design and machining for an engineering shop for 7 years, and I have to say I disagree. How do you define "terrible precision"? Is there a fixed scale in which precision goes from "terrible" to "okay" to "very good" to "excellent"? If I'm building a telescope mirror, I guess I just ask the manufacturer for "excellent" precision, and they know what to do? How do you classify "better results"? It is the smoothness of the part, the strength, or the cost at 5, 50, or 100,000 units? Why do resin casting when I can do lost wax casting? Can you tell me, which manufacturing method is the best? Oh sorry, we haven't talked about what we're making yet. Seems any discussion of tools to fabricate things is senseless until we've established what we want to make. I'm designing a robot anyone can make at home. I mean actually, that is what I am doing as I type this comment. (well, I was designing it. It's printing now.). I want a robot that can be customized by the user. I want it to be as cheap as possible for someone who does not have access to anything more than basic electronics and a 3D printer. I want people to be able to design upgrades and test them. Do you think I should design it so I can CNC molds that I use for resin casting? That is, after all, what you suggested. But then, when I CNC something it takes a loooong time. First, I would design a part completely differently if I was going to CNC it versus print it. And if I was going to CNC a mold for casting, I would design it a third way still. If I am going to CNC a mold, I need to figure out where the parting line will be, and how all the molds will fit together. Some parts are impossible to cast, so I have to make sure not to design the part so as to be impossible to make with my chosen method. Once I decide to CNC a mold, I need to source raw material that is as big as my part, but not so big that I waste a lot of material. I'll need some way to grab it in the CNC machine, so typically I choose material a little taller than my part. Ultimately it depends on how I specifically choose to make this part, and isn't strictly defined by the part's size or function. To order raw material, if it was on short notice, I would need to go to the material store. In silicon valley across from the Fry's off Brokaw there is a place called Campbell Metal. Campbell metal is a large warehouse full of people and metals. The metals are sorted by size, shape, and length, and the people who work there tend to those materials - taking orders from the front office and cutting short pieces out of long bars. The cost of my material includes the cost of living of those people and the cost of the overhead for the large warehouse all that material is in. Once that material is on order, I would need to program the machine to make the part. That involves figuring out the steps in order that I will use to take that raw block of material and turn it into my part. Simple parts may have 2 or fewer steps. Most have at least 3. Each one is a separate program. Once I've manually defined the toolpaths to use to make the CNC machine hollow out a block of steel or aluminum, including choosing how to send the tool into the metal, how fast to spin it, how quickly to move it, what depth and width of the tool should make a cut, I can begin to set up the machine to cut the first step. This involves taking all the right tools from the shelf, out of hundreds of possible tools, and loading them into one of the 24 tool pockets on our machine. The machine, a HAAS VF-2SS, cost my employer around $90k. They sell a couple million dollars a year in custom made tools, so they could afford to pay this off over 5 years. I was pretty lucky to get my hands on that every day. I could go on about the casting (get a scale, mix up material by weight, cast it), but I hope you see my point. There is no "best" technique for "makin stuff", because every part is different. When I designed a waterproof housing that was sent 3km underwater to deal with the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, it was made from super thick aluminum with steel reinforcement. But when I designed the power button for our custom android tablet, which included software I wrote to help lift a nuclear cooling tower, I used dinky Delrin plastic for the part. There is no one best material either. 3D printed parts have certain properties. 3D printers have some limits. But what they lack in quality they often make up for in simplicity. If I had decided to print the part above instead of cast it, I'd have just made sure the thing was full and then hit "print". When I need to change something about the design, like I did this morning, I repeat that process. Iteration is a million times easier with 3D printers, which means designers can spend more time refining their parts. For the robot I am designing, anyone with a 3D printer and the most basic of electronics can build a robot. I know where 3D printers are strong and where they are weak, so I design my parts to take that into account. They are chunky, and I leave a lot of room for the wide tolerance of home printers, but the parts work. My 3D printer, when poorly adjusted like it is now, can hold maybe 0.040" of tolerance on a part. When I worked at the machine shop, my day to day realm was within 0.005" tolerance. On a critical part like a bearing seat, we'd add another zero to that. But there are guys making semiconductors with moving parts like DLP chips that would laugh at those tolerances. Even the guys cutting gears on their worst day would have bested my best try, because our basic $90k CNC machines had laughable quality compared to the "real" stuff. Everything is relative. Even hand carved bricks can build a pyramid - with the right designer. Well, parts made in a powder bed printer don't typically have nearly as much grain, if any. I'm a big fan of that style printer in the future, so one solution to the problem is to use those instead. For typical FDM/FFM printers like the hobby ones you see everywhere, there are chemicals that can be used to smooth the print out. I use my parts for robot prototypes where the function of the part is more important than cosmetics, so I don't worry about the grain. If I want a nice part though, I can use very fine layers. You seemed to suggest that 3D printer is never the ideal way to make something, but of course if I need the part as soon as possible 3D printing usually is. My long rant about CNC machining was meant to highlight the huge amount of labor involved in machining things. It takes a lot of human skill to write a CNC program (I do expect that to eventually change though) and more labor to set up the machine to get the first part made. In the time it would take me to CNC something I can print a part while I eat a sandwich or run some errands. Of course 3D prints are slow to produce, but that is counteracted by the fact that it takes less of my involvement to get the parts made. It takes less overall effort to produce a part by print than by machining. I mentioned metal but the entire story I wrote applies to plastic machining as well - just replace "Campbell Metal" with "Professional Plastics". They're both across from the Fry's off Brokaw. I totally don't expect most people to have "run into" a time where home 3D printing is best, but you can still do thought experiments. 3D printing is far more accessible to most people than CNC machining is. As home machines get better and we gain more critical mass of users, we will see more designers who take advantage of the stuff that can be made at home. That's what I'm doing with 3D printable robots, and luckily I have a good intersection between people who want to make robots and people who own a 3D printer. I would say the two key differences between 3D printing and machining is that 3D printing takes zero skill to operate and zero or near-zero labor. Not all home machines have delivered on the ease of use promise of course, but that is an issue with the machines, not the process. My point is, no other manufacturing technique is well-suited for use at home aside from perhaps laser cutting. The value in printing is of course not the quality of the parts, but the fact that it is a type of manufacturing accessible to consumers. Imagine if Dyson provided printable replacement parts for example, and you can begin to see the value. Every manufacturing technique has trade offs. A single print takes longer than machining a single part, but with less set-up. Time to first part can often be lower on a 3D printer. I should note, I have seen that site before. Looking at your comparison pictures, I have a couple of thoughts: 1) I am very aware that machining and casting makes higher quality parts. My point is that for all mechanisms there comes a point where the quality is "good enough". 2) The printed gears you linked to have abysmal quality. My 3 year old printer has made vastly superior parts. See this thingiverse part, with many high quality print examples from home printers: http://www.thingiverse.com/make:17409 I also used to be of the opinion that CNC machining was so superior as to render 3D printing useless. I looked at those stringy prints and said it would never be useful. But then, I slogged for years making CNC machined parts (see some examples of my parts here: http://www.tlalexander.com/files/portfolio.pdf ) and eventually decided to buy a 3D printer. I make more stuff now than I ever did when I had daily access to a CNC. But as far as quality - notice how that stringy gearbox you linked to still seems to work? Sure, one is more photogenic, but the goal of a gearbox is to transmit power not win a beauty contents. Meanwhile I have been using a printed gear on my 3D printer's extrusion system for over 2 years with no sign of failure. The application is low speed but medium torque, and I see no wear or signs of weakening. The printed gear satisfied the requirements of the mechanism. When I think of 3D printing, it reminds me of manufacturing in the 1940's. Parts were clunkier then, like the seat hinge on an old Volkswagen Beetle. But clunky works - often better. Newer techniques might make smaller hinges, but the one from the old beetle still works well. Sometimes higher quality isn't necessary to make something. A designer may choose to make something clunkier so that it can be made at home on a basic printer. Another example- I use this coat rack and lamp mount every day: http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:16485 The article points to the short term goal being just to learn how 3D printers behave in space. They mention printing things in space and then sending them to the ground for analysis. Long term, I think the goal would be to do metal printing in addition to plastic printing (most likely with separate machines). 3D printed plastic parts can do a lot - they aren't as weak as people make them out to be. The obvious advantages are that complex things can be made on site with zero labor required (besides occasional assembly of things that can't be printed assembled). It can be hard to speculate on what a general purpose tool will be most used for in the future, but I do think that there is something on-site printing offers that delivery from earth does not. As we send spacecraft beyond low earth orbit, sending from earth simply stops being an option. Hell, from what I recall of the movie a 3D printer onboard Apollo 13 could have salvaged the mission entirely. 3D printing isn't just about making things you forgot, but replacing things or making new things. Maybe people get to mars and realize there is an experiment they want to run that needs some little assembly they could print. I'm not able to predict what a 3D printer would be used for, but you can be damn sure I'd want the ability to fabricate parts locally if I was on a multi-year Mars mission. And that does seem to be our long term goal. Remember that this space is significantly larger than the total surface area of the Earth, since it represents a sphere larger than the Earth. Imagine the satellites are the size of an outdoor garbage receptacle. Do you think 600+ of them floating around really presents some risk of collision? There's probably more garbage bins just in New York City, and this is spread over an area much larger than the surface of the Earth. Space is really, really large. Using the intuition you developed while living on the surface of the Earth provides you little help when thinking about space. I don't see why it shouldn't. This has been the case pretty much every day for a long time so clearly it isn't against the rules. I agree that it isn't ideal but it's better to link to a good source than to find a poorly written article that is free to access. This is my favorite part: "Linus Benedict Torvalds In article I wrote: >Well, with a subject like this, I'm afraid I'll have to reply. And reply I did, with complete abandon, and no thought for good taste and netiquette. Apologies to ast, and thanks to John Nall for a friendy "that's not how it's done"-letter. I over-reacted, and am now composing a (much less acerbic) personal letter to ast. Hope nobody was turned away from linux due to it being (a) possibly obsolete (I still think that's not the case, although some of the criticisms are valid) and (b) written by a hothead :-) Linus "my first, and hopefully last flamefest" Torvalds" This HN comment posted from a Linux machine in 2015. :) Until we stop subsidizing coal, oil, and gas through direct subsidy, tax breaks, extremely expensive wars and ignoring the effects of pollutants, subsidizing renewables is the only way to make it fair. I am absolutely for removing all subsidies for all forms because I am confident that solar presents a much better value. But ask a politician to suddenly start charging fossil fuel users for our wars and pollution and they'll instantly pull out the line that "raising prices hurts the poor". So subsidizing solar is just more politically feasible. It is certainly not the best solution but reversing a 100 year old industry is basically not going to happen. So if we don't want solar to be at a disadvantage (which would strike me as immoral given the value it offers) we basically have to subsidize it. But soon, unsubsidized solar will be cheaper than our indirectly subsidized fossil fuels. The raw panels already only cost $4000 or so for a 5kw home system, and great effort is underway to reduce the cost of installation and inverters. It is unfair to ask non-fossil fuel users to live in a world polluted by fossil fuels, but nobody ever asked us about that one. I remember the days where they talked about making video cameras that would actually stop recording if they were pointed at a piece of media with special markers in it. Nowadays people would use some kind of HDCP-breaking digital capture device, and regulating all video cameras is basically impossible with their ubiquity, but it's crazy to think about video cameras being modified against our will to suit the needs of one industry. Those in power will always try to take control away from us. Don't let them. For me, no linux support is an issue. But then, I have plenty of options for open source media players so I don't particularly need iTunes. Or to flip it around, an iPhone every 106 milliSeconds. Welp... It will be the end of secrets when real AI comes to be. They'll be able to get any information out of us that they want if they have enough time and we keep talking. That is an absurd and useless analogy. You're essentially just declaring your opinion without anything to support it, which does nothing to further the conversation. I've been dreaming lately of starting up a worker coop in silicon valley that focuses on consumer robotics. Is anyone interested in something like that? I'm an extremely capable hardware guy with a broad skill set and extensive robotics and manufacturing experience. I'm running my own little start up now that could help fund initial operations, and could use some people who excel at software, mechanical design, or general operations. I am really troubled by the way traditional companies exploit workers, and see that as a major problem of our age. If you could show the world that a worker coop could succeed doing something highly technical like robotics, it would serve as proof that the cooperative model can work for more than just chicken farms. I'd be focused on growth like a silicon valley startup to some extent, but quality of life for everyone in the organization would be a big deal. I'm also kind of curious about B-corporations, which allow a specific public benefit to share standing with profit as a legal goal. This would be more silicon-valley friendly as far as funding, since worker coops don't have the same revenue generating opportunities for investors. Though the coop could agree to some kind of internal "revenue tax" to pay back investors or save money. I'd love to see some wealthy people just give their money away to talented organizations that want to spread public good. What I'd love most would be to just work on open source robotics that help the world. I've been developing a system for 3D printed robotics that use as few non-printed parts as possible, making it easier to collaborate online with hardware designs. I don't typically even use screws, since sourcing them can be expensive and slow - most parts just snap together or interlock. An alternative plan though is for me to get rich the traditional way and then use my own money for good, so I am going to be checking out the new YC RFS for hardware whenever that comes out. I have some good ideas about improving life in the kitchen that might be workable. :) I think a worker coop is always explicitly owned equally by all workers, which isn't what Google does. The model makes it hard to get investment, since there are no "super owners" like investors typically are. The coop could pay the investment back like a high interest loan with flexible terms, but I haven't seen exactly how that would work. I'm interested in that though - see my other comment here. I mean... if I am concerned about exploitation of workers, do you think I'd be hoping to exploit my workers? You're basically just asking if I'm genuine or not, and the answer is yes - I actually care. I'd rather make much less than my potential pay if doing so lifted many others out of the harsh capitalist dystopia we've created in the US. I'm actually under the impression that everyone would get paid the same, as everyone would have an equal share of the company and profits. I honestly don't mind if the staff packing shipping boxes gets paid the same as I do designing new robots, though it is also possible to contract out nonessential parts of the operations so that the coop employees only form the core of the company. However that seems like cheating, since you're relying on exploited workers. I believe open source robotics and solar power can free us from the shackles of work we put on ourselves in the name of productivity. I have a lot of respect for Karl Marx, but I also appreciate why so many of the Marxist experiments failed in the 20th century, and I hope that 21st century tech can change things. I also believe food and housing should be made available at no cost to anyone who needs it. We can easily afford that in the US, we just have a near-religious aversion to it. So yes, I am genuine. Certainly this model makes some things more difficult. That is kind of unavoidable when you do things totally differently. There will be pros and cons any time you choose one approach over another. However, this problem isn't insurmountable. The members of the collective could all agree to pay certain bonuses to highly productive members, or everyone could agree to give more productive members more time off. Alternatively, we could only hire people like me. If you want to make the most money, go work for a traditional exploitative company with a lot of extra money. If you want to live with a clean conscience, take less pay. Teachers do this for example. They teach because they care even though the salary is less. A tech coop could offer better pay than teaching with similar non-monetary benefits. We will never end exploitation as long as everyone focuses solely on maximum profit, but if anyone out there wants something different we will find them. I am not saying this is guaranteed to succeed but that it is worth trying. Elon Musk didn't think SpaceX would succeed but he knew it was worth trying even if he lost all his money. Not trying the coop model means accepting the status quo of exploitation, and I'm not sure I can do that. The point of the cooperative model is to find people who do not necessarily prioritize profit over all else. Teachers for example tend to value the social good of their work over pay. Worker coops would offer people like that a way to actually produce goods rather than just educate people. But the worker coop model is not for people who want the most profit. However we cannot simultaneously have a world where no one is exploited but the most capable maximize their profit. In order to have more income equality the elite would have to accept less pay. We see major inequality because those who could have taken as much profit as possible. That kind of thinking would need to end if we are to end worker exploitation. However there are non-pay related benefits to working for a coop and we would find people who appreciate those benefits more than money. Certainly this is not for everyone. But what if the coop makes millions and every worker gets $500k per year? That would be an awesome place to work. Actually if a normal company is to make a profit off of you, you will get paid less than what you are worth to them. There are some market forces at play that determine typical worker's pay, but they aren't really tied to what you are worth and are instead the smallest fraction of your worth the company can get away with based on what other companies offer. Because of the nature of profit seeking companies, this fraction is always dropping in a healthy market. WalMart workers, for example, are not paid what they are "worth" or the company would make zero profit on their labor. It is a frustrating misconception that workers in a capitalist market get paid what they are worth. In a coop, many people will get paid more than they would otherwise, as no one gets paid starvation wages unlike most companies in the US. Highly productive workers may get paid less in a coop than in a typically arranged company however because typical companies exploit the workers at the very bottom in order to reserve more money for those at the top. It is possible for highly technical workers to get paid more in a coop though. Apple's latest profits were something like $750k per worker per quarter (this includes apple store employees), though clearly they are exceptional. If a coop does very well, they could easily provide more money to all workers than the typical pay of a highly successful company. A coop that makes a lot of money can also contract out some work to coops that make less money, thereby taking advantage of cheaper labor without relying on exploitation of workers. A coop that ships boxes will earn less per worker than a coop that designs robots, but such a system is generally more fair to workers. So some people may get paid less than normal but most would get paid more. Traditional companies can afford to pay more to those at the top by exploiting those at the bottom. This does not happen in a coop. I imagine a compartmentalized market of coops where highly successful coops have only a few employees with a large salary, and then they buy goods and services from other coops that may make less money and therefore cost less. So a robotics design coop may make $500k per employee but only have 5 employees. When they ship products they could ship via a shipping coop that only pays $60k per worker. This allows some room for exploitation but it would probably better adjust for real market value of workers than what we have now. I hope you will read my comment adjacent to yours, rather than simply assure yourself that what you already believe is correct. You can theorize that I simply don't understand, but I offer an explanation for why this is the case in my other comment. Simply put, most workers would get paid more than they typically would, but the workers at the very top may get paid less. This would be true in any scheme that seeks to balance out the pay of those at the top, since there would no longer be huge sums of money from the exploitation of those at the bottom. If you don't believe exploitation exists, I urge you to look into the state of capitalism in the 1850's when Karl Marx was forming his opinions and compare that to the state of WalMart workers today. Exploitation is a default component of capitalism and is not simply some imagined issue made up by those who wish for a more egalitarian society. And apparently other commenters have mentioned that coops can have the same kind of pay structures as normal companies. For example someone noted that one company limits the pay to the CEO to 75x the lowest worker's pay, and he currently sits at just 60x. This is closer to pay differences we saw in the US in the 1960's. But certainly when you pay the people at the bottom a fair wage, there may be less cash to throw around at the top. This is not a design flaw. Awesome, thanks! I have been following that subreddit but the other links are new to me. Well in basically all cases the worker can't be paid exactly as much as they produce because some of that money must be used to pay for other business costs. However in a market with excess labor, workers can get paid a very small fraction of the value they produce, keeping large sums of profit for those at the top. In a coop the workers simply won't allow this, and more reasonable pay rates can be determined. According to another commenter, many coops operate with some kind of market rate pay scale and place limits on the ratio of highest pay to lowest pay. This prevents one CEO from gobbling up half of the money used to pay workers and leaves more money to pay those at the bottom. So you are correct that in all cases workers are paid less than the value of what they produce, but in a worker-run coop the ratio of pay to value can be much higher than in a typical business. As far as workers getting paid what they are "worth", I think you are missing something. Yes, workers are only worth what someone is willing to pay for them. However I don't think workers get paid the maximum a company is willing to pay, especially in a market with excess labor. A company may be "willing" to pay programmers $180k per year before their business model fails, but due to a good supply of desperate people they may only need to pay people $80k per year. So in that situation the workers are getting paid much less than they are worth. Would you agree that workers typically do not get paid the maximum the company would be willing to pay but instead get paid the minimum the market will bear? I am speculating here, but I would imagine that the smaller the pieces, the more likely the machine is to jam and the fewer sheets it can shred at a time. Regular pieces are used because of how the shredding mechanism works. I think they did what they did because until this competition, it was always sufficient. If you really don't want paper to be recovered, burn it. Funny, for a load of bullshit the article offered a much more detailed explanation of their thesis than you have of yours. Don't you understand that we all inherently have blind spots based on where we come from? The idea that work has to be alright because everyone does it is exactly what people used to say about slavery and overt subjugation of women. People still say it's bullshit that we should concern ourselves with the environmental impacts of what we do. It's easy to call something bullshit, but philosophers for centuries have suggested that wage labor is better described as wage slavery. It is a legitimate idea and one worth considering. You're quick to dismiss the idea but slow to provide alternative suggestions for how we might be able to end the forced misery of the working class. I'm planning on making an open source 3D printable robot arm in the next year or so. I've made a good 3D printed remote control car that uses few external parts (no screws). Working on custom printable motors now and then I'll probably do an arm. Nothing to share yet, but if you want you can google my company (Flutter Wireless) and join our mailing list. I have a bunch of circuit board to deliver first but I will be focusing a lot on robotics as time permits. We often can't see the uses of new innovations, but that rarely means they have no use. What I noticed that was interesting was that the machine can print structures in mid air. Though they're only demonstrating the basic capabilities right now, I'd be surprised if we didn't see something very useful come out of their lab in the next few months. How can I contact you? Or want to shoot me a short hello email and we can connect? My email is a gmail address - tlalexander . So... design your policy such that they don't affect the most poor (fund things by raising taxes on the wealthy, etc). It in fact is that simple, yet we lack the political will to make policy that disproportionately affects the wealthy. That isn't because we can't, it's because our ideology ensures we won't. This is certainly a jab at Obama, who came to Silicon Valley today to tell us all that the government can "keep us safe" if we just let them take our personal data from private companies. Obama has been pushing a plan for "cybersecurity" that involves expanding the NSA spying program and making legal many of the things Edward Snowden revealed them to be doing apparently illegally. I'm politically liberal and voted for Obama twice but the man is fucking lying to us about cyber security. The real solutions to security involve encryption and what Obama is suggesting is that they can protect us by monitoring more. Tim Cook is calling him out as a liar without expressly saying it. I wish he would. We need more prominent people to call attention to how much we are being lied to, because too many people buy the BS as truth. Thanks for those examples from Clinton Era, I was 15 when he left office so I know only a little of his legacy. I am hard on Obama on cybersecurity because, after watching Citizen Four and countless CCC talks with Jacob Appelbaum et al, I just don't believe he is unaware of the damage to security his proposals will make. I suppose he could genuinely believe that more state intervention in our digital lives is ultimately the right call for our security, but I feel like the president would be informed enough to know better. But perhaps he is just in a bubble that makes it hard to see how harmful their security measures are. Either way I agree that the issue is a citizen's issue and not a liberal or conservative one. Both parties have been failing to look our for their constituents and I feel like a true people's progressive party would be an important force to disrupt that pattern. I guess I should be careful about accusing people of lying however, as it could derail my message when the specifics of lie vs bad idea are really not at issue. Thanks for the comment. I suppose don't use a speaker/microphone then. Use a laser reflected at an angle off the bar to an optical transducer and strike the bar. Watch for the initial strike and the reflection. The time domain is nothing for a dedicated CPU such as the 64MHz one I use in my projects. If the only issue is sensing the phenomenon, I'm sure something could be devised. Or feed the marker's liquid reservoir from a larger tank. Hilariously, a good way to do this with infinite "ink" would be to draw the letters on a touch screen with a stylus. I agree. I am a total facebook user but I am beginning to take a second thought to the idea of giving my whole friend list to random companies (which is what the sign up page offered). I decided not to sign up because I just don't want to give that information out to every company that asks - especially when that company doesn't even respect me enough to offer e-mail sign up. It's like - yeah, if you want to verify my identity through facebook's API, great. It's fast and you trust facebook. If I choose to save time and do that instead of email sign up and it is my decision, that's great. But why do you need access to my friend's list? And not giving me the option of using my email means you aren't really looking to protect me as a user... which means I definitely am not giving you access to my friend's list. I use facebook every day, but that doesn't mean I want to leak my complete friend list to every site on the web. F-Yeah GPL Home automation! I make an IoT board called Flutter Wireless and this looks like it could be a great software platform to pair with the hardware. Our hardware is creative commons share alike attribution and our software will be GPL (releasing soon). Hardware has a 64MHz arm CPU and runs Arduino code. Plus it includes an 868/915MHz radio with 1km of range, battery charger, and crypto chip. :) I'm just starting to get my hardware out the door, but I'll have to keep an eye on this... :) Oh cool will do, thanks! "More interesting than 10nm, though, is the news that Intel is looking to move away from silicon FinFETs for its 7nm process. While Intel didn't provide any specifics, we strongly suspect that we're looking at the arrival of transistors based on III-V semiconductors. III-V semiconductors have higher electron mobility than silicon, which means that they can be fashioned into smaller and faster (as in higher switching speed) transistors." The old way took tens of years and a couple hundred thousands of dollars in food and board. Plus there is no way in nature to take a DNA sample left at a crime scene and turn that into a rendering of a face. Now it can be done with $100 worth of DNA analysis and a few minutes of compute time. The article notes that they used data from 23andme, a commercial DNA profiling service that is $100. So... two poorly designed sites? I don't think that the author ever disputed that GPG is a highly secure system when functioning, or that it is "the best we have". Certainly it's the best we have, and that highlights the sad state of affairs. I think a lot of engineers make the mistake that regular people will be so won over by a new technology that they'll learn it as well as the engineers do. That isn't how it works. So far we still haven't gotten regular people to learn programming, though more people program than ever before. Humans like simple. This is not a flaw. Software can do anything, and it is written for us. We should not have to learn a bunch of arcane commands, skills, and concepts unless there is no technical way around this. Ideal encryption would have a quick initial setup, and then each message would have a sticky button for "encrypt?". Then whatever is required in the backend does what it needs to do. Complex software that gets the job done is much, much worse than simple software that gets the job done. Unless things get so oversimplified that there is no way to verify correct operation. I agree that people need to learn about encryption, but there's a middle ground between no knowledge and knowing enough about it to use GPG. I have to say I really disagree. Why would someone need to know how different crypto protocols work? Do facebook users know how TCP/IP works? Or are they just given a series of user interactions required to make the computer do what they want? Couldn't we do this with secure communications software? I don't need to know why a certain crypto method is recommended, for example, if I know that a trusted party recommends it (say - Edward Snowden and Jacob Appelbaum). We could have an open source crypto program with a set of basic modes for use. Maybe "mode 3" is good for basic interaction, while "mode 5" is recommended for whistleblowers but requires another step in the physical world, while modes 1 and 2 are deprecated because they were discovered to be vulnerable or weak. The above is stuff a regular person can understand. Do they need to know how these modes work? Well, they need to know what input is required, but they don't really need to know how it works behind the scenes if they trust someone else to recommend the basic modes. Then it must certainly be possible to write software that walked a user through how to complete the required information. It could say "plug in your secure USB key now", then "type in your passphrase" and then "remove USB key to continue". Really, I think engineers have a hard time seeing how easy we could make things. Yes that would all take a ground up rewrite and open source projects don't do well with that. Yes it would be easier if people would just learn, but that's a fantasy and we should understand that. It must be possible to make a secure communications "wizard". Disregard for mathematics has nothing to do with it. People want to know what to do and they want to use as few steps as possible. Installing a handful of command line utilities and remembering a bunch of commands isn't the answer. One program with a simple graphical interface must be possible. For what it's worth, I live in Sunnyvale just next to Mountain View and I have never seen or heard this abbreviation used. I thought "I work at Google in MTV" described some internal Google department, and it wasn't until I saw "commute to MTV from SF" that it clicked. I work from home and it's pretty nice never having to commute. I miss other people though. If Google built nice apartments or condos and rented them at discounted prices to employees, you could wake up and get dressed, take some little robotic electric vehicle to the nearest cafe, get a free breakfast, and then pop into work. To me this sounds amazing, because it's like working from home but with other humans to interact with. I think perhaps starting to build buildings is a sign of a company's maturity, and that separately many companies that achieve this maturity end up struggling to maintain the focus they enjoyed during their growth. So maybe it is that big successful companies tend to build buildings, and that success sometimes is the downfall of an innovative company. You say that, but there aren't a lot of options in the space business, and even SpaceX with delays is better than other available options. They are slowly improving deliveries as they learn to understand a product and business model that no human beings have ever offered. To say they should do all this and never miss a delivery date is to misunderstand the economics of the space flight industry. That said, it will be an exciting time when SpaceX launches are so common and regular as to seem boring. Hook it up to a food truck. It will take them a while to realize they're following around a mobile taco vendor. In ten years, a huge amount of legal work will be done with software. A gigantic codified legal system is a job almost tailor made for machine learning. Agreed. I appreciate Free Software a hell of a lot more now that I know the US government basically has secret control over any US tech company they are interested in. Free software isn't immune to outside influence, but it feels a hell of a lot safer than blind trust in companies we know are compromised. Just recently the complaints about all kinds of bad software behavior having me seeing why Stallman has been right all along. Think about the idealized versions of software we see on certain movies and TV shows, or even art. They're all cluttered and free from ads or exploitation - because that's what people really want. I understand people need a way to pay for their site, but we've gone overboard with surveillance and monetization of the user. This is what we get when we embrace closed platforms. Free Software gets you nice, simple, easy to use services and closed platforms will always manipulate you for their needs. This is why I want to make a Free Hardware cell phone. I have made one wireless product already and wrote the frequency hopping stack myself, but something like a phone needs better data rates and a more advanced protocol. Still, I dream of a simple cell phone that runs vanilla linux and has apps for IRC, XMPP, and the other functions you would want. The key component would be that the protocol would be designed from the ground up to respect user privacy, including a "broadcast" mode for towers where certain low data rate data channels are streamed without requiring any transmission from the handset. Then you could follow IRC or twitter during a protest without any risk of being probed for your location. The protocol would also be built with anonymity in mind as much as possible, so phones would route data using rolling anonymous ID numbers and spoofing location could perhaps be trivial for plausible deniability (unless that opens up a vector for DoS). I met the "Game of Drones" guys last night and they seemed interested in my wireless. I can only do 1km at 20kbps with current boards and 10km at 20kbps with amplified boards, but I think they might be interested in a solution that would work for FPV and that could be a good excuse to develop something that would also work for a cell phone. I am 100% Free Hardware all the way, so maybe your dreams can come true eventually. :) Yeah, I don't think the issue with with the implementation, it's with the fact that it can't be controlled that companies didn't like. We either build systems to use ourselves or let private companies control our communications. But free software can do things proprietary can't, like maintain trust with the user and provide maximum good. Think about all the good things people could do with facebook but have been blocked because facebook wants to protect their one narrow use case. Social Networks won't reach their full potential until they're totally free software, because facebook has such narrow interests. So sure, you're happy for now, but billions of people are getting spied on and getting sick of it, and out of work programmers are increasing for number every year. As users get more fed up with proprietary companies jerking them around, I feel like people will start to demand Free Software. However this may be what all engineers who fall for Free Software think... I make Free Hardware so my plan is to prove why Free is better to people. We'll see if I succeed! I just recently realized that was the issue so I am working on that now. I encourage anyone who wants to know more about glyphosate to watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqWwhggnbyw Stephanie Seneff is a Senior Research Scientist at the MIT Artificial Intelligence lab (BS in Biophysics, MS & EE in Electrical Engineering, PHD in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science) and she has done research suggesting glyphosate is responsible for a whole host of human health issues due to broad spectrum effects on our gut microbes. Glyphosate doesn't affect any human systems as many may point out, but according to Seneff it does kill a lot of our gut bacteria, and I've seen a lot of articles suggesting how important our gut bacteria are to our health. Seneff suggests that gut bacteria effects are only seen at around the 4 month or later mark in humans, but says every official study has been 3 months or less because they only examined it for toxicity. There are a lot of take down articles claiming she is a quack, but none I've seen that really call into question the science of what she claims. Most take down articles accuse her of working too far outside her field, as if her BS in biophysics followed by her several advanced degrees shows her unable to gather research in biology. Some people think her claims about autism and glyphosate prove she is not worth listening to, but I disagree that a scientist who does original research should be broadly ignored because a subset of their claims are hard to swallow. Even if the autism connection is false, there are many other issues. She points out that glyphosate use has grown exponentially in the last 15 years since it went out of patent, and runoff from glyphosate (which kills plants) is causing real harm to our ecosystems. She also says they have new harvest techniques where they just spray the poison on wheat crops before harvest. It kills the wheat but I guess makes harvest easier. So if her claims are correct, your food could have been directly sprayed with this stuff right before it was taken from the farm to the factory. She then points out that until recently no studies of glyphosate occurrence in food have been done, nor had any studies of glyphosate in humans been done. A recent study found something like a third of european food and a fifth of europeans to have measurable levels of glyphosate in their urine. So there's this chemical that everyone swears up and down is SO SAFE that we don't even need to study it. Meanwhile we have a clearly brilliant woman who makes a compelling case that spraying this stuff left, right and center on our food may be a bad idea. I do not think the people who say "we shouldn't look into it" have a leg to stand on. Seneff may not be right, but the ONLY way to know is to examine her claims and prove or disprove them. We should examine the data she presents in the youtube talk linked above and try to see if her claims hold water. If you disagree with me or know more than me, that's fine. I'm just sharing what I know. I'm not saying we shut down your farm, I'm just saying we should have the facts. Her talk has at least convinced me some facts are missing, including long term studies of glyphosate's effect on our gut microbes. If you can point me to a study of this, please do. Good points, thanks for the rational assessment. I still can't tell if her claims don't hold water (specifically, that glyphosate materially harms gut microbes), but your observations do show she has been shunned by the scientific establishment. I'm no conspiracy theorist there, so that does lend credibility to the idea that she's making an error somewhere. I would love to see a specific debunking of her claims that didn't cop out and say "glyphosate has already been proven safe, DUH" or attack her personally. But your observations are good food for thought, thanks. The product is designed for the future, not for the past. In the past, people were always going to the grocery store, so you could grab what you need "when you're there". I live in silicon valley where all these new delivery services are being tested, and I almost never go to the store. Google Shopping Express delivers non-perishable groceries to my home within 24 hours, Instacart delivers fresh groceries within 2 hours, and Amazon delivers everything else I need within 2 days. I really want to sign up for Amazon Fresh because they deliver perishables and everything else same day, but it's a little pricey. I hate going to the store now (especially since our local market isn't very nice - I love a good market). For me it is a big chore. I work from home so I'm rarely even "driving by" the market. Amazon, google, and others want to enable a world where no one goes to the store (and we all order from them). It's nice not having to go to the store. Your cute calculation of 4.3 minutes saved is making assumptions that totally don't apply to people like me. I don't want to take a 30 minute experience and shave ten seconds off, I want to eliminate the trips to the store entirely. It's fine if you don't see the need for new products, but just because you don't see the need doesn't mean there isn't one. Not saying this product has a need (I feel like I can use my smartphone) but you've completely missed the big picture of deliveries for everything. In San Francisco you can get a bento box delivered in 15 minutes for $12, and I just got a flyer for dinners delivered starting at $8. Everyone wants to do deliveries, and once they're done by robot it will be so cheap we'll all have it. People can't tell there's a monopoly until they see the alternatives. Most monopolies today are so good people have no idea other things are possible. This seems to be a theme with historical monopolies too, which means simply inspiring people to think out of the box is critical to showing people the possibilities. Funny, I'm watching a talk about issues with software quality on free software right now. Perhaps some members of the community are in denial, but not all of them. https://media.libreplanet.org/u/libby/m/mako/ I'm rooting for this project. I have a product in mind for when hardware is available. I know it will be a while, but it will be worth it. Totally agree and feel the same way. Running a business is an emotional roller coaster. I stress from my business a lot to and I can be a wreck sometimes. The stress puts a wear on my relationship with my girlfriend, and in fact we do couples therapy to work through some of the times when I am in a high stress mode. If I had a cofounder, I'd imagine the same stresses would put a strain on the relationship and couples therapy would benefit us all the same. People are really negative about therapy, but it's actually a really powerful tool for helping with all kinds of issues every human deals with. Ignore those comments already suggesting this is a weird thing, couples therapy for cofounders is a brilliant idea. The analogy works fine. A chimp is like a baby in the sense that neither can participate in society. Babies, however, are still treated as having rights. The analogy had nothing to do with who can crush skulls. There is an argument to be made that we shouldn't allow the finance sector this much creativity. Banking has worked for hundreds of years, and most problems seem to be caused by new phenomena. It may be better to over regulate and then remove certain regulations only when the activities can be proven safe, rather than let everyone go crazy with our money and bankrupt millions of Americans every decade or so. No worries, I typically comment the same way and I understand if not everything that is typed is a deeply held rigid opinion. I agree that it would likely not be a good idea for chimps to live in human society, but I think a true rational analysis without invoking divine right would find that if we consider human individuals as possessing a basic right to life, we would find the same for chimps, dolphins, and probably many other animals (perhaps all the way to insects and bacteria). The idea that they all need to live in our society to be treated fairly by the legal system is one that I think needs reexamining. Dolphins, for example, could simply never live in human society because they live underwater and humans do not. But we could find that a human who abuses a dolphin is depriving the dolphin of some legal right to live a non-abused life (I don't know what the legal term here is). I think this is new legal territory, but I have a feeling that environmental protection lawyers will soon try to show that animals have inalienable rights just like humans. (I say it's new, but I also know that people have been working on this for a long time.) So chimps and babies interface with society in different ways, but I feel like they both have a right to life. I mean, religious conservatives say that a fertilized egg has all the same rights as a living human - I see no reason why dolphins and non-human apes should be treated any differently. I know there is a legal history of treating animals like inanimate objects, but that doesn't seem to follow the spirit of our laws protecting the sovereignty of intelligent individuals. I see that changing somehow in the future. They're not late in the game. The Moto 360 came out just 7 months ago, and Engadget said "It's the best Android Wear watch, but that isn't saying much." It's not surprising that Apple took a few more months to come to market and delivered something significantly higher quality. The game is just getting started. I would definitely buy a robot hair cut if it was fast, cheap, and worked well. Wired's writing is fine, it's Crystal that's creepy. An unknown proprietary algorithm tells us what to write to our friends? Soon they'll just write for us. Does an advertiser want 1 million people to casually mention something to their friends today? Have the algorithm work it in! Crystal gives companies a new and more powerful tool for spreading their messages. Of course the first use is always innocent, but if this tech caught on (I can imagine in some form it will) then there is a lot of potential here for PR firms to interject their messages. EDIT: I should add, I don't see Crystal as bad. I see it as inevitable. People have been blindly sharing private data on the web for a decade because no one used it? People will start using it. We do use spread spectrum technologies a lot. I don't know about cell phones though. If you're only looking at it from a financial perspective, it may not be "worth it" (I haven't done the math). But if you want to pay a little to be able to have reliable power from unreliable sources, then it could be "worth it". It may save you zero dollars over ten years, but during that time you're provided the service from this system. Some people (like me) are simply unwilling to keep using carbon-based sources of energy. At some point it just feels awful to be contributing to such a terrible problem. I'm counting the days till I can sell my worn out petrol car and get an electric car. If I had a home and dollars, I'd want one of these batteries. Whether or not batteries are "clean" seems to be a matter of opinion. My understanding is that lithium mines aren't inherently unclean, but many current lithium mines are unclean. The idea is that it is good to support bad tech, since public pressure could ensure it is clean. That's unlike fossil fuels, which can never be clean. All that is just hearsay though, I can't confirm its accuracy. Still, some might say that carbon pollution and groundwater pollution are different problems. One may decide the trade off between one and the other is worthwhile. That may well be how you feel, but lately I feel like any burning of petrol is just disgusting (though I still do it as I cannot afford alternatives at the moment). I want to completely divest from fossil fuels, even for intermittent use. That's as much for the social value of saying "yeah I don't use fossil fuels and it's great" as it is for the environmental impact. I want to try all this tech to be an early adopter and help people prove it out to the rest of the world. People say that, but from what I've heard there is plenty of lithium in the world to increase use 20% every year for 30 years before we need to get more creative in how we mine it. That's a huge total increase and means that electric cars totally are scalable. Do you have information supporting the idea that electric cars aren't scalable? My understanding is that they definitely are scalable. This. I want to be an early tester so I can relate to others the value of the tech. Instead of shocking people, why not dim some lenses in front of their eyes? I experience the same difficulty focusing. Often the new ideas are in fact great ideas, and sometimes they become crucial parts of my work. Progress for me is very organic and sometimes seems random. It is also very difficult to force progress - even when I have specific work to do, sometimes I just can't focus on it no matter how hard I try. That usually means I haven't figured out how to do it, but it also happens when the task is related to things I'm worried about, like failure. When I need to describe to people where it will go, it rarely works well. I seem to have determined that the direction my mind takes me tends to be good though, and I should trust it. Some things didn't make sense for a year and then finally clicked once other things fell into place. I'm speaking as an entrepreneur. The article describes me well. I also keep many, many tabs open. Musk will warranty the hell out of batteries. Maybe they'll wear out in 5 years, but he'll have a giant battery factory in full swing by then. Tesla cars are warrantied the same way. He over promises now to get traction, then uses the profit at volume to cover any gaps in initial deployments. It's a pretty solid plan, but you have to deliver or you lose your reputation. Musk knows he can do it. Photovoltaics can't really be weaponized, and we can't stop bad actors from getting access to large mirrors. Perhaps billionaires will spend their money more efficiently. But they'll spend less of it on the public good. The government may be less efficient (also, citation needed there, as I don't buy that at face value), but even if it is it has access to WAY more funds. Sure, we have some nice billionaires like Zuckerberg and Gates who give their money away, but if you required all the billionaires to give up some money, you'd have a much larger pool to work with. So efficiency isn't the only part of this argument. There is also volume. Real mechanisms you say? How about a 3D printed remote control car that snaps together, uses no screws, and costs $10 in plastic? http://makezine.com/projects/3d-print-badass-rc-race-car/ https://github.com/tlalexander/Flutter-Scout Note: I am the designer. There is so much going on in this article. The quote from a wall street banker says lower oil prices "will push back $3 trillion a year from oil producers to global consumers"... But since oil companies don't pay us to take their oil, the only way that could be true is if you believe that the people's money is supposed to be yours. Which perfectly sums up the attitudes of wall street bankers. If I used to pay you a big pile of money, and now I pay you a smaller pile of money, that isn't a shift of money from you to me. My hope has been that we could pressure the government to open up more radio bands for public use, then create an open source baseband that communicates on those channels. This would have the side benefit of eliminating our reliance on the large carriers for our communications. There is some spectrum in the 600MHz range the government have been talking about re-purposing, but frustratingly they seem more interested in giving that to corporations than letting the public use it. Then you can engineer the over the air protocol to be anonymous. Tower operators could be paid by bitcoin. A truly secure cell phone network is possible. The problem is that certain people don't want us to have secure systems, and we're somewhat reliant on the government to afford us that opportunity. I would imagine that if you focused on how it would help out poor Americans by offering them something cheaper, you'd get more traction than if you focused on privacy. Coercion is most effective when it goes unnoticed. Why does the plumber need to purchase carrots? Why can't this individual avail themselves of existing carrots of their own will? Ah, because someone decided there is this thing called "property rights", which are violently protected. The person growing the carrots purchased a piece of paper that says they "own" the land, and the legal system supports the notion that they also own the carrots they grow on the land. Never mind where the land originally came from. I wonder, is the enforcement of this artificial notion of property rights a form of coercion? If it didn't exist, would the plumber still choose to fix pipes all day? Google tried that. It doesn't work. Driver's don't pay enough attention to be able to resume control in the event of a problem, so the decision was that cars need to be fully autonomous. I believe Astro Teller mentioned this in his youtube talk about moonshots, if you're curious for the source. As for airplanes - there's a lot more time to deal with issues than there is in a car. Could you imagine that we could be concerned for both? I don't think anyone is proposing that we outlaw work, so I fail to see the point of your final sentence. Meaningful labor will never go away as long as people are free to choose what they want to do. Personally I just don't think it makes sense as a society to continue expecting everyone to work to survive. We don't need everyone to work all of the time. What if everyone worked 6 months out of the year? We'd all be fine, and likely much, much happier. I also think it's unlikely that people would spend all of their time playing video games. Sure, in today's overworked society all anyone wants to do when they get a free moment is zone out. But if people weren't so overworked, they'd likely seek out meaningful things of their own free will. No need for us to worry about them, humans have a natural inclination to seek interesting stimulation. Many people will get stuck on boring things, but many people will choose to get more out of life and as someone who would be in the latter category I want to live in a society where that is possible. I don't follow. I agree 100% that lives outweigh jobs and am 100% for self driving vehicles. But you can have concern for the unemployed drivers without thinking that we need to put them back on the roads killing people. That concern could manifest itself in the desire to see public training programs for out of work drivers so they can find new jobs, or all manner of things that don't conflict with a desire to see fewer people killed by trucks. I know I'm certainly concerned about how these unemployed people will survive, despite also wanting self-driving vehicles to get to market quickly to reduce fatalities. Hah, that's quite an assumption! I'd never suggest slowing the advancement of technology to alleviate social issues. I wasn't making any suggestion, but if I was it would be to accelerate the social change not slow down the advancement of technology. "We" already make all those things. I'm just interested in a more equitable way of distributing the benefits. You're making an assumption that doesn't follow from my comment. Did I suggest we abolish property rights? I merely asked a question about how property rights relate to coercion. The solution may be to keep property rights, but to understand their place in society. I just want to stimulate that conversation. We act as if property rights are absolute, but perhaps they should not be used to keep a hungry person from food, or a homeless person from shelter? Perhaps intellectual property rights shouldn't be used to keep a person from repairing their tractor? We're already having a discussion in the US about whether or not people should be able to access health care without exchanging their property to get it. Is it so radical to ask the question about food, shelter, and (inherently not scarce) digital goods? There's an easy way Apple could offer a true cryptographically secure cloud backup service - support local backups with a physical keystore. Make it an advanced option but use it as an excuse to sell users a Time Machine backup unit with RFID built in to read a security key. Apple could make truly secure systems user friendly if they wanted to. It seems they may see some value in doing so. I agree, this is the kind of thing you'd have in an authoritarian regime, not a democratic nation. I wonder, which do we have? "I don't see any problem with the way the world's most powerful system for freeing the mind has been co-opted by for-profit enterprise. I am ignorant of any possible alternatives. Capitalist businesses sell goods and services in exchange for money. I accept that no effort will be made to find more ethical alternatives unless it can produce even more money. We as a society have no control or influence over what individual actors do, and thus no discussion of possible alternatives is necessary." I made it up as a way of rephrasing the parent comment from a different point of view. I don't believe I've said anything about why I dislike for-profit enterprise controlling the world's most valuable institution, so I'm unsure how you could correctly infer my reasons for feeling that way. As far as capitalism, my statement was factually correct and I made no attempt to fully describe the institution. In fact I disagree that capitalism equates to the monetary exchange economy, as the latter has existed far longer than the former. I've made no recommendations for what the alternatives might be, only mocked the idea that, since the parent can't think of anything, we shouldn't ask the question. In fact your assumption that I am for centralized State Capitalism (to use Richard Wolff's definition of Capitalism) and top-down planning is again false. I subscribe to Marx's suggestion that workers should own the means of production, and do a reasonable amount of reading to support that belief. In short, most of what you've assumed is incorrect. This comment is on every post where something like this is revealed. Yes, we "all" have known that parallel reconstruction has been going on. Except for the skeptics who require hard evidence of its occurrence. Well, now we have evidence. This isn't about the practice being surprising. It's about the practice finally being documented. It's hard to say if the drop in terrorism related searches was due to the chilling effect or if people lost interest in the idea of terrorism. What you say is true only if you assume we will continue to ignore and extingush the natural world in favor of human habitats. There are efforts to make space for Earth's non human animals to live in the wild. See, for example, E.O. Wilson's work: http://eowilsonfoundation.org/e-o-wilson-on-saving-half-the-... Also, only a small number of species are bred for food or other resources. I think there's less than 20 types of animals bred for farming. Re-wilding 50% of the earth meanwhile would provide food and shelter to all animal species. "I am well informed and unimpressed." Also, for fairness, do the same with my comment: "Unlike this status oriented nerd, I can relate to you and the author on a human level." All I want to do is design robots for sustainable small and medium scale agriculture. I've been working on robotics my whole life, and am very interested in 3D printed robotics. I've designed a proof of concept 3D printed remote control car [1] and I think it could be possible to design a good robot for agricultural applications that people can build and repair themselves. I design open source electronics for robotics and think we'd all be better off if we owned shares in a community farm, and I want to make that kind of thing possible. 3.5 billion people on this Earth are poor farmers. If we can design functional open source agricultural robots that can be built by anyone with access to a $300 3D printer (and I think we can) we could have a bigger impact on the world than every new Silicon Valley startup from 2016. There is a serious issue with the fact that capitalists don't make things for poor people, because they can't afford to buy the solutions. [2] I don't want that to stop me though, so I'm working hard to figure out ways of funding this project that are functional even in our capitalist world. I think I spend more time thinking about economics and social systems than I do about robotics, since the technical solutions are trivial compared to the problem of getting people to fund valuable non-profitable work. But I think that is possible too. Right now I am working at a robotics startup and solving problems like 3D perception, behavior, team management, handling my own bullshit, etc. My 10 year plan is to have a functioning system for homesteading with robots. I'm really trying to make this happen. [1] http://makezine.com/projects/3d-print-badass-rc-race-car/ [2] http://tlalexander.com/restless/ Currently I'm funding development from my company [1], which was originally funded off of Kickstarter and is now funded out of pocket until I can achieve profitability. In the future I intend to tap in to crowd funding again, probably with a full robot as a development platform, and will check out grants and other sources of traditional investment. I could use people, ideas, and funding, in that order. Funding is forever useful but I'm not willing to accept anything with strings attached at this point. I think I'm at a stage now where I've fleshed out a good enough basic plan that I need more people to work on it. I don't currently have bandwidth to organize much but I figure I will some time in 2017. For now I'd love to get a core group of people together to discuss the ideas, and see how we can develop it further. The general idea is a zero marginal cost society. That is, one more day of society's needs can be serviced or produced at zero marginal cost. This would eliminate the need to work for survival as there would be nothing anyone strictly had to pay for. This requires that some technology be developed, and that a good reduced-consumption culture is fostered that values true freedom over endless consumption. The first incarnation would be an open source farming robot project that would allow small farms all over the world to support themselves with less of their labor devoted to farming. Millions of people could be freed up by open source automation they built themselves or purchased locally. Longer term this would be used to tell a story about how automation and openness can free all of us from the need to work. If you want to chat more about this, my email is in my profile and on my website, below. [1] FlutterWireless.com I hear people say that, but I keep seeing things that are cheaper at Whole Foods than they are at Safeway. Identical products, like Endangered Species brand 88% dark chocolate and Racer 5 IPA beer are cheaper at my local Whole Foods than they are at Safeway. $3.29 vs $3.99 and $4.99 vs $5.99, respectively. Their produce and meat may be more expensive, but appears to be of higher quality. I'm not actually sure how much more expensive Whole Foods is compared to a place like Safeway. Agree on most parts. I would say you can learn to love 0603 and even 0402 if you have the right equipment. You need a proper stereo zoom microscope and then everything is big, and smaller components can save a lot of space. But don't go there until you've done the bigger stuff and actually felt a need for more room. Definitely 1206 and 0805 are plenty fine for people who aren't super in to it. Another hard lesson I have learned is that PCB assemblers lie. Even supposedly reputable community friendly ones. If they can save money by swapping out a component for unknown alternatives, there's some nonzero chance that will happen. Stereo zoom microscope off of craigslist was the best purchase I ever made. I got a Leica, but you can get really good Chinese ones for $400. If you do much PCB assembly, they're killer. I've seen that style but never used them. I will say that a $200 AmScope is well worth the investment. Not as nice as a high quality microscope, but vastly superior to a magnifier. I am super hardcore stallman-esque pro openness, but I also have somewhat libertarian views on how people should be allowed to operate. My thinking is: let them lock them down and after a few years, someone who genuinely values openness will come in as a competitor. If you pass a law requiring some kind of openness, companies against openness will just hang out at the edge of what is legally permissible. I am curious what the HN crowd thinks of this, if a legislative solution could be desirable, and why. Agreed. I brought up a system with nvidia-docker last week for a computer vision application and while it works, it seems fragile. There are more pieces than there should be and it seems easy to break. I also don't know if we can use multiple containers on one host, but it doesn't sound like it. It is not the final solution for containerized GPU applications. This is a good point. I am generally anti-copyright but that view is somewhat recent and I still sometimes have an internalized belief that copyright is natural. However we invented copyright and I do think we should either go to something like 5 year terms or eliminate it completely. I completely forgot that without copyright, this issue would be dramatically different. They could still use obscurity to a point, but we would have the legal right to discover what they are doing and reproduce it. Awesome. Thanks for the reply and I apologize for suggesting something incorrect. It does strike me as tricky needing to match driver versions between the host and the container. Do you know if there is any effort to eliminate that requirement? Also while we're chatting, is there any hope of NVIDIA open sourcing their linux drivers? How would such a move affect nvidia-docker? Hey there. I'm not seeing a lot of hardware engineering positions in Mountain View. Do you think there is room for a robotics hacker like myself? Thanks. http://www.tlalexander.com/about/ I'm constantly frustrated when people make claims like that about 3D printers. You can absolutely make durable parts on a home 3D printer. I designed a whole remote control car to prove that [1], and even the gears are 3D printed. Despite the car having 1/4 horsepower and being able to flip itself backwards with all that torque, the gears never wear out. There is no such thing as "3D printers are for prototyping". They're a machine. They're for whatever you want them for. If you consider the parts okay for your non prototype use, then that's fine. Also, this absolutely is for hobbyists. I'm not sure how that detracts from anything. Maybe the marketing is too suggestive that general consumers will want to build their own laptop, but that's fine. That's marketing. Personally I think the product is excellent as I've wanted an open laptop that runs all free software. I've also had a laptop monitor fail on me, and had to connect it to an external monitor to recover the files. [1] http://makezine.com/projects/3d-print-badass-rc-race-car/ Quanergy has yet to ship any production units. They've also been delaying for years. I have no doubt that they are building solid state lidar, but their tech isn't really "here" yet. Mobile robots used around people could absolutely use that tech today. True. Also, aluminum parts are stronger than plastics. And magnesium parts are stronger than aluminum. But we don't make everything out of magnesium. The question is not "could it be stronger?", to which the answer is always yes until you've hit the extreme end with some kind of inconel/titanium/carbon nanotube mix, but "is it strong enough?". Also cost to manufacture, including tooling costs, is an important factor in choosing the best manufacturing method for a given part. We had one of the mechanical Quanergy sensors at my last job, and I worked on integrating it with ROS and doing some mapping with it. It was slow, not well constructed (it kind of vibrated when rotating), and didn't return intensity information (though it's possible a software update could change that). At $8000 (later dropped to ~$5600), it was poor value. I've never used a velodyne, but I looked over the marketing materials for the VLP-16 puck and it seems like a much more well thought out product. This makes sense as Quanergy is only selling mechanical LIDARs as a bridge, but the fact remains that they aren't very good. Your comment is spot on. You're correct that traditional economics has focused on growth and consumption, and that this puts economic prosperity in direct conflict with sustainability and the health of the economy. I tend to think that the answer isn't so much about specific laws (though the laws do need to change) as it is about holistic system change that stops focusing on working as much as possible and starts focusing on ways to optimize for human well being. This was supposed to be the goal of optimizing for growth, but we're seeing the limits to that thinking. In response, new branches of economics have started that attempt to capture the frustrations many people have with the old ways, and find more holistic, sustainable solutions to economic issues. One movement I have been following lately is just called "New Economics", and that search term will lead to a load of resources covering the issues being discussed by the New Economics Movement. I've been tuned in to videos by the New Economics Coalition[1] now, who recently hosted a conference called commonbound. A central theme of New Economics is the idea that we should hold more value in commons, at a local level. Doing so leads to business decisions that are more likely to consider the people they impact. This doesn't work for everything (massive industry like aircraft production, etc), but it can improve life in a lot of areas. It is also stressed that people who work more use more resources (fast food vs cooking at home, etc) which is bad for the environment, and that working less allows us more time to spend with family and friends which leads to more happiness than just having more stuff. A few people to follow are Juliet Schor [2] and Gar Alperovitz [3]. I also discovered the Institute for Local Self Reliance [4] yesterday, which is worth checking out. What I've been working to do is reconcile progressive ideas for how I feel the world ought to be with anarchist/libertarian ideas that we shouldn't force anyone to behave a certain way. I think the classical liberal way of choosing how things should be and forcing everyone to comply is a recipe for inequality, concentration of power, and disenfranchisement of the people. To me, New Economics seems like a way to respect individual autonomy while creating an economic system that works for everyone. This is a lot of links. If you want a short intro, something like this video with Juliet Schor may be a good start [5]. [1] https://www.youtube.com/user/Efssociety/videos [2] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD9L96GA_OY [3] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0ZTRa4yP-Q [4] https://ilsr.org/ [5] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrIhloNEwT8 Absolutely agree. Check out videos on youtube under the search "New Economics" for more info about this. There's some great channels (like the New Economy Coalition) with full lectures, but check out this short primer video on the concept: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrIhloNEwT8 See my comment about this in another thread for more links: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12243080 People do all these extra checks that computers don't do though. Like, if it's a sunny Tuesday afternoon and all is well, when suddenly launch codes arrive, the humans are probably going to say "ummm... I don't remember nuclear war being on the agenda today. Lets get the commander to call the president." That may be in complete violation of the protocol, but it could be the right thing to do. Humans are more apt to see that something is amiss than computers are. I see that a UBI would help in the short term, by getting cash in to the hands of people who don't currently have cash. But it doesn't do anything to solve the systemic problems we have. Internet and telephony companies are still oligopolies that charge huge extractive sums of money for digital services, our food production system degrades the environment, and health care prices are out of control. Yes, we absolutely need to get more wealth into the hands of regular people, but setting a fixed income from on high doesn't do anything to change the power structures that led to so many people being disenfranchised in the first place. To me, there is a problem when power is concentrated in one place, and remote megacorporations flood the market with goods that won't last but are so cheap most people (irrationally) choose them. The end result is that those in power have no connection to consumers except as sources of money, and people and the environment get treated as disposable. I see the solution as something more like what the New Economics Movement has been talking about, which has a big focus on local businesses. What do you think of this video? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDw4dZLSDXg This is the best explanation. Thank you for sharing! I want to start my own robotics coop and this looks helpful. Have you read Richard Wolff's book "Democracy at Work", or are you familiar with Richard Wolff? He's a Marxist economist that advocates for transitioning society to a worker directed business model like yours. :) Hey HN Readers! I live in the bay area and really want to start a worker owned robotics coop. Does anyone else like that idea? Wait, wait... you're saying that a battery is a shaky proposition? For an energy company that currently can only provide energy during the day? SolarCity is an energy company. They collect and sell energy. They do not sell any solar panels. They use the customer's homes for a distributed collection system. But they sell energy. And currently they cannot sell energy at night. Conveniently, lithium batteries are a proven product growing in popularity. What's sweet is that SolarCity has close ties to a company that has shipped more large scale lithium batteries than any other company in the world. Nissan has shipped a lot of 24 kWhr battery packs since 2011, but Tesla has been shipping 56 kWhr packs since 2008, 85 kWhr packs since 2011, and now ships 100 kWhr packs. You know what would be great? If Tesla sold more product, and if they did so through a partner company that needs lots of batteries. Oh boy, then they'd need a bigger factory! If only... > ...to sell energy at night they'd have to stop selling it during the day. Certainly that would be true if there was a finite amount of energy available and their customers purchased all of it. But they can install as much capacity as they need - there is more solar energy available to collect than humans can currently imagine requiring. If it is worth it to them, there is nothing preventing them from installing sufficient capacity to meet their customer's needs 24 hours a day. Certainly I started thinking about better ways once this image made it clear what we (humans) are dealing with here. I can imagine a cage-like outer shell where the robot inside is able to rotate on two axes under power. Let it tumble any which way and then use sensors to determine the correct orientation and right itself. NASA has a concept for this: https://ti.arc.nasa.gov/tech/asr/intelligent-robotics/tenseg... "For geo-locating and tracking purposes the UMTS target phone is 'pushed' onto the GSM-XPZ cell and then placed into blind call mode." [1] Oh, yeah, of course blind call mode.... wait, what? Does anyone have more information on "blind call mode"? It sounds like a standard feature of some devices, perhaps where the phone actively transmits as if in a call, but without the user knowing. I definitely don't want a device that will help someone spy on me... Also it's great that people are beginning to question the values of law enforcement, but don't forget too that good old fashioned criminals will have this tech too. Sometimes, the two will be the same entity. [1] https://prod01-cdn07.cdn.firstlook.org/wp-uploads/sites/1/20... I see this comment a lot. Sure, yes, I believe people should leave the platform too. But how do you get a billion people to decide to leave? By talking about problems with the platform. I believe that's what this article does. It seems like you're suggesting that the article has no purpose (with your "woe is me" characterization). I would disagree with that. And if anyone is reading this: HN readers, we are the people with the skills to set up a diaspora instance. Yes, your friends aren't using it. Fine. You use it first, and perhaps they will follow. One of my next projects is to set up GNU Social with a feed on my personal website, so I can "tweet" whatever I'd like and know that it will be permanently under my control. There's even Android apps for GNU Social. If you don't like what Facebook is doing, perhaps help support the alternatives? I guess the issue comes when the whole industry has lost its imagination. Apple comes out with whatever they come out with, everyone follows Apple, and there's no ground shaking new ideas anymore. You know what I'm interested in? Innovations in radio technology. Why can't I get a phone with built in mesh networking? No some weird bastard wifi hack, but an honest to goodness mesh networking solution maybe with a STANDARD interface? Some way for my phone to talk directly to a friend's phone without any need for a central authority to regulate our communications. That would be ground breaking. Really? I figure the issue is that it would meet significant resistance from carriers, because mesh radio would eat in to their profits. Noam Chomsky talks a lot about "Manufacturing Consent" (he wrote a book with this title). He says that in a democratic society you can't use force to control people, so you have to control them by controlling attitudes an opinions instead. It works well, and the people of the United States are heavily controlled by the elite, who in this case are the corporations and the media companies they control. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WG5YTEOWCpE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kusAX4Th4N8 I mean... I'd rather we don't have that kind of policing at all. Obviously... In what way is it too simplistic? Is it not correct? I don't think I commented on whether or not it's good. Though I happen to think we'd be better off with a more democratically organized society. I wish somebody had created some kind of universal markup language for text, that would let us easily share it... I agree wholeheartedly, but I wanted to provide an alternative choice of language that I think better describes what we must do: Rather than: "Let's use our extra wealth to give people some more leisure time." We could say: "Let's use our extra wealth to take more leisure time for ourselves." My life goal is to help end the necessity of human work for our survival, and I think it's critically important that we understand that this will only happen if we take the time. John Maynard Keynes famously predicted in 1930 that as productivity rose, working hours would drop and at some point we would all be working 15 hour work weeks. That didn't happen though, and it seems in a huge part related to the fact that, as productivity rose business owners turned that in to profit for themselves rather than sharing the profits with workers. So suggesting business owners "give" us that time seems unlikely, and I think we need to take it for ourselves. We can do that by becoming business owners ourselves, either by joining a cooperative[1] or by starting our own business, or we can do that by earning a high enough salary that working 4/5 as much would still pay the bills, and then negotiating hard with prospective employers until you find one that needs you enough to accept a 32 hour a week schedule. Anyway, I'm completely agreeing with you, I've just spent a lot of time thinking (and writing) about this and I think the language of suggesting we "give" this to workers critically misses out on the workers' agency and ability to take what they want for themselves. Certainly, achieving this will not be easy and there are many problems, but I think it's a goal so worth achieving that we ought to work hard to figure that out. [1] For more information on the benefits of a cooperative-business based economy, see the excellent book "Democracy at Work" By Richard Wolff: http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13591849-democracy-at-wor... I think I explicitly answered your question in my comment - it involves taking more wealth for ourselves by refusing to work for bosses who take it all from us, or by becoming so valuable to those bosses that you command a high enough salary to take more time for yourself. The median income is low because a small fraction of people take a large fraction of the wealth. But workers could leave wage jobs and become co-owners in a cooperative business, where wealth gains would be shared by all. Does that make sense? Calling David Graeber a quack is to miss the mark entirely. He's an accomplished author and anthropologist with a critically acclaimed book on the history of debt and economic systems. He calls those jobs bullshit jobs because he has a (historically informed) vision of an economy that works better without them. He rags on people who write marketing copy, for example, because their job is basically to sell something you otherwise wouldn't buy. It could be argued that, in a more efficient economy, people wouldn't be selling things people don't want to buy. Similarly, he sees managers as a way to compel people to do work they wouldn't otherwise do, and thus sees those jobs as bullshit. It's true that he thinks very differently from you, but that doesn't make him a quack. [Citation Needed] Cool! Are you folks hiring? I've got some highly relevant experience for a place like this. I'd love to help take metal printing to the next level. http://www.tlalexander.com/portfolio/ I trust a well designed protocol over some murky promise not to collect data on me. They collected data when they weren't supposed to before... I thought so. I make snap together 3D printed robots, and thought this would be useful. So I bought a thick book on wood joinery. Unfortunately, many of the elements won't print on a home printer due to overhangs. If we ever get SLS printers at home, this stuff might be useful for that. Corporate firewall? Are you at work? I'm curious, who are your favorite journalists or what are your favorite news sites? Thanks! Many computer users can do this, but most computer users can't. So most users don't have that choice. I like the idea of smartphones as servers feeding content to a CDN... Combined with IPFS [1] that should work well. I was going to make a different comment though. You suggest that, because it would have higher infrastructure costs, a decentralized network is "not feasible" from a business perspective. I'm wondering a) whether infrastructure costs are currently a limiting factor in the growth of social networks, and b) if a decentralized social network needs to be a business at all. But more to point a, what if it cost 10x more, but the current costs were $0.10 per user per year. Do you think a service with a cost of $1 per user per year would be too expensive to operate? [1] https://ipfs.io/ I've found that America makes a lot more sense when you think of it as a country run by rich people, with a whole lot of workers. For the rich, this place is amazing. The rich have all the political power, so this makes sense. You'd think the working class has political power but their opinions are controlled by the wealthy. So for the people running America, there's nothing to fix. The system is designed to produce exactly what it produces. The fact that there's no shelter or health care for the poor is a result of the fact that the poor in America are discarded. We don't have a cultural respect for human life here. We have business. And business doesn't need poor people. They're not good workers or good consumers. I'd like things to be different, and I'm working on it, but I don't have much power at the moment. Well, I certainly disagree. Technically you are correct. In a vacuum any person, even my own mother, could endeavor to learn these things and do them. But when you put a person's life in to context, how do you expect a working mother of three to just learn the tools? What if she has the remotest of computer literacy? That is, she could operate Facebook but no more? Then is it reasonable to expect her to learn how to administer her own server? Can she choose to spend hours a week learning for months while her children need food to be prepared for them, clothes to be washed, and beds to be made? In a practical, not theoretical sense, does she really have that choice? The example with voting feels disingenuous because voting is specifically designed to be accessible to every person. Learning bash and administering your own web server is absolutely not the same. I wholeheartedly agree. I read a book last year I think you would enjoy. The Culture of Make Believe by Derek Jensen. If you've got time I highly recommend it. >It blows my mind that masses have not voted to do something about this to better their lot. The media is very powerful here. My Kickstarter funded electronics company had negative unit economics too, just because I didn't know what I was doing. I had to bail myself out with loans, but it didn't kill me like this article suggests it would. Hmm. I'd like to understand this, but I have questions. I've imagined that we could do a lot more science with a human and some basic instruments than we could with a billion dollar Rover sent every ten years. I mean, just to sample a rock probably takes a week. A geologist on site could do that in an hour. Historically, when we can do something much faster we tend to do things with that we didn't do when it was very slow. For example when it took months to cross the country, it was a once in a lifetime thing for some and most never did it. Now we do it all the time, and generations of West Coast students have seen the Smithsonian. I think that there will be more value in sending humans to Mars than just hubris. I think we will learn a lot more about our cosmic origins, about the value of life and our healthy planet, and about ourselves as a species and culture. In fact, I think sending man to Mars is a key factor in getting us to appreciate this planet and the destruction we're causing here. I don't think Musk's end goal is to leave Earth, but to save it by making us value it again. Perhaps, on this scale, for the first time. To me, that's a lot more than just hubris. What do you think of all that? Hmm. Soviet cement mixers? Atop chemical rockets? Well certainly the latter is true. Every rocket we've ever sent to space is a chemical rocket. But cement mixers? I guess you don't have much appreciation for foreign engineers, but the Soyuz spacecraft is widely regarded as one of the safest, lowest cost space craft ever constructed. It's also been in continuous service since the 1960's, unlike any American program. You should read up on them. [1] As far as military spending: im all for national defense. But obviously if you use your imagination, there must be some upper bound at which increases in military spending have a diminishing return. I think we are above that imagined line, and you think we are below it. But we both agree that a functional military is a valuable asset. Also, I actually think military spending is a kind of socialism gone very wrong, where wealthy military contractors donate to politicians who then give them big contracts with public funds. Do you want your tax dollars going to corruption? I don't. And do we NEED 11 aircraft carriers? No other nation on earth has more than 2. We have 11. Maybe we're overspending? [1] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soyuz_(spacecraft) Well, that is an interesting list of geological things we learned, but we also learned a lot about ourselves. For example, we learned that it is possible for humans to design a system that can carry people to the moon and return them safely to the Earth. Before we did that, no one knew if that was true. We learned about the Overview Effect, which astronauts say changed their view on humanity. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overview_effect Some people say that the environmental protection movement was started on Earth after people saw what it looked like from a distance. And while those images could be captured by robotic cameras, I can easily imagine that it helped having actual live humans get to experience that and share what they felt. We can relate to people much more than we can relate to a robot. I don't expect you to agree with me. But I think it is significant for actual humans to go out and do these things. It is more inspiring to people here on Earth. And I think that inspiration is valuable and produced tangible benefits on Earth. I think manned space exploration will provide different and sooner benefits than AGI. As far as transhumanism - that's a philosophy. Where will tomorrow's practitioners come from? The people inspired by man's achievements. And in that regard, I think the more great things we can do the better. I think there will be many future transhumanists inspired by images of the colony on Mars. Also, going there is relatively cheap, so why not go? It looks like it will be mostly private funds. I wouldn't blame you if you were opposed to the use of public funds for this (as the original post suggests may happen), but are you opposed to humans going in general? For a transhumanist, I find opposition to space exploration a bit surprising. Also, what are your thoughts on manned expeditions to the Jupiter system, the clouds of Venus, or other stars? I understand other stars requires technology far beyond what we can imagine today, but so did manned flight 150 years ago. I bet the time between noticing a new rock and taking a sample is more than a day for NASA. They have extremely limited time for what a rover can do. Have you seen the documentaries where they describe all the work that goes in to planning each move? I still think a human scientist could collect more rocks and take more samples in one day than NASA does in practice with a rover like curiosity. FYI, FPSRussia is produced by Americans in America. The Russian thing is a gag. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/FPSRussia But quads are different. Quads take less skill to operate, because they hover and are self-stabilizing. Also first person video hardware did not exist in the past, so finding a target is much easier. It's easier than ever to fly several kilos of something somewhere a few hundred meters away. What if the determined attacker is just funding the attack, and needs low skilled labor to perform the ground work? And how much did your FPV unit cost? Certainly today they are cheaper and far better than they were in 1998? We all work hard on the things we make. But many of us open source those things so that others can make them better. When we restrict commercial re-use, we're hobbling the project in certain ways. What if someone wants to help make it better, but they want to earn money from their improvements? You can still license the code with attribution and share alike. That way people know you designed it, and you get to use the improvements other people make. It's okay that they choose a non commercial license. But it may make me less interested in supporting it. But I'll check out their PCBs and see if I can help make any improvements. I like this project. Can't it be criminal activity and politics as usual? This article made me really want to get a manufacturing job at Apple... So I'm applying for one now. I never realized Apple was the world's largest owner of CNC machines. I've had over 8000 PCBs produced through Seeed, including 4000 assembled PCBAs, and I'm generally pretty happy with them. I can run a global electronics business out of my apartment because of Seeed. We did have one major production issue where a critical part was substituted for an out of spec part without authorization and without anyone at Seeed knowing about it. [1] That was very frustrating. But once I came up with a software fix, Seeed had their local rep Erin (who is amazing) take the 3000 boards I had, set up a programming station I provided in her basement, and run a 30 second programming and calibration routine on each one. The boards work now. So yeah. Even with as easy as Seeed makes it, production issues happen. But I'm sticking with Seeed for future production runs. Seeed if you're reading this, can we get an option for silkscreen color on your fusion service? Thanks! [1] https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/flutterwireless/flutter... That's true. To be honest they're not different in principle. They used to have amazing customer service, where I had a very good relationship with the guy on their end (we emailed each other pictures of our cats). But that person no longer works in that role and I no longer have the time to email often, so lately my customer service experience has been pretty basic. I'm sure there are many services you can use that would let you do this. The only other time I've had PCBAs made in China was through GoldPhoenix and I was very unhappy with the quality of soldering. All I can say is Seeed has worked for me. I've recently become pretty serious about building open source "micro factories" so that small communities can be self sufficient without having to spend all of their time subsistence farming. I think it will take a few decades to achieve, but I'm working on it. Follow up. Another major thing with Seeed is that they have no minimum order quantity for assembly. They'll do 10 or 10,000 PCBAs for you. Lots of other places I quoted had large minimum order quantities. My main products might have met those requirements, but some of my accessories didn't. With Seeed I can do everything in one place. I'm having a hard time understanding this comment. That people on Earth can do it too does not detract from people on Mars doing it. The parent comment isnt saying there will be an economy of building things on Mars and sending them to Earth, they're saying Mars can sustain itself without sharing an economy with Earth. Which I believe is true. And for what it's worth, I'm actively working to build better robots with commodity 3D printers[1] and I hope to build self sustaining communities on Earth with 3D printed micro factories that produce all the goods humans need for survival. I believe it is possible to make economically closed self sustaining communities. Both on Mars and on Earth. We've done it on Earth for a long time. [1] https://github.com/tlalexander/Flutter-Scout Sorry, where did I say 3D printing was magic? I'm a mechanical engineer who has had my 3D printer for 4 years. I just got a second one. I understand you can't print glass with a 3D printer. You can however, absolutely print critical parts of the machinery you would need to build a glass making system. I'm talking 10-20 years out for having a self sustaining community that manufactures its own hard goods. But I believe it is possible and I'm working on making it real. I'm not relying on magic. Totally understandable, and I can see what you mean about 3D printing not being magic. You're not going to hit "print" and end up with completed pressure vessels ready to live in. I do think, however, that robotics and additive manufacturing will be critical to building significant parts of the machinery and buildings on Mars. Certainly, sometimes you will use traditional manufacturing methods to construct things. But additive manufacturing has different capabilities and it will be used for different things. And unlike some people who claim additive manufacturing can't be used for anything, I believe that a mixture of traditional manufacturing methods and additive methods will be critical to building a colony on Mars. Imagine for instance that you want to build some buildings. Lets say both pouring concrete and additive manufacturing methods would work. You need to build 40 habitats. Would you rather work all day in a space suit in the hazardous near vacuum of Mars to build the forms needed to pour concrete for the structures? Or sit in your pajamas in a habitat on a computer designing and controlling the robots that will do it for you? And in that case, maybe you will want to have the robots make forms and pour the concrete for you, but perhaps you will use additive manufacturing methods. I can imagine the latter is easier for robots, and using robots is easier for humans than doing the labor themselves. Of course, to build a robot that will manufacture a home out of concrete, you need to build the mechanical parts of that robot. How will you do that? Probably not with CNC machines and blocks of aluminum (making such parts was my job for 7 years BTW). Instead I imagine that you will keep a library of feedstocks for 3D printing and you will print out the robot parts in your lab. Interesting fact: there are now some extremely high performance plastics available for common home-style 3D printers, including carbon fiber filled PEEK. At $850 per kg that's a material I don't think you'd use unless you had to, but if I were building a colony on Mars at $500k a head I think I'd bring 100kg of that stuff. 100kg of carbon fiber filled PEEK plastic will make a lot of concrete extruding habitat constructing robot frames. You'll have to bring the motors and electronics separately. At least until you build that foundry.... See what I mean when I say 3D printing can help make a self sustaining economy possible? Which, said another way, is lying for profit. You can get a new wife. Some people really like their financial advisors! I just wanted to thank you for taking the time to provide this information. I wish more people understood that communism and anarchism are legitimate forms of government that haven't been well tried and are widely misunderstood. It makes sense to me that, while some number of people would want to consume CP, only a very small fraction of them would be willing and able to secure a child to photograph. I imagine much less than 1% of the people who are involved with CP do more than consume it online. Do you have a source for your information regarding the prevalence of production? Humans don't use accurate depth maps to drive. Machine learning is great at complex algorithms if done well. Machine learning techniques are also being used to evaluate depth using parallax and other cues. And humans aren't good at estimating distance. They're good at estimating relative distance which is different. Some people claim we need LIDAR because cameras can't give us accurate depth information but humans don't use accurate depth information. Are you saying these systems need to have seen a specific model of car in the past before they can determine its distance? Certainly I've seen systems that do not require that information. No. The current Tesla Autopilot v2 system has 8 cameras and must be able to react in milliseconds. They do the computation onboard with an Nvidia Drive PX2 computer. https://www.tesla.com/presskit/autopilot#autopilot You mean having conflicts of interest? Don't want to make a straw man, but whatever you meant we ran in to this problem (black markets) precisely because we kept thinking we should make all kinds of things illegal. To solve this problem, make fewer things illegal not more. I appreciate your informative explanation. I think it's important that we have the facts when discussing this. I will say that you've sort of missed what I think is the important part: We as a society have decided that it's acceptable to legally bar medical practitioners from performing life saving treatment of sick individuals. The only explanations I've heard for why that might not be crazy has unfortunately been simple and hand-wavey. Specifically I've heard that patents protect innovators, and the idea is that protecting innovators by intentionally granting them a limited monopoly on the use of their invention will create a society more likely to produce new innovations. The idea is that despite clear negatives, patents offer a net benefit to society. The problem is I can easily imagine scenarios for either side of that argument, but I've never heard a comprehensive argument in favor of the current way of doing things. I also can't help but notice that patents often protect the establishment by granting the wealthy more monopoly power. Given that the legal system is in many ways captured by the wealthy establishment, I question whether the patent system continues to exist because it is truly beneficial to all or because it benefits the elite that also extert significant power over the legal system. If the latter were true, then it could also be said that patents are another example of the establishment hurting the masses for their own gain. And in this case (again, as you pointed out the practical effect of this example may be small), the patent system is creating a risky legal situation for those who would try to provide medical care for sick members of our society. As an anecdote, 3D printers were $30k until several major patents expired. Then small companies formed and in less than 10 years we created excellent 3D printers that cost $329 (I just bought one of those). I can't help but wonder what the cumulative effect of artificial monopolies is on our society. Because it's invisible it's hard to calculate, but it's clear to me the effect is large. I'm open to any insight into these matters. My plan is to promote the voluntary open sourcing of engineered works, but I'd sure love to stop supporting the patent system in the first place (I think). So I'm not really interested in adding more rules. If anything I think shorter patent terms would be worth checking out. 5-10 years maybe. Sounds excellent to me. I think many modern webpages are 10's of megabytes (which is lame). I guess the specific audience of people looking for good stock phones might be operating off of a low cost data plan though? Otherwise of the many things the author could work on (improve curation, link to Swappa for purchase), I wonder if shaving a megabyte off the size is the most pressing issue. Definitely. I'm also keenly interested in phones that can run Ubuntu touch, though that list is small. Information. Personally I imagine we're better off when we share information for free, but I haven't tested the hypothesis. I thought that was just me. It has seemed like posts critical of government policy can disappear quickly, but I don't have a comprehensive feel for how posts move on HN so it was only ever a feeling. How can we collect data on the mobility of posts? I've wondered this on Facebook too. Post something about a robot I made and people love it. Post something about US weapons killing children in Yemen and no one reacts or comments. How much of that is the fact that people just don't respond well to those things and how much of that is the algorithm hiding the post for some reason? How can we monitor moderated sites like this? What are the metrics we could collect? If I think of the scale of our buildings, combined with the protection of automobiles, I feel like we've sort of achieved roofed cities. You can drive your car from your garage to underground parking at your enormous Apple spaceship campus where you work, eat, and exercise under one roof. Then you can drive to the mall where you work, shop, and watch movies under one roof. Then you drive home. You're never exposed to the rain. Obviously this doesn't apply to most people but shopping malls is what got me thinking. It's easy to describe the black civil rights movement as one that simply broke laws too. Lots of people in the black civil rights movement broke laws (many of those laws being unjust) and many people at the time dismissed them as rowdy criminals. I think your perception is being colored by the fact that the black civil rights movement is perceived to have "won" (never mind that the economic equality they were fighting for still has not been achieved), while Aaron is perceived to have lost. But I think Aaron was wise. I think "intellectual property" is economically harmful to society and is an instrument that the powerful use to abuse the masses. You claim too that Aaron acted alone with no context, but that is false. There is a long history of people questioning intellectual property laws and he acted in solidarity with that movement. It so happens that this group of people do not physically organize and so you may believe there is no movement, but you'd be wrong. Aaron's actions in my opinion come from a position of great wisdom about certain things in the world. I'm not even sure it could be called naivety that he didn't see the harassment coming, though truthfully I don't know much about his circumstances. Oracle maintains a database of personal information for billions of people. The US corporate surveillance web is rich in complexity. Before we judge China, lets make sure we know what we're comparing them to. I highly encourage anyone interested in the subject to watch this talk from last month's Chaos Computer Club Congress. "Corporate surveillance, digital tracking, big data & privacy: How thousands of companies are profiling, categorizing, rating and affecting the lives of billions" https://media.ccc.de/v/33c3-8414-corporate_surveillance_digi... https://youtu.be/kd6NKvwQVbM You say the Chinese system is sinister because they force you to use ID cards. In the US corporate surveillance system, they can track you without ID cards. Post author here. If you have any questions, ask away. See also the reddit discussion: https://www.reddit.com/r/Automate/comments/5o71ew/the_machin... Absolutely this is a thought experiment where "an economy" might be The Machine. I also thought of explaining this concept using a magic wand, but wanted something more grounded. But calling it a machine I think helps us avoid some of our political hang ups about organizing the productive machinery of society. Even if The Machine ends up being more like our normal economy. I still hope some day we can literally have a large machine that does a bunch of this. I do think it would be truly useful. The key distinction between Shezhen and The Machine is that a group of people cannot buy Shezhen. Something changes when you one something versus paying for its output. For example that's why car ownership and car rental have such different places in our lives. If you could own your survival, would you prefer to keep renting it? Well I'm looking on a 100+ year timeline. But I do think a machine that does a portion of this work, such as growing food, is totally possible with today's tools. This is why The Machine is open source. So no one has to agree to the social contract presented by one "master owner" of The Machine. Author here. An important distinction between China and The Machine is that a group of people can purchase and wholly own The Machine. If you can't purchase it, you have to agree to the social contract offered by those who do. For us that means we have to accept the state of the labor conditions in Bangladesh for example, which I would rather not do. This is a classic problem with capitalism. If a group of people can purchase The Machine then they can decide for themselves what they are willing to accept. And in general if survival is automated and the knowledge for how to reproduce this is free, we're way less likely to see people in far off places being exploited for manual labor. Remember that I'm talking about this on a 100+ year timescale. (Actually, now I can't recall if I made that clear...) I think the energy problem for mobile robots will be solved. Lithium batteries are already decent there as long as you can recharge often. As far as massage, I'd say that's one of the things I'd envision people doing for pleasure. Or perhaps you will just pay for it, nothing about this system prohibits the use of money. And the primary reason I work is not for money. I work because I believe automation can solve an ancient problem with humanity - the problem of exploitation of humans for the gain of others. The ultimate embodiment of my work would be The Machine. In truth even if it existed we would have many problems, but I'm very concerned with problems related to exploitation of labor. Thank you. I agree it is a difficult challenge and I am looking at 100+ year timescales. That said we can certainly make machines that for example recycle plastics in to new mechanical parts and machines that grow food in a fully automated way. But portions of The Machine are intentionally more fanciful in order to stimulate good discussion. I absolutely agree and I envisioned this as a way to free people from the need to work. People only work by choice in this imagined world. The the story of The Machine, I took a Marxist view that if the people own The Machine they can share the outputs of the machine without capitalism. Definitely! I'm a big fan of Jacque Fresco and The Venus Project for their beautiful vision. I also think it serves as an interesting data point that despite their wonderful vision, they were unable to gain traction. This makes me think an idea like this needs to be funded by a profitable organization. It's a perfectly rational thing for Zuckerberg to do. It is also absolutely a case of an ultra elite (basically a "king" of today) white man is availing himself of state (ultimately, military) support to force native Hawaiian people off their lands. You made an error in your comment. You said their shares were useless. Clearly, they have a use to the individuals in question - both the natives and Zuckerberg. Headline doesn't need the dollar sign and the word "dollar". That feels so encouraging to hear! Thank you. I've been trying to figure it all out too. I just launched a community site to talk more about these ideas. I'd love it if you joined! http://reboot.love/ I think a basic income is a dangerous and bad idea. If we expect the wealthy class to give their money to the masses to fund their survival, the masses would become functionally dependent on that transfer continuing. At which point the wealthy class would have incredible power over the masses. Asking for a basic income is like asking to go to prison for the free food. It is not a good idea to become dependent on others with such different interests. Instead, I advocate the development of open source automation solutions that provide everything necessary for human survival. Open source machines can be manufactured by any corporation and purchased by groups who would then own the means of their own survival. A basic income becomes a source of leverage for moneyed interests to get their way. But if we all own the machines that support our survival, we can choose for ourselves when we work and when we study to better ourselves. I've written about this recently, here: http://tlalexander.com/machine/ That's unfortunate about the surface mount. As a word of encouragement, I know one can do complex surface mount soldering with just a few specialized tools. I picked up a good stereo zoom microscope from craigslist. Mine is a Leica but I also recommend the amscope and similar models you can get online. They're a chinese rebrand but I've used those models and the optical quality is great. I recommend the models with a boom arm if you have the space. Then you need a hot air rework station. You can apply solder paste manually from a tube - just squirt the paste onto the pads. This is uneven and will require clean up with an iron and sometimes multiple tries. Get a no clean flux pen also. If you want to do more than one PCB, I highly recommend using a solder stencil. I recommend getting PCBs from Seeed studio in china - 10 PCBs starts at $20 (total) plus shipping (around $40). Throw in a solder stencil for another $20. When the stencil arrives use heavy scissors to cut out about two inches/50mm around your design, take one of the pieces of stiff board that the PCBs are packaged with, tape down some extra PCBs around one free PCB, and then tape the stencil on the top so it lines up. Get some solder paste from Digikey or Sparkfun and use an old gift card to squeegee it onto the PCB. Then lift the stencil up using one piece of tape as a hinge. Super easy to do this at home. Now place on parts using tweezers and the microscope. Then use the hot air gun to slowly heat up the PCB till it's all about 260C, and then turn it to 360C and briefly melt the solder at all locations. Then let it cool. If you want to do this regularly, invest in a T962A soldering oven from ebay for ~$300 from ebay. I did a kickstarter for a little wireless internet of things board, and this is my process for home assembly. When you want to do mass assembly, consider Seeed studio. I had them assemble 4000+ boards and it mostly went well. I did have an issue with an incorrectly substituted part so be very clear about what work you expect done and be clear about which parts you will accept substitutes for. They did make good on their error and I would use them again. My email is in my profile if you want more tips on SMT soldering. For reference, here are two board that I soldered using the above techniques: http://www.tlalexander.com/content/images/2016/07/IMG_6493_e... http://www.tlalexander.com/content/images/2017/01/IMG_7344_e... EDIT: For PCB design I previously would have recommended EAGLE, but now I would recommend KiCAD. I have not yet used KiCAD, but this is just a learning curve issue (new software versus a busy schedule). If you're learning from scratch and want a tool you can use forever, I'd recommend KiCAD based on recommendations from others. Interesting about the T-962 problems. I've been using my T-962A out of the box on PCBs for a few years and have had no problems. I get even soldering with no scorching and no cold solder spots either. Perhaps the larger T-962 is afflicted by problems the T-962A does not have? Or the variability in design is significant? Or my PCBs are all small enough to avoid problems? But thanks for the link and comments about KiCAD. I'll look in to those improvements. It is significantly easier to hit buy it now than it is to construct a functional temperature controlled oven. People who want to DIY often modify toaster ovens, but I haven't heard of anyone construction their own heating chamber as you've described. Note that portability is a concern for me, since I move often. Last night, my Uber driver told me the reason he does it is that it's safe - way safer than taxi driving. He says there is no cash, the users are all tracked, and they already have their trip sorted. He was never a taxi driver - he's a retired teacher. I'm hoping homes. There's lots of energy to be saved in better home construction, and factory-made homes can be made more cheaply than on-site built homes. That's the one I've been hoping for ever since I saw the solar roof. I feel like what you're saying is: humans have inherent flaws. Even if it were the case that Mark Zuckerburg was exploiting those flaws for personal benefit, I find it hard to blame him - we live in and support a society that encourages that behavior. If exploiting human flaws for profit is an undesired outcome for human organizations, we should work to stop encouraging that behavior. I will however provide a counter point to my own argument, which is that we should name and shame those who abuse human nature at society's expense for their own benefit. Otherwise we end up with a society full of people who are actively harming society. Honestly I don't know what to think. I just wanted to provide both of these views. I'm curious what the response to either views is. My solution is to end our reliance on "jobs" for survival. This can be done by building machines that produce everything necessary for human survival, and making those machines as low cost as possible. In general I refer to these machines as "survival machines", and I see them as somewhat similar to a computer operating system but for human beings. I've written a few essays about this concept, and am actively developing robotic hardware to build the first prototypes now. http://tlalexander.com/machine/ That's the launch in question, and we're in the month of March... Elon said in a recent earnings call that, while they would probably be fine without a raise, they expected it would make investors more comfortable if they did a raise and thus might do one. I am refuting the suggestion that Tesla wasn't planning a raise. Elon told investors in an investor call that they would likely do a raise. This might be exactly what I have been looking for... thanks! The world is getting better and worse. Technology is better but the natural world is suffering destruction at a rate that is increasing. Animal populations have been decimated[1] and natural forests have been too. If you care about what the planet will be like in 200 years, things haven't gotten better. [1] http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-37775622 I'm designing a 3D printed robot arm that doesn't suck. It uses all brushless outrunner motors for at least the 4 large axes (final two in wrist may be hobby servos for now). The arm is similar dimensions to a human arm. Initial calculations show it will be able to lift more than 2kg at full extension if I can make it strong enough. Actually the (rough) calculations say more than 10kg but that would break something. It's also 200 milliseconds for 90 degrees of shoulder movement, supposedly. All hardware and software is open source, including the brushless drivers. It uses low cost 3D printers. I am currently using a $320 Monoprice Maker Select modded with a 1.2mm nozzle and I will be adding a $450 TEVO Black Widow modded with a 2.5mm dia nozzle to the mix. I may try a pellet feeder. The goal with the large nozzles is to increase strength and reduce print time so it's not maddening to print. This will make it easier to iterate. My goal is to make an open source low cost arm that is useful for manufacturing, and then design open source workcells for it and actually use it for productive work. You can look at the jumble of CAD BS right now. https://cad.onshape.com/documents/5b474270e4af0ef979e6fade/w... Find the tab with the assembly called "Arm3 Assembly". Please fork it and contribute. Onshape is free and cloud based. It's good because you can easily create an account and edit the file yourself, but a bummer because it's not free software and you can't export raw files, only dumb solids. Despite the drawbacks, I'm keeping it in OnShape though, where anyone can fork and edit the file for free. Aside from bearings, motors, and possibly some fasteners, it will basically be entirely 3D printed. I'm using printed spur geartrains that will have all kinds of backlash. In an effort to make something that is primarily printed, I'm throwing any hope of precision out the window. At least mechanical precision - we can use visual servoing to get more accuracy at the end effector. But my hope is that the other benefits (low cost, easily changeable design, good speed and strength characteristics) will make it useful even with poor rigidity. I imagine for example pulling things out of fixtures and moving them in to boxes. There must be a good variety of tasks that can be done with an arm like this. I'm working to the strengths of 3D printing and not trying to fight what it isn't good for. That said, I may reinforce the frame with a carbon fiber wrap if more stiffness is needed. The goal is to have a low BOM cost AND low tooling cost so I want to avoid the need for any metalworking equipment. This looks great. I've been kind of interested in contributing to gnome or something similar for a while, and this looks like it should be dead simple to do. This also seems new (to me) for an open source project to do, and I'm curious to see how it will turn out for them. "Politics" in practice is a way to give the people something to argue about that is related to, but fundamentally separate from, the real decisions being made. It's best if we're arguing about useless memes while real decisions are made or else we might question those decisions. I think we'd all be better off if basically everything was open source, by way of eliminating intellectual property protections provided by governments. As an alternate solution, those of us with engineering skills can work to create an open source economy with open source factories, computers, and products. This would never be a problem nor would it be likely to happen if genuinely competitive options existed for farmers that were not locked down. Another way we in this community can help is by helping smaller businesses learn the value of open source and get them using and creating it. I believe with a sufficiently open source base in our economy, we can make great headway into eliminating material poverty. I write a little about this on my personal site, here: http://tlalexander.com/machine/ "Companies like Microsoft would vanish" Heaven forbid! :-D I go around telling people what I think of copyright all the time, and this argument is one that I hear a lot. But I don't buy it. The body of open source content available today is proof that your argument is at the very least incomplete. Plenty of people do give their time away for free to make better things available to people without monetary benefit. A key to my argument is as follows: people who give away their work tend to be on the wealthier end of the spectrum with some ability to give their time away - a single mother of four who works 60 hours a week probably isn't submitting pull requests in her spare time. So then you say I have a flaw - only wealthy people can contribute to a world without IP laws. But again I disagree. In the world without IP laws, I believe deeply that the wealth we already have would be more evenly distributed, and the floor of minimum wealth would be much higher. I think in a world without IP laws, so many people would be so much wealthier that they could afford to voluntarily support those who still cannot support themselves. I should also point out that there's absolutely still an incentive to create things even without IP protection, so I disagree with your argument on its face. Certainly there is a greater incentive to create when creators can legally bar others from selling their works, but that does not mean the incentive without IP laws is zero. To the contrary, innovators maintain first mover advantage and are free to build brand awareness. I'd rather buy something from a creator than a copycat, since the copycat is more likely to cut corners that materially impact the quality of the offering. On balance I believe we would see MORE wealth and more innovation without IP laws, and while I may be wrong I think it's important to question the conventional wisdom that IP laws help innovation. I think in many ways they harm it. You're making a prediction without stating your reasoning. What makes you think this? I hear this constantly but it doesn't ring true to me. Look at the 3D printer inventors from the 1980's who rested on their laurels selling $30,000 3D printers until their patents expired and the open source community started producing them for under $1000. Ten years after the patents expired, you can get a 3D printer for $199 that genuinely rivals the quality of a $30,000 printer just 10 years ago. There are all manner of incentives for innovation and profit is only one. But locking down ideas in this way prevents others from improving on ideas, and incentivizes one-time innovators to focus on legal battles rather than continued development. I am referring to commercial 3D printers which were $30k in 2010, compared to off the shelf printers sold today for $200. The cost of a microprocessor board of sufficient capability hasn't particularly changed between now and then. I am explicitly considering people totally unlike me, and I seriously think the musicians of the world would be better off without copyright too. Aside from the major rockstars, most artists I imagine are concerned with putting food on their tables, maintaining shelter over their heads, and keeping clothes on their backs. I claim that without intellectual property the average person would have significantly more material wealth, the cost of living would be lower, and it would be much easier to maintain a living off of patronage than it is today. My personal long term life goal is to understand how to reduce the marginal cost of supporting a human life to zero, so "we can have socialism for free" as I sometimes say. This necessarily requires that we eliminate artificially inflated costs, which is what intellectual property is. It requires other things, including more automation, but that will come. The issue is that more automation WITH intellectual property law means the wealthy of today will maintain their power over the poor tomorrow, continuing to artificially inflate prices for their own profits at the expense of average people. I believe that would be much more difficult to do if there were no intellectual property protections. Well, I should say that I respect and appreciate your response. Certainly I can't truly think through the universal problem space, as no one can. I also feel that at least my government (in the US) is so owned by corporations and the wealthy that it no longer represents my interests, and I tend to reject any solutions that endow in that government certain powers. As such I would disagree with intellectual property on philosophical grounds even if I didn't disagree with it on technical grounds. I simply don't think it's the government's place to attempt to fix markets in this way, and I don't want to be subject to it. As it is, I see extreme waste in our world from intellectual property laws that ultimately send manufactured goods to the garbage dump sooner than they need be disposed of. Cars that could be repaired, if only an electronic module wasn't subject to monopoly control and unnecessarily high prices. I see poor children unable to access high quality textbooks despite the information being readily copyable. I see developing nations struggling to get on their feet while the rich nations keep their valuable knowledge to themselves. I don't mind technological means of obfuscation, because those at least can fail. It is only the legal means of obfuscation that prevents us as humans from making every book ever written freely available to all people. I reject the idea that no one would write books in this new future, but I do understand the change would bring about great new problems that need to be solved. But it is my life goal to find ways to reduce the marginal cost of human survival to zero, so we can care for everyone voluntarily. In order to do that, we absolutely must eliminate artificially inflated costs in that chain. That can be done voluntarily through the creation of an open commons, which I believe is more realistic, or it can be done more powerfully through the weakening and ultimate elimination of IP protection laws. But you are correct that the real change that is needed is not an end to IP laws, but the stimulation of a culture which values sharing out of a love for one another. I believe that only a culture based on love can truly thrive. Good call. That was built in to the Ghost template I am using and I never changed it. I've been meaning to update some things on my site so I will relicense as Creative Commons. Thanks for pointing that out! I just mentioned above (after your comment) that it's just an oversight. That text was built in to the Ghost template I used and I never bothered to change it. But I absolutely will change it to Creative Commons next time I make updates to the site. I think you missed a critical part of my comment - I see eliminating IP laws as critical to reducing the cost of living to zero. In this zero cost of living world, no one needs to pay rent. In reality I believe zero is a worthy target but difficult to achieve, so I really expect us to hit "very low". In that world, the cost of living is so low that we can voluntarily support others at very little cost to ourselves, and with a minimum of Love for our fellow humans, those with income can support those without. In that world, authors are more free than ever to write what they truly believe. They have no publishers to please nor masses to target, and can write what they deem most valuable to write. It's so upsetting to me that they don't make bands like this available for general public use. If we had clearly defined rules about interoperability we could reserve a band for essentially free low bandwidth cell phone usage, at least for text and basic data. I've imagined that the towers could be open hardware that sell minutes on the fly for bitcoin transferred by the user. But no, instead these corporations pay billions with the expectation that they'll recover that and much more from us who have no free option for mobile wireless. It's really frustrating to me. For a low data capacity network, I don't see why home data connections shouldn't work. I have a 130Mb connection at home, which would support plenty of voice calls simultaneously. The real issue here is the control ISPs have over the networks. In my imagined future where we have crowd sourced cell towers, the tower operators have their own fiber connection at home that is essentially unregulated. Because that's a future I want for other reasons. Same for me. At $130k I was paying off debts at $2k/month but otherwise living paycheck to paycheck. At $160k I now finally have a little extra, replaced my old broken car and have a little cash to save. Rent is $1450 for a studio with no kitchen. I am 32 and single but want a home. I grew up in this area and I feel like I'll have to work forever and start saving aggressively to be able to buy a home and have anything for retirement. Over the next few years I will travel and see what other areas of the country are like. FDA rules increase barriers to entry to the market, resulting in fewer companies (especially fewer smaller companies) who would be interested in funding such a project. My colleague had a motor from a newer washing machine out on his desk, and it did appear to be a BLDC. Alternating magnets with three phases of coils as you'd expect. Driven from rectified 120V AC! Cooling can be an issue if you drive them near their rated power without adequate cooling. And absolutely they won't have the same quality of construction as true industrial devices. However they are sufficiently powerful to be useful and cost effective at continuous duty levels below their max rated power. Glad to see you on HN! I'm an alpha contributor. I can't wait to put this thing in my brushless robot arm! I still gotta make that forum post. :-D So the term "losing a step" is used on stepper motors, which can be mechanically overpowered to lose positioning. Encoders however will typically always measure the position accurately even if you overcome motor torque and disturb the motor. So in that sense "lose a step" simply does not apply here. Steppers can lose positioning by being pushed beyond their holding torque, while brushless servos will not lose their positioning in the same situation. Yes. There are caveats related to long term durability, but you said "for hobbyists" who I think are less concerned with that aspect. As far as up front performance the answer is yes. Others have explained the details so I'm just adding to the "yes" camp. Brushless D.C. Motors are the way to go for robotics in many actuation situations for the near to medium term (next decade at least) and the lack of suitable low cost controllers (this is "low cost") has been a major issue, so this product is excellent. Source: am robotics engineer in Silicon Valley building my own brushless powered robot arm as a hobby and I'm an alpha contributor to the Odrive project. I've also designed my own brushless controllers [1] and built brushless linear motors. [1] https://youtu.be/vbrzxlRpC0k I had my 2013 Nexus 5 until it died, even after that one software update killed performance with no change in features. I wanted to buy a Pixel XL. They weren't available. I live and work near mountain view. They were sold out even if you sign up for Google Fi (a trick a Googler friend suggested). I'm already on Google Voice so Fi would be awesome. Could not get them for weeks. I got tired of waiting and bought an iPhone 7 Plus. I love it. I dislike the closed software interface but don't want Samsung bloat so I saw it as the best other option. The hardware is great and I found out a lot of my friends are on iMessage. iCloud doesn't try to do creepy things. I like the fingerprint scanner. I would have loved to try the Pixel. Amazon already sells books for below the cover price (often, at least) so it's already the case that people buy from brick and mortar because of something other than price. Yup. I've been an Android owner since the T-Mobile G1, then I had a Nexus One, Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy S4 and then Nexus 5. Especially on the Nexus One and Galaxy Nexus I was all about custom ROMs, but it becomes a several hour project to install custom ROMs and you often have to try more than one ROM to find the right one. I don't want more projects, so I just can't be bothered to mess with that anymore. I just want a stable phone. Only releasing STLs is rough! I disagree. Arduino was new because of the scale of its distribution. I built robots with Basic STAMPs in the early 2000's so I know there were prototyping platforms before, but they never took off in the way that arduino did. And the openness of Arduino was critical to starting my own company, when I built an Arduino compatible board with a fast processor and wireless radio. One could argue computers weren't new - we had vacuum tubes for ages. But it was putting it all together in a certain way (and the associated maturity of certain tech) that led to a step change in what those things meant. For me, arduino similarly created an explosion of hobbyists working with circuits for the first time, and I'm happy that people who know very little have something to work on. But I am sad that the openness has been falling by the wayside. Rather than say "people are jerks", we could say "these people do not respect community property". One thing they have in common is that they probably all grew up in an individualistic capitalist society. I can imagine that, if they lived in a functioning society where the dominant method of acquiring tools was by borrowing from some community pool of tools, the community might develop customs that protect the tools. Perhaps instead of having "bothersome bureaucratic certification" to get approval to use a tool, which is what I often see at hacker spaces, such a community would have elders who explain to the youth how to use and respect tools. I imagine such a society could offload most of their survival needs to automation. My claim was that people who live in a sharing-based society would in general be more respectful of community property than those who live in a capitalist individualist society. I was not talking about all capitalist societies, just an individualist one. That some capitalist societies are more conscientious than others only lends credibility to my claims. You could have a sharing-based capitalist society, for example. And I agree with the other poster - USSR was not even remotely socialist, it was a state capitalist society. The state owned the means of production. I am more interested in societies where the workers own the means of production - so some kind of Marxism. However my original comment could be satisfied by a capitalist society that chose voluntarily to fund open source robots that provide for human survival - no Marxism required. In a way though, open source is similar to everyone "owning" the information, so in that way open source resembles communist ownership of information. "The State" exists as much as "Google" or "Microsoft" does. Either of them is run by specific people and has specific interests. And I believe it is generally fruitful to look at an organization of living organisms as a thing in its own right. The media aren't making a great case that we should listen to them. I understand that "the media" is not a monolithic block, but certainly any of the "popular" media channels are so clogged with noise it's a sisyphean effort to find the signal. It goes back to human nature (the way we focus our attention) and the power structures we have in place. I think decentralized power and decentralized media would solve many of the information access problems we have today, but the powers that be will do as much as they can to prevent that. My answer would be decentralization of power structures and the elimination of any unnecessary hierarchies. It is only for legacy reasons that a few media groups have our attention. With the internet it should be in principle possible to construct a decentralized system, as was the original goal. Of course new efforts are underway to block that, but with both political efforts (EFF, ACLU) and technological development (but how do we fund it?) we can push back. Word your comments better. Imagine you're paying $300m to put a satellite in to space (SpaceX nominally charges $60m for private customers, and satellites are often hundreds of millions of dollars). The satellite will be in service for 5-15 years. Imagine that, due to price (you save, I'm guessing, $40m or more) you choose a young rocket company that has experienced two serious failures that destroyed the payload. Imagine that company is very cautious and will happily abort any launch that looks odd. I imagine the caution is a positive aspect. That's fair. I think an insiders perspective would be needed to provide a real answer - all I can do is take the basic facts I know and speculate. The head of a global telecommunications company will have a very different outlook than I would, but we're all human and my imagination seems at least like one plausible view. To the second half of the question: I know the fuel is nominally $300k - or that's the number Elon uses. I don't know if they can recover the fuel or have to vent it in the event of a scrub. And the ground crew and launch prep has some cost. We could speculate that the total cost of launching is on the order of $5m (not including the vehicle and associated engineering), but that those costs do eventually result in a launch. A scrub costs salaries and hotel stays of ground crew, fees paid to overseeing agencies for range patrol, and any lost fuel - maybe $1-2m. This is all speculation. I don't have real answers. I'm also reasonably sure the parent wasn't in dire need of a critically accurate answer so I hope my efforts to estimate an answer might be helpful to someone. I recently watched a Carl Sagan keynote from 1990 on climate change. You can skip the old guy introducing him, but I found Carl's parables and discussion of the options interesting given how little we ended up doing. https://youtu.be/9Xz3ZjOSMRU The scientific community was so wrong. Begging the government to solve it wasn't going to happen. I'm still at a loss for what to do. If the US cut emissions by investing in new technology that technology would be available to purchase to everyone in the world. Space is empty? I don't understand. In practice we have explored space to see new worlds. Things are far apart but there's lots of stuff in space. We learned a whole lot about the greenhouse effect by studying Venus... This made me curious enough to google it. Maybe this? http://huntthetruth.tumblr.com/tagged/s1 Fun short writing. I like it. Author here. For the past couple years I have been using writing as a means to explore what an automated industrial society might look like. I work in robotics in Silicon Valley and my long term goal is to create a system that can provide for human survival at zero marginal cost. I like to say that if providing for people has zero marginal cost we can have socialism for free. I'd be curious to know what you all think of my latest essay/story, and of the idea in general. I would argue those systems are designed by humans using advanced tools. The algrithm that designs the engine block doesn't decide it should be designing an engine block - humans did. On this article I clicked on it, realized The Guardian was going to be waaay to general, and then went to the comments knowing I would find a quick break down of the facts written by "my people" for an audience like me. Often I'll skip the article entirely. "And we shall call it Pluto Too!" "Pluto Two!? That's ridiculous!" "Wait, is it two like the number two or too like also??" --- I don't know how our story resolves, but that exchange popped in to my head. Perhaps they were previously leaked through Snowden or others and he's only included them in his slides? Then he's not disclosing anything. He hasn't worked at NSA for a loooong time. Perhaps tangential but related is the notion of wholly worker owned businesses - if jobs suck, why do we not leave the top-down run businesses to form cooperatives where we collectively define our own roles? On deeper analysis the worker-owned business concept seems like it would improve things a lot for men and women ("people") alike. But I genuinely wonder why this isn't already more common. Is it an entrenchment thing? Is it really that the elite have so much power us wage-slaves are still scratching our way up from the bottom? Are worker self-directed businesses truly not viable? --- Like I said, a tangent. But this article notes that both sexes ("people") don't like working and this does seem to match my lived experience. I always wonder why we don't do more to change that... I was thinking recently of that net neutrality pretend graphic showing different websites available for different fees the way premium cable channels have traditionally been offered. [1] I realized that with or without net neutrality, content providers will find a way to charge us individually for access to their content. This story seems to add support to that notion. [1] https://m.imgur.com/5RrWm There is a way to use automation to liberate people. It is my life's work (in progress) to figure out how to do this. To me, this comes when we make automated machines whose purpose is to provide for human survival, and we make those machines open source. Groups of people purchase the machines, and through ownership they receive the benefits of automation rather than an elite ownership class. I've written several essays on the topic on my website, and have a discussion board where people can discuss the ideas in more detail. You may enjoy reading The Machine: http://tlalexander.com/machine/ Or The Corporation: http://tlalexander.com/corporation/ Everything old is new again. I hear what you're saying - it's about signal to noise. Reduce the noise and you become better informed, not worse. I stopped using Facebook and I don't follow mainstream news. I don't hear much about Trump or North Korea but I read my subreddits (I dropped /r/politics) and learn about Rojava in Syria, talk with my friends about the Diversity Memo and work hard to hear a detailed woman's view on the matter, or hit my YouTube subscriptions to find a lecture on physics or social issues. I still 100% have a bubble but I don't think adding Facebook or MSM back in to my life would in any way improve the fidelity of my view on the world. In my opinion MSM looks like garbage from any angle and Facebook just began to feel unhealthy (for me). While I don't disagree with your analysis, I think it misses something important. There are people - living, breathing people - who are experiencing trauma and danger and who are starving and thirsty. We could choose to spend our own money on gasoline to drive down and distribute water. We do not need to seek compensation for everything we do. We can choose to lose money to help people who are in need. And I think charging $99 for a crate of clean water is adding insult to injury to people who have lost their livelihood. The calculus of your argument is correct but it lacks empathy. We could choose to go to extraordinary efforts to give these people what they need without seeking monetary compensation. The analysis lacks empathy. Also parent is saying ability to pay doesn't correlate well to need. Many people need plane tickets or water who can't afford sky high prices. If people have an expectation that they do not need to be prepared for a disaster because they expect care from others, I might call them foolish. But I have a hard time seeing the sense in accusing people who were unprepared for this of being selfish and greedy. I think the fact that you're claiming these flood victims (who do not all "expect" others to care for them, but may appreciate it) greedy shows a lack of empathy for their difficulty. Like many others have said, it is the same for me too. I deleted the app one day and have felt so much better since. I actually used to be able to use the browser based messenger to talk to friends but that has been broken lately and now tries to force you to install the app - more dark patterns here (I don't want the app!). Now I just ignore Facebook completely. I cringe when I need to open the site for some reason. I'm just happier without it. I'd love some open source thing like this that was mine first and foremost, but I don't really need that either. I thought I needed social networking way more than I really do. It's also such a non-statement to say you're not convinced that some new unproven technology can do the thing it purports to do. Scarce electricity would raise prices, making solar more economical to install. The Tesla Model 3 motor uses permanent magnets unlike the S and X. Another commenter claims rare earths are not needed in battery production. If anyone is in to this I write speculative fiction about this kind of thing: http://tlalexander.com/sanctuary/ (I also build robots) :) I think my best tip is both to read (for amusement, education, and inspiration) and to write (as in - just do it, and if you're stuck silence your inner critic and just DO IT). I'm just some engineer. But I'm a really imaginative and passionate person and I have a lot of ideas I care about. And so I write about those. I was inspired by reading The Martian, which was an amazing book written by a Software Engineer. It was after reading The Martian that I began writing. Have you tried writing? What has been your blocker? High value, light weight. Sounds perfect. Customers would appreciate the Wow factor too. They should make a profit. What we don't want is to spoil the nice service with desperate attempts to earn enough profit to satisfy investors. I also am tired of "Terrorism" as a life concern (we should be worried about more realistic concerns). I will say however that the Apple Watch is now being (or soon will be?) used to detect heart problems and notify the wearer. So this kind of thing is happening. Similarly crime watch apps do exist and could use the Apple Watch for notifications and safe navigation. But if we had a crime detecting surveillance system there's no way to only use it to help good people stay safe. It would also be abused in ways that cause innocent people to suffer. I'd just like to see a society that doesn't throw people in to jail (ruining their life) for trivial things. I mean, such societies exist - I'd like the USA to be one of them. Sunnyvale is near Apple and Google headquarters. Dual income families where both adults earn $250k+ per year are the type of people I imagine buying these places. They appreciate in value, so it doesn't really matter if the price is inflated as long as it continues to inflate. You throw some money down, make payments, and cash out and move away when you're older. It's still annoying, but it does make some sense to me. Sure, but I don't really feel Silicon Valley housing is a bubble that will crash aside from temporarily. I think the prices will continue to grow in the long term. You original statement was that it was "bizarre" to say SJ is bigger than SF. But you then went on to say that by land area and population it is, but by some other metric it isn't. I think the people took "bizarre" to be some kind of attack, but perhaps that wasn't your intended meaning. Certainly using size or land area to call SJ bigger isn't that weird, despite the OMB using other metrics. I had a friend who hated cyclists and thought “they should get out of the way”. She made no effort to accommodate them on the road. I think improvements to culture can work, but I think laws of this nature have a pretty insignificant effect on the culture. I write about a possible future where communities of people purchase robots that do most of the work they need for survival, and they otherwise live a simpler non-consumerist life. I’d like to make this a reality. http://tlalexander.com/sanctuary/ There’s a notion that much of the hierarchy that exists in the world is unnecessary, and perpetuated only because it’s the status quo. A university for example doesn’t strictly need to manage the professors - you could have a very large university where the professors primarily manage themselves, with only a small administrative group. An organization arranged in this way wouldn’t need many meetings. In the future you describe, humans continue to be treated as tools to be used by others. In the future I describe, people are not exploited for their labor but are free to follow their own desires. Or more succinctly, in my future people don’t have to work. Very few enjoy the privilege of being treated like a magician. Practically speaking, workers are treated like cogs in a machine whose labor buys them another day’s survival. It’s difficult and painful for people and it doesn’t have to be that way. Furthermore I have no qualms against treating machinery as a tool. There is no exploration of intelligent beings when you take advantage of the output of a tool. I want to end exploitation of living things. I think you're describing a level of generalization above the application at hand. We could easily train a neural network to recognize the orientation of a font, and then build an orientation invariant "reading" app by first recognizing the rotation of the text, transforming it so it is right side up, and then recognizing as normal. I tend to imagine our brains works similarly. It's not that you have a single "network" in your brain that recognizes test from all angle, but your brain is a "general purpose" machine with many networks that work together. I think current deep learning techniques are great for discrete tasks, and the improvement needed is to have many networks that work together properly with some form of intuition as to what should be done with the information at hand. If parent’s desired outcome is to not own a closed source centralized home monitoring system, refusing to buy Amazon or Google’s offering is in fact ensuring their desires are satisfied. If parent said they really wanted a home assistant, but felt a conflicted due to their desire for it to be open source, they’d have an issue. Personally I just don’t adopt this tech. I used to be an early adopter but I don’t really need more efficient ways to buy Amazon stuff and the Spotify app already makes a great music remote for my home stereo. Same. I waited for weeks for the Pixel to be in stock last year. I finally bought an iPhone 7 Plus after being all android since the T-Mobile G1. I love it, and it shipped in like 24 hours! I was blown away that google couldn’t provide a phone to those that wanted it. (Note: I wanted to max out storage and I wanted the XL. There was stock on models with the least storage.) I really hope they can keep these in stock. At first I thought it was more Trump bluster, but the article makes clear that the US stopped funding UNESCO in 2012 because of admission of Palestine as a member state and resolutions made naming Israel as an occupying power. For this, UNESCO is labeled as “Anti Israel.” Since the US stopped paying, it racked up a $500m+ unpaid bill, and withdrawing is some way to avoid payment. However the US will still stay on as an observer and participate in discussions. I’m frustrated that we won’t honor Palestine as it’s own state. I believe a people ought to have the right to self determination. Yes, I think it’s a great place to be for a while at least. I’m 33, have been here over ten years (grew up nearby) and am still chugging along. The mindless commute through unending traffic to get to the same office day in and day out is slowly driving me a little mad (not really... I think) but I’m beginning to question if I want to stay here long term. Still, I’ve had amazing experiences here and this is a place of magic in many ways. It’s defi worth experiencing in my opinion. It makes me wonder: How can we ever expect to solve the biggest problems when we’re ignoring them? I am beginning to realize that neural networks have their own class of “vulnerabilities” that are not the same as other software bugs (implementation errors, etc) but are at the same time serious functional flaws. Like “oh I found the bug in your program! Here you import an older CNN, which last year was found to silently fail under this specific set of lighting and lens conditions. You need to update to the latest version and the problem will go away.” Your first question: “If it were actually cheap then why do you need a community funded project?” Seems a bit daft to me. They need $5000 to buy materials for their university research. If the project is successful the energy they store will be cheap. But doing the research and acquiring the energy are totally different things, so even if the latter is free the former is not. I wonder why we use these services if we aren’t satisfied with how they work. Whenever I read this stuff, I imagine similar articles about the US government. We don’t do it the same way. US government officials will “leak” certain information to the press, knowing the press will take it and run. The goal is the same. The government wants to strategically distract the populace. We call it “Public Relations”. Why wouldn’t we? I dislike the way much of our media talks about “bad” things China does without discussing how the US does similar things. “Hacking” is the one I hear about China doing all the time, despite it being well known that the US government is heavily involved in global hacking efforts and is in fact the strongest player in the field. Yet I hear little about that and too much about China and Russias efforts there. Perhaps if we acknowledged that all nations do these things, we’d have a different outlook on the issue than we would if we imagined this was a problem with “them”. I recently ordered from DoorDash, a similar service. The app gave me a price for the order and then had a line item called “Dasher Tip” and asked me how much I wanted to put down. I put in $20. Later when the woman arrived with the food, we stopped to talk for a minute. She was a little younger than my mom, and said she had just started working for the service after her husband died. She asked me if she could ask me an awkward question, but I said okay. She wanted to know how much I had tipped her. $20. She showed me her phone with the app on our order. DoorDash told her we had tipped her $6, which she thought was suspiciously low (we ordered $90 in food). TL;DR: DoorDash presented me with an optional field called “Dasher Tip”, which I wasn’t sure of but assumed this was the Tip for the woman bringing us the food. I paid $20 for this “tip” but only $6 made it to the woman (whose husband had died). Incidentally I offered her a cash tip but she refused - she said I had already paid it and it should come from DoorDash. Last night my friends wanted to order food again. I called it in to the restaurant and we picked it up. I don’t want to use DoorDash anymore. CA - Bay Area HEY ITS OP HERE: I don’t see an edit option so I’ll say here. This comment got a lot of attention so I should clarify. Some are saying this should be a huge story, it’s illegal in CA (where this occurred) etc. I’m not sure how the DoorDash app works from the Dasher’s perspective, so I was taking her word that the tip was $6. Also I was incorrect on my tip amount - it was 20% which was $14.21 (the order was $92.00 including fees and tip). She did show me an amount under $10 ($6 or $7?) as her pay for this task. She did have to wait for a while at the restaurant because their food was not ready in time, and I was under the impression that the figure she showed me was her total compensation for the delivery. If she in fact received my $14 after as some are suggesting that would be an improvement. She said she was somewhat new to DoorDash so there could have been a misunderstanding, but she was under the impression they had been stiffing her on previous nights as well, so I’m not sure it’s a simple case of her not knowing she would be tipped more later. Is anyone else here a Dasher who would be willing to confirm tip amounts with some customers? You do enter the tip in to the app before finalizing the order, so they will know. Reminds me of the old IBM quote about the market for computers. It just sounds like a combination of old and entrenched thinking. For the longest time nothing could shake fossil fuels and anyone who believed otherwise was proven wrong. People in the fossil fuel community could succeed while dismissing renewables. But the facts no longer support those old positions, and entrenched organizations will be slow to pick up on it. I’ve never heard of this organization but I hope they’re not driving policy changes anywhere, though they sound like the kind of org that would... I’d love for those downvoting you to join in on the debate. I’m less familiar with Ghandi but what you say about Malcom X and MLK is consistent with what I know about the situation. When Bernie had his largest rally yet (larger by far than anything Hillary had by then), NPR spent 8 minutes of the Newshour talking about something Trump said, and the reactions people had on Twitter. They chose not to cover Bernie and while I could only speculate why, I agree with you that they helped elevate Trump’s candidacy. I think there are two separate questions being raised. My understanding (EDIT: my understanding of the concern being raised in this discussion) was not that they would try to recover individual readings from a trained model, but that they would run a model on your face to extract features, then save an array of features that defines your face. Only those features are needed to identify your face - after data extraction the photo is no longer needed. This article talks about how those data points are extracted using a different method. https://medium.com/@ageitgey/machine-learning-is-fun-part-4-... Thanks for the note about HW. In my field in robotics openness is not common (ROS being a major exception). I hold a rather uncommon view that a path to a more free society requires abundance of open source tools. In the software world we are getting closer, but the whole hardware world is still one big unmoving binary blob. I make open source robots and I’m hoping to help in that area. But we need open source machine tools, open source factories, and open manufacturing processes. There’s lots of work do be done in hardware land. Agreed! I don’t fully understand your argument. Because China has the great firewall they’re worse? I don’t really see how the firewall relates to surveillance in this way. I agree the firewall is a human rights issue in the way that US prisons are a human rights issue, but I’d be hesitant to say that because China is bad in this one way, the fact that they perform surveillance is made worse. The US is the global leader in surveillance as far as I’m aware. We keep 0-day backdoors in computer hardware that was designed here, and there’s some uncertainty as to whether we arranged for those backdoors or only found them (NSLs make it difficult/impossible to know). Further you dismiss the parent comment as implying the US and China’s surveillance are equivalent, but I don’t see that as the claim. There is a lot of shocked surprise in the news when we find that China is doing something we don’t like with our data or computers, but we ignore that the NSA builds massive data centers for data on the global population, we kill people based on that data, and we also engage in a global hacking war. And I think it’s important to make sure that when we talk about China, we’re also willing to talk about the US. If we never talk about what we do, someone else’s bad behavior will look warped. The US and China are not equivalent, but it’s hard to talk about one fairly in this context without mentioning the other. Yes! Home manufacturing tools are definitely headed in the right direction! My interest is in going much farther though - to the point where a community or society can survive off of a totally open source chain. To me that means the machines that make the bagels at the bagel shop are open source and the vehicles that deliver the wheat that make the bagels are open source and so is the farm equipment and the solar panel manufacturing equipment etc. I’m happy that we’re moving to more sustainable energy but for me the revolution I’m most interested in is the one where the people control the manufacturing technology. And I hope we’re caring for the earth while we do it. Oh and see my latest 3D printed robot in that vein: http://reboot.love/t/rover-a-robot-you-can-make-at-home/94 I’ve been printing with a 1.2mm nozzle on my printer for about a year now. I love it. The fat traces are strong as hell and I can print at 0.8mm layer height. However I have to print at 10mm/s and I actually use 0.4mm layers so I’m not sure it’s faster in my case. I’m still limited by my ability to melt plastic. But I’m building a robot [1] that is 200 hours of print time currently, and I’d love to make it faster. [1] http://reboot.love/t/rover-a-robot-you-can-make-at-home/94 Doesn’t the US literally require huge amounts of data to be kept by corporations while also ensuring that through National Security Letters they can get what they need any time? Hillary Clinton actually campaigned on expanding “public private partnerships” for “data security”. She wanted to make it easier for corporations to share bulk data with the government without reprocussions. What’s interesting is that on the previous security method - fingerprint - no data was shared with apps. If your face is now a security feature and the data is being shared with apps, that sounds like a security leak. If an app collects your face data, can that data be subpoenaed by a court to attempt to unlock your phone? If a court could work with an outside party to use subpoenaed face data to 3D print your face, could they try to use that to unlock your phone? I’m satisfied with the fingerprint scanner on my phone. I don’t feel like I need the change in tech. I understand if you’re really concerned about security use a passcode only, but it’s still true that the new face unlock is “differently secure”. I really liked this article. More and more I feel as though my life and the lives of so many people around me is cheapened as we are treated as tools to generate growth and consumption. I long for a world where I and those around me are working to make a world that has moved far beyond the consumerism and the competition attitude. I want to collaborate with my fellow people, not compete with them. This is possible for all digitizable value, but it takes work to build a library of wealth not held down by intellectual property restrictions. It is possible though. An interesting comment given that Apple as closer to infinity resources than anyone else. You forgot “don’t use”. I don’t use any assistant apps. I can’t possibly imagine how my life would be better if I did. I would think Black Lives Matter would be an organized resistance group, no? To me that’s appropriate. Black people are at the forefront of police abuse in the US. Solve the problem of black people being abused by police and you’ve solved the problem in general. I totally agree that many people have a distorted view of the movement but to me that’s a reflection of problems with our culture more than problems with the movement. I am not familiar with his books (hopefully others can help), but I wanted to say that to me the issue with techno utopias is their connection with capitalism. Specifically the notion that we will work for money to pay for everything we need. Admittedly Jaron Lanier is wiser than me in this area, but I still think technology has a huge role to play in making a better world. I feel though that as long as we expect to exploit the position of those beneath us (with respect to social class and wealth) then technology will be used to that aim to create a stratified dystopia where everyone is trapped in a ladder holding down those beneath them while those above them hold them down. I grew up in a very privileged white world, with an attitude that I could always talk to the police because they were never interested in me. I felt that there would be unlikely to be an outcome where I got in any real trouble even if I had been breaking the law in some childish but “not actually bad” kind of way. Doing some dumb stunt or smoking a little weed - “nothing serious”. A friend from a different place helped me see that in so many ways that attitude was only one I could hold from my position of extreme privilege. The world was in a sense made for me, or rather people like me. As a “normal” white male the system had built-in leniency. White judges would “understand I was a good kid” who “meant no harm”. The law had a built in amount of forgiveness for me. I could risk doing dumb things and still talk to police. For everyone who isn’t amongst the class this world was build for, the reality is very different. Even my outlook was a fantasy that may not always hold true, but for others there is not even the comfort of that belief. People like me who are comfortable will perpetuate the system because it “works” for us, but everyone else is terrorized by it. I have a different outlook now, and I can begin to understand why talking to the police is so risky for most people. I understand too that it is risky for me. The system does not in fact care for me. I am more cautious now. And I desire a system that is more fair - though I have so much more I need to learn, and I need to get more out of my comfort zone to better serve the others most affected by the injustice of our system. They absolutely can arrest you without probable cause. It’s illegal but that is to be decided later - and your case may never be decided if they find some excuse after the fact to legitimize an illegitimate arrest. This is made easy by the protectionism that happens amongst the police. My more cynical belief is that the issue is intent - specifically that these moves are not intended to create functioning space programs, but to move money to interested parties and look good in the news. Thank you for this comment. I 100% agree and will try to take this to heart. I do believe friendly fair police should be the goal. I expect it will take a very different approach to policing (laws and power structures need to change), but always anchoring the goal of fair and respectful interaction is the right idea. I talk to people today who think that mechanical design is basically trivial because we have CAD. All these tools do is help us do much more than we could before. But at some point humans get to decide what we want to use our tools for. We’ll just have much more technological power in the future. I’ve seen things like that. They’re awesome and I look forward to more cad programs having features like this. But it still takes a human to define the system requirements - we just get more powerful tools. It sounds absurd to me. Am I narrow minded? Agreed. I keep seeing people say bitcoin “needs” regulation and to me the notion of Washington having any say over bitcoin sounds absurd. Sadly I think we may one day find that a majority may think it makes sense, and I worry for the consequences. I’d say our assumption that the big stuff should be done by the government cripples our thinking and stops us from encouraging more innovative private projects. I’ve lost faith in government in a way that goes beyond candidates and parties - I think the structure is broken. I do not want to wish any more power in to the hands of thieves. That is - Congress and those who buy the congress people. The only argument would be that the people are demanding it. And so far very few of us are. (I’d love standard hardware!) One interesting factoid I know is that 50% of Americans represent 2% of the income in America. “The shrinking middle class” is a phrase that is part of common discourse here for a reason - I wouldn’t be surprised if 80% of Americans fit the parent comment’s definition. Sadly I did find that with the latest gen $130 card (cant remember the model) there is no driver support in Debian stable, or the driver was broken (I can’t recall which). I have to run Debian unstable to use my card, which unfortunately has a broken ZFS driver... I read that AMD cards were friendly to Linux, so after removing my NVIDIA card for stability reasons, I switched to AMD only to have other issues. I’m still looking for an easy Debian compatible graphics card so I can do CAD (Onshape - OpenGL). The AMD card works now, but I don’t know what to do next time around. I was using the open source drivers, but the version in Debian stretch does not support my card. I had to go to buster to get it working after tracing a long list of forum posts of people having trouble with this card. I grew up in Santa Cruz county across the mountain from Silicon Valley. I used to wake up on the weekend and go on a walk on the cliffs, or mountain bike in the hills. I’m living in Silicon Valley now and it’s hard knowing I’ll have to spend so much time in the office to afford a home in this area that I’ll struggle to actually spend time enjoying the natural beauty here. But I am in love with this area and I want to stay. Agreed. It’s also a waste of human labor to throw away devices when they could still be made useful with some simple repairs. To go further, it is wasteful to design hardware to be disposable rather than repairable and reusable. People with jobs I wouldn’t want to do work very hard to bring us these devices, and the earth gives up resources to mine, transport, and shape the materials. Throwing things away when they could last 5-10x as long consumes our precious resources and wastes our collective capital. Finally I’ll say that a lack of open software support contributes to this. If I could flash alpine linux on an old iPhone, Nexus, or Samsung, I could find great uses for the old hardware. Such a project is now underway (Alpine linux for Mobile), but mobile devices are still a morass of unpatchable secret binaries with glaring security holes. I know we can better use our resources than to throw a two or three year old flagship phone in the trash or let it waste away in an old drawer, but it will take us demanding more of manufacturers and calling them out for their waste before they take action on it. Which is a more efficient use of our labor? The manufacture of a phone with a removable battery or the manufacture of a phone with a non replaceable battery? Both situations benefit from the efficiency of modern production lines, but in the former case that device can be easily refreshed by a lay person out in the real world while with the other phone, the same amount of manufacturing resources went in to a phone that only lasts two years. No matter how “efficient” our modern manufacturing methods are, using them to make a device that lasts two years uses more resources per unit of delivered utility than using them to make something that lasts 5-10 years. Also the reason why it’s cheaper to manufacture new than to repair is exactly because repair is not engineered in to the design. If you have to de solder a battery and crack a case to replace a LiPo, it’s going to be more costly than if you just remove some screws and pop out a connector. Intellectual property in general causes all manner of harm. It makes things more expensive to repair (monopolies on repair parts/services), limits access to medicine, and keeps significant quality of life improvements in the hands of a privileged minority that can afford to pay the stacked up monopoly fees of all the IP contributors of an “official” product. Information is not a scarce resource and while there are many business benefits to the current arrangement, IP on balance harms the average person. For those that say small artists need IP to survive: how much cheaper would an artist’s health care and automobile be if both of those industries had essentially “open licenses” (in our speak) for that content. How much cheaper would a Toyota clone be if it used standard parts and didn’t change every year, where any manufacturer could produce the necessary parts? Artists could live as well as they do now for cheaper if there were no IP laws in my opinion. I think shorter or no IP protection terms would on average harm the wealthiest and benefit the poorest in this world. How many lives would be improved if all the medicine in the world could be freely cloned? How much cheaper would our cars be if the designs could be legally cloned? Certainly if we abolished IP laws we would need to intentionally fund medical research rather than using the pseudo market based approach (mixed with government subsidy) that we have now. I should say I know little about our current process, but I do believe we could find a way. There’s a difference between original designers and “cloners” in quality and attention to detail. The Toyota clone wouldn’t be as good as the real thing and so there would still be a market for first party goods. But that market would be smaller as many people would be satisfied with a clone. And isn’t that more “efficient”? People satisfied with the cheaper good get the cheaper good and people who want the quality go for the original. In today’s market, when someone who would be satisfied with a clone ends up buying an original, we see that extra money is spent only because Toyota is holding a monopoly on the design information. Except only creating the value should be rewarded, not monopolizing it. We can see today how Joseph Prusa with Prusa research designed the worlds most popular 3D printer, yet many of the users are using clones. There is a market sufficiently interested in quality to support his 30 person (I believe) business despite his product being totally open source and actively cloned by huge companies. It is possible to deliver value as an innovator and creator by selling the best stuff. Even at 3x the price of clones Prusa continues to grow. So I don’t believe that there wouldn’t be car makers - though perhaps there’d be no “Toyota”. I would design some crazy 3D printed dashboard modifications if I had the source files to my Honda. Let’s talk numbers. There’s 250 billion stars in our Milky Way galaxy. Our local supercluster has 100,000 galaxies in it. Previous estimates were that there are 100-200 Billion galaxies in the observable universe and this article suggests the figure is 10x as much as that. The Kepler telescope has been discovering planets around nearby stars for a while now, and the impression we get are that at least half of the stars seem to have planets around them. With 250 Billion stars in our galaxy and 200 Billion galaxies or more just in the observable universe (also cosmologists believe the actual universe is larger than the observable universe by an unknown amount), that leaves us with somewhere in the neighborhood of 25 Billion trillion (that is, 25 Billion * 1 trillion) planets in the observable universe. 100 Billion + worlds just in our galaxy. We also believe that the laws of physics are the same across the universe and that water and other basic elements are abundant throughout the universe. So to me it seems like even with extremely remote probabilities of life existing, to me it seems most likely that there would be lots of planets where life started. “We lose money on every sale but we make it up in volume.” Many have already replied here but I will respond in my own words. Not everyone can do what you can do and those people in particular benefit from a union. Others have also listed why you may benefit but I wanted to make clear that you assuming everyone is like you is silly. I think borders between countries that keep people out are inhumane. Also building literal walls at great cost is to me the opposite of what we need - we need to connect people not separate them. I do not believe immigrants from South America and Central America are a threat to us. Out of curiosity do you mind sharing the location? Doesn’t this ultimately raise the price of solar in the US though? Either buy from established Chinese factories at a tarrif adjusted price, or buy from less established US manufacturers at the price they can manage - a higher price than the Chinese factories. One could imagine instead that the US government competes with China by providing its own solar subsidies. Of course, the republicans would rather the price of solar go up and the government spend money on green energy subsidies... But it’s clear that making the US competitive in solar isn’t the sole motivation here. Automation is a tool that has both good and bad effects. It is great that we are improving productivity but automation also furthers concentration of wealth by distributing fewer profits to workers. It is not simply good. If we don’t understand the negative effects we are more likely to become victims of those effects. If we do understand the negative effects we can make sure to prepare ourselves for the change in the landscape. Interesting. It seems /r/deepfakes (NSFW) is where the content is at (I assume the article doesn’t link to that, but haven’t checked). More than just books about us, we leave the world with all we left behind. Warren Miller is with us in his films, and others stay with us too even after their bodies have decayed. I’ve realized in recent years that while I don’t think there is a physical soul of any kind, the soul of an individual is the collective influence they had. Much of that lives on long after the person’s light leaves this world. That lasting influence is now, to me, the soul of the individual. Are you suggesting that if someone votes for health care, they’ll get it? That’s the reporting. Ideally researchers should just say “we did this.” But then they need continued funding so they like to say “we did this and we believe with more research the commercial possibilities are promising.” And then reporters hear this all and say “the Star Wars display is here now, and soon you’ll have Princess Leia in your living room.” Honestly I feel like the best solution is just to train everyone critical thinking skills but I guess in practice that doesn’t seem to happen. Glad you found it! Can anyone tell me if this could have been found in the library of congress? Seeed is wonderful. I’ve run over $80k of boards through them and while I have experienced one big error in a build they worked with me to fix it and in general they have wonderful service considering I’m one person working out of my apartment. Bigger shops charge way more or don’t work with me, and smaller shops don’t do as much as Seeed does. Tempo Automation has historically been super high priced. I haven’t looked in to their prices lately tho. I’m not sure if you’ve seen the face swapping that was making the rounds recently, but I was thinking this makes whole body swapping look closer. I’m a hobby 3D printer user with four printers, and none use chipped filament. But then at work they don’t consider machines below $5000, and many of them use proprietary feedstocks. We recently got the new HP Jet Fusion printer [1] which produces wonderful functional parts from nylon and while I don’t operate that machine, I can only assume HP has made it rely heavily on proprietary software and consumables. [1] https://youtu.be/XeTdo-w6Qx8 I ate that site up when I was young. I was 12 in 1996, and by that time had already decided on a career in robotics. All the little tech projects there kept me engaged. I built a Tesla Coil after the site inspired me, and today I work in robotics in Silicon Valley. I’m struck now with how much power one site has to engage and help so many people. I hope that I can share enough of my own goofy hobbies [1] to help a new generation learn what inspires them. [1] http://reboot.love I feel helpless to move the political system too, so I work on open source projects that I think will make an impact. It seems more effective than anything I can do with voting or door to door canvassing. I’m not saying everyone should do it, but it’s something I can do that feels helpful. Am I an idiot for wanting to share what I learn even if I know I could make more money keeping the information away from others? I feel strongly that the long term solution is to end our reliance on jobs for individual survival. If we automate the industries that produce what people need for survival, and we find some way of collectivizing those industries (I only support voluntary non governmental collectivization of industry via common share holding schemes), then we can make the marginal cost of living close to zero. To me it seems perfectly reasonable that in 50-100 years people would no longer need to work to stay alive (as the norm). Productivity will continue to grow due to the high output (assisted by automation) of those who continue to work. The limits of a life supported by public infrastructure will still encourage anyone capable of doing useful work to do so, but no one would be cast away and suffering from lack of work. I write about this at: http://tlalexander.com/machine Thanks for your comment! Sorry for the downvotes, I see you're actually trying to make good conversation. I think Marx's analysis of capitalism is over emphasized as a cause of the murderous regimes we saw under the "Communist" label in the 20th century. Stalin wanted control of the people, and he knew that Marx was very popular among the people at the time. But while I'm not an expert on all of these things, I don't think Marx advocated for the violent methods we saw used by those brutal regimes who used his name. And remember, Capitalist nations like the US were violent too (millions killed in Vietnam, and for what exactly?), but we don't blame Adam Smith or David Ricardo for those horrors. When I do mention communism, I mean an agreement between people where some good or service it shared amongst them without any individual or individuals laying specific claim to more than their fair share. Families operate this way with food for example, and employers like Google share food freely this way too. I'm advocating that we build robots that are owned by huge groups of people who then share the rewards of the machines freely. So it's "communism" because certain things are shared by the community, but people can still have their own private property and make other choices about what they do. It's a libertarian, non-violent non-coercive way to achieve a sort of voluntary communism for only life's most important goods (as decided by the people who choose to participate in these sharing schemes). I hope that clears it up somewhat! What do you think led to misery, death, disease, and horror? I do feel that Capitalist nations also continue to be responsible to misery, death, disease and horror (typically in far off places). You've correctly identified some of my heaviest influences. ;) I've met Richard Wolff and have read his book Democracy at Work (which he signed). I'm also interested in what Gar Alperovitz talks about among others. Chomsky has talked at length about automation. AI is a new one, but even back in the 1960's Martin Luther King Jr was talking about how to overcome the problems of automation. This Noam Chomsky interview [1] from 1976 talks about his belief in something like The Machine. He says that it makes sense for an advanced technological society to automate away the drudgery of survival. He goes further to elaborate how work that can't be automated could be shared amongst the people rather than relegating one class of society to do that work. In a way, deciding not to have class suddenly means you want to automate as much as possible, because in either case you don't want to do the hard work yourself. We can only maintain a class based society because we're satisfied making some people do work we don't want to do. What I write about, is how you can make your society in to sort of a small closed system, where there becomes a fixed number of things needed to maintain a certain standard of living. People can then decide if that standard of living is better than life in the more traditional worker-based capitalist system, where most people end up being workers. And to reiterate - the system I'm describing still meets the definition of "capitalist" by most western libertarian standard, because it is still based on voluntarily agreed contracts and depends on the notion of private property (shares) to operate. It also necessarily requires economic (capitalist) exchange to the outside world to get things the society cannot itself produce. It's an engineering solution, in my mind, to what Chomsky and others talk about. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_x0Y3FqkEI I feel in many ways that this is how NASA works. One leader says “My predecessor has no vision for a positive future. We must go beyond low Earth orbit and explore the solar system. I’m announcing renewed funding for programs that will send humans to Mars in 25 years. I’m introducing a bill that adds $2B to the NASA budget.” And then the subsequent leader says “My predecessor loved spending money even while the people suffered. We cannot be spending billions on space exploration while people need jobs. I have let NASA know they’re going to have to tighten their belts and get to work with less so the people can have jobs. I’m introducing a bull that cuts $2B off the budget.” Meanwhile, both leaders expand the military budget by $40B. It makes me happy that someone from the ESA gave a talk at 33c3. I guess that feels a little like England setting up a base in Greenland as a supply depot to stop at before crossing the Atlantic to the new world. There’s way more stuff at their home base so it’s hard to see how adding a far off stop in a desolate place will help. That’s under our control. They’re unimpeachable because we support an air of respect for them. We could do the same for those less privileged, but other agendas get in the way. In my case, iTunes doesn’t work in linux. “A short 30 second recommendation” sounds like an ad to me. Elon mentioned that it’s heavier in the post launch press conference. But of course they would have used that information in their calculations... Sure, people think it’s a bot. But what is happening in their brain that makes them so much more likely to be nasty when the chat program looks like a woman? If it’s just because they think it’s a bot, why does gender appear to be so significant? I’ve heard that before. Guys will get aggressive if a woman ignores them. I don’t get it and it’s sketchy as hell. It shows how superficial so many guys can be - they want to sound sweet until it’s clear they’re not getting anything, and then they become aggressive. It’s always about their satisfaction - they reveal that they were not being nice in order for the woman to feel better, or they wouldn’t have turned aggressive. Obviously it should be clear that I’m not talking about all men, but I have seen this behavior on occasion before and it’s super unnerving. When people say life has generally gotten better in the last several decades, this is the kind of thing I think of. Gotten better for who? Not the Orangutans. Neither does your false premise. We do not have to choose between the well being of orangutans and the well being of people. My friends son is constantly asking for more Pokémon cards. I’m not sure if there is any harm, but he’s in to it. I do wonder if regulation is the answer though. Shouldn’t we expect people (parents, here) to make their own choices? But LiFePO4 has much lower energy density right? So not great for cars or airplanes. The Russia stuff has always seemed like fear mongering to me. It’s a big scary enemy messing with our political system. But is what’s happening actually new? And is what’s happening as significant as the news makes it out to be? Or is it another distraction with all the rest? Ive slowly lost faith in the mainstream news over the last few years, and so have subsequently tuned it out. It started when I noticed that the news barely covered the US bombings of hospitals and funerals overseas. There was very little coverage of the US supported war in Yemen where thousands of innocent civilians were being killed. At some point CNN went crazy over MH370 and gave an uneventful search for the plane wall to wall coverage while US weapons killed people overseas. I had to go to The Intercept to learn about drone killings in any real detail. And then I remember in particular when Bernie Sanders had just had his largest rally yet, the PBS newshour failed to mention it while devoting 8 minutes to Donald Trumps twitter comments. So when the media that hated Trump (a position I am not criticizing) started talking about allegations of Russian interference with the elections, I waited for the evidence. But after a couple of months of anonymous officials making this claim and that claim but no hard evidence in the matter, I tuned it out. I’ve since stopped following mainstream news, so if they’ve come up with genuine evidence by now then I’m just out of the loop. It’s fair to say I’m uninformed here but I do recall that for some time at the beginning, no evidence was presented. Lately I use my time to educate myself in other ways. I’m 10 hours in to PBS’s 18 hour documentary on the Vietnam war. I’ve never learned so much about that conflict. I’ve been watching some John Pilger documentaries on YouTube, and trying to understand why people all over the world still live in destitute poverty even in the outskirts of wealthy cities. I’m trying to understand my libertarian friends who say that broad social programs are unfair, while I see images of people with nothing dying from poisoned water or preventable disease. But I’m also trying to understand why socialism was unfair (John Pilgers documentary about Japan was enlightening there). I’m trying to find a way to care for the poor and give them more power without giving power to despotic governments that will siphon aid money into their personal accounts (as in the IMF funded nuclear power plant in the Philippines that was never finished, but poor local tax payers are still paying off). I’m also working on a week long robotics course to teach to some university students in Africa, and the associated robot I built as a teaching aid. I leave in less than a month and it’s been a busy time. So when I see news that sounds like baseless claims about “The Russians” on channels that don’t cover the murder of children but do feast on images of a bare ocean where a missing airliner hasn’t been found, I just tune it out. My life has improved since I stopped using Facebook and removed the normal political feeds from my reddit. I’ve been political my whole life and to this day I focus heavily on politics, but the information I want is scarcely carried on those normal news feeds. In what way are my actions “revenge” rather than simply a choice to find a better use of my time? How is my choice to be informed in different ways the same as being “as uninformed as possible”? Muller assumed office in May 2017. The allegations of Russian interference we’re going on in summer 2016, and at the time there seemed to be nothing of substance to them. I’m thrilled that 18 months later there are concrete claims being made, but can you not understand why I might have stopped caring in the interim? There’s lots happening in the world. The mainstream news media wants to focus on a few pet issues and I just don’t feel well informed when I listen to repeated hand wringing about the same subject. Today I’ve been spending most of my work day listening to the political debates in South Africa after their state of the union. It’s a fascinating subject and one that I feel comfortable assuming is not well covered by US news outlets. You obviously care about the Russia investigation. Great! But you accuse me of being generally uninformed just because I don’t follow this issue. Please. I don’t care about every twist and turn of this investigation. If they can convict somebody great, but I don’t see the value in following all this when so much else is going on in the world. Quick question: if a user is under camera based surveillance and they type in their PIN, does that allow someone holding their data to decrypt it? Because apparently China is putting cameras everywhere, and it stands to reason they could have a module that monitors for PIN entry and records it. Even at my workplace in the US I try to avoid entering my PIN near security cameras. Waymo appears to be ahead, but Tesla has little incentive at this moment to publicize anything partially complete. Waymo is certainly leading the pack on published capabilities, but Tesla has another advantage: tens of thousands of vehicles shipped with a sensor package they claim can support self driving. I’ve heard rumors they may need to upgrade the compute on those vehicles to support full autonomy, but no other company on Earth is better equipped to activate a fleet of tens of thousands of self driving cars (if the sensor package is indeed sufficient). True story. I share a messy studio with my girlfriend in the Bay Area. We’ve both at times felt like it’s weird for us to live in a small cramped space, but any time I learn about life for poorer people the world over I realize that living in cramped messy places is the global norm. The fact that I grew up around clean single family homes is just an artifact of the wealth around me. I will say though that I hope robotics can increase global wealth dramatically enough for everyone that no one has to see their quality of life go down. It’s 30% Netflix and 30% Wordpress and 50% Amazon and 40% Google. Surely no large organaization has ever been found to be doing illegal or unwelcome things. I suppose you don’t see things of this scale often but I would argue that big things like this are happening all the time. I was watching recently some interviews from 2005 about the justification for the US invading Iraq in 2003, and the disparity between what the public was told about WMDs and what the security community believed was maybe on a similar scale (depending on how you view privacy and war). And then the people who made decisions that led to the 2008 financial collapse were doing things that hurt people on what you may consider a similar scale, depending on how you view robbing people of their wealth versus robbing them of their privacy. Facebook invading our privacy by recording persons of interest or the people en masse would be horrible and in many ways unprecedented, but it wouldn’t be beyond the levels of abuse we have seen from powerful people in the past. I can easily imagine that the app supports hot mic capabilities and that they do turn it on sometimes at least at the request of law enforcement. And then the question is... when else would they turn it on? And would that program ever grow? Would they ever fork the program so each team involved thinks there working on a small project? This is all speculation but I can imagine a situation where it starts small and then grows until it seems like an insane program but everyone involved is accustomed to it. I run a one person business and I often feel bogged down by little things. If I need auth and I can let some huge companies take care of auth for me and they’ve got simple APIs, I may choose that over some kind of roll my own. Personally I wouldn’t want to force my customers to participate in these surveillance platforms but I have also never made money on my businesses - perhaps because I put too much effort in to the little details. Edit: I also imagine fraud is costly, and if the big platforms can save me dev time on auth and reduce problems with fraud, that adds up to a significant savings. Google (Actually X/Alphabet) started an entire company focused on computer security. They would have whole departments dedicated to this, rather than teams. But I get that maybe this is a semantic issue. https://www.theverge.com/2018/1/24/16929320/google-x-cyberse... Which people? Surely not all people. It was both Professor Hawking and Carl Sagan that tought me how brief and unlikely our lives truly are. It was their cosmic perspective that helped me end my fear of death. While we want more time and see the death of others as tragic, I do feel less afraid of that time coming knowing how fortunate I have been to live. The app icon is the gun trigger. You see another player and you whip out your phone and fire a bullet at them. Someone please make this game so we can weed out the bugs in the cellular system. Californian here. In college my friends turned me on to drinking. I became what I would describe as a drunk in my 20’s. It was horrible for my body. I’d had some bad experiences with weed but for some reason I decided to try again in my late 20’s. Somehow then I was able to handle the strange disorienting feeling it had previously caused for me. I’ve found that when I want to unwind with the help of a drug, I vastly prefer weed over alcohol. I currently smoke a little every day. I really do see smoking weed like drinking wine. If you do it a lot and it’s interfering with your life, it sounds like a problem. If you do it a little then yes it’s still unhealthy but it’s not a problem. I work in tech as an engineer and I consider myself very successful. I know doing drugs isn’t as healthy as staying clean and I don’t plan to smoke every day forever, but for now I like what it gives me. When I smoke, it’s a small hit of sativa from a pipe. Then I get up, put on some music, and clean the house, cook food, or do some mechanical design. I smoke less if I’m going to write software - that’s just how my brain likes it. But often if I’m going through something hard in life, I’m not good at processing it on my own. I know I could learn that through meditation, but certainly taking a larger hit of the same stuff and sitting down for a while usually allows me to process those emotions. I’ll go in to my emotions, cry, and then work through them. That’s just an evening or weekend thing. I’ll reiterate that I don’t see this as objectively healthy, but it’s certainly not in a worse class of drug than alcohol. I am frustrated when I go to parties and people allow young children to see everyone drinking but say the weed should be hidden. We have a culture that accepts heavy drinking but we still see weed as some problem. In California it’s not so severe, but I hope to see it legalized everywhere in the world. It’s absurd to send anyone to jail for consuming, producing, or selling this easy to grow drug. That’s true. For what it’s worth this happened at an outdoor beach party, and they were concerned with the impression it would make. Far away but visible would not have fit their concerns. But yes don’t discount the danger of second hand smoke! In California I haven’t seen much advertised in this regard. You’re saying it’s common elsewhere? Seconded. I just made it through the whole 20 hour series and it was sobering. I never learned very much about this significant war in American history (I am American). To think that we started this war to help an ally (France) maintain their colonial power over people who wanted to be free, and then stayed in it because it would look bad, is horrific. Nixon even interfered with peace talks before he was elected to make sure he’d have a better chance of being elected, and that fact was seen as so damaging that those in power decided to keep it the American people in the dark. A presidential candidate interfered with the peace process to get elected and the American people weren’t even told about it. And then the massacres. So much humanity was lost. Not just in the massacres but in the battles for a war that didn’t need to be fought. The Vietnam war is such a dark part of human history, and yet we barely talk about it. Or when we do, many people to this day believe the government lines they were being fed at the time of the war. That this was necessary, etc. And now we have a president that threatens war and people support him in it. Hell Obama pushed war too and advanced many war efforts. I wish we could stop all this killing. I mean - we could. I wish we would. My bullish position on Tesla goes like this: They had the same production problems on the roadster, the Model S, and the Model X. Each time, the new vehicle was a “make or break” for the company. Each time, there were reports of how these production problems would sink the company. The company never sank. Tesla is now apparently “good” at making the Model S and Model X. I always assumed they would have similar nightmarish production problems with the Model 3, so all of these reports are sort of expected for me. But I also know that Teslas are extremely popular in Silicon Valley, where I live. That to me indicates that those with the means really like the cars. So it stands to reason that once they are good at making an affordable car, they’ll sell like hot cakes. Musk mentioned recently that two things really stress him out: Artifical Intelligence and what to do about the risks is poses for humanity, and the Model 3 launch. I still have a lot of faith that Elon can make it happen. And personally I really want Tesla to succeed. I think a lot of other people do too. If Elon had to chose between SpaceX and Tesla he’d choose SpaceX. He’s said as much many times. I’d never heard of your site but I just checked it out. I’ve got to say it looks really nice. I’ll bookmark it and try to use it. Thanks for making it! Random comment but I see so many people talking about regulation. Why do we want to hold the wolf by the ears here, continuing to use a service that doesn’t respect us while trying to force them to act like they do, when instead we could be advocating the use of user friendly services that truly respect our freedom? Why if Facebook has proven to be focused on things we don’t want (deep profiling), would you think any regulation (from politicians who are seemingly all bought by campaign donations) would somehow redeem Facebook? For those advocating regulation, why do you advocate that over the development of services that genuinely respect user freedom? Thanks all who comment thoughtfully. I mean, it’s great that there’s not a whole lot of this stuff being used, but if even small amounts are causing problems then it’s not that much of a saving grace. I would imagine these companies put great effort in to assuring users that their data is safe. The privacy protections Facebook implements look secure to a lot of people. I’m right there with you that I assume everything I say on these platforms could be made public, but you and I are more informed on data security issues. For many people, they just want to share photos and chat with friends. The deep privacy implications are beyond most people. Yes, and blacks were taking up arms because they were literally being bombed. The whites wanted to control their rights to have guns so they could continue controlling the black populations with violent force. So you highlight how gun control has been used as an oppressive tool in the past. What are we do to when only our corrupt government is allowed to have guns? Or... you can keep it and ignore the law. The above comment was highlighting the futility of this kind of ban, so I don’t see what voluntary disposal would do to realize it. While I can’t predict that we can solve intelligence completely any time soon, I would argue that machine intelligence allows us to examine the phenomena of intelligence more thoroughly than anything else in the past. I would expect this to yield new insights. So at a minimum, I’d think we can learn more now than we have been able to before. Maybe that will lead to a great increase in understanding of intelligence or a slight one, but it will lead to an increase in our understanding of the phenomena. But those news agencies would be committing suicide if they supported this, so none of them would promote that message. While I don’t have kids, a friend of mine in San Francisco does. She’s good friends with the neighbors who have a son the same age as hers. If she had to leave suddenly, I’m certain they’d do anything they could to help. Outside of Silicon Valley where I grew up, in the Santa Cruz mountains, we also had neighbors we could trust who would help us if they could. I do feel that Silicon Valley is less friendly than nearby Santa Cruz, but anecdotally we do have neighbors who will help. This is one of the things that led me to stop using Facebook last year. In order to use the app you have to give it all manner of permissions. And of course, if Facebook can access your data they’re going to suck in as much as they can. They don’t respect you, they want to use you. So put me in the “not surprised” category, but I’m really glad there’s more discussion of this. Ghost has drafts, and the editor is fine for me (plain text markdown with instant preview). I think(?) it also supports multiple logins with permission management? I feel like adding a user requires an admin (no self sign up that I know of) but other than that, I think it might do what you’re talking about. I use ghost for my personal site and I love it. (Not that I use multiple authors.) I may have to check my droplets... do you know if the upgrades automatic by chance? Certainly. That just isn’t what was discussed in the original comment. If it’s about knowing lots of your neighbors then I would say I haven’t had that in California. Facebook is the new AOL. It’s got everything old people need to be happy on the internet. It’s even the color blue! I also noticed recently that if you search for problems using google cloud stuff (app engine in my case) on google, the full first page of results are the documentation for the product. What I wanted was stack overflow posts, or angry forum posts where other users had the same questions. Or somebody’s personal blog or GitHub gist where they talk about what to do. If I want all results from the documentation I can go to the documentation and search from there! If I used google to search for information on C# programming they wouldn’t return a page of 100% MSDN results, so I don’t see why they do for app engine. Not strictly related to your comment, but similarly frustrated. Or people wake up in a world where corporations are king and people are treated like things to be exploited for revenue, there is no true community and we are kept vulnerable and separated because that makes us easier to advertise to. They see no point in living and decide to end the pain of existence. > war criminals. I dislike this kind of inaccurate rhetoric. I suppose one could make some claim that someone is at war with someone and Facebook exacerbated it, but the more strained your argument is the more easily people can dismiss you. Facebook is psychologically manipulative. Facebook uses human attention for profit. Facebook moderates our connections with other people for its own gains. All these are accurate indictments of facebooks behavior. But if you call then war criminals and don’t articulate what war you’re talking about, it just sounds inflammatory. I agree with the other reply - I don’t think arts and STEM are opposites. I do engineering at home outside of “work” engineering, and the work I do at home feels like a kind of techno art to me. I am personally curious about the history of art though we never studied it in engineering school. I agree that adding an A to STEM does not spell STEM, but I think the question is more about the merits of STEAM as “the goal” versus “STEM”. Could you elaborate on what you mean when you say art and STEM are “opposites”? I think “the Earth is huge” is one of those things that makes intuitive sense to us, but that fails to take in to account the scale with which we operate. A desalination plant must put a lot of excess salt into the ocean somewhere. Whenever you’re dumping high quantities of something into the ocean, there’s always going to be some effect. The question is just “how significant” is the effect. I assume the local animal population could perhaps be greatly affected. And depending on the region there could be effects on migrating populations as well. Everything we do has an impact. Well I don’t work in autonomous cars but I did work on several autonomous robots, and “ Adaptive Monte Carlo Localization” is a common way to keep a ROS + LIDAR based robot localized. I wouldn’t be surprised if Monte Carlo techniques are useful for all manner of things related to ingesting sensor data on autonomous vehicles. I don’t know about the rules, but the comment is certainly uninteresting. It’s getting downvoted currently, which is nice. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on there. You disagree with a claim in the article. Someone replies asking you to cite evidence for your opinion. And you respond telling them you’re not going to do the research for them? Why would you even make the claim of disagreement in the first comment if you can’t already provide information to back it up? I like that after you refuse to support your own claims, you then tell the person to grow up. Awesome. I disagree. It’s not as though level II is a hard and fast definition - Tesla wants level 4 and claims the cars possess the hardware for that already. So you’d think their level II would still be smart enough to detect these problems to some degree. It’s not a fixed system but one they keep upgrading. I would expect this nominally level II system to have more smarts than a system that is designed never to exceed level II. I think just because atheists don’t tend to care for the book. But yeah we’re typically less in to banning books than religious people so it is an odd comment. And yes the US doesn’t always treat foreigners as welcome either. :-/ I am a huge fan of Elon Musk and a small TSLA share holder, but there is something about Tesla and Musk’s response to this that feels so wrong. It seems two faced. On the one hand, they shout about how great and safe their technology is, and on the other hand they blame someone for dying when they chose to rely on that technology. Is it safe or unsafe? I know it’s not that simple, but this response still saddens me. I know they must have people who want to bring them down through legal action. And I think they want to establish a precedent that they are not liable in any crashes out of a desire to protect the corporation. But still, this response seems so cold, and so uncaring, that I am reminded that Tesla is still a corporation that in the end must protect itself. I want self driving cars, but not a world without compassion. Why is it that we seem forced to choose one versus the other? EDIT: Immediately after hitting send, two Model 3’s passed me one after the other, before any other vehicles passed. The universe is strange. Hah, nope just walking through a Mountain View parking lot. Google has a whole division now called Google Consumer Hardware, and they’re hiring hardware engineers at the typical Google salaries. Google X, Waymo, and Verily all do plenty of hardware too. And of course Apple does hardware. Tesla hires hardware people too but I haven’t heard the greatest things about their salaries or work life balance. My fear is that the future of work for most people is not unemployment, but shitty jobs like this. My feeling is that in order to avoid this and prosper, the people need to own the robots that do all the work (Marxism heyy). If robots provide huge productivity gains, then they will provide those gains for their owners. If it’s the big corporations that own them, they will see the gains. But as long as people are treated like machines, they will be left out of this prosperity. Instead, if the people own the machines collectively, then they can enjoy the productivity gains themselves as a group. What do you all think of this?