How big a scene is Vancouver for HN-type people? I'm thinking of basing my next startup either there or in Seattle, and presence of HN readers would be a positive factor for either. What area of town would be best for a 1-5 person startup office? I'm sort of torn between actual office space and just getting a really nice house or loft for live/work combo for the team. The only way they can do this (legally) without presenting a warrant involves a "National Security Letter", but even those need to go up before a secret court. Another win for redundancy in your hosting! Especially across jurisdictional boundaries. Hopefully the affected customers and service provider will be able to recover damages from business continuity insurance. (Shooting it out with federal agents who have arrived to perform and illegal search/seizure is a bad idea...) I think everyone (except maybe self-interested immigration lawyers) thinks the current system in the US is broken. I think there are two extremes, and the US is inconsistently taking pieces of each. In the United Arab Emirates (UAE, which contains Dubai, ...), there is a fairly open work visa policy for anyone with either enough capital ($50-100k) to set up his own business, or with a job offer paying at least $1-2k/mo for white collar positions (there is also the borderline-slavery $100-500/mo construction industry, but I think that is basically a separate issue). There is no pretense, outside banking and government, that local nationals need to be given first shot at a job. Then, you have countries with citizenship or permanent residency-track-only immigration programs. (I think Canada's program is like this, and some other commonwealth nations.) You don't NEED to become a PR or citizen if you qualify, but almost all work visas qualify toward the PR/C process. The main downside of the UAE system is that skilled people feel very little long-term attachment to the place. e.g. there are non-resident indian families who have lived for generations in UAE, but who are not permanent residents, although they control important businesses. The US has a weird hybrid system, where most green cards, allocated by country and with preference toward reuniting families, go to people who have external reasons to want to stay in the US permanently (family, where they came from was worse, etc), and are generally economically non-productive. We give temporary L1/H1B/etc. visas to the economically productive, disincenting them to stay long term. Basically, the US system is backward -- we should be trying to keep the people who are economically valuable, as they bring net value into the economy, and would allow us to increase the number of immigrants. We should have liberal short and medium term visit visas, etc. for family and tourist and other non-productive immigrants. This looks pretty good -- I'm not sure what kind of event I'd want in 5 years to exit from a bootstrapped company, but having more options is always great. The cynic in me thinks that Obama recognizes startups and small businesses will be the only bright points in the economy, so he wants to do something to make it appear he helped them, or possibly even was the primary reason for their success, by the time 2012 rolls around. However, wanting to be on the winning team isn't a bad thing in public policy. The actual tax code defines "PSC" professional services corporations as described in the above summary, so I assume the implementation of this policy will just exempt PSCs by name. I've been in Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003. There are a lot of issues with the way aid is distributed. The most successful parts of both places, the wireless networks and decentralized power systems, have been totally market driven, and actually hindered more by centralized efforts and regulation than helped. Somalia, where it is too dangerous and chaotic for aid agencies or telco regulators to operate, has cheaper Internet access and mobile calling than almost anywhere else in Africa or the developing world! Communications infrastructure (roads, signals/fiber/wireless, electrical grid) is one of the few areas where scale can be helpful. In Afghanistan there is a lot of money coming through the military to pay for a road network (with benefits to both the foreign militaries and the local economy; dual use technology at its best). Communications is basically wireless backed by satcom, with some microwave backbone and upcoming fiber, with microwave/fiber driven by military and government customers paying top dollar, then going out to connect up the cell systems. For $20/mo you can buy 3G service. One of the biggest issues in Afghanistan is that aside from the US Military, the other US funding agencies (primary US AID) have to operate through local contractors, and a rather inefficient process which leads to overpaying for everything, and thus not accomplishing enough concentrated change to be successful. The "Provincial Reconstruction Teams" are afraid to go out except with a huge military presence, and are pretty sheltered from everything, whereas I was riding around in an old pickup truck with a 9mm and no problems. Irrigation systems are probably the next thing to do after roads (the military has roads under control); these can be done for $5-12k each by local labor, and 20-30 systems per district, all in parallel -- or, you can pay $500k via US AID and get 1-2 systems done after 2 years. The US AID requirement to use local contractors is "trickle down economics" -- basically the hope is that paying an Afghan with political connections $500k to do work will lead to $500k staying in the local economy, paid in wages to other Afghan laborers, etc. It turns out it turns into the connected Afghan spending the same $5-10k to get the project done, and then buying $490k in real estate in Dubai or Canada. Government and government contracting is the opposite of the startup world in every way. Very few people seem to have done both. I'm much more excited by cheaper rents for residential real estate, or commercial to residential conversion. For an under 20 person startup, a suburban house is actually a pretty ideal office; the only potential problem is neighbors complaining about parking and high foot traffic. In low budget mode, most of the founders live AND work in the same house, but even later, using the house as an office with crash space, while founders live in other houses, works well. Plus, rentals on high-end houses are way under mortgage costs, and cheaper per square foot than commercial real estate. Most of the features people want in a great startup office (private workspaces and larger rooms, great kitchens and bathrooms, rest areas) are present in a house much more than an office. For a zero-stage startup, you have to sleep somewhere anyway, so pooling your housing costs and living together makes sense. And eliminating the commute is a big win. Las Vegas, with the large supply of high-end houses, 24x7 things to do, and NV's favorable state tax law, might be a great place for a startup. FIOS or metro fiber would be a big plus (or some kind of fixed wireless). The only way I'd take commercial real estate early on is if the business requires a lot of big dumb company client contacts, or if a commercial landlord were willing to take a convertible note or something as payment. I've seen a few angel investors who threw in use of a vacation home as office, too, which works great. There is a lot government can do to help, mainly by doing less: 1) Reverting bankruptcy laws to pre-2005 2) Health care availability for individuals (if I knew the perfect solution to US health care I'd be doing that as a startup, but some decoupling of employment and health care is key I think southern WA (Vancouver WA, etc.) is the best place to do a startup right now. There's a large population of highly qualified tech people in Portland, OR, but nowhere near enough local employment. Commuting from Portland to Vancouver is feasible, or people could live in WA and also get the income tax benefits, while having Portland's cultural advantages. Southern WA is also very inexpensive relative to the Seattle area, and the local counties are pro business. The only time Adblock Plus blocked something I wanted to see is when I was working for an advertising company and testing ads -- wondering why I didn't see any of them. Heh. I think an easier way to do this is for a forward-thinking hosting provider, colo, etc. in the bay area to offer discounted or free hosting to YC companies (free during the YC period, maybe not after); a few months of free hosting to have a shot at a successful site as customer would be more than worth it. (alternatively, convertible debt) Piggybacking on YC's selection process seems like a good business model in general. The way I've been doing something similar is to take deployed defense contracts which last 3-9 months at a time (Iraq, Afghanistan, etc.), and make enough during that period to live for the rest of the year (and a couple additional years). I've also been working on startup projects in my spare time, since I have good Internet connectivity while doing the day job. The "non-deployed" time can be spent traveling, or working full-time on any of the startup projects which have traction -- with the added benefit that I can provide my own financing up to a series A. Somehow I get more done on projects in early stages when they're "side projects", and this way I don't have to worry about my burn rate during early stages (since it's substantially negative). There are tax benefits ($91k/yr deduction) for being outside the USA 330 days/yr, so once you've done 200-250 days deployed as a contractor in a year, it makes sense to spend the balance outside the US as a tourist -- at a high marginal tax rate that's basically $30k, and I can live comfortably in Vancouver, Bali, New Zealand, Japan, etc. for a few months on way less than that. The #1 thing I've learned is to totally automate my "administrative life" -- I use a mail-scanning mail forwarder, autopay on all my bills, etc. When you travel a lot, it's easy to miss a credit card bill, and it can be a black mark on your credit for 7 years. The other nice thing is most of these contracts are "go home at night and not worry about it", vs. normal consulting where you can be called back at any time to fix something. And, the separation between dayjob and any personal projects is a lot easier in an admin/ops contract than in a developer dayjob. I think it would be even more fun to get a big farm/orchard/ranch with an old farmhouse, sheds, etc., and then bring in high speed fiber, cheap/sustainable utilities, and then put a bunch of 200-1200 square foot cabins in the less-productive, more-scenic parts of the property. Walkable community, private housing, cheap, and then big common areas for workspaces. GSM would allow it to be used in markets without EVDO, although Amazon would need to figure out some kind of roaming agreement, flatrate data pricing, etc. I use my Kindles (K1 and DX, I've seen other people with K2...I'll probably buy one myself for completeness) here in Afghanistan, and am probably going to set up a semi-pirate 1xRTT network, as USB gets old fast. The K1 only does EVDO (for which BTS gear is expensive), but the K2/DX do 1xRTT, so you can hack firmware on some of the consumer femtocells to remove GPS checks or spoof GPS. It's the "foreign earned income exclusion", and it's only the first $91k exempted from US tax (plus a housing allowance, with some restrictions). To get it, you need a "bona fide foreign residence" or 330 days/yr out of the US. I'm actually going to spend the last few months of 2009 on vacation, using the savings in taxes to pay for it, since I'll be out 9-10 months in 2009 just for work. The first 91k is basically 18k in taxes at current rates. They unfortunately changed it from LAST 91k (i.e. the income at your highest marginal rate, easily 33% or 35%) in 2006, at the same time as making it inflation adjusted). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_earned_income_exclusion I've been a customer of the technology company behind this for a year ("Earth Class Mail"), and love their service -- scanning postal email is the equivalent for me of google voice transcribing voicemails. I have used mail forwarders for about 12 years now -- starting when I was in the caribbean to do electronic cash development and it took ~6 weeks for mail to get to me, then when I lived on a tiny artificial island off the coast of the UK (Sealand/HavenCo), then with the military at APO/FPO around the world, and other remote sites. Just forwarding mail adds one level of indirection, which is nice, but being able to scan/email or scan/portal the mail is the killer app -- often forwarding is high cost, high latency, and 90% of mail doesn't need to be forwarded, or if viewed first, can be forwarded with much less time sensitivity. Plus, there are a lot of vendors who ship none (or only some) of their products to APO/FPO/overseas, so being able to reship packages is great. (there's also the whole cover order issue; basically traffic analysis for mail, without a warrant. Using multiple jurisdictions for this kind of thing might help, but it is irrelevant to many users) Postal remailers are also great in that they let tiny startups have 24x7 mail coverage, let you appear to be local to a given market, etc. The combination of postal remailers and something like google voice is great for a distributed, small enterprise. Setting up your own reseller through opensrs. Go, but don't use the wifi, or swim in the pools unless you've had ALL your shots. Just auctioning off green cards to people who meet basic requirements (background checks, English fluency) seems to be the fairest way to allocate a scarce resource. I'm not sure if residency (or even citizenship) is naturally or artificially scarce; I don't think rich retirees, or smart entrepreneurs, lower the quality of life for existing citizens, but an argument could possibly be made that lower skill employees might increase supply and thus depress wages for certain categories of labor (especially positions with an inelastic demand). I would certainly prefer 100k immigration slots going to 100k predominantly indian and chinese engineers than 10k indian engineers, 10k chinese engineers, and 80k family members of existing immigrants from around the world of varying education, skill, and wealth. I dropped out of MIT due to money -- I'd received no financial aid and no other assistance, and couldn't get loans (since I was under 18); I tried working and consulting to pay, but ended up about $50k behind in "late tuition payments". I had turned down full honors scholarships to other schools, mainly because I really wanted to go to MIT. Luckily this was 1998 and I left to go start a crypto ecash startup in the Caribbean, first of several startups. I think 1 semester in a top school, then dropping out to do startups, might be a better education than enduring 4 years without really doing anything special. That said, I wish I had been able to complete a degree; I am 30 now and sometimes think about ether going back full-time to MIT, or doing a UK MBA, or taking classes at another school and then either finishing there or returning to MIT. In retrospect, ROTC might have been the best option, but there were a few specific reasons I didn't do it at the time. Actually, there are LOTS of classes and tests on what constitutes the law of land warfare, competent authority, etc. in the military -- way better than anything at MIT or Harvard that I encountered. Yes, these are simplified for junior enlisted personnel ("do this, don't do that", vs. why), but for officers and NCOs it probably goes far beyond what anyone in civilian government, outside the judiciary, thinks about. Having been in multiple combat zones, I think the US military errs too much on the side of legalism. I actually think the US Government, and especially the military, is the wrong tool for counter-insurgency -- there are a lot of people who just need to disappear, or die colorfully, and it would be better if doing so didn't hurt the image of the US. (I say this as a libertarian atheist...) Most of the "rah rah usa usa!" people are not in the military. I use an Aeron; I actually found this one for free, but in the past I've bought used for $250-350. I did actually buy a new aeron once, and then had it air-freighted for $300...and it was entirely worthwhile, sitting in it 15h/day, 7 days a week, for a year or two, and then selling it for the price I paid. (relatively inexpensive) capital goods like chairs, good IPS LCD panels (3 x 24, or 1 x 30), laptops, etc. I'm quite comfortable spending money on, as long as I need them, and get a great price -- it's really only consumables and recurring costs I try to minimize whenever possible. And even there, I am more than 5-10x as good at bringing in revenue when I have $5-25 meals vs. ramen or beans, so false economy is false. I hate dial-in meetings (even a single dial-in can ruin a meeting, unless he is totally ignored). I hate almost all video conferences. I also hate unnecessary travel. (I've been stuck doing 4 voice conferences/week with people on very bad DSN phones on multiple continents, using substandard audio bridges, and with inconsistent use of "mute" -- 50% of the time is wasted on introductions of who is speaking, "oh, can you repeat that", etc.) The least-bad meetings I've found are on IRC -- especially if there is technical content to be discussed. I would make "is comfortable having meetings on IRC or one on one discussions in IM" a firm requirement for anyone in a startup. I think a bunch of "social" meetings, dinners, etc., combined with "real meetings" on IRC where remote people can participate as first-class attendees, is the best. Wave actually looks like it might be even better than IRC. Chile seems like a great place to live while working on a foreign startup (located in another, zero-tax jurisdiction). As a non-citizen tourist in the country, you'd pay no income tax locally. I'd far prefer to live in Chile than the zero-tax places (UAE, Panama, etc.) Of course, a totally virtualized business could be run from basically anywhere on the same terms. Find someone in SF looking for a roommate? (I just moved back to SOMA from Afghanistan and am moving into a huge commercial space live/work with someone and one empty spot, starting in January) The normal way to solve this in government and big dumb companies (which issue RFPs) is to have one domain-specific expert firm awarded an RFP management contract, recusing itself from the actual implementation contract, which then specifies what will be in the RFP. Judging the proposals is a combination of the client and process-management contractor, and in some, the management contract manages the ongoing relationship with the contractor as well. It's inefficient for best case (you have 2 contracts instead of one), but solves a lot of worst-case problems (bribery or incompetence leading to a rigged bidding process, companies awarding themselves contracts, or buying a perfect but wrong thing). I'm not sure of the background of the author, but RFPs are standard in a lot of domains. I'd join the military, as long as you have non-financial reasons to do so. Then, you have a bunch of options -- get out after your contract, go reserves/ng, or retire after 20 and have a second career. I'd rather see more efforts to bring women into the top of the startup funnel, vs. singling them out later on if they become successful. There is some value in having good examples of successful women in entrepreneurship in convincing more women that they should consider it, but I think "this person in my graduate department launched a startup" is probably more significant (regardless of gender) than "a famous woman startup founder and CEO exits, although I've never met her". women 2.0 actually does a pretty good job with other programs to try to bring qualified women into the startup world (partnership with Founder Institute, various meetups, etc.). I think the most valuable thing would be attracting more women into college entrepreneurship clubs, entrepreneurial classes in undergraduate and MBA programs, and in non-startups, encouraging them to take responsibility to project/product management on products which may become spinouts or startups. Launch one of 3 projects as an actual startup, quit dayjob. 1) infrastructure/platform related to security 2) hardware device with social network features 3) consumer-focused webapp in data aggregation/presentation I've spent the last couple months since getting back from Afghanistan working on all 3 at early stages, finding potential cofounders, clients, funding, etc., and am pretty much at the decision point. Should be going full-time with one of them in January (I need to hit a vesting cliff of 12-31-2009 before doing so, counting down the hours...) I would really like it, especially if it defaulted to "off", and you could set certain account age, karma, or karma-per-last-timeperiod thresholds for people to contact you. Even if messages just got forwarded on to email vs. a mailbox on the site. Being a low cost producer is a great survival strategy, even for a new entrant. Walmart, Amazon, and PC vs. Minicomputer are good examples. You can either use your cost advantage to undercut prices profitably, or use your large margins to outspend on R&D, marketing, etc. Selling at low prices given the same cost structure is not a good survival strategy. "We lose money on every unit but we'll make it up on volume!" I guess I'm alone in hoping for a Nehalem-based Macbook Pro revision (I really want a 17" WUXGA MBP with an i7 CPU to replace a MBP 3,1 15") Ronald Coase (one of the top 10 economists ever) has a paper about this: firm size is related to factors including communication complexity. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nature_of_the_Firm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ronald_Coase There are big problems I'd like to solve (cheap space launch optimized for LEO satellite constellations, nuclear power), but since firm size for those problems right now is high, I'd rather work on less-interesting problems which can be more readily addressed by startups, at least until technology advances to let 1) $200k is pretty weak, even for today (it's gone downhill overall). If you can get a secret (basically, us citizen and not a felon), and have decent tech skills, you should be at $200-350k. 2) It's not tax free. The FIRST ~$85k is tax-exempt, which saves you about 18k. You then pay taxes at the normal 27-36% rates above that. My win s that I don't have an apartment back in the US, so my only expenses while here are car payment, storage, and server colo. 3) Big difference in quality of life throughout the country -- if you're on base at Balad or Victory it's basically like living in a small town in the US. If you're out in a Bn or smaller unit on an iraqi army base, or out in the city, it's a lot different. I've done a variety. 4) If you've never been in the military or had contact with it, I'd do it for a year just for the experience -- it's actually something I think everyone should do for a couple years. The biggest downsides for me: 1) I gained about 20 pounds last year in Afghanistan living on Bagram, due to the shitty but high-calorie carb-laden food. 2) Generally, working for government is the anti-startup. You are specifically instructed not to take any initiative, everything is more concerned about process than results, etc. Actual combat is different, but there is no real combat in Iraq or Kuwait now, and in Afghanistan it is unlikely a contractor involved in direct combat support would be posting like this on hackernews. (If I could get a job where I got to put bullets into bad guys 12-24h/day, I'd do it for $20k/yr, but aside from joining a government agency or the military, it would be difficult to find a contractor in 2010 who does this ... blackwater/triple canopy/etc. etc back in 2003-2005 were about the only ones) 3) There is no firm end date. I did this for 6 months just to see what it would be like, and have wasted about 4 of the past 5 years in the sandbox. I'm planning to leave in a few months to work on a startup of my own in the USA again (maybe YC 2010 Summer!), using some of my experiences from here, but it's totally possible to keep doing this indefinitely. 4) The war is definitely winding down, so pay, upward mobility, etc. continue to decrease 5) People in the defense industry are NOT like startup people -- there are huge amounts of fraud, backstabbing, incompetence, etc. Startup deals for $50m can be done on a handshake; here you need lawyers, contracts, audits, etc. or you will get fucked. Heh, that article was written about me by my friend Jon! It's not really very realistic for 2010 working for a big contractor, in 2005 things were in flux and I ran my own tiny company. Also, people here do not realize: An IT contractor (presumably for ITT, at that low salary) is working at a helpdesk on a big base. The contact with locals is almost zero. You'll encounter a lot of interesting third country nationals (filipinos, indians, etc.) working on base, but that's about it. Mainly, you will be dealing with other Americans (military or contractor. It's basically the most boring helpdesk job possible in a boring environment. The "contact with local culture" is "local vendor sets up a shop on base selling overpriced carpets and camel figurines". If you just want contact with an exotic culture, go backpacking in India/Nepal/Indonesia/etc. The only reason for defense contracting in 2010 is money, and "seeing what the military is like up close" (I thought it was much more homogenous and omnipotent than it turned out to be. I'm not sure if I like it more or less now) On security in 2010: 1) Afghanistan can still be dangerous. The risk for a trigger puller/door kicker is very high, but for an IT contractor it's about the same as riding a motorcycle 50-100mi/day in Seattle. 2) Iraq is actually safer (on base, for IT contractors) than living in a lot of big but not especially nice cities. The biggest risk is honestly chronic health conditions (like a heart attack) or people having emotional/relationship/etc. issues and self-inflicted injury. 3) Kuwait is INSANE. Specifically, driving off-base is insane. I drive about 2-3h/day between US bases, and see one obviously-fatal motor vehicle accident on the highways every day. The only time in my life I've ever done CPR and treated arterial bleeding (I'm an IT guy, not a doctor!) was responding to a Kuwaiti on Kuwaiti vehicle accident a couple years ago. I'd say the risk is about the same as riding 50-100 miles/day on a motorcycle, drunk, in a not-especially-motorcycle-friendly city. 4) Qatar is like Kuwait only safer. 5) Bahrain is safer than Kuwait and fun, except on Thursday/Friday when lots of drunk Saudi weekend guys show up, turning it into Kuwait-level danger. There are lots of reasons to do or not do this, but safety is basically not an issue (except if you're driving between bases in Kuwait, which people don't really do) check out the big defense contractors: ITT General Dynamics Dyncorp KBR/Halliburton L-3 General Atomics CACI Basically, if you want to be doing something decent, make sure you can get at least secret (not a felon, a US citizen), be vaguely professional and competent (certs are a plus, like CISA/CISSP/CCDP), and familiar with the technologies they want (it's a big crappy AD/MS network, but there's also a lot of IP stuff). There is a pretty wide gap between the actual bad guys who must be killed (Al Qaeda, other transnational terrorist groups, and the hard core of the insurgencies in many countries..the people who go around blowing up schools, chopping off hands of those who vote, etc.), and the majority of the enemy (who are purely mercenary foot soldiers, or common/pretty criminals, or some kind of tribal/ethnic group). The ideal outcome is to separate the really bad guys and let tier-1 US units go after them (kill or capture; with kill being the most common outcome), while using politics and economics to reduce the number of the second category, convert them into either peaceful civilians or members of the security establishment in the country, etc. Saddam, Uday, Qusay, and the other leaders: kill or capture Top-level baathists: prosecute using local courts Iraqi soldiers, local tribal militias, etc.: Bring them into the IP/IA/etc. That's been the (successful) strategy since ~2006. (I was actually AGAINST the Iraq war, because it was a distraction from going after Al Qaeda globally) There's also preference for small businesses, service related disability, veteran, etc. on certain contracts. I'd like to see female and minority preference phased out over time (which it is) due to their success in the overall marketplace, but at present I can see some benefit to keeping preference. The biggest problem I have with defense contracting is that the people in the contracting office often are not subject matter experts in what they buy. This is less true with vehicles, pencils, etc. It is particularly true with IT. I'm not very familiar with the huge weapons systems purchases -- those are probably subject to a lot of other factors since there are only a few firms who can compete. Part of this is due to the general government skills shortage in IT, but more that the top IT people tend to remain in operational roles, vs. going over to contracting. The problems happen at the requirements phase -- government asking for very specific terms which exclude functional products, e.g. specifying file formats, number and type of hardware, etc. Sometimes this is for integration with existing government equipment, but more often it is because whoever specified the contract doesn't understand the set of possible solutions. In a lot of cases, too, a 95% solution that is COTS (and thus has less schedule risk, lower cost, etc.) is superior to a 100% solution which has to be custom built. They HAVE gotten a lot better at this in the 1990s and 2000s. Part of the problem is an essentially limitless budget. I actually wonder the same thing sometimes -- I'm 30, went to MIT from age 16-18 but dropped out due to lack of money, went to found a few startups, and am now doing defense contracting (for another few months). When I get back, I am trying to decide what to do -- mainly a startup full time, or a startup/consulting part time plus going back to school (presumably either MIT or UW, maybe Stanford). I'd probably do aero engineering at UW, or nuke or biomed or mech eng at MIT, and then would do a startup in those fields. The main benefits I see for a degree at 30, when one is already pretty well established in the work force, are access to grad school, and foreign visa apps. While I could certainly learn useful CS in an academic program at this point, I think I'm able to learn on my own about as efficiently by now -- however, that's less true for a new field. From a purely financial standpoint it is probably a bad idea; 2-4 years of lost earnings, plus direct costs. At 18, I would almost definitely do college (actually, I'd probably take 1-2 years off and THEN do school, and try to do a program which had a lot of coop/work experience). If nothing else, avoiding going into the job market for 2010-2014 is worth it. I drive even when I live in San Francisco. A (nice) car costs about $1k/mo to keep in SF (parking, registration, insurance, payment) before the first mile driven, but it is how I would spend my marginal $1k at $5k/mo. 1) I need 24x7 access to datacenters, some of which are in super sketchy parts of town (200 Paul, in HP) or are in the South Bay. A taxi might be an option, but a couple $200 taxi rides per month, plus an hour of waiting, would be a real pain. 2) I enjoy going on long trips, by land, with minimal planning. Rental cars are more cost effective with depreciation, but I like having a familiar car, very well maintained, and keeping my firearms/EMT kit/etc. pre-positioned in the vehicle. I'd consider flying, but my circle of equal pain makes driving to LA a 100%, and driving to vegas kind of borderline. I drive to Portland or Seattle even. Avoiding the hassle of the airport, more cargo capacity, and having a familiar vehicle on the other end, all add up. 3) Shooting sports. Going to a shooting range with a long-arm on public transit is a no-go :) Also, try taking 50 pounds of ammo on the bus. 4) Grocery shopping and other routine chores -- zipcar could accomplish a lot of this (and I have zipcared a pickup truck a few times, although their maintenance leaves a lot to be desired) 5) I love cars and driving, although not so much in SF itself. Parking in SF largely makes driving in SF unpleasant. 6) I enjoy having more stuff with me than I can comfortably carry, and the car serves as a portable locker. Having a spare laptop battery, paper, cases of bottled water, etc. a quick trip to the car away is nice. Plus, while it's slightly paranoid, having a vehicle with emergency supplies nearby, and a means of travel, radio, power source, etc. is reassuring -- if there were an earthquake or other disaster, there's a limit to what survival supplies I might have on my person, but my car is good for 96h. If I were commuting between SFO and SEA a lot, I'd probably buy a second car and keep one on each end, just to avoid needing public transit. (and someday I'd go for a plane!) None of this would be solved by a plush seat (like 1st class) or lack of crazy people and urine smell (like cabs vs. muni). I am probably an outlier in the combination of these, but not on each individual point. I do try to avoid needing a long daily commute, either through wfh or living near the office, so I can keep the car parked and walk to/from the office. Still, I'd prefer a 10 minute drive to a 60-90 minute muni/bart/caltrain adventure to get to/from the office! I met some of the Willow Garage people at SHDH a couple months ago -- they are pretty awesome, even compared to startups. I remember they were looking for a great python developer at the time. I love seeing the hardware part of robotics abstracted away so people who are better at software can build on top of that, sharing code, rather than everyone making their own hardware platform THEN software. I also dropped out of high school (and never bothered to get a GED; I went to college for a while and then dropped out to do a startup, so I've ended up with neither diploma). It's kind of fun being able to put "high school dropout" on forms, while not being a deadbeat. I was 16. MIT doesn't really care about high school diplomas. I'd already done 1580/1600 SAT and had a grad student and associate prof at MIT write letters of recommendation based on performance in a summer program (social engineering...) My current favorite for "productive work machines" vs. games/movies is 3 portrait-mode 1200x1920 monitors. These need to be thin-bezel, and IPS panel, so they have decent vertical (now horizontal) viewing angles -- Dell U2410 work great. I could deal with higher resolution, but that physical angle works great at arms length, keeping everything in the mostly-focus area. I usually keep a laptop off to the side for non-work communications tasks, out of my direct view, and ideally have another screen or two some distance away for alerts/uptime/etc. or external news. I still use a single 30" Dell when I am using a laptop which can only drive one monitor, and a single 1920x1200 dispay (or even a 1080p display, like a 55" LCD) when the primary output is video/gaming. I did FI Bay Area Winter 2009 (but dropped out midway through because I had to go to the middle east for dayjob, and couldn't quit dayjob without seriously screwing over a coworker). I may do FI again (they let you go on to the next session if you drop out), and I would definitely suggest FI to anyone looking for that kind of program. Adeo is great, and many of the mentors are awesome. As a direct comparison for launching a product, YC is better than FI because it's full-time vs. part time, but FI is great. However, getting into FI and going along for 2 months might make it more attractive to stay, having invested those 2 months. FI is also a little more about the business, YC is more about the product -- FI would actually be even better as a follow-on to a YC semester. I would probably go ahead and do FI as a learning experience, then evaluate when YC responds to you whether you should drop out or not. (answer would probably be yes, but this is the first semester for FI Paris and it might be amazing) If you wanted to actually relocate to the bay area, YC or FI Bay Area would probably be more valuable than FI Paris, since the mentors/angels in the Paris program are probably going to be European. That would be my biggest factor in deciding. I did the Bay Area Winter 2009 program (although I dropped out halfway through for dayjob emergency; I may go back for Summer 2010). FI is great for several reasons: 1) It focuses more on developing entrepreneurs, vs. necessarily companies. The requirement that you incorporate to graduate is kind of at odds with this, but definitely the curriculum for the first half of the program is compatible with coming up with an idea and launching it within the program. 2) It's compatible with having a day job during the program -- if you have good time management skills, you can keep the day job while attending FI, launching your company, and thus not have to worry about funding. This is a major differentiator vs. YC. 3) Some of the mentors (IMO Aaron Patzer, Jon Betts-Croix, Ram from A9, and some others) were fucking AMAZING. It's worth $600 just to see their sessions. 4) You have some chance of meeting great cofounders in the program -- I actually met a few people I'd be happy to work with, and have gone down the road to doing a startup with someone from the program. For the ideal training to do a startup (other than JFDI), I'd do an entrepreneurship program in undergrad (e.g. MIT E-Club, 100k contest), then something like YC to build a product, and Founder Institute to learn about the nuts and bolts of running a company, possibly interspersed with time spent working at either startups or funded former-startups. This isn't a great opportunity: 1) There are tools to let you stream to airport extremes, e.g. Airfoil. 2) Competing on price is fail. Competing on a fundamental COST differential is sometimes win, assuming the incumbents aren't willing to lower prices to force you out. There is a difference. You surely won't be buying DACs and such cheaper than Sonos, so your only way to be cheaper is to accept lower margins. You could maybe carve out a tiny niche at a lower price such that it is not worth it for Sonos to lower their own prices (for fear of lowering their total profits), but I know I would rather be Sonos selling at $800 than a competitor selling a smaller volume at $250. 3) A $50 BOM is probably a $250 product. Also, in hardware, going from $50 BOM to $150 BOM (or, going to ipod-level volumes) lets you buy MUCH better DACs and such. Plus, industrial design. The only opportunity I see is for an "embeddable sonos standard" where you actually eliminate the device entirely, and are built into AVR or TV. However, that is a lot easier for a big CES vendor than a startup. Or, something Sonos themselves could do. Competing just on price (within a fairly narrow window, like less than 10x) seems like a fail. $100 BOM turns into a $200-300 product. If a $300 product came out, Sonos could easily come out with a feature-reduced version of their product. Usually I see the start date for 4 years for founder vesting back-dated to start when the people actually started working on the project, not necessarily from taking funding or even incorporation. The product would need to be sold in retail to actually reach most customers, so your $40 BOM is going to be a $100 product (with your per unit costs like assembly, test, packaging, shippng) and then a $200+ product at retail. The challenge is the squeeze from airfoil, roll your own, or just moving your ipod into the other room on the low end, and Sonos on the high end. Sonos can always drop their pricing and produce a Sonos Lite for $250 if you become a threat. Unless you come up with a fundamentally cheaper way to do something, it's hard to justify doing a startup. A fundamentally cheaper way in this case is selling Airfoil -- their marginal cost is $0. They can be more profitable selling Airfoil for $10 than you would be selling AlmostSonosLite for $200. The other problem is user adoption and marketing -- the set of potential users for this is pretty small, relative to the overall consumer electronics market. Convincing people they actually need this is going to be very hard. The main use cases I see for wireless speakers are wireless rears in an HT system to avoid running cable, and temporary setups in large spaces (like at a party outdoors). The core Sonos use case, listening to a central repository of music or HT audio in multiple rooms, seems rather specialized, and a lot of the potential customers would value the higher audio quality and polish of the sonos system enough to pay for it. If you're not going to put good speakers + amp in each room, having a good quality portable system (like a dock for an ipod) seems like the standard solution. The biggest indicator that this is a soft market is that Sonos hasn't sold a huge volume in 6 years, even adjusting huge volume for their pricing being kind of high. Fundamentally bayesian antispam, netflix, and amazon all win because they generate recommendations as a side effect of user actions (ideally "what they buy/watch", but even just marking things with stars or tags). Hunch is a failure because it tries to get users to explicitly generate recommendations. Humans are unreliable self-reporters. I think a domain expert can be a stronger founder than a programmer, if it's the right kind of domain. You either need to know what needs to be built, or how to build it, to have a chance (ideally, you'd know both) I'll bet with 99% certainty a non-programmer cannot run a successful programming tool startup, though :) This is going to hurt startups. (the health care part is theoretically nice, but offset by the tax implications) Short-term capital gains will be 15% (Fed) + 5% (Fed Increase in 2011) + 3.8% (this) + 10.3% (California). 34.1% capital gains! This does not compare favorably to anywhere else in the world. For a CA startup founder, capital gains are going to be 1.5-3x higher than most countries. This is an issue primarily because (half?) of US startups are founded by immigrants. At some point, it becomes more attractive for an immigrant to go to Vancouver, BC (21.5% tax rate, much easier immigration process, better quality of life than SFBA) or even to remain in India or China. The tax advantages might also push for Hong Kong or Singapore startups, with 0% capital gains and very low income tax. A big number minus 34.1% is still better for an exit than a much smaller number minus a small percentage, but California is definitely not the only place to do a startup. I think the combined CA + US tax burden might reduce marginal angel investments. It probably won't affect VC investments, but doubling my tax burden on a win means I'd need to double the odds of a win, or the size of the wins, and that might not be feasible as an angel, who could otherwise spend the money on a new boat. I am unconvinced the health care result of this will be good enough for someone with a family to be comfortable going on relatively inexpensive insurance. As a healthy, single, 20-40 year old guy with no risk of children, I'm fine with an $80/mo catastrophic plan, and I suspect a lot of people starting startups are the same, or have health care from a spouse's job. A single parent is not in a great position to do a startup for a lot of reasons, and someone with a lot of chronic health issues requiring expensive medical care probably isn't either. The status quo of health care definitely retards entrepreneurship. Increased taxes also retard entrepreneurship (in a historically well documented way, although maybe the effect between 15-23.8% isn't a well tested range). I am not sure which has a larger effect here. I definitely would like to see some health insurance changes, just not the ones in this bill, and not by taxing capital to pay for services to individuals. Actually reducing costs would be my #1 approach -- politically unpopular, but I'd be fine with subsidized or free basic care for everyone, but no free advanced care for those without private insurance. Private insurance purchased by individuals, with or without a tax deduction, and totally decoupled from employers. I sent you long email describing. Basically I'd like to see public subsidized or free health care at the NHS level (i.e. kind of crap, but good enough), with available free relatively-unregulated private insurance and private care. I figure it would cost $1-2k/person/yr for the public side (excluding old people in medicare, which is another huge problem), which is a lot less than is spent now covering marginally insured people, overhead of medicaid, etc. I'd get employers totally out of the insurance game. This is politically unpopular (some people WILL get lower quality free care under this plan than they get today, and some people might get lower quality care than under employer-provided care, if they choose to spend the savings on something else like food or education, which might be rational!) Also, I think the US Government is possibly more incompetent in running healthcare (I work in DoD healthcare, so I see this firsthand...) than the UK or Canadians or French. Indeed, USAA is great. They're also the least-bad insurance option. Some of the other service-related credit unions (Navy Federal, Pentagon Federal, Tower Federal (NSA)) are pretty decent too. I live in Seattle (except I am in Kuwait) WA kind of sucks for tech businesses due to the B&O tax, which is a gross receipts tax. This doesn't hurt you until you have revenue, but if you're a low-margin business with huge revenue, it means you suffer, even if you're not profitable. (it's something like 0.5% on gross revenue). NV is probably the best somewhat-viable-for-startup state (Las Vegas or Reno), but I'd rather live in Seattle, Portland, or SF if in the USA. I kind of prefer Vancouver, WA for a tech startup, too, because then you can take advantage of the huge unemployed market of early-20s developers who moved to Portland, OR for lifestyle reasons, plus all the HP/Intel/etc. talent. There are a lot of factors other than taxes which affect an individual startup, but taxes affect new business creation in aggregate. This is great news -- I think Europe is fertile ground for doing startups. Europe only has one fundamental disadvantage for startups -- that there aren't a lot of startups yet. Three factors: 1) European employment regulations: which largely wouldn't apply in a tiny startup, or could be circumvented through use of contractors. This is the one area where government could have a positive impact. 2) Lack of investors -- there are a few great ones (Index, Atomico, Seedcamp) but there isn't a huge pool of medium-good firms to pitch, or to syndicate on deals. Even bigger, there aren't anywhere near as many tech angels as NYC or Austin, to say nothing of SFBA. The solution is to have more successful exits like Skype. 3) Lack of entrepreneurial education in colleges or programs -- Founder Institute, Seedcamp, and a few others are changing these. I'd love to see European universities focus on startups. I'm planning to go full-time on a startup this summer, and would definitely do it in Europe (Berlin, Scandinavia, Netherlands, Poland, or the Baltics) or Canada if I could get financing and visas, rather than the US. It's going to be a lot easier to recruit top talent from India/China based on easier visas, and even though it might be easier in SFBA, I think the marginal extra startup in SF will have a harder time getting the top 5 people than the marginal extra startup in Europe, since there's less competition. LT Capital Gains are taxed at 34.1% in California once this bill passes. 15% + 5% 2010 increase + 9.3% CA + 1% CA Mental Health + 3.8% Health Care capital gains. ST Capital Gains will be taxed at 39.6% top income bracket + 5% surcharge + 9.3% + 1% + 3.8% once this bill passes. 58.7%. (A $20m sale of a startup in less than 12 months start to finish is kind of unrealistic, but you could easily be a mezzanine investor, or could have operated a business for a long time before formally doing stock, so it is possible, if not likely for an actual entrepreneur) The correct thing in both of these cases is probably to hold and write options or something against stock, to avoid realizing the gain, and hope that somehow tax rates rationalize in the future. 20-25% all-in capital gains is probably the limit before it seriously disincents investment. Taubes explains this (sort of) by explaining that fructose goes straight to the liver, thus not contributing to glycemic index, but doing something to the liver related to insulin to make fat cells more likely to uptake the glucose in the blood. The science isn't fully understood, but it is definitely testable. I like starting companies in general because I like: * seeing direct effects from what I do (it's like a game!) * freedom and responsibility to make important decisions, not filling in TPS reports all day * Expressing opinions about what technologies are useful (because they solve problems efficiently), and solving important problems with those technologies * working with people who feel the same way (employees + customers) I am starting my next company (#3) (full-time this summer) because I'd like to see cloud computing/virtualized infrastructure made (more) secure, and applied to hard problems. I'd rather live in a world with this technology. I'm willing to give up fairly comfortable 200-400k/yr. I believe the expected value per year at the startup exceeds that, but that isn't really a factor in my decision. I'd do it for free and wait tables to pay the rent. Doing a startup only because you want the end result (exit) seems like a way to be miserable for most of your life. I agree -- and it's amazing how bad the existing software is. (I work in this field). It would be a great place to do a startup (there are a bunch of niches which could easily support multiple companies) -- it's mainly implementing open but antiquated specs from the late 1980s, doing interop testing with existing vendors, and being able to go through the long sales cycle. You would want some MDs on the team, which makes it kind of expensive (young MDs need to pay off their schooling, and older ones would be giving up profitable jobs). The $40-80k per EHR thing is a big market opportunity. I work with DICOM more than HL7. DICOM is very frustrating, especially because the task it tries to solve could be so easily done. I think DICOM-related products (an open stack for equipment vendors, various PACS and other tools, etc.) would be easy projects to get to baseline. That is more true for EHR than for a lot of the more specialized systems in radiology, pharmacy, lab, etc. For those, it's much more clearly a CS problem, with a UI component, and then some interaction with existing crappy systems (mainly the EHR). The EHR itself is the black hole of suck. It almost always ends up being like an ERP package, with either an off the shelf package (e.g. SAP) where the workflow is changed to accomodate the package, or a semi-custom consulting product built around specific workflow. Luckily, the more specialized stuff is actually vastly simpler. Yeah, it is nice to be able to work on something where you can be at a party and someone mentions a motorcycle accident or something, and you can point out how the product you work on was involved in saving his life. More meaningful than yet another social network game. I heard this was about $500k in additional cost and maybe +6mo, starting from a reasonable technical basis, which doesn't seem that bad. There's also the "sell it outside the USA, then sell inside the USA" model. Most of the justification for a doctor's prescription for routine is that the doctor will catch drug interactions, side effects, or changes in the disease. This is pretty bogus given automated testing and the really minimal level of interaction the doctor has with the patient on most followup visits. A lot of it is also to shield from liability. I can sort of buy an argument for NP or MD prescribing initial medication, but cheap testing should allow followup care to be much better and cheaper (send a complete blood panel, urinalysis, and basic info to the doctor over the internet every week, from home, etc.) The current "doc in a box" style clinic (largely to get around prescribing requirements) is doing more to provide affordable access to health care than anything in the new health care bill. Molecular gastronomy would be a fun thing to try at one of the hacker spaces (hacker dojo, noisebridge, ...) (or just one well-equipped kitchen). Several cooking techniques (e.g. sous vide) use some interesting electronics and control systems, combined with chemistry. I've also seen some traditional techniques/foods (smoker for pulled pork) augmented with monitoring systems (it posts to twitter when ready). Switching food distribution from "ship finished packaged processed product to end user for consumption" to "query local ingredients, do local processing in a semi-automated fashion, profit" would be interesting. If you could make the tools smarter, and give step by step instructions and instant feedback/correction if something goes wrong, cooking would be a lot easier, and more fun. (e.g. making a sauce, a camera could observe if it is too thin, and suggest a specific amount of cornstarch to add) Sort of like the "rock band" of cooking. I still am confused by the WikiLeaks budget request -- $200k minimum exclusive of salaries per year just to keep the lights on? $600k with a couple salaries? JYA did this with cryptome for YEARS as a hobby. The only real value they provide is the anonymization of submissions -- there are technical ways to do this, but most people with information won't know about those technologies beforehand. Authenticating the information could be done with a cryptographic signature, possibly by an unknown signer. Operate on the "last 100 0-days signed by this key when initially published were good, #101 is probably good too" basis, to build a brand. The problem of maintaining a nice repository for the information is much much simpler, once it's already online. Google could do this for most data (just include a special string in the file), and for stuff google won't touch, there are plenty of people who would pass it around informally. This reminds me of routergod: http://www.routergod.com/ Fake celebrity essays/interviews about technical topics. I lived/worked in the Tenderloin and in the "bad part" of SoMA for a while, and have personally observed: * Club kid (homeless? probably not) shitting on the street, sheltered behind my car. 300 lumen flashlight beam and "what the fuck are you doing, get the fuck away from my car" and he ran off. I had to step over a pile of warm shit to enter my vehicle and drive away. * Multiple incidents of presumably-compensated sexual acts in alleyway, near the door to my apartment. * A double-homicide approximately 100' from my front door, which I happened to observe because I was looking out of my window onto the street at the time -- one of the victims ran around the entire block, leaving a blood trail, before expiring. Blood trail was not cleaned until mid-day. I am concerned about which cities you visit if you find SF streets to be some of the cleanest! Baghdad and Kabul are on par (more actual dirt, blood, and random limbs; less shit and used condoms) I still don't understand the hyperfocus on cost savings without looking to increasing income. For a startup, saving costs allows you more time to try to develop product-market fit and thus increase income. In the long run I'd far prefer a $10m revenue, $1m costs business to a $100k revenue, $10k costs business, assuming I have the same percentage ownership. Same thing with life -- if I can make much more money by living in a place like SF or NYC, it's more tempting than living in the midwest and making much less. iPods still cost the same in NYC and rural Iowa. One of the problems until recently with Ireland was massive inflation in salaries and housing costs. Even with low taxes, it's difficult for a startup to get started and grow there (sort of a victim of their own success). Hopefully now that real estate prices have dropped a bit, Ireland can grow more from productive things like startups vs. speculation. I have seen 150/hr corp to corp or 1099 for single-person developers. Time spent getting contracts, doing administration, etc. means you can't bill for 100% of your time, but you can definitely make 200-300k/yr pre-tax pre-expense if you work like a dog. Taxes in CA will cut that down to 100-150k net, so it is more like a 100-200k/yr job. Tupolevs aren't exactly the safest of planes, and I think the President flew a lot more hours than most people. Also, I wouldn't be surprised if there was pressure put on the aircrew to not divert from their schedule/destination, due to VIPs. I wouldn't rule out conspiracy theories, but I would definitely say there was a higher than baseline chance that the official story is what happened. I can't figure out which site he's talking about (I assumed eHarmony, but they don't seem to use "elite" as branding, and searching for elite dating brought up only escort agencies). If you can take the productivity hit to do this, I would be interested. My preferred format is kindle/iPad ebook of some kind, although PDF is fine too. I would pay up to $20/mo, but $5 would be more fair. (I figure I'd save 5-10 hours a month, with only some loss of quality). It's like methadone for a heroin addict. I'd also appreciate a hackernews-to-rss which actually embedded the body of the article AND the comments, which you could maybe do as a related service. If it were properly paginated to work well on various mobile devices, especially synced to work with no online connectivity during reading, it would be great. iPhone, Android, iPad, Kindle would be great targets. I think ignoring copyright is the way to go. A hackernews dating site would be amazing, except for the demographic problem of too many heterosexual males. My favorite sites so far for meeting people for dating have been flickr, chow, and dpreview. I suspect travel sites would also work pretty well. Attractive females in the 18-25 bracket are pursued by men in the 18-death age bracket, far more than 18-25 year old men are pursued by women in the 18-death age bracket. This leads to scarcity, and men use "rich", "high-status", "famous", etc. to differentiate themselves. Male competition for breeding rights is the bedrock of human civilization (and probably for animals too) I really have no idea why people are so afraid of them. Maybe I'm foolish, but compared to someone like Scientology, I doubt they're terribly effective at harassment. I posted their URL on the original blog in a comment. If they contact me, I'll probably post it widely and contact the EFF. (if they'd like to try some kind of extrajudicial methods, I hope they visit me at my office, behind the 3 machine-gun-armed checkpoints) Not really; the hassle of maintaining a hackintosh is high. (I've considered it). Your time should be worth the $650 or so. I would consider the W510 to be a closer analogue, too. In general I think the video adds nothing to the Mixergy interviews -- I wish there were a way to subscribe to mp3 only. Some kind of interview + screencast/demo would be vastly more interesting, but harder or impossible to do live. I also appreciate the snowball microphone Andrew bought, and wish his guests had similar quality setups (a few have, many have not). It would also be nice to use a better audio codec and better buffering. Thank you! I love mixergy; it's probably my third favorite online news source after hn and news.google.com; it just beats out economist and quora. How hard is it to set up a Vancouver startup independently, if you have 2-3 US citizens who want to relocate? Assume you have $100-200k of your own funding. Gaming the tax credits seems like it takes a bit of effort, but lowers the effective tax rate substantially below even Nevada. http://blog.bootuplabs.com/2010/04/14/wertz-joins-board-firs... I'm not really sure how I feel about this. It seems like they behaved pretty reasonably for a regular company, but as a fiduciary, they probably should have held off and not funded anyone without funds in the bank, vs. relying on a mid-term capital call. (I wonder who bailed on the capital call and why) After this, I would probably be reluctant to move to Vancouver based on their line of credit promise unless I could see the funds in escrow; a LoC of $100k should mean $100k in an account I control, with equity going to them based on how much I withdraw. If they were Sequoia I'd be willing to accept a promise, but clearly how they have demonstrated they have pretty limited resources. They at least seem fairly transparent about everything, so it's not dishonesty, merely bad judgment. I'm also curious why 4/7 were cut -- was it that they were mediocre teams/products that Wertz didn't want to fund, or was it just that you ran out of money in the bridge period? It seems unlikely to me the latter, or you would have tried to structure some kind of bridge (or asked the teams to do this themselves by not drawing on the line of credit, which seems to be your only marginal cash expense per team). How else would you pick which companies to keep vs. eject? I'm not trying to be a dick, but when you burn people (even unintentionally or with the best of intentions), it makes it harder for everyone else to do deals. It's pretty common for VCs to have the company being invested in pay for legal/research/etc. expenses out of the investment amount -- so you raise $500k and immediately pay $50k back to the VC for their costs. It's weirder here due to the small scale of investment relative to the costs, and the non-cash services, but not totally implausible. I could see someone smart investing a small amount purely for bizdev/dealflow. I like accelerators for two reasons: 1) Having a same-time-founded cohort of companies. Moral support, entertainment, and when ~80% of them fail, you can pick and choose assets (great developers) having great visibility into them. 2) I like the idea of accelerators for people with $0 and just out of college or high school, or who need structure. If I could give 5% of my company to give an accelerator a win (both in money upside and reputation), I'd do it, especially if I were in a third-tier city like Vancouver which deserves a second tier startup population. Are there any other incubators in Vancouver, ideally associated fairly directly with real (i.e. Silicon Valley, or at least Seattle) VCs? If someone wanted to do just the minimum legal/financial/admin overhead for startups (say, $500/mo tops), and either provide them with YC-levels of funding, or provide housing/office space for 4mo ($1-3k/mo/person, tops), it seems like a win. Investing $20k in each company for 5-15 companies would be a good investment in dealflow for a Vancouver or global focused VC. I think a Canadian funding entity investing directly could get around the crazy reporting requirements. Even if you were only 20% as good as YC, open immigration laws of Canada, and the Vancouver environment would probably be enough. Alternatively, a Vancouver franchise of Seedcamp or Founder Institute. (I saw I got voted down and should explain) I think the odds of failure at 50-80%, including my own company, and having a bunch of ready ways to re-deploy those people into other projects is good for EVERYONE -- the engineers can move to the most successful projects. If I worked on something for a year or two and it flopped, I'd love to go work at a startup I'd been following the whole time, rather than trying to find a regular job. I think SFBA in general is basically an incubator/accelerator, if you've been involved in one startup even as an engineer. Formal accelerators help a lot more in places where most of the people who want to do a startup have NOT yet worked for one. College would be the best example. If so, the only relevant question is what they will name the third independent incarnation of this service after Yahoo runs FourSquare into the ground, as Google did with Dodgeball. Destroying value with ill-conceived M&A is one area where Yahoo can beat Google! I was optimistic about IPS, since they seem to have found a supplier for the iPad. I still use a thinkpad T42p for the UXGA IPS 15" screen, although the 2GB RAM, Pentium M is kind of limiting. (it's no longer my primary machine; 15" 2008 MBP being upgraded to 17" MBP) Would you take the 15 HD now vs. the 17? There is a very small price delta, and the screen is definitely bigger and is even marginally higher dpi still, on the 17. The 17 is slim, if big, and has an ExpressCard slot (which is possibly a 64GB SSD if nothing else). I think the 30" ACD is even more at risk, since it has been unchanged in ~forever. It was released in June 2004! It seems vastly more likely to me that someone "arranged" to "lose" a phone ahead of time, to get it to Gizmodo with some kind of plausible deniability. Presumably also there are uniquely identifying IDs in the phone (IMEI, but for a dev phone maybe that is in flash), or just a limited number of these phones, so Apple can do inventory and find out who lost the device. At that point, extensive interviewing to make sure the loss was actually a loss. I was in Iraq when this happened. It is a fairly representative incident -- the only remarkable thing is that Reuters people were involved. There have been plenty of within-rules shootings which led to the deaths of civilians, but there were also plenty of situations where the rules hindered successful operations or even self-defense. It's a balancing act, and it's war, so it's choosing among least-bad options, with imperfect information. It's fair to criticize the Rules of Engagement as being overly hostile to civilians, and counter to the goal of winning and leaving. In Afghanistan, GEN McChrystal actually stopped a lot of effective tactics (night raids, airstikes, etc.) because they were counter to the strategy of winning the war by winning the populace. In Iraq, there were periods of intense kinetic violence (such as going into Baquba, Sadr city, Fallujah) combined with periods of reconstruction and trying to win the populace. I actually knew Julian Assange from running a remailer long before wikileaks, and he seemed like a pretty decent guy. I'm not sure what happened. I'm betting he/they felt marginalized and were trying to use this to raise their own profile. I support the general idea of transparency through third parties publishing information, but I can't support wikileaks. I have been having a lot of stupid caching behavior, too (I think I have a transparent cache between me and yc, and there doesn't seem to be an Expires header. Some article pages show me as logged out, or when I try to reply, I get deleted/expired link message. I don't think proceeding without "money in the bank" is THAT unusual for startups. There is a certain minimum buffer, but once an investor signs up, and paperwork/etc. is executed, most people would go ahead with signing leases for buildings, hiring, etc. with even only a few months more of cash on hand. Maybe you don't want your incubator/investor to behave like a startup, though. Phil Kaplan is the guy most associated with Blippy (and with the biggest reputation of the 3 people at Blippy from before Blippy). I'd consider his statement more meaningful than the CEO's. The other two blippy guys are mid-2000s graduates with 1-2 smaller projects to their names. Phil is non-CEO due to historical accident (I think he was CEO of adbrite still when blippy was launched and maybe it would have looked bad?). The main value would be in finding other accounts to attack (some of which might have known weak security). Also, if I stole a credit card, seeing what purchases someone has made in the past would let you make a larger number of future purchases without getting the card blocked. Hacking email account still seems to be one of the best rewards for lowest difficulty. pud is a very smart guy, and I actually think the blippy concept could be successful; I just don't like the implementation. I was thinking of doing a "sharing your amazon purchases" startup (as a way to give people advice about their own purchases; e.g. if you buy a printer, a laptop, etc., have a single place you can go to with info on your purchases -- stuff like where to get toner, owners manuals, repair services, etc.). Someone mentioned blippy, and I met him in person a few times at Founder Institute. Yeah, I still might build it (a friend of mine from FI was interested in it, but I had to go to war at short notice). It's still not the big project I want to work on though. Become an angel investor. Part of the value-add in your investments of money is your willingness to be a connector for portfolio. This list mostly just makes me sad. Assuming it is a proxy for demand, most of it is student loans, other consumer debt refinancing, or branded commercial Education(tm) which is unlikely to ever actually recover cost for the user. For-profit education/training, especially for "flashy" careers like cooking and art, basically seems like a scam. $20-40k/yr for a couple year to get a $30-50k/yr job? Really? Also doesn't seem to take into account income and capgains tax rates; for a single person making >120k that is a substantial cost savings on its own. I have a Kindle (bought 1 when it first came out, gave a 2 as a gift, now DX); plus kindle app on an ipod touch and on mac. iPad is enroute. Eagerly awaiting an Android app. I have about ~150 books paid for (maybe more? I see 10 pages with 15 items per page). 1-2 books per week are consumed, but I tend to buy 5-10 at a time. The iPad (which I've ordered but don't have yet) is heavier than the DX, and needs to be charged a lot more frequently (especially if you leave wireless off on the DX). I think that would take it from "book replacement" to "another phone-like device", where I need to worry about charging it every 1-2 days. My plan is to just carry both, though. How does the tax thing work if you build the business while in CA, but get the capital gain while a resident of another state? With US federal taxes, they actually tax you on the unrealized capital gain if you expatriate, but that's a much bigger change than changing state of residency within the US. Somehow, hackernews handles certain transparent caches badly -- it's the only site I use which has a problem. I'm in Kuwait, unlike 100% of the other hackernews users, and can work around it using a proxy, but periodically I show as logged out, or expired link, or wrong user. Very few parts of guns require high-end machining and materials (barrels, specifically, are difficult/expensive). These are also not particularly highly controlled -- the barrel for a rifle can easily be repurposed as the barrel for a machine gun. (A badly made barrel could be totally usable for a combat weapon; it just wouldn't last for 100 years and put a bullet into a palm sized group at 500m) Receivers are historically the one part of a firearm which are considered to be "the firearm", and are not subject to particularly high stresses, especially on the AR-15 design. They can be machined by relatively incompetent people from aluminum, or made from plastic (Cav Arms sold these commercially for a while). Guns just aren't that hard to make. The hardest parts of firearms to produce clandestinely are powder and primers, since that's more a chemistry problem than anything else. I'm not sure what the state of the art is in homemade smokeless powder, but black powder would be possible to make on your own (if a bit dangerous). You could make everything on a gun out of plastic (commonly done), except for the parts subject to the detonation and bullet (chamber, barrel). Those COULD be made from ceramic. A plastic projectile would also be possible (it'd need to be pretty dense; not sure how best to do that -- it would still look like a bullet on an x-ray, unless inside something else, in which case you might as well do lead inside a form-fitting lead case, inside another object) I am definitely looking at Austin and Seattle, and partially-in-Nevada, as options to California. The other service credit unions (Tower (NSA), Pentagon Federal, and Navy Federal) are all really good, too, although not as good as USAA. USAA's insurance is top-notch, too. Is there anything you'd invest $10k on a $4mm pre in that you wouldn't invest $25k in on a $4mm pre? Assuming a $500k-1mm raise. i.e., do you invest within your range based on your feelings about the investment, or just how oversubscribed the round is? For me, a $10k investment and a $25k investment would take roughly the same amount of thought and time, so really it's just a 2.5x bigger payoff if you win. For a one-man shop, I'd just skip the title entirely. The only downside is potentially someone seeing just the card wouldn't know if you have the authority to do deals, but I really doubt that would be an issue with a consulting shop. Most of the relevant factors for startups are due to people and culture of the valley, not the California government, but there are some which are actually due to the state government: California has a few big advantages due to the state: * Non-competes invalid * Well-understood legal system for startups And big startup-relevant disadvantages: * High taxes on income and especially capital gains (taxed at the 10.3% rate!!!) which force out some angel investors, and potentially reduce capital formation for new angels. * High cost of living (which makes engineers expensive, and hurts during bootstrapping) -- some of this IS due to California government decisions. Employment law, minimum wage, etc. don't really affect startups directly. "Uncertainty due to the state being bankrupt" is a major new negative factor, however. Even though the current situation still leaves SFBA as the top startup location in the world, I could see a dying California enacting new policies which change this. Few other states HAVE matched this, but it's one of the easiest legislative changes any state could make to advance new business creation. For non-US startup creation, I'd focus on "better" IP law, too. Most countries already don't have software patents. Assuming you have $11500 you can spare, I'd do it. I think this is a pretty decent project and I personally would feel confident that 100 units could be moved. I think you should find someone to invest, then -- either as an equity investment, or something simpler like "I plan to sell these for $200 ea. Give me $x/unit now and I'll give you the $200-x 100 on the first 100 sold." If you're willing to put in at least half, I think it'd be pretty easy to find someone who would match, as long as he got his money + some premium first. If the units don't sell, he'd just get the units. If he'd be more likely to release TM2 in the next year or two, I'd be perfectly happy to pay $250-500 for a 5-pack for my machines, vs. "free upgrade" -- $50 for something you basically live in is not a big deal at all.. I'm pretty happy with TM1 though. I think there are a lot of ways to in-fill housing in SFBA without affecting open space. Allowing tall skyscraper condos in downtown SF makes a lot of sense (and has been one of the major changes from 1995 onward); the continued replacement of light industrial with lofts (from the 1980s), and subdividing victorians into apartments (1920s?). Most of this has been focused on SF itself. I'd be happy to see more apartment complexes in the 2-5 story range replacing single family homes in parts of the peninsula. Improving transit can also make the east bay and San Jose itself more viable. HSR will arguably make Stockton/Modesto an option for a lot of people. Actual home space isn't the limiting factor I think. I'd like to see the supporting infrastructure be more dense and efficient (roads/transit, schools, utilities). Of course, once I bank my first $250mm, I'd like a $20mm house in Palo Alto as it is right now, and a $10mm loft and $10mm house up in SF. :) I was at MIT during her reign as dean of admissions (I dropped out about a year or so into it). She was actually rather offensive, claiming that the generation after me cared more about fitting in than academics, and she did a pretty good job of skewering the extracurricular activities which were one of the major defining parts of MIT (at least for undergraduates). Actually, I have nothing good to say about MIT's administration above the individual professors and departments -- they spent huge amounts of money on pointless things, and mainly consisted of professional administrators (educated at e.g. BU) vs. alumni. During my time at MIT they destroyed the FSILG system (student-managed small housing groups) due to one fucknozzle drinking himself to death next door to my residence. I haven't kept up with MIT since around 2000, but it was definitely on a downward trend from 1996-1999, surviving mainly on past reputation. It's still not a bad place, but I think I could put together a far superior program, attached to another research university (to have access to grad students), to educate undergrads for $15-20k/yr (vs. the $60k/yr MIT claims to be spending). Take risks! I think something like KAUST (in Saudi) could end up being what MIT should be -- or Olin (the free school which has lots of MIT SM/PhD instructors). If I had kids, I'd probably push toward an undergrad-focused school like Reed for pure science education, or Stanford or UC Berkeley for someone who wanted to be an engineer, just to have access to the silicon valley ecosystem. I think there is a strong case for "take 1-2 years between HS and college to work", too. I wonder how many people today would accept a one-way trip to Mars. It is actually cheaper to keep sending supplies to Mars to keep you alive, than to send enough to lift off and return. I'd probably do it myself now; certainly would if were 60 years old. I'd like to see iPad 3G owners sue ATT and/or Apple as a class. I definitely would have gone wifi vs. 3G if these rate plans had been disclosed at time of sale. I wonder how much Google pays ATT to keep Android in the race, by crippling the iphone/ipad. Defense contracting (communications, deployed software systems). Medical software (PACS/RIS in radiology primarily; some automated lab and pharmacy experience, medical paging. Limited EHR/EMR experience). Firearms (retail, wholesale, and manufacturing of small arms) (plus crypto/security and some datacenter/cloud/etc. stuff, but that's better covered by existing startups) I hope this came up during the interview stage of his TS-SSBI clearance application. If he had just leaked the footage from the helicopter, and leaked it to congress or reputable news media, and done it non-anonymously, I could buy that he thought he was a whistleblower. I still think some level of punishment would be appropriate (clearly being discharged from the military and clearance permanently barred, and probably a less than honorable discharge, and probation at least). I still wouldn't have done it (if I saw something while working that I thought was a problem, I'd bring it up through chain of command -- there are plenty of legal ways within the military to challenge something, if you're willing to put in the effort). Wholesale leaking of TS/SCI data, defined as being able to cause "exceptionally grave damage to national security", pretty clearly meets the definition of treason. I don't think a firing squad (actually, lethal injection) would be the best punishment, but life in prison certainly would be an option. I can't wait for the AFN commercials about this incident! I agree he's not the only one to blame. The FSO of the SCIF where he (presumably) worked should be investigated. His CO and the rest of his chain of command should be investigated as well. The (contract investigator, most likely) who was involved in granting him his clearance, too. I'm pretty sure that all happens automatically when something like this happens -- at the very least, they need to work on making sure this doesn't happen again, but it's hard to believe they were 100% blameless in this. The actual IT systems used by the military for secret-or-higher classified data are kind of pathetic, actually. Certain things are done well (the "air gap" model for networks, and generally the military is decent at key management, and most members granted security clearance are good about changing passwords and reporting security probes, vs. commercial environments. However, the technology itself is often windows (2k, xp, vista), and isn't exactly the best managed network in the world. To some extent being "air gapped" causes them to be lazy about other forms of security. A lot of this has to do with the exceptionally slow procurement and integration cycle of the military, but at the core, windows is just not a great solution for building an office automation system with 100% accountability for every file. (I'm actually working on a startup that will address this market; it's a good market, but I've also been someone at personal safety risk from security violations, so it is more compelling to me than writing another fb game or ipad app.) Minor nit: the "while listening and lip-syncing Lady Gaga" I thought was cover for his CD-RW ostensibly containing Lady Gaga music, while actually containing classified data for export. The rule is supposed to be no personal electronic devices in a secure environment -- this is one of the reasons! (the other reason is that a third-party could bug an electronic device, without your knowledge, and it would be really hard to detect. If it's a phone or smart device, it would even be possible to do in software) By 15% you actually now (as of next year) mean 20% + 3.8% + (state tax, such as California's 10.3%) I'm in Baghdad. A SCIF is a SCIF, officially (which is where JWICS would be found). Generally they rely on armed guards and 24x7 presence vs. vault doors here, but it's still within the spec. Maybe because he was under 18 when he worked for you? I don't really know how the rules work for children. But getting fired from a job should ABSOLUTELY be investigated, and I'd assume "talk to the boss" is the standard for that. That's some negligence right there! (or, he left it off his application entirely, and they didn't do enough checking to verify employment at the time, and see the gap) Lamo was kind of backed into a corner. Even aside from the moral issues (I personally would have turned in Manning; if you volunteer for a role where you will get classified data, you need to play by those rules!) 1) If SPC Manning was talking recklessly to Lamo, Lamo had to assume he was also talking to other people, and generally behaving recklessly. Manning was going to get caught. If Lamo didn't say anything, but Manning later was caught, it would be likely discovered that he'd confessed to Lamo as well. This would not be good for Lamo, especially if that information were not yet public knowledge. An investigator might suspect conspiracy, and might suspect Lamo had data -- he could then be subject to intelligence activity or law enforcement activity himself. 2) If he cooperated with authorities in secret, it's likely his involvement would become known later once the trial happened (or at any time of Manning's choosing). People who interacted with Lamo between his initial contact with Manning and the eventual disclosure would be afraid they had been compromised as well. I think Lamo was in a difficult situation even if he didn't want to turn the guy in. I'm sure he just brute-forced the passphrase. Such as the state department data off JWICS, which he also copied and intended to publish through wikileaks? Yeah, I've definitely seem some seriously lax sites, but it's vastly better than in 2004. The great anti-usb-flash jihad of 2008-2009 seems to have helped a lot, at least on nipr and sipr. The mitigating factor is that someone in a deployed environment is probably more aware of the potential harm from letting slip (even unintentionally) sensitive or classified information. i.e. mortar in the hooch. Thankfully, he's under UCMJ jurisdiction, and will have professional military officers adjudicating. i.e., he's fucked. Even if something is a viable defense against conviction in court, being the subject of an investigation, or even worse, CI investigation, is way before that point -- and highly unpleasant I'm sure, especially for someone with previous criminal convictions and ongoing involvement with "hackerdom". If they don't consider history as a minor, they should refuse to grant clearances to anyone under 25 or 28. I also seem to recall being granted S, TS, TS/SCI, etc. is a lot easier/faster if you're in the military than if you're a contractor. Different queue, different investigators, and higher presumed loyalty to the US. (i.e. you were willing to roll the dice and potentially be stuck as a cook for 4-8 years, which a spy might not be willing to do) Brute-forcing a relatively long passphrase is actually a reasonable accomplishment, especially in secret, and with a limited budget. I will bet 99% that is what he did, and the 'moderately hard' part was in getting resources to run a covert distributed break. It's definitely a great learning environment -- I've been doing this about 50% from 2004 to now (I'm pretty sure this is my last trip, unless I get deployed contracts for my product, which is always possible). It's almost tempting to write a book, although for it to be interesting, it would either have to be fiction set in this environment with lots of factual details (e.g. Tom Clancy), or at least fairly fast and loose with the facts. A lot of interesting stuff wouldn't be appropriate to publish, and a lot of the hyper-accurate stuff would be boring. If/when Pacific Fibre happens, I'd like to move at least 50% time to NZ. I think 2011 is going to be the end (thankfully), and really summer/fall 2010 should be around the end. Iraq especially, but even Afghanistan -- I wouldn't be surprised to see mainly-SF in Afghanistan, with some presence at BAF and KAF, and maybe 30-50k total troops footprint, by 2012. I've never seen "work your way on merchant ships" as an option, but the "pay your way on a merchant ship" is actually more expensive than flying in most cases, since it takes a long time. I'd still like to try it one day. Crewing a yacht, if you have sailing, cooking, etc. experience, is also an option. Trains in the US are more expensive than flights (for long haul routes), but in other countries, are a good deal. However, even in Europe, low cost carriers are price competitive with trains. Costs a lot more per minute, but the flight is much faster. I knew from other people that the Drobo was worthlessly slow, but thanks for the info about the other problems. I'm a big fan of either building a linux-based server, or using a QNAP. QNAP is a bit pricey per disk and per GB, but it just works. For large disk requirements, I use a linux server with Areca 12-port RAID as secondary storage, and external eSATA+expander trays for tertiary storage (probably could put 50-100 drives on this with no problems). Overkill for most home use, though. It's 2010, and I'd use iSCSI, not SMB, unless I wanted direct-attach FW800. Generally, if you set auto-rebuild, yes. It's RAID5 though, so you're only protected from single drive failures. I use RAID6 on Areca cards (or better) for "critical" data, or remote servers -- single drive failures all too often become double drive failures before the RAID finishes rebuilding. The other issue is that write (and sometimes read) performance is hurt during rebuild. For timing-sensitive systems, people often turn off auto-rebuild or scale back rebuild percentage of writes, so their application's performance isn't so affected. Of course, if the second failure happens during the rebuild... El Bulli is not actually that expensive for the meal itself ($250/person?), but it's impossible to get a reservation. Since they announced they will be closing and turning into a cooking school in 2012, it's basically impossible to get a reservation unless you Know Someone. Steve Jobs can get a table as a walk in, probably, but your average $10-50mm exit startup founder cannot. As an attacker of (...) intelligence, key management is the place I look first in security protocols for failures, because both lay developers and crypto engineers tend to make more mistakes there than anywhere else in crypto protocols. Unless you are doing a lot of extra (expensive) magic, I could easily do: 1) Traffic analysis of your read/write patterns -- probably not a huge issue for many web apps, but there are enterprise apps where I could probably do some harm. You would need to do some crazy blinding to protect from this, at a directly higher S3 and bandwidth cost. 2) DoS (mainly, try to compromise the Amazon S3 credentials; or, a malicious Amazon) -- all I'd need to do is flip one bit in your bucket and your OpenPGP checksums wouldn't match...; I could also do malicious MITM attacks between S3 and the "cloudlane" box) 3) Availability attacks vs. S3 -- for a lot of users, confidentiality and integrity are important, but if I can make S3 unavailable to you at the network layer, it might kill the online performance of your application. This isn't as big a deal for archival storage, but if someone thinks using crypto for confidentiality is enough to move an otherwise-in-house app to the cloud safely, it might be fun to provide some user education. People who smoke (or use chewing tobacco) are much more likely to spit. NYC specifically has a large number of attractive women for the same reason LA does: a lot of industries based in the city which employ and are built on attractive women. There are people working service jobs (waitress, bartender, etc.) who really want to break into those industries, too. In LA, it's movies and music. In NYC, it's music, modeling, fashion. That said, I'd prefer a "6" who is super-intelligent and interesting, to a "9" with whom I have nothing in common. I believe you mean nicotine...I have observed friends taking 10 kilograms of food grade caffeine microballs and weighing and bagging in 500 mg doses to distribute at a hacker convention, with no adverse effects. I think this is the best content on Quora to date. The info I have is that the granules are mainly to ease mechanical processing. Given that ld50 of anhydrous caffeine USP is above 100mg per kilo of body weight, I do not think a few grams, especially through skin, would be much risk. The msds advises gloves, due to it being a skin irritant, but that is for constant exposure. Fine powders are a fire safety and explosion risk, of course, especially in automated storage and processing environments....flour, non dairy creamer, aluminum powder, etc are great fun. If there is any info to the contrary I would be very interested. This definitely makes me miss the plastic WebVan crates (I think I accumulated >40 of them). I think the Kindle DX would also be a more fair comparison to the iPad (especially the new, twice the contrast ratio DX). I have both, and actually use both. I would probably go with DX and Netbook if I were cost-constrained. The only time I read books on the iPad vs. the DX is when I'm in bed and don't want to turn on a room light, and even then, it's with the Kindle app. I use the iPad for plenty of non-book applications. While the VAT is the least distorting tax, I really dislike the extensive documentation required throughout the economy to implement it. I would prefer a tax on the easiest to audit things -- real estate, maybe a poll tax, and heavy taxation or fees for the use of public property for private purposes (oil and minerals leases, aquifers, ...) I do not see Python listed here, I believe you should update your poll. :) One of the biggest reasons solo founder projects fail more than multiple founder companies is that a multi-founder company has already passed some tests of market, product, and team. If an idea is incredibly stupid, but it's your idea, you can easily become deluded into thinking it's actually a great idea. Being able to convince another person that the idea is good is definitely a sign that the idea is good. It's also a good check on the quality of the team -- if someone is obviously such a screw up that you'd never want to work with him, you wouldn't work with him. Even fairly defective people can notice flaws in others. Therefore, a group of 2+ people probably means the members are at least tolerable. If someone can say no, they do not need the Heimlich -- at worst, they have a partially occluded airway, in which case using a finger to try to sweep the object out, or turning the person face down so the object falls out, is the correct course of action. (of course, if someone is non-verbally communicating no, then what you say applies, but I'd still be getting into position, and gesturing either sweep the mouth themselves, or use a convenient chair to do it.) I think it's shameful that no one has stepped up to provide him with free, top notch legal assistance. I'm relatively familiar with the case (I know weev personally, too), and he is actually not exaggerating. This is exactly the kind of case the EFF exists to defend. Yes, weev is a troll and a media whore, but that doesn't automatically make him wrong. Goatse behaved in the industry accepted standard way in popularizing a security vulnerability -- full disclosure. I personally would have done the same (although I would not have kept illegal drugs at my residence after doing so, but I also would probably ventilate anyone breaking into my home without clearly announcing a warrant...) Free weev! The whole "goatse" thing is part of the performance art. Hacker groups have a long history of over the top stuff like that -- look at the Cult of the Dead Cow (cDc), Phone Losers of America, Legion of Doom, etc. weev is a troll (in the 4chan sense), and a performance artist, but on this issue, he's actually being pretty straight up. He got some information about a security vulnerability, was asked to publicize it, did so, and is now being unlawfully screwed for it. Was what he did prudent, especially for someone already on the FBI shitlist? No. Was it lawful? Yes. And, it certainly brought the security vulnerability, which was an incompetent decision by ATT, to public attention. I agree -- he has definitely not helped his credibility in defending himself from some "fruit of the poisonous tree" drug charges resulting from an illegal search warrant. There is a reason why test cases usually find really unambiguously "safe" people for the test case -- e.g. the elderly, unambiguously law abiding and moral, African American gentleman in Chicago used for the recent 2A case McDonald vs. Chicago, or the same with Heller vs. DC. I am pretty sure no one expected search warrants when this all started. If it was expected that the FBI and local law enforcement would get involved, an academic security researcher would have been a far better spokesman. The problem with "responsible disclosure" is that a vendor can convince you not to disclose at all -- they can drag out the process of patching for months, and can try to convince you never to release the disclosure, or at least to wait until no one cares anymore, because some users may not have patched. The purpose of disclosure is twofold: you want the vendor to fix the bug, but you also want the marketplace to take notice of the existence of the bug. Knowing that Vendor M was informed of a bug and took 6 months to fix it, whereas Vendor L was informed of a bug and took 1 day to fix it, is useful to me when I'm evaluating an operating system vendor. The best way to have this information out there is to cause a big splash when you release it. Fundamentally, the assumption is that white and gray hat hackers do not discover every bug out there. If you sit there and do semi-sophisticated static analysis on a lot of software, or fuzzing, you can discover a lot of 0-day vulnerabilities which no one has yet announced. If end users don't feel pain from security vulnerabilities, they will not prioritize adequate security when they make purchasing decisions. Vendors with a strong security focus should support aggressive full disclosure of all vulnerabilities of all vendors. He's being denied legal counsel for the drugs charges -- according to the letter, they are all minor misdemeanors, although originally he was alleged to have felony weight on him. That's actually a victory for him, so far. The problem is there are potential actual felony charges under discussion, related to the original computer crime warrant. While he hasn't been charged, he doesn't get a public defender. If he's charged, he gets a public defender. If I were in his shoes, I would absolutely be getting a lawyer (and I sent him $100 toward that, and asked some friends who are lawyers to consider it). Honestly, not getting an Arkansas Public Defender is probably a victory for him, too. I would rather represent myself than rely on AR PD to defend me in a case like this. Non-disclosure, vs. Responsible disclosure, vs. Full disclosure (with various levels of warning to the vendor), vs. Aggressive full disclosure is certainly an open point of debate within the security industry. It's pretty unambiguously clear that he didn't use the fruits of the vulnerability in a black hat way to hurt the end users, however. My personal position varies based on the kind of vulnerability, actual risk to end users, etc. For something which causes minimal harm to the end users (publishing email addresses? really?), which was the result of utter incompetence on the part of a single vendor, and where the vendor can trivially fix it, I think aggressive full disclosure is the right course of action. If it were something like a flaw in cisco bgp, I would support responsible disclosure, on a very long timescale; give the vendor enough time to fix it, and get the patch deployed to as many users as possible. If it were a flaw in a no-longer-maintained system which were critical to life safety, I could be convinced to not disclose at all, provided there were something put in place to transition users off of the system. I believe weev has some kind of negative history with EFF. For a consumer web app, I would split it into a Product Designer (someone who can do art, UI design, product concept, workflow, html/css/js), and a developer (who does some js, all server side work, and the related tools. Finding the product designer is going to be the hard part -- there are a very limited number of visually oriented product designers who can also code. I think that person should either be a cofounder or hired as first employee with 1-5% of equity; on par with a later VP Engineering hire. Unmarked minefields, or air-scattered mines of infinite duration, are the bad kind. A well-marked, time-limited or centrally controlled minefield is generally much less dangerous, on par with a razor-wire fence. Functionally, it's a sentry system which can be turned off electronically (or by waiting past a certain date), or at worst, which is marked on maps well enough that individual mines can be removed safely by engineers. Unexploded ordnance (i.e. bombs which you fire and which then fail to explode) are a bigger threat after a modern battle than US-style minefields. A minefield is probably much less likely to be deployed for this than automated sentry towers, however. Is there any actual synergy at all with the rest of Conde Nast? Would it make sense for Reddit to work with some P.E. people to buy themselves out, and make a venture investment in improving the site? Invest in the 280M uniques, not in the guys. Put the "Francis M. H. White of Monetization" in as CEO, let the founders be involved in other roles (they're great at building a community and at "ghetto" engineering). That it is weak sauce now just means you could buy it cheaper. If I had $5-10mm (+100% debt) sitting around and nothing better to do with my life for 2-4 years, I'd be seriously tempted to make an offer to Conde Nast. We do this in limited areas already -- there's razor wire and other "obviously dangerous" stuff protecting power substations, subways, power plants, etc. DoE-mandated security contractors will use lethal force at nuclear sites, probably with limited target identification. I agree doing this over a 2000 mile border is a bad idea. For that, we should try to develop 0-50mi deep monitoring zone (depending on the area), with seismic sensors, UAV overflights, etc., and then whenever anyone is detected, send CBP/ICE agents to intercept. If they're innocent hikers, no harm done; if they're drug/people/etc. smugglers, detain and process them. That's largely what we do now. The main issue is insufficient CBP agents, and no real consequences for illegally crossing the border ("catch and release"). I think punishment should be much harsher for anyone involved commercially in running the border, and somewhat harsher for people who do it repeatedly. Ultimately the best solution is to make Mexico a less shitty place to be. I would love to participate in an open, transparent, and fair equivalent to wikileaks. Currently, cryptome actually does a 99% job of this. Tools, vs. Services, and definitely in preference to individual personalities as gatekeepers! This would be great for KVM server consoles! Glock 19, 2 extra mags with floor plate extension. Kershaw ao knife, novatac edc 120 lumen flashlight. Blackberry 9700 with bes and free data roaming, nexus one w local sim. Keys w led flashlight. Identity card holder w 4 id cards and credit card and eagle cash card. Wristwatch. Hat w 100 bill inside, sunglasses. Usually also either a vest or one of two shoulder bags with first aid and mags, sat phone, laptop and or iPad or kindle dx, some snacks, cisco console cable. Bigger bag (3 day assault pack or one size bigger) for trips, and spares in my car or the truck, and my trailer. I have a good point and shoot in most bags or on armor, and I have etymotics or ultimate ears canal phones. I also sometimes carry a canon in a dedicated d slr bag. In civilization, largely the same, except sometimes ruger LCR 38 and or a sig mix and match with the g19 in some combination, or just knife and flashlight if carry is unadvised. Also I carry a wallet instead of ID holder. Aside from people ineffectually shooting at my aircraft, not in years. I have had mortars land vaguely nearby though. Almost involved in 3 possibly fatal car accidents in Kuwait earlier this year though, but luckily I am a fairly competent driver and swerved around or braked ... Riding a motorcycle in the USA would he great preparation for driving a car here. I have an iPad and carry it frequently, although usually also in the same bag with a kindle dx and 15 inch mbp. iPad is better for use waiting for flights for casual web browsing, or kindle app in unlit rooms. I think it would be super boring. I myself would not read a documentary account of my life. Technically, it's basically either "learning how to do increasingly advanced satellite tech/eng work in the field, starting from a strong IP networking and sort of college ee/rf background" at the same time the industry itself was developing (late 1990s-mid 2000s). Also, political crap trying to deploy linux based servers on windows/activedirectory centric networks, with multiple layers of policymakers involved in every decision. Very very little worthwhile technology. The only people in the overall government space doing commercially-normal interesting tech seem to be TIGR, and for mostly-awesome (but still inferior to b2c webapps, by a mile!), Palantir. On top of that, the whole sealand thing from 2000-2002, and anon ecash stuff in the caribbean from 1995 (mit) through 1999 or so. Then, learning more about defense contracting and how the military works, having zero background to start, from 2003 onward. And the "going to iraq thinking it would just be reconstruction and a technology land-grab, and it turns into a shooting war after the war itself is done" thing. Combine that with generic startup things with somewhat more fraud and logistics problems than you'd face in the US, and living in a mix of crappy (iraq, afghanistan) and boring (5-star hotels in dubai and kuwait). If you're interested in the war part, actual soldiers have way more interesting stories from iraq or afghanistan. For the tech part, the technology itself is really boring. For the military psychology part, just read catch-22 and slaughterhouse five. Plus, writing it fully accurately would make me either look dumb or naive most of the time, and there are OPSEC and liability concerns detailing what other people have done or failed to do. I think the most workable solution would be some kind of "techno-thriller" set in relevant places, but fictionalized. I have a "seriously tore up" 15" MBP from spring 2008 which I carry with me for really mobile use, and a 17" 2010 MBP which sits in my "base" location for weeks at a time. I went that route, vs. the 15" HD, because I can't easily have an external monitor while being mobile -- otherwise, the 15" HD seems to be the best, coupled with an external 24, 27, or 30. I am considering getting a 13" MBP or maybe an x301 or panasonic s9 whenever they next get bumped. I don't care for netbooks (too weak), but a long battery life small laptop would be a nice tool. The lack of a keyboard on the ipad cripples me; often, the blackberry is more useful. "milbloggers" are much more interesting to read -- you can check michaelyon-online.com and freerangeinternational.com and find stuff linked from there. Generally someone who is on a 4-15 month tour blogs about it while there, and sometimes it is really interesting. Usually the people doing interesting stuff don't have time, though. I blogged for a while (but it was all password-protected due to OPSEC issues). Then I mainly switched to just use quora.com to replace most of my other "recreational" computer time. Apple makes better hardware than most of the PC manufacturers. The only mon-Mac laptops I like as hardware are the Lenovo T, W, and X series. I have some IBM/lenovo laptops too. Some of the Panasonic business-rugged laptops (W, T, S series) are also nice, but driver support is often weak. Linux itself on laptops sucks more than on any other platform -- driver support, ACPI/APM support, etc. all suffer vs. Mac. OSX is a pretty decent Unix OS (although since I use ubuntu for most of my servers, the slight syntax variation vs. linux gets annoying). I also really like having Keynote, Pages, and Numbers available -- OpenOffice just doesn't do it for me. And, I use Adobe CS4 (mainly Illustrator and Photoshop). And for a gui text editor, TextMate is nice. And OmniGraffle. Basically, Mac commercial software is a big plus, but fundamentally it's about having a great working Unix laptop which requires minimal tweaking out of the box. I think my concealed carry permits in the US are good in about 40 states (WA NH NV UT FL NH OR ME MA). Aside from CA and NY, I basically avoid the others (IL WI IA NJ mainly). It is slightly crazy, but I think I am going to Strongly Encourage that everyone in my next startup get concealed carry permits, plus own firearms, even though it is not at all core to the business -- mainly because friday afternoon at the range once or twice a month might be a fun team-building exercise. OTC caffeine pills: 250-500mg caffeine (about 3-6 cups of coffee equivalent), with the difference being it's much cheaper than coffee, and more deleterious to your stomach. Less liquid, so it's much easier to dehydrate yourself, or get to dangerous (2-3g) caffeine levels. You might actually notice minor-league OD symptoms off 2 pills (500mg), and definitely at 1g. Really, a bad idea. Modafinil (provigil) or ritalin (methylphenidate) or adderall (d-amphetamine salts) are probably safer physically than caffeine pills, but potentially more addictive. Absolutely. It varies by state. In most states most private businesses can't prohibit concealed carry; in other states they can, but only with specific language on a certain size sign. Plus, if you violate, it's just "please leave". There are legal prohibitions against carry in certain places under state law (usually bars, schools, sometimes government buildings), and there are federal prohibitions at airports. Not carrying when you're going to be drinking, or at a place like a club where people will be bumping up against you, is probably a good and prudent idea. If it is concealed, no one should know. Open carry IMO is a bad idea in a lot of places, and not something I would want to encourage. That is what Starbucks seems to have a problem with. Open carry is bad because it makes weapon retention a much bigger problem, plus it negates the "no one knows who MIGHT be armed" value of citizen concealed carry. Also, if I were doing open carry, I would feel obligated to carry something like a $3500 Les Baer 1911 or a Colt Python, vs. a $500 Glock. I think navy nuclear culture has changed quite a bit for the better since then. All of the officers and petty officers I have talked to are at least as conscious of rad safety as the civilian techs. On the radiology and nuclear medicine side, air force and navy techs seem a lot more rad safety conscious than the army people I have met. I personally think the first one to five employees in a minimally funded startup with small m&a exit as the likely exit are getting a bad deal, vs. the founders or employees who join after financing. An early employee will get about a percent tops as an individual contributor...maybe up to five percent tops if he is more of a vp engineering. In exchange, a seriously below market salary, equally high if not higher risk of losing one's job vs. founders, and vastly less respect when he later goes to try to do his own startup. Assuming the same caliber of individual, it makes a lot more sense to either found your own startup, or join after real financing (where you get a market salary, and have a lot less risk, plus a lot of startups with problems have been shaken out.). Obviously being am early employee at a great startup like google or Facebook makes sense, but for companies more likely going for 10 to 50m base hits, I don't think early employee is a financially rational decision. (note to future people I want to hire: I only do high risk potentially high value exit startups, so your initial equity actually is worth it!) Real burnout is something like losing confidence in your own ability, or the overall system or world. It doesn't go away with time, per se, but requires a real change of your life....like getting a manual labor type job for a few years, going back to school, etc. Early startups have super high variance. Some are utterly Kafka hellish, others are great. Unless you are either a strong personality and able to influence (which is kinda unlikely IMO if this is your first real job or first startup, and if you can't just quit at any time.), you have a good chance of losing. A funded startup is almost as good a learning opportunity for tech people, with some assurance that it won't be hell (legal liability, the selection and survivor bias, bigger team) Racial and ethnic diversity really seem like non issues...they are pretty superficial differences within a work environment. Age, children, and sex are a little more relevant, and even those are pretty minor and only loosely correlated with traits relevant in a work environment. Bringing a windows guy into a unix shop, or hiring a sales guy too early at a product development stage startup, or hiring a stupid or lazy person would be real diversity of a bad kind. Good diversity is bringing in people with domain expertise outside your core specialty, like having a font and calligraphy aficionado on your os team. Superficial diversity is really overvalued. If you are founding CEO of a startup which fails honorably, or exits, investors and future team members pretty much ascribe all the good accomplishments of the company to you personally, and think you have a good shot at doing it again. A non CEO founder gets a lesser share of the resulting glory, plus way less name recognition. Only rarely and with big successes will vp eng, product designer, non founding cto, etc get much cred from a startup. If it fails, ceo can usually easily get a job (sometimes as eir or though investor portfolio companies) A good eng in defense (at the level needed to be a startup founder) should be making 150 uncleared to 250 secret to 300 ts or project lead or more if deployable. Working 40 hour weeks (well, working 5 hour weeks with 35 hours of meetings, admin, paperwork, and overhead) A pre series a eng is making 30 to 60 if lucky. At series a, maybe 80 to 100. Defense is almost a perpetual job, whereas the half life of a pre series a startup is maybe 3 months, 1 yr for series a. (apologies for formatting, on iPad) What got you back into tech? I think that i am fortunate in that I direct all my wrath and loathing outward. Someone who comes in for five is a potential founder anyway. At 1 you have another fifty percent dillution from follow on financing, and the odds of any exit at all. Exmployee 75 is making market, and a 75 man shop will not sell at 50. They are shooting for 500 or more, or failure. A 5 person startup might sell for 5 to 10 direct, in which case your 1 just bought a nice car, after tax, but not a really nice car, and less than your risk adjusted forgone salary vs. Being a soulless corporate drone in defense, or maybe number 75 at a well funded tech company. Right..when your best case is less than salary differential, before factoring in working 3x more, and the ten percent or less odds of getting the 50 exit! Something is irrational about participating. That said I would work with certain people or on certain projects as an early employee. With some, it would be economically rational, with others then entertainment value would be worth it. Name one company in the USA which didn't take outside funding and exited for more than 30mm usd? I admit my knowledge of stateside engineers in the large defense contractors is secondhand; trying to convert known deployed salaries and known eng and pm salaries at small product companies selling to usg. Substitute working for a fund on the dev side and double my numbers to make the original argument stronger. Due to Idaho, I think the army may have the worst accidents per hours operating ratio. I am drawing a distinction between someone likely to only currently be a good individual contributor, and thus who will not have the option of founding his own startup at that point in time, and a well rounded candidate who brings a lot more to the table. One percent is a lot of equity even as employee one if that person is not going to be in a leadership role later. It was what the mint designer and a few other first hire top notch individual contributors at startups I know have received. I definitely agree you get more equity during bootstrap time vs. in series a funded startups. I just think the combination of survivorship bias and cash comp makes it a better deal to wait. Actually someone respectable (Suster?) posted a few months back about how there are discontinuities...and that immediately pre series a closing is a much better time to join than immediately post, since the reduction in risk is far smaller than the reduction in equity. I think the opposite is true between employee one and immediately post a. By real financing I include mega angel seed rounds. For me a 1.5 seed round vs a 3 vc series a is a distinction without a difference. I definitely agree re exercise. A good relationship, kids, and general family life also seems to help people survive high stress, but high stress often leads to a bad home life which can make it worse yet. Wow. I was secretly trying to get you to find an answer to one of Keith Rabois questions on quora. I forgot he qualified it as post 1999. Can you do that too? National Instruments is an amazing company...I was fortunate to get to use their products on some projects as a teenager. Also none of my argument applies to a startup with one or more non technical non domain expert founders hiring a tech guy as employee number one. In that case he is a founder without the title and might get a founder level share. However I think those companies are generally born wearing the stink of death and nor worth consideration. The big factor people don't realize is employee number one has worse job security than the founders. If you they have huge equity and no salary, and you draw a salary, guess who goes when the bank account is short? If you all make subsistence only, you are losing due to lack of equity and opportunity cost. And still, if there is only enough for 2 of 3 to subsist, the employee goes. If the company tanks, you all go. I sit with people with a googledocs spreadsheet and we plug in numbers for various scenarios, so they can see what happens if there is a quick sale vs. multi round and then later. And show how cash comp to engineers affects this too. I believe in total transparency for at least the first 20 or so employees wrt budgets, salaries, equity, etc. If you "trick" someone into working for less, you have screwed yourself more than you have saved money. If you put it that way I sort of agree, although I think Americanized ethnicity or race is much less dominant as a trait than other traits. For the past 12 years I have often been either the only American in a group, or the only white guy, or the only person who went to a top-tier tech school. I've been in groups that have been totally multicultural, or groups where one other ethnicity or race predominated. (admittedly, everything has been at most 30% female). I really haven't observed ethnicity or race as a primary factor in team dynamics. Even first language, assuming people have a minimal level of fluency, hasn't been a major factor; even with my minimal French, I've ended up hanging out with French video gamers and sci fi fans (all 3 of them at a big base; they spoke maybe 100 words of English) vs. a bunch of other Americans. Volitional things like the kind of music you like, the job you do, your hobbies, etc. are really a much bigger factor, at least in my limited experience, than race or ethnicity. I lived in the loin around 2003, pretty much at the worst part (6th/Jones). It was bad enough that I got hassled on the streets by drug dealers when I stood outside (I think they assumed I was involved in the business somehow?), and female friends would be really reluctant to visit without an escort to/from BART. I had 2 guys get shot right outside my door, and the police didn't come by to take a statement from me until the next day (I happened to be looking out the window right at the time, and called it in 5 seconds after it happened). It's definitely gotten better since the 1990s, but I still would really not want to live there and do a startup. It's nothing compared to HP, Bayview, EPA, parts of East San Jose, or parts of Oakland, though. When in the area, I often am driving to HP at night (to go to 200 Paul Ave, one of the big datacenters on the West Coast), and I'm always relieved when the gate closes behind my car. The mission has some bad areas too; unfortunately the area right outside Noisebridge is actually pretty sketchy. Palo Alto, if you can pick the right property, also has the benefit of metro fiber. If you can find a house or office on the right street (Waverly, a few others; ask at City Hall, the fiber utility guy is awesome), you can pay about $2-3k to get linked in, and then have your own fiber for $600/mo from home/office to PAIX. From there, it's pretty easy to get a wave crossconnect to one of the big datacenters in SF or the Peninsula. For me, I'm willing to pay the extra $1k/mo to rent a house in Palo Alto vs. Mountain View or Menlo Park specifically so I can do this. Having fiber directly to your colo, when you're working on big data, moving virtual machines, etc., is amazing. If you live with cofounders and use it as an office, or live with 3-4 other people and split the cost, it really isn't that bad. Otherwise, I look for Web Pass connected buildings up in SF, or buildings that have IP Networks fiber over PG&E. Those are mainly in SoMA, although some in the east bay around Emeryville/Berkeley/Oakland. An open fuel cycle (without reprocessing) makes nuclear power pretty worthless, as has been shown in the US over the past 30 years. President Carter banned reprocessing in the US over bogus weapons proliferation concerns; IMO, one of the worst things a President has done in the past 60 years. I am a bit torn between "just build a lot of 3rd generation reactors" vs. going for the fourth gen designs. I personally think "worthwhile" girls are not so much attracted to money as financial stability and responsibility. However, there are times when toys are really nice to have, and can be fun in social settings -- maybe bias toward purchases which can be enjoyed with other people. There are definitely diminishing returns -- being able to afford an occasional meal at a decent restaurant is worth a lot, but being able to buy out the bar every night is not necessarily any better. Three classics from Quora may be relevant: http://www.quora.com/How-does-a-penniless-entrepreneur-attra... http://www.quora.com/How-does-a-wealthy-man-in-Silicon-Valle... http://www.quora.com/How-does-a-successful-entrepreneur-get-... centered around university, waverly, and bryant. I know 365 Forest (condo building) would have been about $3k to add, since the fiber was in the basement. There is a utilities guy at city hall who has maps, but I don't have the current ones (I last checked in 2008). When I move back to SFBA next year, I am either getting a house with fiber in PA, or a condo with IP Networks fiber up in 8th/Folsom area of SoMA. 10GE for the win It would be an interesting niche to work with landlords to wire up their properties, set up some colo space, and rent out house + cage/racks + fiber on a quarterly basis to startup teams. I'd much prefer a (really nice) house, shared with team, to a bunch of crappy apartments, a daily commute, and an office-building office. Although at that point, fixed wireless becomes an option too.. http://www.cityofpaloalto.org/depts/utl/news/details.asp?New... This is a great point against living in NYC metro area. I doubt you'd suffer this in Boston (Academia seems to be the dominant life form), SFBA (tech; a trader would be a lot less sexy than the founder of a tech startup even pre-fu money), or Seattle or Portland (environmentalism? art? food?). private fiber maps are sometimes kept private (post 9-11) on vague "anti-terrorism" grounds. however, the palo alto metro fiber map is public. I just don't happen to have a copy on my iPad, sorry. I am definitely a fan of a service which passively learns my tastes as a side effect of activity (like amazon recommendations, last.fm) vs. Requiring me to manually enter my favorites, especially over a large and evolving set of items. Even an unsuccessful claim could cost tens or hundreds of thousands to defend. Somehow the thought of close air support pilots on 2C-I does not fill me with confidence. What dosages are you talking about? 2-5mg? 10-25mg? 2C-D actually was alleged in PIHKAL to be cognition-enhancing in sub-5mg doses. Why can't they just lease Ka (or maybe Ku) band transponders, at least to start? That replaces $1b capex with somewhat-higher opex. It seems like it is worth the goodwill and ongoing non-CEO involvement of a founder to keep him on in a role other than CEO after being replaced (if necessary) in year 3-5. There are still plenty of issues of ego, direction, etc. where a founder might be upset about being replaced in the CEO role, but an effective founding CEO who isn't a perfect late-stage startup CEO shouldn't be replaced just to claw back equity. Issuing one set of stock to the founders for "being founders", and another set for initial roles, might be a good solution. I'd be happy with 20-25% as a founder, plus 5-10% more (market rate at the next stage of financing, equivalent) as founding CEO. Both sets would vest, but if replaced as CEO before the CEO grant fully vests, it wouldn't affect the founder grant. For additional control, you could issue some or most or all of the "founder" shares as Series FF, with the role shares as standard employee shares. This sounds like Core Wars and Network Tierra combined, both from 15-25 years ago. I would definitely play an MMO which let me script and didn't require my realtime involvement. EVE Online is like that for some of the gameplay already, but something where everything is through "agents" would be even better. It's interesting and nice to see that they are working hard and applying Actual Computer Science to solve a problem which really just enhances privacy for end users, and which they aren't legally forced to do, or contractually compelled to do -- it's not like their customers the advertisers would necessarily be asking for this feature! I wonder how much this lowers the price of 30 day rentals in April 2011 vs. 3 x 10 day rentals today. I was going to AirBnB a few separate places in different parts of NYC for a month or so, but now it looks like I should do just one. If all of the daily-rentals have to convert to 30+ day rentals, it should increase supply by a lot more than the number of people willing to switch from short stays to longer stays. Biomedical maintenance is definitely expensive, but there are a lot of things which can be done technologically which improve quality AND lower costs: 1) Better remote diagnostics on equipment 2) Designing equipment to be maintained by operators, or shifting to disposable or "use once, return to depot" equipment 3) Generally, looking at life cycle costs for equipment vs. just the purchase price. For a lot of equipment, the operator is actually highly skilled and trained, and in some cases, is cross-trained to maintain the equipment as well (more true in rural health centers). Another innovation is moving the equipment around -- the MRI trucks get higher utilization in rural communities than a single MRI center would. (I only really know the radiology side, although the military biomed shops usually maintain everything) Probably the only way to genuinely reduce costs by an order of magnitude would be to create a "cash and carry, no recourse except gross/criminal negligence" parallel system. Given US society, the only legal way to do this would be a public health system directly operated by the government. I am a libertarian and aesthetically opposed to this idea, but I think realistically the least bad option would be universal coverage by a "designed to a price" public health system, maybe on par with the UK NHS, with better quality private care and private insurance for those who can afford it. Allow the government to provide scholarships (similar to ROTC) to promising studies to become doctors in the service, with MD salaries on the 80-150k range, and a focus on providing cost-effective routine and emergency care, and on cost effectively managing any expensive treatment. Roll Medicare into this. You could cut expenditures 50-80% while only reducing outcomes slightly, and cover everyone. The AMA, industry, etc. would all be against this, but I think the total number of people employed in the medical industry is still low enough that "see, universal coverage" AND "50-80% cost savings" would win out politically over the libertarian arguments and the "death panels" arguments. By establishing that private health care can still exist, and be best in the world (unlike the Canadian system), reasonably wealthy people shouldn't be too opposed. The risk is that a system of initially limited scope and budget would expand -- any given case where the public system didn't cover an illness might get up to a thousand constituents writing to their representatives. 1000 people highly motivated by an issue would trump 250 million people paying less than a cent each for the increase in cost in that one case. Eventually we would end up with a gold plated system like we have now. The only way I can think of preventing that would be for the US government to be starved of revenue (which it is working on!), or a constitutional amendment setting a certain standard of public care which cannot be legally exceeded. Why does illegal immigration seem to be a bigger problem in California than in Texas? Maybe my perception of the relative problems is wrong, but certainly Californians complain a lot more about illegal immigrants (specifically, Mexicans and other Hispanics; not generally Asians) than Texans. Is it just that Texas is less doomed overall? Or that the economy and government of Texas are more able to benefit from immigrants? Or something else? I'm expanding a startup in Texas or Washington State due to not just the high costs of California, but the uncertainty -- the state is basically bankrupt, as are many local municipalities, and it's really unclear what changes will happen as a result. WA's government is better, but not vastly; TX seems like the most solvent state with a viable startup nexus (I don't see Alaska becoming a startup center unless global warming vastly improves things :). I think that is not accurate. While undocumented workers pay more into FICA-funded programs than they take out in services, those are generally federal. Illegals probably consume higher per-capita services than legal immigrants or citizens, if for no other reason than being lower income. Lower income people consume roughly comparable amounts of some services, and consume higher per capita police, locally-funded health clinic, etc. resources. As well, they're unlikely to pay as much per capita property tax (via rentals). If they have children, their education would cost more (due to ESL programs), although I'm not sure what the rate of having children is among this class. Second (and more) languages are definitely valuable for the US -- having immigrants living in the US with fluency in their heritage language as well as English makes it easier for US companies to do business in foreign countries, and domestic people learning foreign languages helps as well. I tried to find stats on the net costs of illegal immigrants resident in the US, and really couldn't find anything conclusive. The best information seems to be that they could impose slight net costs on some communities, but that it's a relatively minor amount relative to the size of budgets. I definitely wouldn't say California's problems are mainly due to illegal immigration. I'm just curious why it is so much more of a political issue in some states than others. Not a crime. The US doesn't have an equivalent of the UK's official secrets act. I don't think it's actually a crime, although there could be court injunction against publishing, which you could then be in contempt of if you went ahead. If you have a security clearance, it's possibly unwise to download/have this information on your own, especially if you have had secret access to it, mainly because there is going to be a bunch of counterintelligence to figure out how things were leaked (presumably PFC Manning, but who knows?). It would complicate things during an investigation if you had information on your hard drive, even if you could document that it had come from an outside commercial source. With some information, even if it is "known" by the public, having access to it through classified channels is a way to vet the information, so if someone posted "super secret a" to a website, and you commented "oh, yes, I've heard of that", you would actually be corroborating information and leaking classified information. FWIW, nothing in these seems to be particularly damning of the US. It is basically "war is hell", "mistakes are made", "we like to put a spin on things". It's pretty much par for the course for special operations forces to do things and then have the positive outcomes attributed to indigenous forces, and the negative outcomes hushed up. There probably would be some net benefit to prompt declassification and publishing of much of this information. I don't condone illegal leaks, but there is definitely a public interest in having the public informed about what is going on. Aside from the reporting on TF 373, nothing in the NY Times or Guardian analysis of the documents (I haven't looked at the raw documents) is a big deal. As far as I can tell, nothing particularly sensitive about 373 was published, either. The scary thing is that Pakistan apparently now produces "Stingers" as well (ANZA-II); probably superior to the other foreign MANPADS out there. We let them distribute thousands to the Muj in Afghanistan vs. the Soviets, and they apparently reverse engineered some. I don't see anything saying the enemy is using US provided stinger missiles against US aircraft. There was a report of "smoke trail", which may or may not be accurate. If accurate, I would assume it's a soviet weapon (SA-7 or successor), or maybe a Pakistani stinger clone, but very unlikely a US stinger given in the early 1980s. Yes, a lot of this is interesting, but isn't far beyond that is available in the news, at least if you have a basic understanding of military operations in Afghanistan. If you read 2-3 of the popular military blogs (Michael Yon, especially), you would know 95+% of this. Actually, a lot of people pointed this out, as well as the suspicious address, and other inconsistencies (her age, lack of presence in the MIT student database, ...) Check out http://twitter.com/fakerobinsage etc. The only question at the time was "is this a recreational troll, or is it a "security researcher" trying to test the community?" -- it seemed too amateurish to be a real intelligence gathering attempt. That's true, but depot-level maintenance could certainly deal with that. Taliban in caves in Afghanistan probably not, but ISI/AQ Khan organizations in Pakistan are fairly sophisticated (they built nuclear weapons, after all). More unlikely because the stingers given to the ISI/Afghans were early models with less effective seekers (more easily jammed) than the missiles available today from other sources. Current generation Stingers are the best, but current missiles from China, Russia, etc. are probably superior to first generation Stingers, especially ones that have been carted around Afghanistan. US military helicopters and other aircraft have a variety of countermeasures -- electronic systems, well chosen flight paths, low altitude operations, and multi-ship operations (where one helicopter supports another), plus support from other aircraft for ECM. Compared to a commercial airliner, they're non-trivial to shoot down. There are plenty of contractor/NGO/etc. operated Mi-8s and other crappy ex-Soviet helicopters flying, but those crash on their own quite frequently -- no one needs to shoot them down. There was a period where people were really scared that stingers would wind up in the hands of international terrorists who would shoot down a commercial airliner in the civilized world. There was a huge CIA buyback program for these weapons; during the Afghan civil war, they were actually too expensive to expend, and were mainly just kept by various leaders as totems of power. I really doubt US stingers are being used to shoot down US military aircraft in Afghanistan. I admit I'm fairly biased on this, being a frequent passenger, but I'm pretty sure small arms fire and RPGs (unguided rockets) are still the primary threats. I do think they did a more respectable job of releasing this information than they did with the Iraq Apache guncam footage. It's unedited, relatively unbiased, and they did go out of their way to redact specific irrelevant but potentially damaging information (names of Afghans). I think the involvement of "real journalists" probably helped a lot. It would be kind of interesting to reformat this as it originally appeared -- line by line as IRC messages in mIRC on someone's plywood shack or tent operations center. Members of the military absolutely can be prosecuted under the UCMJ if they commit crimes, including murder of innocent Afghan civilians. There have been numerous prosecutions -- in fact, the "guncam" footage from Iraq was actually recovered, allegedly, from JAG, the legal arm of the military, which was reviewing it to see if crimes had occurred which would need to be prosecuted. The standards for use of force in a war zone are different from other places, but fundamentally, members of the military must obey the rules of engagement set by the military (at the direction of the civilian leadership, i.e. the President). There is a much stronger argument about contractors, especially in Iraq from 2003-2006, using unlawful force and not being prosecuted, than military. Which specific actions in this set of documents do you think were incidents of indiscriminate or careless killing? There were definitely a bunch of cases of needless (in retrospect) killing, but those were generally mistakes, vs. conscious policy. Given that it is a war zone, and information is imperfect, but that inaction would have its own costs, I haven't seen a lot of cases of seriously bad activity. There is also a gray zone between illegal and unjustified; the few genuinely illegal actions have generally been prosecuted and punished by the military. There were other cases where "bad" things happened which were not illegal, but where the policy was changed as a result to prevent those things. For instance, due to the incidents such as the madrasa night attack in J-Bad, special operations night raids were sharply limited in 2009 (per GEN McChrystal), and the rules for the use of airstrikes and artillery fires were substantially tightened. Internal to the military, people don't really cover up this information -- it feels into the process of changing policies. Compared to most companies, lower ranking military people are fairly willing to report bad news up the chain of command (still not perfect, but more so). Almost all of this is "hidden" behind security classification, maybe too much so -- which makes people outside the military assume mistakes are intentional and not being corrected. There is a compelling argument for aggressively declassifying information as quickly as possible, positive or negative. A lot of that is because no one cared about Afghanistan from late 2002 until maybe 2008; Iraq was the focus of all attention, even by the military. AN/ALQ-144A and AN/ALQ-157M is an IR jammer, and effective against IR MANPADS. The newest Stingers are IR + UV to defeat this. This is the "disco ball". I don't know how effective these are (I suspect the primary defense is route planning and flying low/fast), and no one who actually knows the effectiveness would be able to comment. Sort of off-topic (it's highly doubtful the Taliban have the latest generation...), but which MANPADS would you consider top for the anti-blackhawk mission? The Starstreak? If the media covered Iraq/Afghanistan like they covered WWI/WW2/Korea, there could be burning cities (well, burning crappy towns in the case of Afghanistan), tens of thousands of dead civilians, etc. (I don't actually think that would happen, outside of Fallujah, Baqubah, Shahikot, Konar, etc.) There are a lot more embedded reporters now than there were in Vietnam. The main difference with Vietnam was the draft. For almost all Americans, the wars now are something on TV which happens to other people, which they might feel intellectually one way or the other about, but which has very little direct impact. It depends entirely on the context. Obviously, I would be unhappy if someone I liked got killed. However, if my house were on fire with 10 of my family trapped inside, and the firefighters racing to the scene accidentally ran over one family member in putting out the fire, I would not consider this to be "murder". There are definitely people in Iraq and Afghanistan who have had family members killed, but who overall are still happy the US invaded. There was one report about a guy who had a US bomb hit his house, killing several family members, who then went to the US commander, told him what had happened, and asked that we be more careful and continue to get rid of the Taliban. It's not like we invaded Canada. Afghanistan and Iraq were fairly horrible places to begin with (especially Afghanistan), and in a lot of ways, even at the peak of badness in each place, outside of localized areas, quality of life is better for most civilians. The US has killed maybe 200 Afghan civilians in about a decade of operations. The Taliban would kill more than 200 Afghan civilians in a single month. US medical assistance provided to Afghans (not injured by NATO/US), e.g. kids in car accidents, has probably saved more Afghans than have been killed by the US. There are definitely grounds for not wanting the US to be there, but they're more "moral" or "honor" than practical quality of life, for most people. The US killed more civilians in one afternoon on 16 MAR 1968 at My Lai (and, unlawfully) than have died in the ENTIRE AFGHAN WAR FOR TEN YEARS. The reason there is no news reporting of numerous horrible atrocities committed by the US in Iraq or Afghanistan is that...there haven't been (m)any. There have been potentially needless but non-criminal incidents, and accidents, which are documented. There have not been many genuine crimes. (I believe there were more in Iraq than there have been in Afghanistan; in Iraq there was a military unit running a brothel, several cases of detainees potentially being abused, etc.) The crime in Afghanistan and Iraq, if any, is that we're wasting huge amounts of "blood and treasure" for a mission which isn't in the US vital national interest. As far as how the actual war is being conducted, it's about as bloodless as an occupation can be. We're effectively trading combat effectiveness and huge amounts of money for casualties on both sides. I don't disagree that the media has done a horrible job of reporting on Iraq/Afghanistan. However, I think you really overestimate the downrange reporting coming from Vietnam (I don't know how old you are; the war was over before I was born, so I only read about it after the fact). There was definitely a lot of focus on US casualties. We were losing about 300 per week, whereas now it is more like 300 per quarter or per year. The main difference was in Vietnam, the journalists had free reign to go anywhere in the allied area they wished; in Iraq/Afghanistan, reporters are generally embedded with a specific unit. Maybe psychologically embedding with the unit makes reports identify with the soldiers more. The only really stunning difference between Vietnam and Iraq/Afghanistan was down to Walter Cronkite giving his opinion that the war would end in stalemate. I don't think very many other Vietnam war reporters (from Vietnam; not US based) gave personal commentary like that. I think that is down to Walter Cronkite as a person, and that he had experience with a previous war (he flew on bombers and covered landings during WW2) before reporting on Vietnam. None of the embedded reporters in Afghanistan or Iraq covered a major war other than Gulf War I before (Anderson Cooper, Geraldo, Christiane Amanpour, etc.) There are a lot of examples. Afghan society is generally willing to sacrifice individuals for their tribe, so it's not that hard to understand. Example: Kandahar, Marines under MajGen Mattis, late Dec 2001/Early Jan 2002. ODA 574 enroute from Tarin Kowt, Dec 2001. For a more recent example: http://abcnews.go.com/WN/Afghanistan/special-forces-apologiz... I was trying to use an example/scenario which might be more relevant to 99.999% of HN which does not live in a war zone. More precisely, "If I lived in a town where a criminal gang would kill members of my family, confiscate my property, and oppress everyone, and someone came in to kill the gang and stray gunfire killed my family". In the case of a legal invasion (pretty clear in the case of Afghanistan), that someone would be the police; in the case of Iraq, that someone might be a random concerned citizen.. I would definitely be upset, but it would not be murder -- it would be anywhere from purely accidental to some form of manslaughter. During a legal war, it is clearly legal, provided the belligerent obeys the law of war. Depending on the exact situation, I would be more or less upset; there are definitely situations where I would remain very upset (i.e. if the shooting was highly negligent). Under pashtunwali, accidental death during a conflict, if you take responsibility for it and apologize, is not the same level of offense that it is in western culture. The quality of life in Afghanistan is probably better today for 90% of Afghans than it was in 2000, although definitely worse than it was in 1954. In Iraq, the quality of life is absolutely better for the Kurds, and quite possibly better for most Shia, than it was under Saddam. Around 2009 and 2010, it's probably reached the turning point of being better on a daily basis than it was in the past, at least for those who didn't leave Iraq; there are definitely displaced persons who are worse off. I don't think the decrease in quality of life from 2003-2007 was inherent to the invasion, but to incompetence during the occupation -- if the military vs. state department were doing the same thing today, it would have been a lot less bad. Perhaps still not worthwhile, but definitely less bad. Three other points: 1) The other reason why Iraq was moral was that the sanctions in Iraq from 1991-2003 were actually more genocidal than the US invasion of 2003. If the invasion was a precondition to end the sanctions, it was less bad than allowing them to continue. (Hundreds of thousands of Iraqis died due to sanctions! Plus, huge quality of life impairment) 2) The number of civilians killed in Afghanistan is tricky. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilian_casualties_of_the_War_... is a decent compilation In the wikileaks information, there were about 200 civilian deaths reported from US ground actions. On top of that, there were many due to air strikes. The estimates various sources publish are about 5-10k direct deaths, and up to 30k indirect deaths. That is 10x less than during the Afghan civil war of the 1990s, and far less (2+ orders of magnitude) than the Soviet invasion. 3) If I lived in South Sudan, Somalia, or Eastern Congo, I would welcome a US/international invasion and occupation, even if it meant a 5-10% chance of death for me of my family. Yes, mIRC on windows xp or vista, backbone of military command and control. It is kind of sad. People in the operations center ("TOC") sit there monitoring HF radios and watching 2-8 mIRC windows for various networks (higher headquarters, medevac, artillery fires, etc.). http://trout.snt.utwente.nl/ubbthreads/ubbthreads.php?ubb=sh... http://ircreport.com/blog/20100405170/armed-forces-using-mir... They also do a lot of crappy conferences using the Adobe desktop VTC product (I think branded as Acrobat), and of course HUGE volumes of Microsoft PowerPoint. Email is sent out as attached powerpoints containing 2-3 lines of text, often, rather than a simple text email. It is quite possibly the worst IT environment I can imagine. The irony here is that the information in the wikileaks release (especially on the Guardian site) is now vastly better organized and more accessible than it ever was internally to the military! http://www.army.mil/-news/2010/02/17/34550-a-tactical-comman... http://books.google.com/books?id=VQQqDxmpG9IC&pg=PA34... http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Decentralized+fires+in+Afghani... http://www.scribd.com/doc/1440756/US-Air-Force-AFD070205069 He's Pakistani; Pakistani (and Indian) English tends to have different phrasings -- probably tending toward stilted and archaic to western taste. I think he was just trying to say "it's not like that NOW" without saying it was necessarily true in the past. Passive voice, indirection, implication, etc. all have a long tradition in bureaucracy. Also, he's an ISI commander, so there is no chance he has soul-rot, as he has no soul. I don't think the problem was so much a lack of raw data (most of this information actually WAS reported in open source publications; just ignored), as much as a lack of any ability to analyze and draw conclusions from that data. This was true within the US Department of State, the CPA, the PCO, etc. Reporters and academia didn't have anyone better. Wikileaks would have been good if there were secret information not being published, but basically everything important was published openly with a 1-3 month lag time. The only part of US society with any experience at all going into this in 2003 was the military, due to KFOR/Kosovo, and even that was exceedingly limited. Arguably, if the US had more experience in 2003, it might have been less willing to go into Iraq at all. There were people who were just 100% anti-war in general, or anti Bush, or whatever, but because they were always screaming the same thing, they could be easily ignored -- kind of like calling every single death in a war murder, it degrades the term murder and makes actual murder much cheaper as a result. Michael Yon (www.michaelyon-online.com) was probably the first to say things were actually going badly from 2003-2005, and then to document the surge and "awakening" which won Iraq. To be honest, based on my knowledge of Afghanistan, and of military operations to date, there hasn't been substantial harm due to the release of this information. (I haven't read through it all, but just looking at some of the high points). To some extent, it actually helps US policy interests, and a really paranoid individual could think this was an intentional leak. (it makes it more deniable and polite to ratchet up the hate on the ISI if it is in the form of a "leak") Given that it all appears to have been SECRET and not TS or TS with a codeword/SAP, it's only potentially "serious harm to national security", not "grave", and almost all of it was highly time sensitive. Flight schedules for helicopter missions I fly on are actually SECRET until they fly; afterward, they are basically public record. By waiting 6-12 months at least to release this information, the original leaker seems to have done a reasonable job of balancing OPSEC considerations. The most serious allegations of leaked information so far are the diplomatic cables off JWICS, which would be potentially TS, and could cause lasting harm. As well, individual source names could be sensitive, although in my experience there is enough turnover among Afghans, as well as bad intelligence on the US part, that after a year or so, the names of any sources would be outdated anyway. The newspapers can make a pretty reasonable first approximation of what in a body of information is particularly sensitive. This is all routine operational material, so the sensitive details are operational capabilities, individual sources, and other procedural details, items which actually have the least value to the public in being disclosed. The information which is most compellingly in the public interest is "what happened", which is already well known to any interested party. Given that this information was all relatively low levels of classification, there isn't anything super secret squirrel revealed here; anything super-secret squirrel would have been hidden from this classification as well. I would like to see prompt declassification of as much as possible, and virtually every item in this release is something which should be declassified 1-2 years after the operation. Classification should never be used to cover up incompetence or mistakes or wrongdoing, only to protect national security. There absolutely should be an investigation, and probably a court martial (assuming it was a military member who leaked the info). The trial would need to include motivations and other factors, but I can see situations where 5-10 years would be adequate, and maybe 25-50 (i.e. effectively life), but I would be very uncomfortable with life or capital punishment over this particular release. There are people from the cold war (Ames, Hanssen) who are vastly worse than this release, and they did it for money, not for any kind of "the truth must be released" motivation. They got Life, even though their information clearly resulted in the deaths of US affiliated agents, so I think that should be an absolute upper bound. Money, and lives ("blood and treasure"). Also note the 23 US WIA and the ANA/etc. WIA, of which 5-10 are going to be permanently disabled, and all of which together probably cost more in medical treatment than the munitions expended. Plus of course all of the time spent training those people to do an inherently negative-sum task. This is why the decision to go to war should not be taken lightly, and why it is important that if you do go to war, you fight it to win as quickly as possible. I think it's kind of sad that they don't have bots, usually (they rely on humans to transcribe from voice radio to IRC and back again), and use mIRC vs. something like irssi or even BitchX. Also I doubt people do channel takeovers, banning, amusing hostmasks, etc. Warrior using IRC != IRC Warrior. I think far more US university students, especially the top 10%, are going to have worked on projects semi-independently or independently. Either "group projects" in software engineering, or maybe personal outside projects. I assume he's actually trolling us. Canada is a great choice. Singapore or Hong Kong would be ok. Various Eastern European countries, or Ireland, or Australia or New Zealand -- all great. The only reason I would put a small business in China is a manufacturing business, or a services business focused ON CHINA. A services business focused outside China based in China is utterly insane. You have the language issue, the undeveloped legal system and business support system, the high cost of top-tier expats, and all sorts of political risk. It absolutely went from utter failure to just sort of failure with the surge and awakening. No one really won (well, the Kurds, and maybe Iran), but sometimes making something really bad suck less is a victory. Given that the people who architected the turnaround were not the people who started it, I'd say they did a pretty good job with what they were given. My strategy is to always leave a really easy "next task" when I'm done for the day, so I won't feel anxiety about "what should I do next" with any given project. I call it "park on a hill", the way you park a vehicle without a (working) battery/alternator/starter facing down on a hill, to let gravity help in push starting it (farmers do this with tractors all the time). Once you're immersed in something, creative block is a whole lot less likely. Rail seems like it would be a win for someone who was mobility impaired (wheelchair, old, morbidly obese, etc.). The only other viable option would be a specially outfitted car or bus. The times I've taken Amtrak (mainly for amusement value; Seattle-SFO and SFO-DEN), it was mainly old people (many of diminished mobility), some religious groups (mormons? menonites?), and foreign tourists. And mostly empty seats. People absolutely do move between states for politics. People who move directly for political reasons (taxes, regulations, etc.) are relatively small, but for instance I left California due to California firearms laws and taxes. A lot of people move for second-order effects of politics -- there is more new business activity in Texas than in Louisiana, New Hampshire vs. Vermont, and in South Dakota than Minnesota, etc. due to government actions, and people move for those jobs. Anon User has been steadily decreasing in prominence on Quora. I signed up in March 2010, and Quora has been my favorite site since then, mainly due to the initial population of users, those users setting a high standard, and then new users carrying though. There are a lot of Quora users I actually trust more than my facebook friends, and several I also like more. The slickest realtime UI I've seen to date makes the whole thing even more pleasant. For me, the personal benefits of reading more and better books (vs. whatever magazines or mediocre books are lying around) more than cover the costs. I wouldn't consider the Kindle an iPad replacement at all (I have both, and sometimes read books on the iPad in the Kindle App, but only when I want to use backlighting to avoid disturbing anyone nearby in a dark room) If I were Amazon, I'd bundle the Kindle with books, maybe in the form of a rebate -- if a user buys ~10 books in a year, he gets a $100 credit on a Kindle he has already bought. For a couple years, I've worked for a company founded by an MD ~20 years ago, doing PACS (Radiology IT system; basically how X-Rays and CTs and MRIs get distributed within a hospital, viewed by doctors, archived, and sent between sites; my particular client is the US military in Iraq/Afghanistan/Kuwait/etc.). The founder is an MD (Ortho), but I don't think he's ever practiced medicine. I would probably say he's a better businessman than 99% of the MDs I've met, but probably would have been a worse doctor. Generally, the perception of MDs in business, especially outside medical startups, is that they're horrible. First, they're usually convinced they're the smartest in the room, and even if they may be, that they're also the most knowledgeable about any given domain -- even if they have no idea about it. They often end up involved in mediocre small businesses, taken advantage of in scams, etc., due to being rich and bad at business. They're also super-expensive; education and debt. The best are probably military doctors who leave after their first tour, but even then, they're mid/late 30s. Within medicine, having an MD as the medical interface of your company (could be CEO, could be bizdev, could just be a chief medical officer) is essential. One of the factors limiting medical IT startups is that they're really just IT startups with some additional hassle, but the pool of suitable MDs willing to work in a startup is low. I think there are a lot of great opportunities in medicine: the PACS/Telemedicine field is open (especially for consumer-facing systems, or for SaaS); various forms of automation (pharmacy, EHR/EMR, lab, etc.) exist, but generally have been developed by large companies and aren't as well engineered as one would like, or as innovative -- the long product cycle, conservative buyers, and FDA regulations slow this, but the effect is greater than this can explain. Probably the best opportunity for disruptive innovation is direct, consumer-facing health, especially in less or unregulated areas. Scott Adams (Dilbert)'s idea of passively monitoring one's daily life, then when you get sick, go back and look at the previous N months of data archive and identify causes or lifestyle issues; then do statistical analysis across people, is one idea. Providing better realtime advice and decision support about things with health impact (diet, exercise, various drugs, ...). I guess the most relevant question is about you -- aside from liking HN/TechCrunch, and being an MD, are you someone who wants to code? Work on hardware? Business? Do you like quick/simple projects, well-funded low risk big projects, or true startups? Are you location-specific at all? If it were me, if I didn't have 100% answers, I would probably try to intern or contract/consult with a variety of companies or projects, just to get a feel for how they work. Founding a startup is a 5-10 year project, so spending a year figuring out exactly what kind of startup, or if you want to do a startup at all, is probably worthwhile. My next project is actually an IT infrastructure thing, which has healthcare and defense as primary markets. In Brazil (and probably elsewhere in South America), real estate values go down (and thus crime goes up) the higher you go on the hills. Basically, this is because walking up and down the hills is arduous and sucks, and thus people try to avoid living on the hills if they possibly can. Thus you end up with favelas. If everyone had cars, or public transit, you would probably see better property values on hills, like you do in SF. Hunter's Point is actually very low population density, especially due to large properties like Hunters Point Naval Station and other industrial sites which are fenced and controlled. Bayview is higher crime, and shows moderate numbers on most of those maps (for violent crime). Murder isn't on that map. For gun-related crime, it is the top place in San Francisco, which is why the SFPD deployed the "ShotSpotter" system there -- basically a microphone array which can localize gunshots and notify the police. Your 3 examples are great, but they often end up being huge amounts of consulting -- you need to integrate with the quirks of how the specific practice works, and whatever hardware and existing systems they have already. A lot of this is related to insurance as well. I think huge conglomerates like Kaiser, which provide insurance and care through a single network, could go a long way to improving healthcare IT. At some point, they become big enough to actually become a device manufacturer, software developer, etc., or at least to allow a single product to take over their entire practice. It would almost make sense to have an IT-focused medical hedge fund which develops a great IT system, then goes around and buys practices in strategic markets to convert to the IT system; sort of like the medical borg. Mobile interfaces to existing EMRs would be interesting -- either within a hospital, or for consults outside. Being able to quickly check and see where someone is in the process would be great. The problem is this either requires huge amounts of customization to work with existing workflow, or adjusting workflow. Radiology with PACS is really the only case where workflow has been totally changed by IT, and that was mainly to allow perhaps the laziest specialists of all to work from home or the beach. I think it would be difficult morally for a doctor to do that. "Do no harm", and all. The most soulless way for an unethical MD to make money is probably to work with insurance companies to deny coverage, or work with lawyers to either award or defend cases, in cases where the medical science and financial interest don't align. It's interesting that they give out stock vs. cash as an employee referral bonus. I've never seen companies do that before, I'm not sure why. It's usually either a meaningless amount of cash ($250? Really? For a $100k/yr engineer? At that point just give a non-cash gift), or a substantial amounts of cash (approximately 25-50% of a contingency recruiter's fee). What's the reason for shifting? I disagree with his anti-engineering and anti-research points. Attacking pseudo-technical degrees like undergraduate business, sure. Attacking humanities research, sure. When I was at MIT, the best professors in lecture were actually top researchers (to the point of winning the Nobel). The best actual experiences I had were participating in faculty research (as an undergrad, you can actually contribute fairly meaningfully outside the core focus of the research; a CS/Math student can help out with data acquisition in a substantive way in Physics). Plus, undergraduate organizations like SIPB (which has developed KSplice, and which worked on many other interesting projects before) I don't think most of this would happen at a small liberal arts college. High school should cover liberal arts, plus a strong math and science program; this should be a universal education since it's essential to citizenship. College should be for jobs which require it (sci/tech, or perhaps becoming a high school or college educator). Many of the Kindle Ones had bad batteries which would self-discharge; Amazon would replace them for free. I had this problem (charge would only last a day or so), but I broke my K1 before getting it back to Amazon for repair (while durable, putting it in a bag with an inmarsat bgan terminal, then having 1000 pounds of other bags on top of the bag, leads to screen cracking...) I actually preferred the shape of the K1, and the buttons being on the left as well. The challenge is definitely liquid fuels for transportation, especially aviation. Stationary applications can easily go electric, and conceivably maritime transport could go to electric powered by nuclear or bulky non-hydrocarbon fuels, but aviation is weight and volume limited. The US Air Force has a goal of qualifying all of their aircraft to fly on biofuels by 2011; they've flown B-52s and other aircraft on 50-100% biofuel mixtures. Currently, most biofuels for aviation use cost several times what petrochemicals cost, but I could definitely see this changing. It's actually pretty easy to get a jet turbine to run on anything, but the difficulty is more with qualifying the entire storage/supply chain to be stable, and stability at temperature extremes. If the Air Force can transition to biofuels, it will be relatively easy for scheduled commercial flights to transition. Given relatively cheap electricity to input, there are plenty of processes to make liquid hydrocarbon fuels -- algae biodiesel, some forms of intensive agriculture, and CO2 sequestration from the air, as are pointed out in the article. These would be "carbon neutral" in terms of atmospheric CO2 as well. Systems like these (tactical SIGINT, vs. the kind of strategic collection of everything. like NSA does) have been part of war pretty much ever since radio was invented. Most of Rommel's awesomeness in North Africa was due to his superior radio directing finding units. No need to necessarily translate enemy communications if you know where they are and when they're sending. The premier tier-1/special mission unit in the US military (Intelligence Support Activity (ISA), aka "the Activity", Gray Fox, Torn Victor, Cemetery Wind, Centra Spike, ... they have a lot of code names) was basically the key piece in killing Pablo Escobar (the book "Killing Pablo" is a pretty good account). They're obviously extensively involved in Iraq and Afghanistan. One of the major reasons the military was more effective in 2005-now in Iraq, vs. 2003-2004, is that cellphones spread out to cover the whole country, and insurgents and their friends used cellphones (although this is more "strategic" vs. tactical/field gathering like this system). I'm just waiting for the first fully autonomous weapon which combines signals intelligence and killing -- flies around listening for a specific IMSI, then drops down on the target and blows up. The unsolved issue in nuclear maritime is making it cost effective, including all life-cycle costs. The US actually had a couple commercial transports which were nuclear powered (NS Savannah being the main one, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NS_Savannah ) , and the USSR built a few icebreakers and supply vessels, a few of which are still in operation. I think you have it all wrong. Food for pets has been done too many times, there is no opportunity there. The market is in food MADE OF pets, or perhaps home conversion kits to turn pets into food. Basically, a modified flobee. (Although I actually think open source UAV tools, especially for commercial use like monitoring farm fields, traffic, etc., would be a good opportunity.) What could an investor or board have done to have gotten you to agree with this back then? Offered $5-10mm cash off the table in another round? He sold a vibrant, viable business to...yahoo. Enough said. Startup 1 (HavenCo): I regret not being "incrementalist" enough -- should have had a plan for $200k, $500k, $1m, etc., not a plan for $5-10mm in spend. I'm still not sure if it would have ended up any differently, but it might have been technically more interesting along the way. Startup 2 (Iraq): I regret not vetting employees, and on relying on dishonest/criminal people. This killed a $50-100mm business. In both cases I regret not properly separating my personal and business fiances, such that I was broke (or ~$200k in debt) after each. I ended up having to do boring consulting for a couple years to stay above water, after each. For Startup 3, I've set aside a year of personal money which I won't touch, and am only working with people I trust -- I pretty much picked this of 2-3 other opportunities based on the skills of people I know and trust. I'm going for outside investment, even though it isn't absolutely essential, to enforce greater financial/reporting/fiduciary discipline, and to get really smart people involved -- I don't think advise from someone who won't invest is worth anywhere near as much. True; and according to NS Savannah's reports, it actually would have been viable during the 1970s. I wonder if there would be a business in either operating nuclear civilian ships, or outsourced reactor build and management. The irony being that some of the best prospects would be nuclear Very Large Crude Carriers. The other reason the Navy doesn't want 100% nuclear (and kept ships like the Kitty Hawk around) was some countries are weird about nuclear warships specifically transiting their waters; some are anti civilian nuclear too, but are generally more anti-nuclear warship. In Iraq. Given that it had pretty good traction as a bookmark site (and certainly wasn't the only project joshu had developed...actually several of the others were more interesting), it's very reasonable to believe it would have evolved into something different from what it was when sold. At Yahoo, it stagnated, just like every other acquisition Yahoo has made (Flickr is probably the most similar). Maybe I'm just paranoid and have low expectations for humanity, but I think the main demand for video interviews would be to do racial/ethnic/attractiveness discrimination on candidates. Early in the process, it would be a lot easier to discard all people of [unfavored group] without any allegations of unfairness. I think realtime interaction is the key element missing from most early-stage screenings, not video. I'd rather have an IM/irc/voice chat with someone, propose problems, and observe how he tries to solve the problem, than canned and rehearsed video clips. The only job for which I'd consider a canned video clip to be really useful is a job which requires producing canned video clips. I think it's a lot easier for one interviewer in a team of a few, going over a big pool of applicants, to reject people for personal/stupid/illegal reasons if he can do so anonymously. Say there are 20 women applying out of 100; if only 5 people are brought in for in-person interviews, and 0 are women, it's a lot easier and less open to potential liability than if 5 candidates include one perfect female candidate and 4 objectively-lesser male candidates, and the female still doesn't get the job. I think you're right to want people to be off the cuff, and also relaxed. I would personally try to emulate the traditional phone interview, optionally with video -- start off with some chitchat and background on the company to get candidates comfortable, and then ask questions which demand immediate and realtime, unrehearsed responses. You have the chance of making the process more efficient, especially when there are hundreds or thousands of applicants. Maybe use a video pitch by the interviewer, clip about the company, etc. to set the setting and make the candidate comfortable, and then do instant-response questions with video response. I might also start the interview with some super-softball questions, to get the user familiar with the system. "What's your name?" isn't really good, but some really easy tech questions or even general knowledge questions might be good. The main benefits to me in having a bunch of recorded interviews is that I can instantly drop one if the candidate is obviously a reject. It took me a few years of hiring responsibility before I got to the point of "I'm sorry, I have to end this now" if someone is obviously unacceptable 5-10 minutes in. A problem with doing that in real life is that you need to block out the whole interview on your schedule, and it's harder to fit other things back in once that is freed. Being able to outsource reviewing answers to other people in your organization would also be great -- e.g. sending the database question to your database guys. If you are really interviewing 1k people, you can have your database guy look at 10, grade those, and then have a junior person, based on those, grade any which pattern-match well, and refer the others back to the expert. I'd still prefer a written or executable test for most technical jobs, at least as my initial screen, and an IM or phone chat, but I could see the value of this for some roles. Discrimination can be done by employees even if it's not a company-wide policy. I have hired for or at 5 companies so far. I've never used video, and I have hired people based solely on phone conversations, or IRC conversations -- but usually phone/irc followed by an in-person interview. I can't think of any value of recorded video over realtime chat for anything except "create a video clip for me!" For a sales job involving in-person meetings with clients, a realtime video chat might be a bit better than realtime audio, but the difference is much less than the value of an in-person meeting. For a developer job, I would consider this totally without value. "IM presence" and "how well can he explain something in words" (voice or text) would be worth vastly more, and "sit next to me and do this task and explain it to me" would be the ultimate test. I can think of some (admittedly contrived) scenarios where being allowed to discriminate on illegal-in-the-US traits would be beneficial to the company. For instance, I think women would be much more willing to buy undergarments from women than (especially, unattractive) men. There are definitely people with a preference about the sex of their doctor. There are lots of documented studies about attractive people being more successful in management and sales, so especially if the hire is viewed as a long-term career move, hiring an unattractive person might be objectively inferior. There are specific, legal, questions you could ask which would be ok ("how many years of experience do you have with bras?", various technical questions, etc.) which might correlate highly with certain physical characteristics. I think there is a moral argument against discrimination on these grounds, but there's also an argument for letting companies make their own decisions. Even without legal prohibitions on discrimination, I wouldn't want to create a workplace where this kind of discrimination happened -- even if it were good for a specific job, it would also drive away other candidates for other jobs, and I think the net loss would be greater. If you could be a framework for any kind of question/response (and I think timed and interactive would be a plus), that would be great. If you could then make the "grading and evaluation" workflow on the employer side support routing through subject matter experts, a prospective team, manager, etc., based on either employer-specified rules, or some kind of policies which you suggest and which can be tweaked, I would probably use this, even without ever using the video portion. Time limits per question or per questionnaire would be useful. There are really two reasons: 1) Intelligence (and often job performance) is measured by how fast a problem can be solved. Within limits, it doesn't matter, and often a better solution that takes slightly longer to come up with is better overall. However, for a problem which is bounded in difficulty (such that a normal job applicant willing to put 2 hours into the interview could answer everything), being able to solve the problem in 24h vs. 2h is not really a good thing. 2) It's a lot harder to "cheat" on a realtime exam, especially on video. The purpose of the interview is to evaluate a candidate, and it's unlikely that candidate's much smarter (or paid) friend would be part of the long-term package, but it's entirely possible someone could be getting assistance during the interview. (it's basically like when a law or consulting firm sends a partner to win the business, and then has summer associates doing the actual work once they're engaged...) Assuming remote-interview-only, this would be a problem. Also, I view in-person interviews as fundamentally somewhat random. If you really like a candidate on paper (or on video), and he shows up and is close but not necessarily 100%, a lot of interviewers are willing to explain away problems as "he was nervous" or "having a bad day". Once an interviewer emotionally bonds with a candidate, it's a lot harder to be objective -- this is why I like to do early-stage objective/automatic screenings to determine basic competence. I already try to get transcripts/notes from interrogations^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^H^Hinterviews for this very reason. 90% of the information in 1% of the time (for a live interview, with hassle) or 10% of the time (for watching a recorded video/audio). It's actually sort of good for marginal candidates, though -- if it costs me much less to interview 100 vs. 10 people, I might look over a lot of people who would get rejected at an even earlier stage otherwise. I see the value for some jobs, but audio seems like it is just as good as video, much cheaper, less intrusive, and vastly more accessible. Same problem with low-resolution webcam video. I'm not arguing against the value of seeing someone in person (although depending on the context I would be happy to give up the extra data to get the whole thing done faster and more conveniently). I'm arguing against badly-lit, amateur video postage stamps. I think it's totally reasonable to not want to go (back) to a process-driven organization -- that's why a lot of founders end up leaving, even before a 4 year vesting period is done, to go do other things. Personally, I think you can optimize in hiring and picking your market to minimize the need for formal "process" or overhead as things grow. One amazing engineer requires much less process than a 10 person team. A consumer-focused product requires hiring a lot fewer salespeople than an enterprise/professional services company. Outsourcing non-core parts of your business, or choosing to live in high-margin smaller segments (e.g. licensing IP vs. owning a chip fab) can go a long way, too. A $10b company is still probably going to need to have a certain number of employees, and thus a certain level of process, but I think it can vary by a couple orders of magnitude on each. He's pretty unclear on economics, yes. Capitalism more efficiently allocates the labor of people than a command/communist economy. Thus, for the same population, a capitalist economy has more wealth -- it can spend this on better consumer goods AND better military hardware. The tokens themselves don't matter. As well, the "western world" was much bigger and better resourced than the soviet bloc, and started from a much higher level of development. It's amazing that the soviets were able to maintain some level of parity as long as they did (maybe to 1960-1965 in most military forces); for some things, playing catch-up was easier than initial development (nuclear tech, lots of other weapons, many consumer products), so it was easier to remain in a close second place than to potentially be the leader. It's pretty amazing, but people do rapidly adjust to bombing or other high-ambient-threat environments, possibly overly much so. Still obviously worth avoiding. The open question is if gen-Y will be even worse than the baby boomers. I don't think they can be, if only due to numbers. I am fully aware of the quality of Russian military equipment and military during WW2. (they had the best mass-produced tank in the war, one of the best air support fighters, and they had much simplified logistics vs. the US) However, after Stalin purged most of the officers, and the damage of WW2 to the industrial base, and then the results of planned economy (shrinking the overall size of the economy), it's pretty amazing they had the resources to maintain near-parity with the US for ~10-20 years. They only really achieved this by devoting a much larger fraction of their industrial base to the military than was done in the west. Also, any discussion of Russia during WW2 needs to include Simo Hayha ("White Death"), just because he's the most amazing sniper in the history of the world. Within Europe, they had a massively superior conventional force, to the point that the US almost certainly would have initiated the use of nuclear weapons (tactical or strategic), after being overrun. Part of this is that they really only had to put their forces on their own border, and could support them with lines of communication entirely on land and within their own territory. The US had to pay a lot more to sustain forces in Europe, and keeping the Atlantic open during a major war would have been difficult. At some point, nuclear forces are pretty much a binary thing -- either you have enough to guarantee a second-strike countervalue capability, or you don't. China seems to believe it can do this mission with ~200 warheads, today. A pilot's license is $5-10k and maybe 400 total hours of time (50+ flight hours, maybe setup and commute to/from, ground school and study). Most of the good/cheap flight schools are in Florida (since the weather is consistent, land/fuel/etc. is cheap -- one of the main issues with doing VFR training in a place with variable weather is that VFR conditions aren't always met). I think Arizona and Texas are popular too. Delaying college by going into the military for 2-4 years seems to work out pretty well. Some of the best students I've met have been on the GI Bill. An approximation for non-military-inclined people would be spend a year or so traveling, and then learn some relatively straightforward but non-trivial skill (say, photography, or field service engineering for a certain kind of hardware), and then traveling around to do that job (even if you end up net losing money). It's cheaper than college, and generally better preparation for life. It then makes college itself much more valuable. I would actually be curious to see ads from any advertiser specifically targeting the hn community. I think it's a bad idea to run on the main site, but it would be neat to have an "ads" link at the top which goes to a page of ads, maybe tailored for the individual, as an hn-user. If they did this, hn should probably just donate the revenue to charity (like AVC does); startup-outreach-in-public-schools would be a great charity, and ultimately beneficial to yc. (pay travel expenses to have founders of startups speak at 6-12th grade schools) I would call the credit card company and report the card as lost/stolen, immediately. Then, set up a policy requiring 2 people to sign for all purchases, and pay for things by company check only. Establish a formal expense reimbursement process. You can probably get an accountant or bookkeeper to help you set this up. If this person was initially a friend and productive, and suddenly started behaving differently, there are three possibilities. 1) He was always a bad person, and you just didn't notice. 2) He has given up on the company for some reason related to the company, and is being passive-aggressive, plus inherently somewhat dishonest. 3) He is having personal financial/emotional/etc. problems. Not sure how you would determine which of the above it is, or how best to respond. I've had embezzlement happen at a company I owned, and it ended up killing the company (the scale of embezzlement was high, and it wasn't a normal tech company). Ultimately, the problem is a lack of process/controls, adequate enforcement and supervision, and hiring immoral people. As a result, I am much more cautious with all of those things now. I think you're more doomed due to lack of founder vesting than anything else. Southwestern Washington (Vancouver, WA, etc.) seems like an even more cost-effective location (0% corp and personal tax in WA, although there is the B&O tax). I'm not sure if the tax/cost savings would make up for the general awesomeness of Portland and suburban/rural boredom of SW WA though. It being almost exactly 4 years in makes it seem a lot more likely that he's fully vested and is now looking at doing something new. I personally think some mix of time-based and milestone-based vesting would make sense for founders. Basically, you get some of your equity for reaching product market fit on various metrics, some for profitability, and some for scaling. A lot of startup founders would move on after reaching one of those milestones. If the company is doing very well, but you just don't want to be in the "scaling" role, you could accept longer vesting of the remaining stock in a different capacity, maybe one where you can work on another project full-time. I feel pretty bad about assuming there was truth to this, initially. If DADT was in fact a contributor, I wonder if the response would be greater restrictions/prohibition on gays in the military, or allowing open homosexuality. I think it's more that the people on the eBay side were either morons or in breach of their own fiduciary duty to eBay shareholders. The deal terms were voluntarily accepted by eBay; terms which were insane. Plus of course the total lack of any strategic value for eBay. It was the worst tech M&A of its size. Yes, the author of this post clearly has no idea about enterprise/government security policies -- they exist for security and for contractual compliance. He used the example of Manning in Iraq (who was allegedly inside a SCIF, but consciously violated security policy, whether or not you think what he did was right) -- the purpose of all of that is to make sure your honest and trustworthy employees aren't accidentally compromising sensitive information, and to protect from outsiders. You don't body cavity search your own cleared engineers because that is not generally the threat, and it's highly invasive. There is information protected against willful disclosure by trusted individuals, and that information is kept inside a hardware security module and/or is never accessible to individuals. e.g. nuclear weapons have a "no lone zone" around them, such that if any person (even the commander of the base) is in that space alone, he is presumed to be doing something evil, and is supposed to be stopped (using lethal force if necessary) on sight. That level of security just isn't warranted for most things, but "work on material in a secure room, and the information doesn't leave the room except by defined channels" is a pretty good level of security. DoD has a lot of security vulnerabilities, but security would not be improved by allowing telecommuting! I hate open plan offices especially when they're shared across multiple work groups, functional areas (e.g. devs sharing with phone ad sales!), or even worse, companies. I think the happy medium is some flexibility among telecommuting, private offices, group work areas (taking over a conference room, or something less formal), and informal mixing areas. There is no single office environment which is best for all tasks. I'm at my most productive by telecommuting from home one day a week, and daily from 0600 to 1000 (not always on the main company project); then working in the office, meeting with clients outside, etc. from 1000 to 1800, and then whatever team building, client events, etc. from 1800 to 0000. I just went from "full time deployed contractor wage" to "use up vacation time, regular wage", and in a couple months, will go to no income. I should have 2 years of savings and no debt (finally!), but it's still scary. Every single dollar spent is less runway. If I don't have income from my startup by next fall, I'll probably be doing consulting or getting a job, or at least seriously looking for one. Yes. Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS, www.maps.org) is my #1 destination for donations. I think the war on some drugs has done more to damage the US than anything else, and this seems like the most reasonable pathway to fix this -- showing that various "evil" substances are medically useful. I also donate to: EFF, Gun Owners of America, NRA, Tax Foundation, the National Cryptologic Museum, and the Singularity Institute for Artificial Intelligence. I'd like to donate to global, national, and local (Seattle or WA/PNW) environmental groups which are responsible and not "Environmentalists"; buying land privately and being responsible with it seems to be a more direct way to accomplish this. This is very common with online gaming (== gambling) sites, and payment systems; anything where there is obviously money being processed. The assumption is that some (crazy) people are running tor exit nodes on IPs shared with other traffic. That is IMO a seriously bad practice; even putting stuff like that on the same /24 as critical servers is probably a bad idea. I'd be interested in working from somewhere interesting (Germany, Chile, New Zealand, etc.) for 6 months, but I'm not really that interested in being a beta tester for a new government program. I also don't speak any Spanish. Costs (due diligence, fund raising, overpriced salaries, legal) would make a VC like this unprofitable. Banks are the solution for institutional small-scale low-risk finance, via debt. Retail/commercial bankers are excessively conservative in some ways now (due to regulations); the traditional "small town bank" which originated and held loans to small businesses, property finance, etc. within a specific community was a much better option. Banks have a low cost of capital (from deposits), and should have minimal marginal overhead making each loan. By having "community membership" as one of the metrics for giving a loan (i.e. you've lived in this town for 20 years, and have been a customer, are known to be able to run a certain kind of business, ....), due diligence costs for making a reasonable new loan are a lot lower than for a VC. Angels (who effectively use sweat equity to cover their own overhead) are the other. The thing you are missing is that each series A deal a traditional VC does has a 50-100% the invested capital cost in overhead, opportunity cost, etc. At that point, shooting for 3x returns becomes a lot less appealing, especially over 10 years. Banks as they exist today are a non option for most business financing. This is sad, and a big change from the peak of us civilization (18xx to maybe 1969) Specialist banks like svb and square can use debt to let you stretch an angel round (equipment financing, maybe invoices on enterprise sales, maybe an a to b bridge loan) but are not a replacement for equity risk capital in seed or series a. I am trying e same thing over the next five months, but I plan to rent apartments for a month or so and travel in between. I like having the Internet, shower, and laundry problems resolved, and I'd like to get to know places beyond superficial tourist level. Plus I have friends visiting for a few weeks at a time. Which cities have worked out well or poorly for you? I'm probably traveling a bit heavy right now (mbp 17, 7d and lenses, kindle dx, iPad, outdoor, business, and casual clothes, global blackberry) and going for value luxury (50-100 per night for a 2br 5 star hotel suite, or a nice condo rental). I think that will increase my productivity and happiness, but I'll try the lowest cost option later this year. The people in student or backpacker places are definitely more interesting than at the oriental or peninsula. Mainly Asia and au/nz for now, and Europe probably next, and then maybe a couple months of USA. Specifically, it is hard to develop meaningful long term romantic/sexual relationships if you are transient. Women especially seem to value stability and investment in a community, even beyond the purely logistical issues. This isn't much of an impediment to spending a year or two in this lifestyle, but after doing this for basically my entire adult life (since 1997 and leaving MIT), there are decided sacrifices. It's completely idiotic to openly carry a fake weapon. Carry a concealed weapon, or open-carry a real weapon, or carry nothing, but never open carry a fake weapon. Nothing good can come of it. Carrying weapons from the car back to my apartment in a shared building elevator is one of the main reasons I want a house with an attached garage next. It's perfectly legal in California to have uncased longarms in the trunk, and my car actually can't fit big rifle cases in the trunk (only soft cases or uncased rifles) without putting down the rear seats. The look on a neighbor's face when you've got a TRG-42 slung over your shoulder in the elevator is priceless... From the US, currently in Thailand (heading to Australia) The batteries are charged from the main Diesel engine, but it's still more efficient, even with the conversion losses, due to load variation through time. The issue is that the energy needed for the "hotel load" for the truck to run air conditioning, TV, etc. is very small compared to the size of the Diesel main engine (which is sized for propulsion, especially acceleration and going up a grade). Diesel engines use a roughly constant amount of fuel up to maybe 25-50% load, and then increase specific fuel use fairly slowly up to the efficient design level (which is probably highway cruise for most truck engines), and then increase specific fuel use much more quickly to peak power. (this depends a lot on the engine, and turbo/supercharged engines can have a wider band of efficiency) By using an electric battery, and then charging it during normal use of the truck on-road, you change from a long duration inefficient use of the main engine, to a slight increase in power used during cruise (and it's a load which can be shut off instantly -- so you could run the charger during low-stress cruise, keeping the truck at maximum efficiency, or even run it entirely on regenerative braking in a future generation of the product). Another option would be keeping a small Diesel APU on the truck to run rather than idling the main engine, but there are other benefits (noise, environmental) to the electric system. Given the right charging The main penalty here is cost/complexity/weight of the system (which adds to fuel costs), but long-haul truckers pretty much sleep in their trucks every day, so it looks like it pays for itself quickly. The other main system I've seen is "IdleAir" -- it's electricity, internet, and HVAC delivered by a flexible conduit into the truck. A central system at a truck stop provides it to all the trucks. When I go on road trips (in a car), I've often wished for something similar -- I take breaks from driving every 2-4h, and sometimes to sleep overnight in rest stops, and being able to plug in and get power/internet/hvac without idling my car would be great. In some climates it's ok to sleep in a car without running HVAC, but in 130F sunlight, or -40F cold, that's not really an option. Long-haul truckers (and fleets) are probably the most fuel-use conscious drivers out there, so this kind of technology should be rapidly adopted. There are radio call in-shows catering to truckers where they discuss slight improvements in fuel economy due to tire tread pattern and wear, paints, fuel additives, aerodynamic optimizations, etc. That would actually be a decent application for StickyBits on UPC codes for popular products. I actually drive SF to Seattle (and any shorter distance; there is zero chance I'd ever fly SFO-LAX or SFO-LAS) to avoid commercial flights. I've met Adeo many times (as a student in the Founder Institute) and I'm impressed that he kept his cool as well as he did. I'm also amused to learn just how long his name really is :) Adeo is principled in that he is honest and consistent. He's not an unadulterated cheerleader, and in Founder Institute, the aggressive/pressure inducing techniques (standing up before the room and having Adeo and investors/mentors question your idea) serve a very obvious purpose -- if your first high-pressure experience pitching your idea is in front of a VC, and you fuck up, you are doing it wrong, but it is a lot harder for standing up in front of a room of cheerleaders in training to be an effective simulation. If someone is unwilling to endure high stress situations, that person should just get a job somewhere, vs. being an entrepreneur (and Founder Institute is pretty biased toward whole-business founders, vs. tech people). Calling people fat/ugly/bald/etc. is just a way to try to put them off guard. If you go out drinking with Adeo after Founder Institute, he's definitely a nice guy. I'm looking for a technical/business cofounder or two for my new virtualization/cloud security infrastructure thing. I am spending the rest of 2010 outside the US, but will be moving somewhere (default: Palo Alto) in January 2011, and am working on it remotely now. I'd be flexible on location (within the US, Austin and Seattle are on my list; NYC is the only major city I rule out), or international, but I think there's a better sales/marketing/talent case in the US. I'd also like to find a kickass startup enterprise sales guy -- someone who can be hands on to start, and then either transition to building/running a team, or just being a great individual contributor. That could be one of the founders, or sometime in 2011. I know some great people around SFBA, including some domain experts for some of the core technologies, but I'm very interested in having the best founding team possible, so any additional options would be great. AIG failed due to AIG Financial Products, which sold overly-cheap high risk derivative Credit Default Swaps on mortgage-backed securities, not due to their core insurance business. CDSes are insurance of a sort against default risk, but they didn't involve actuaries, a real risk model for pricing, etc. All the other parts of AIG were actually doing quite well. The irony here is that anonymous digital cash protocols, while complicated, are also basically built around digital tokens or "coins", so efficient change-making is still relevant! (although the coins would be handled by software, so 11 or 37 unit coins would be acceptable; generally systems have used coins in the powers of two sizes, to reduce number of coins per transaction, at the expense of total number of denominations). Sitting around and doing nothing (or driving around the country in an RV, etc.) is the most depressing thing I can think of doing. I hope when I'm >65 I am still working, if not in an operational role, in some kind of investor or advisory role. Retirement from a physically demanding job makes sense when you can't do that job any more, but enduring a job/life you hate, just to reach (hopefully) retirement and finally enjoy life, really seems like the wrong model. This looks like an interesting position, and it seems like maybe you're putting more emphasis on doing infrastructure/ops yourselves vs. trying to outsource as much as possible to a hosting or "cloud" provider. Rock on. While I respect your desire to be stealthy, I'm curious how many developers you have (i.e. is ops being hired after you've hired ~5 developers, or after 2?), and what are your reasons for (presumably) coloing your own boxes vs. either using managed hosting or ec2? (I personally think each solution has its merits, and for anything security or performance/jitter/avail/config critical, I'd still go with a cage and leasing or buying hardware; EC2 rocks for ease and in 5 years will be even better, and is great for dealing with peaks) She lives in Washington, so I'd take "reasonable precautions" with a threat like that, but not go overboard. You can get a concealed pistol license on a shall-issue basis in WA (I have one, it took about an hour), pick up a gen3 glock 19 and holster, take a couple Massad Ayoob LFI classes, get an unlisted phone number and an alarm system for your house, register some stuff to a PO box vs. a home address, and that's pretty much enough for any non-specific non-state threat. And even that is probably overkill. I absolutely agree, for the average citizen of a first world nation who isn't at any particular special risk. However, when you face a credible death threat for your (principled, honorable) actions, you have the choice of backing down, running, or standing your ground. If you're going to stand your ground, it is prudent to be armed. During the Civil Rights movement in the south, Rabbi William B. Silverman stood up for the rights of blacks. Some racists threatened him and his children. Instead of backing down or running away, he got a .38spl revolver (and became a deputy sheriff), and drove his kids to school every day vs. having them ride the bus; no one touched him. From a practical perspective, is it a bigger sacrifice to change your name, give up your job, and go into hiding, or to spend a few thousand dollars becoming credibly able to defend yourself with a firearm? Offended but law-abiding armed Muslims are fine. (and I think some of the EDMD cartoons were offensive, and if I were a Muslim, more of them would be offensive to me). Non-law-abiding potential-assassins aren't going to have difficulty becoming non-law-abiding armed potential-assassins. Armed but historically fairly incompetent assassin vs. somewhat trained, alert, armed target has a lot better odds for her than vs. an unaware target. She would get more value out of training than the weapon itself, in that it would allow her to spot threats, but there are definitely situations where then being armed would be the best response to a threat (particularly in the hope). Generally the kind of people who act on fatwahs to kill people like that are not super ninja assassin masters, but actually fairly incompetent. Being alert (which is one of the main things taught in self defense classes) would be a huge advantage, but in a place like the home, being armed would improve one's chances substantially. Definitely, those people exist. I would not advise those people to pick fights with terrorists. AIDS also generally affects young and generally healthy people, vs. a lot of diseases which affect older people. From a purely economic standpoint, losing a 25 year old is more economically harmful than losing a 5 year old or a 65 year old. IBM and Sun Microsystems (one of the first workstation vendors, then seller of servers, especially to finance; now an obscure division of Oracle, a commercial database company) used to do something similar with their biggest machines -- ship a fully populated high-end server, and then sell activation of CPU and memory resources after the fact. I don't know how this was enforced; I think it was mainly done at the OS or firmware level, not at the CPU level. There is if you count state and local taxes. In California you can be paying 9.3% + 1.0%, and in other places (NYC) it can be even higher. At 39.6 + 9.3 + 1.0, you would be above most countries in the world. I think people don't (at least in the US, and probably globally, generally) begrudge people what they view as "fair" rewards, especially if they themselves might have a shot at them. Most of the political supporters of low taxes in the US are actually not incredibly high income, but people who think they may have high income in the future. If you view most wealth and income as coming from fraud/crime or deceit, then it is much more reasonable to want some kind of confiscatory taxes. I think in the past, most Americans with relatively high incomes (doctors, small business owners, etc.) were well respected for contributing more value to the community than they took out in salaries. It is a lot harder even for me as a libertarian to defend those who make huge amounts of money from wall street, government regulation, etc. In most third world countries with pretty open class warfare, the rich have largely made their money from extractive industry or other exploitation. I'm not sure if this is cause or effect -- there's a strong argument that living in a country where wealth only comes from that kind of thing actually turns your country into a horrible place to live, any where anyone who would otherwise be productive would then want to flee to be productive elsewhere. I can't imagine anyone who lives in SF ever leaving anything visible in the car. Even leaving spare change or an old blanket in the back seat causes people to break in within hours (causing damage to the vehicle far in excess of any value of property stolen). One of the worst parts of SF. Contrasted with most Gulf Arab countries where I felt comfortable leaving $10k+ in equipment in unlocked vehicles parked for days. FICA phases out around $100k, but there's also the future ObamaCare 3.8% tax (unearned income) 0.9% (earned income) as well (currently legislated to begin 1 JAN 2013). The amusing thing for me is that there are certain incomes where the marginal rate actually goes down when income goes up (although absolute taxes paid always go up), due to phase-outs of deductions, various regressive taxes like FICA, local, etc.. It's actually quite complicated -- someone did a table on Quora, which I can't readily find right now, and it looks like the marginal rate peak for a single person was usually around 180-220k. From a purely efficiency standpoint, it seems like one would want the marginal rate function to be as smooth and ideally monotonic (if not strictly monotonic) as possible. Something being deductible on federal is nowhere near the same as a tax credit. You don't get a tax credit for state/local taxes. You get a deduction (which doesn't apply under AMT). So, if you're in the 25% bracket, you can deduct your 10% state taxes, which reduces it from 25+10% to 25+10-(0.25*10). California's 9.3% is the top regular marginal income tax rate. There is also an 8-10% state/local sales tax. There is no way around the analysis that California and New York are relatively high tax states compared to Nevada and Washington. Clean air, clean water, especially at the most local level, matters a lot more to me than global and theoretical things like CO2, definitely. I think the environment is way too important to be left to people who use "environmentalism" as a religion; it needs to be given reasonable cost/benefit analysis. Asia has come a long way in converting fleets of vehicles to LPG/CNG (taxis, buses, and other vehicles with really high miles and idle hours in downtown cores), which has improved air quality greatly. I'd rather have affordable electricity and running water than huge declines in CO2 emissions, too, of course. I am sort of interested in doing a vertical-market payment app, similar to paypal, in a well-regulated, legal US market where paypal refuses to transact for utterly bullshit political reasons. There was a recent (2010) player who folded due to internal mismanagement/fraud, but it's fundamentally a pretty good market, and if you can launch a simple payment system in that one, you can move on to other niches. The problem with a payment system in 2010 vs. 1995 is that credit cards and paypal are "good enough" for most applications. The only niches available are micropayments (never proven to be viable), markets incompatible with paypal or cc (square extends cc; P2P, international, high risk, porn, gaming, other banned things), or non-cash transactions (trading credits for WoW, or gigabytes of storage, etc., might be an option) Strict smoking bans make a big difference for smokers, but not such a big deal for second-hand smoke. (I find it offensive if someone lights up a cigarette or cigar next to me without asking, and in some cases like at a sushi bar, I will cause this behavior to end, but casual infrequent exposure doesn't deliver that much incremental pollution to the lungs.) I agree Asia is way more affected by this than most of the US; I'm actually looking forward to being in SF or Seattle for air/water quality and not in Asia where I am now. $100 would do more good for more people in the highest-pollution cities, but if someone is donating to charity, it is up to him if he values places he lives/people he is near/places he visits over the rest of the world. Wow. I didn't realize it was that big a risk factor. (I certainly wouldn't want a child care provider smoking around my hypothetical children; that seems like the biggest gain for the lowest loss of liberty.) Releasing "standard financing documents" like this is a win in two ways -- it saves you from the legal costs of creating documents from scratch each time, AND provides an "objective" "standard" set of documents, so people are less likely to waste a lot of time and energy negotiating. Or, if they do negotiate, at least there is a fair starting point. If foreign countries wanted to try to recreate Silicon Valley (as the Startup Chile people are doing), they should create equivalent financing docs under their own national laws and publish them. A well-understood legal environment with lawyers/etc. familiar with the process is one of the big advantages of Silicon Valley and the US. Mark Zuckerberg's most valuable friend is/was Sean Parker. Thanks to Sean, Mark retained control of the board, and thus was able to avoid the utter disaster of a $1b sale to Yahoo. Sean got to see what happens when shortsighted VCs get control before (at Napster and then Plaxo); he's smart enough to not get screwed the same way thrice. Be glad you missed out on 1998-2000. http://www.quora.com/How-did-Mark-Zuckerberg-retain-control-... You make it a negotiating point; you might have to accept lower valuation or other terms to protect investors if you push on board control. Being obviously brilliant, responsible, and experienced (Parker) goes a long way in those negotiations too. Somehow I doubt this is the last rocket, balloon, or other high altitude vehicle they will be building, too. (Thankfully, I am not a lawyer, but I've lived outside the USA for all but 30 months from age 18 to 31. This is not legal advice.) For US citizens, you need to be aware of a lot of additional regulations -- US citizens are taxed globally, and if you make more than the $6k or so minimum, you must file a return every year. You have a certain exemption (approximately $95k now) on your income, so if you make less than $95k per year, you don't owe any tax, but must still file. If you are in a location which has its own taxation, you may need to pay, and then use a tax treaty with the US to deduct foreign taxes paid, avoiding double taxation. Basically, if you have substantial income or assets, you should use an international tax attorney to handle these matters for you. Only an attorney has attorney-client privilege, and your average US tax preparer (or even worse, H+R Block or something) has no clue whatsoever. If you make There are lots of weird and non-intuitive special case rules built into the tax code, such as a restriction on "controlled foreign corporations", where >50% or so of the equity is owned by US persons, and are then subject to lots of extra US reporting requirements. This prevents a lot of the naive "keep all income in the corporation, pay yourself a trivial salary, expense all your personal expenses through the corporation" schemes, but also complicates legitimate foreign businesses owned by Americans. This is the kind of stuff you want the tax attorney for. Right now I am personally stuck outside the US for the rest of 2010 due to taxes -- I worked in Iraq until August, making more than $95k, and thus it is a net savings for me of about $20k in taxes by remaining outside the US for the rest of the year, thus keeping my 330 days out of 365 out of the US, than it would be to return to the US. I have 6 days left in the US this year, which I might use for YC interview if I apply. I plan to do my next startup in the US (maybe in tax-advantaged TX or WA vs. CA, but possibly just in the default of Palo Alto); taxes are annoying, but living outside the US is even more annoying. I never really get bored, but: * Go shooting (IDPA practice, high power rifle (which requires driving to Sacramento), teaching other people to shoot) * Reading books -- I have about a thousand Kindle books (yes, I went overboard) and have only read about 200. * Personal hacking projects (hardware more often than software; my new area of interest is ROV or autonomous underwater vehicle on the cheap to use when scuba diving) * Learning something new: SCUBA has been the new thing for September. Trying to become a semi-competent designer (or at least being able to ID someone else's design) is my goal for the rest of the year, plus understanding more about TPM and hardware security modules. * Maybe one or twice a month, some kind of party. As I've gotten older, I've gotten more into 5-15 person dinner parties or other low key things, vs. big raves, but both can be fun. Right, and they only have to give it to you once to steal the passphrase, and only have to give it to one or two persons of interest, not necessarily everyone, so it can be very difficult to detect. If they were smart, they'd also check headers and other info to try to prevent serving the trojaned page to someone who might be auditing. I'd include: 1) Hacker Dojo (conveniently near YC!) -- a slightly-more-corporate hackerspace 2) Computer History Museum 3) Weird Stuff and the other used hardware vendors 4) Drive by the "HP Garage" in Palo Alto 5) Facebook's new offices 6) In-N-Out 7) The Old Pro in Palo Alto 8) Drive by Moffett Field (and go inside if you can; there are events there a couple times per year) Weird, I've never been charged cover at Old Pro. Yeah, corporate compared to noisebridge. Uncorporate compared to most other places, although I would still say the dojo is a little more corporate than a lot of other hacker spaces (in a good way). I like both noisebridge and hacker dojo. This is pretty clearly just emergency prep food; no sane person would eat it on a routine basis, unless you had extremely limited logistics. It's cheaper to just buy normal bags of rice, etc. than to get the canned form, plus, it would be a difficult decision between suicide and homicide if stuck eating this for an extended period by choice. It's great to see mass-market retailers get into food security like this, but buying a pack of (IMO barely edible) food like this is probably not the most efficient way to solve the problem. Generally what people do in places which are often subject to 1-4 week natural disasters (big snowstorms, usually) is to maintain an extra stock of storage-compatible foods that you eat on a daily basis. i.e. if you eat rice, buy a 50 pound bag. If you eat meat, buy a quarter cow and put it in a separate chest freezer (which can last through a few weeks if not opened, even without electricity). If you eat a lot of veggies, go for #10 cans, or ideally, grow and can your own. The idea is to get the benefits of bulk-purchasing what you actually eat (so, lower cost per unit all the time), plus having an emergency capacity. Once you have a month or so of ready stores in your pantry, then maybe consider the long-term 10 year storage stuff. Reducing your daily costs by buying your daily foods in bulk gives you enough left over to start accumulating other supplies. Why would anyone feed their children TVP? Were your parents vegetarians, or cheap (and not very creative about food)? I think there is always a high chance of 1-4 week regional disruptions (big storms, etc.). There's also a pretty common fear that you may not have enough money to buy food in the future -- I think barely-middle-class people are not as familiar with the programs like food stamps, etc. which are going to usually prevent that as they decline in income. They may be homeless and out of work, but it's very unlikely that they will starve. Tell that to weev. (Raided by the FBI over the ATT iPad/goatse thing, and then prosecuted over small quantities of drugs found in his apartment) Would you really call it a $200k company with a 409a valuation? You say "a little more" -- definitely less than $500k or so? I'd probably bail on a $200k company with 5 years of effort sunk into it, on the principle of "throwing good money after bad", or at least try to shift it into a different line of business, or try to get my involvement down to 5h/week while producing $50-100k/yr of revenue, and doing something else. If we could get the smart people (physics, etc. graduates) from financial-masturbatory zero-sum games on wall street back to productive scientific and engineering enterprises, I'd feel a lot better about things. iProducts are expensive if you factor in the iTunes media sales/rentals, vs. free content on something like hulu, pandora (or bittorrent). While Apple TV makes sense if you use it as a Netflix box (although everyone has an xbox360 or ps3 already for that), renting TV shows looks quite expensive. I'm uninterested in Hulu as a business, but if this means the IPO window is open (thus allowing people to exit financially while retaining founders in management roles and in control), I'm elated. Have you tried Oakley gloves? Some are fairly waterproof (and yet breathe), and they seem durable and well fitting, at least to me. I'm curious about xtranormal as a business. They don't seem particularly successful to date, and really don't invest much in either supporting breakout hits, or making their product viral. However, the idea of text-generated videos is pretty awesome. Is this just a Canadian thing? My favorite is by far http://www.xtranormal.com/watch/6752641/ -- anaesthesia vs. orthopaedics. 24h culture of silicon valley? Very very few things in the south bay are open even to 2300h...basically gas stations, a few grocery stores, and some fast food drive through. A lot of businesses close by 2000h, if not earlier. I would be fine with credit checks and criminal background checks being run on all final stage candidates, with consent. I hired a felon once and ended up losing seven figures. Not doing background checks on someone in a key position with access to customer information, etc. seems irresponsible. A low credit score should not be a disqualifier, but should be explained. If someone had gotten divorced or medical expenses or something, that isn't a concern (and I would consider advancing money to clear it up for any clearance investigations later), but if it is due to gambling, drug, etc. addiction, I would be very dubious unless there were a way to show it was not an ongoing risk. (similarly, there are some criminal convictions I would consider benign or even slightly positive, and others which would be disqualifies) I think it is worth considering how this applies to Hacker News? Hacker News is somewhat niche, although not particularly, and does not have particularly arduous requirements for joining or participating. Aside from the leaderboard and some informal recognition of really stellar contributors (pg, patio11, ...), it's a fairly flat system without rewards for status. Checking to see if Yahoo is back up today is actually the first time I've intentionally gone to www.yahoo.com frontpage in...8 years. I think he's talking about "late founders" -- early engineering hires who have enough personal wealth from early exits (or spousal income, savings, etc.) to potentially be founders on their own, who end up joining. In a lot of cases you give them 83b stock too, instead of options. Most of what he described is just best practice/common wisdom, although well presented -- the A-A, B-C thing especially, perks like monitors, etc. The "unique" points he raised, which I agree with, are salary/budget transparency within the organization, not trying to pay engineers as little as possible (but instead having fair compensation ranges without negotiation required), and minimizing commutes. Please note that the US military uses Hiluxes extensively in Iraq (and to some extent, in Afghanistan), too. We sold a bunch of Ford Rangers to the Iraqi and Afghan militaries (poor guys; those trucks are ok but the rear drum brakes consistently freeze up when parked in cold muddy conditions). The best truck is a hilux with the ignition rigged to just require a toggle switch to turn on, and the inverted "T" for center of gravity calculations when sling loading (and the dry weight in kilos marked on the side) on some duct tape on the side. Sometimes I've seen the rear seats turned sideways to serve as side gunners, with a pintle mount in the cargo bed (either on the light bar for forward arc only, or in the middle of the bed for 360 degree). Usually the US only does that with bigger trucks like the Silverado. I wish I could get a small common-rail diesel truck in the US, or maybe a diesel-electric hybrid, on the hilux chassis. A truck that size which could be a decent remote site electric generator would be amazing. The problem with small diesel trucks in the US, aside from consumer perception, is that certain states (e.g. California) have emissions regulations which make it very difficult to pass (particulates, nitrous oxides). Additionally, until 2008-2010, US diesel fuel was really high sulfur, which killed most emissions control systems. (the irony is now European fuel is higher sulfur). I think trucks under a certain weight had to comply with different emissions regulations (passenger car vs. truck), and without being able to sell in all 50 states, it was uneconomic to import. I've seen these, and bought some myself (replicas or mixmasters of old bolt or lever action guns, or flintlocks; they're in my colo cage now as decoration). They're amazing, although I wouldn't want to fire commercial/military ammunition out of one the first time. http://www.snotr.com/video/2154 is fairly accurate. http://www.motherboard.tv/2010/2/1/a-stroll-through-pakistan... There are plenty of AK-47s available now for ~$800 instead, but until around 2001, this was a popular way for some people to arm themselves. Unfortunately most of the common rail/high tech diesels are less compatible with vegetable-derived fuels than the older tech diesels. You can run biodiesel in some, but often not B100 -- but in the old diesels, you could run straight vegetable oil. The letter T, upside down, used to mark center of gravity for when you lift it on a sling underneath a helicopter. (total weight in Kg is also written on the tape) I'd rather see a new university which figures out a way to support founders starting startups AND grant them some kind of credential (in case it fails). Unfortunately much of the world is credential-based (especially Asian parents...), so being able to award a degree would make a difference in who could participate. Plus, if someone's startup fails, or he just realizes he'd rather do something other than startups, the credential makes getting a regular job much easier, preserving options. And of course immigration often depends on a degree, and using educational visas to get people into the USA in the first place would be a great hack. I think a 5-6 year program to get a SB in tech entrepreneurship, where 1-2 years are spent doing smaller projects and some regular classes (as applied to those projects), and then 4 years in a co-op program with your startup and students from the first 1-2 years, would be ideal. Maybe even grant a SB/SM in 6-8 years. Also, what random peasant farmer could read? If you're US citizens doing this, and >50% of the foreign corp is owned by US citizens, the company is a "controlled foreign corporation" and effectively treated by the IRS as a domestic corporation. If you don't report, you might not get caught, but then if you do get caught, you're approximately doomed. Basically three stages, with a few strategies per stage. I'll try to use well known to hn tech examples to illustrate. Early years (during the hedge fund): 1) The "cigar butt" value-investor -- looking for companies which held more book value (assets like cash on hand, factories, etc.) than capitalization (stock price times shares outstanding). Arguably Sun Microsystems (right before Oracle bought them) and Yahoo now are pretty close to this in big tech companies, but back in early/mid 20th century, there were LOTS of these. 2) Value investing -- looking for brands which have growth potential but are undervalued by the market. Apple right after Steve Jobs returned would be a tech example. 3) Special case situations, like arbitrage -- for instance, right before a merger, buying one or the other stock, and if you have someone like Apple releasing a product which has a component from one vendor, buying that vendor's stock. WB largely ended this strategy for two reasons: it was successful enough to use up most of the available opportunities (as well as attract copycats), and it was very labor/research intensive for the returns you could get -- good percentage returns, but it was difficult to employ large amounts of money. Sort of like angel investment vs. mezzanine IPO financing. Mid years (70s and 80s): insurance WB discovered the insurance industry (through GEICO), and basically had "free money" to invest (which is what an insurance company does with premiums). He went from value investing to buying entire companies (or large shares) which he thought would grow and remain good companies. Late years: (1990s to now): top-quality He basically has the problem of having too much money to invest, and thus can only go after the largest opportunities; a 10x return on $1m is not enough to move the needle. Thus, WB and BH buy entire top-quality companies, with a focus on sustained performance, vs. making a lot of speculative bets. The old-school WB (and even better, Ben Graham, his early role model), is the only interesting one to me -- once he had established his track record doing something well, he was in a position to make reasonable investments no matter what. Getting to that point was the interesting part. There are a lot of employers which have standard wage scales, so knowing anyone's salary is trivial with information like time of service. In the military, people wear their pay grade on their sleeve/collar/hat, so it's even more obvious. This doesn't seem to be a problem. The biggest problem is if someone perceives pay as unjust. I personally plan to publish salaries internally for everyone, along with all budgets (projected and actual). The primary benefit is making it transparent how much various resources cost -- often employees aren't expected to take into account the costs of various activities, like a meeting which uses 4-8 engineers, or the overhead of various admin tasks (like spending $20 of time to document a $5 expense). CEO (and other exec) pay seems to be most often out of line; Peter Thiel's observation about predicting the success of a company based on founder pay is great, and a founder making $0-60k/yr is in a much better position to negotiate compensation than a CEO (possibly founder) making $250k. Things I regret: - Not getting more involved in startups earlier (I should have gotten started in the early 1990s somehow when I first got on the Internet) - MIT vs. Stanford; being closer to startup ground-zero would have been worth it - Sticking around various jobs (vs. startups) longer than absolutely necessary; I could have spent maybe 4 years more from 2002-now working on startups vs. contracting and consulting, if I had been more willing to take risks. I think I've spent maybe 12 months total on startups after I should have left them; sometimes it is clear that for team/market (vs. product) reasons, a given startup is doomed. Until that point, it's still a worthwhile experience, as there is a lot to learn, and it's impossible to know it won't be successful -- after, it is a lot harder to stay motivated, even if the day to day tasks can still be educational. The stock must be acquired between 27 SEP 2010 and 1 JAN 2011. You then hold it for at least 5 years, and subject to the other provisions, it's exempt from federal tax (especially AMT!) when exercised. So, this is a bet on LT capital gains rates circa 2016+. But, a bet that doesn't particularly cost anything, assuming you were going to start the business in the next 3 months anyway. This will help founders as much as it helps angel investors. Assuming you're building a business which is likely to exit at $50mm or less (i.e. most consumer internet companies), the biggest hardship is holding on for 5 years, which could be a couple years after M&A exit. This also encourages founders to bring early employees into equity ownership by purchasing founders stock, vs. options, so those employees can get this favorable treatment. (generally, buying your stock with a right of repurchase ends up being a win because it converts ST to LT capital gains, anyway). i.e. on day 0, the company is worth $10k, because the founder puts in $8k of his own money, and the first 4 employees buy their grants for $500 each. High school sucks for everyone, but it's worst for LGBT than almost anyone else. Suicide rate is at least 4x what it is for the general teenaged population. However, despite being ~straight, I really want one of those "Android Pride" t-shirts from this video. Olin College was amazing; I wish I'd been a year or two younger so I could have been part of the founding class. They did backpedal a bit on the "free for everyone", unfortunately. Low earth orbit satellite constellations, especially using cheap picosats, also have a good chance of being lucrative. To date, they've been fiascoes (iridium, globalstar), but given a cheap RAMAC launcher to put $250k delivered cost satellites up, it should be feasible to do something like global EDGE coverage. The biggest issue is RF engineering (to get small antennas and tx power on both sides, maximum frequency reuse) and political (getting spectrum; steal it back from the 2.3ghz "we're a satellite network but operating entirely terrestrially" network). I believe in doing deployments for enterprise apps on Saturday or Sunday AM; everyone is still fresh vs. sleep deprived, and if something goes wrong, you have a long time to fix it. Plus, minimal impact on the customers. Another option is using the more-bogus holidays (Presidents' day?), or religious holidays you might not celebrate (Easter isn't that secular, so non-Christians can give it up). The trade for staff is that you get comp time to use later, and usually at some multiple. I love working on Christmas for 4 comp days later. Working a weekend and getting 2-3 days off mid-week is awesome; not only do you get more done while working uninterrupted on a weekend, taking a mini-vacation during the off days is very cost effective. $49 suites in Vegas, woo! I did this for 3 semesters after running out of money (at MIT, undergrad) and thus being unable to afford tuition. It was a little easier since I was in the system -- I could register, take classes, and then they would deregister me retroactively each semester. I got to take classes, sit exams, etc., just didn't end up with credit. I actually learned more in classes where I knew I wouldn't successfully remain registered than before, since the only reason was to learn. If the school itself hadn't screwed me over so much on financial aid/loans (0, since my parents wouldn't pay any of the "expected parental contribution"), I would feel bad for imposing marginal costs. Absolutely true. There are particularly murderous Al Qaeda people who were operating in Iraq (and Afghanistan), and they are in an entirely different class (actually evil) vs. the majority of nationalist insurgents or common criminals. Despite facing them as enemies, I wouldn't even consider most of the Taliban, Sunni former regime elements, or Shia militias to be evil for trying to kill the coalition military; the only really evil things they do are attacks on civilian population, and that isn't even done by the vast majority. In Iraq, we actually successfully reached out to a lot of the less-irreconciable elements ("Sons of Iraq") and gave them a role in the new Iraqi state. There were cases where one day they were engaging US forces, and they next day were recognized by US forces as a useful security force and given equipment (well, reflective PT belts from the PX, so we knew they were the "good" guys now) and support. I really like bottled iced green tea (available throughout Asia, and often in the US). I used to be addicted to Diet Coke (2-8L/day), but now that I have easy access to bottled green tea for $1/ea, that and water are pretty much all I drink. When I'm at home, I usually brew green tea and then drink it hot or iced, but for travel, something you can buy on the street in vending machines, 7-11, etc. is definitely worthwhile. I wish a fast food chain in the US would sell it. I think UberCab will end up needing to change their name (UberCar?) to distance themselves from the "cab" or "taxi" connotation, and position themselves as an alternative to cabs, vs. a kind of cab, more forcefully. Other than that, I think they now have the moral justification to trash the taxi industry and cartel in their marketing. This can probably end up being a net win for them. Speaking of offers of assistance, if any (US citizen, non-felon, responsible, fairly competent, preferably either prior service or at least compatible with the military in terms of putting up with bureaucracy) wants help getting into DoD contracting (sysadmin or development), I'd be happy to provide advice. I'm no longer actively contracting, but working on a tech company which will have DoD clients, but I still know a lot of people. Deployed or stateside. ryan.lackey@gmail.com. Any thoughts on buying my founder shares and cofounders and early team stock via a rollover as business startup (robs), ideally from a Roth? And or thoughts on same using small business jobs act of 2010. Goal is capital gains and amt minimization for scenarios from 10mm exit at 18mo to ipo and billions in 10 years, just to cover possibilities. The irony is I'd probably donate 90 percent after a certain amount. I do not understand your thinking here. If it's a ROBS, and you invest using already-taxed Roth IRA/401k funds as a rollover into a Roth 401k, you actually don't care about the basis. You just want to characterize it as capital appreciation on an asset acquired in the Roth. My understanding is ROBS, aside from being hated by the IRS if they step even slightly out of compliance with 401k regulations, are basically close to magic. $50k to set it up, invest $50k in a company to give it $50k capitalization, and sell the company later for $10b; zero tax owed. With the SBJA2010, you have a similar deal; as long as the capital gain is due to the sale of a qualifying asset, you owe no capital gains, and it doesn't fuck you for AMT either. I really have no idea on Canadians; you certainly are limited, and I think the standard solution here is to get a Canadian clearance and then use the bilateral canada/us or NATO matching to participate. Sorry! The necessary piece of information here that most people don't make explicit is that US persons (natural or companies) are liable for all income worldwide (incl. from foreign subsidiaries when they bring that cash back to the US); the thing Google is doing just deferring that day by holding the money offshore. In practice they can defer indefinitely, and use the overseas cash to finance overseas operations, make overseas investments, etc. There are cases (Barbados!) where due to awesome double tax treaties, you can actually end up paying less US tax under a double tax treaty than in a zero tax jurisdiction subsidiary -- mainly by using the foreign entity in the double tax jurisdiction to recharacterize earnings as capital gains or dividends. There was a period where dividends were not taxed much. Even when magic loopholes like that only exist for one year, it becomes a big deal because these pools of offshore deferred earnings can all stream through during that window. The Philippines also tax worldwide income. I think they and the US are the only which ALWAYS tax all worldwide income of their citizens/permanent residents. Actually, a lot of countries tax worldwide income if you are resident in the country; it's just that there is a procedure to establish non-residence (e.g. for Canadians who are outside Canada for a certain number of months/years, or UK people), and then they are not liable to tax. A lot of other countries only tax some people on worldwide income (e.g. not taxing foreign income of new citizens in New Zealand for like 4 years), and others never tax foreign income. International tax law is a constantly shifting swamp of lameness. (there's also the Foreign Earned Income Exemption (around the first $92k/yr of income); i.e. why I have been on vacation for Q3/Q4 2010; it saved me more money to remain outside the US and work on my startup part-time while SCUBA diving and exploring Asia, than returning to the USA mid-year). 1) The state where you are physically going to be present is going to want to tax you. If you incorporate in DE (zero tax basically, some fees and such), but are physically running the business from San Francisco, you owe the CA Franchise Tax Board all income tax. 2) DE is basically the correct choice (and C Corp) if you plan to take outside professional investment, maybe sell the corp, etc. And doing it properly will cost about $5-10k; probably closer to $10k if some of the principals are non-US-Citizens. For any other business, you could consider C or S corp or LLC in your state-of-intended-operation, to lower costs and hassle (so you only have to file with one state). If you base yourself in Nevada, you pay no tax and cheap filing costs; if you base yourself in NYC, ouch. Of the "startup friendly states", I think TX and WA have the best tax situations, but both have a weird corp tax (basically, on your gross receipts, vs. profits), which can actually be worse for an R&D intensive business (negative profits for a while) or a low-margin business). 3) This depends on the specific country you're moving from (i.e. where you hold citizenship), the visa you're on in the US (if you're not a US citizen), etc. There are pairwise double taxation agreements between countries, and I think some EU-USA stuff. It also depends on the kind of earnings you have -- if it's wage income, for work performed above-board in the US, you'll be paying US taxes + medicare/social security, and probably crediting that against your possibly-higher foreign-citizenship taxes. If it's capital gains, it depends on where you are when you realize them, and what visa, etc. you have. It's complex. Generally, because startups are positive-sum, and your customers and competitors are not out to kill you (and in fact, in a lot of cases, other firms in the same field, even if they compete, will cooperate on standards, support each other incidentally by growing the market, and can coexist nicely). As well, while the government sometimes gets in the way of startups, and some things like IP law can be roadblocks, startups aren't generally doing something explicitly illegal, and your risk of being shot by the feds on a daily basis is a lot lower. I wish there were a hacker specific couch surfing type site. I don't think posting here can scale, but this is about the best right now. Maybe a way to support arbitrary affinity groups? When I was in SFBA, I met several (7?) girls from OkCupid. They were all seriously insane, in different and interesting ways, except for one, who was actually a pretty awesome engineer and decent human being (and who turned out to be friends with a lot of my other SFBA friends already). Guess which one I didn't actually date due to leaving the country a few weeks later :( Afghanistan is actually much simpler than Mexico, making the case for either decriminalizing opium or at least doing the Italian red cross plan of buying all the opium produced much more significant than it is in Mexico, as I'm sure you're aware. Drug smuggling out is fairly widespread and finances bad stuff; very little else is smuggled in or out, except for a bit of quasi-legitimate reimport of stuff on the Pakistan border to get around absurd Pakistani tariffs on stuff like cars, and moving fighters across the Pakistan border. Child (or general human trafficking) isn't a viable market: Afghanistan can't afford to smuggle children in, and Afghan children mainly are consumed in the domestic market. ("woman for breeding, boy for pleasure, melon for sheer delight"). Very few Afghan women become prostitutes outside of Afghanistan or Pakistan (unlike Iraqi women in the neighboring states/Gulf). There aren't many migrant workers moving across the borders either, mainly due to a lack of an economy in any of the neighboring states. Iran and Pakistan have a fair number of refugees, but they are fairly static, and don't actually work in Afghanistan, Pakistan, or Iran. Eliminating opium as a profit source would eliminate the weird choice between befriending farmers as local allies AQ/Taliban vs. destroying opium (and thus making those farmers into enemies or enemy sympathizers for purely economic reasons), and would definance most of the Taliban (if not AQ, still financed via Saudi recreational jihadis). Smuggling people is actually easier than smuggling drugs (well, adults, either as migrant workers or prostitutes; children are kind of borderline depending on the country). In a lot of places (US Southwest especially), the penalties for drug smuggling are far higher than for escorting groups of people -- if you get caught, you might go free if it's just a group of workers. The humans can transport themselves on foot. The humans can be held hostage afterward and you can try to extort more money from their family; if a $20k kilo of coke is held for ransom, no one is going to pay more than the discount to an alternative kilo for it. Cisco is particularly interesting because most Cisco acquisitions are of companies founded by or early-staffed-by former Cisco people -- an exec or top techie leaves to start a company (perhaps built around a tech explored while at Cisco), and if it's successful, Cisco buys the company and gets the team back. Cisco shareholders have explained that this effectively amounts to $50-500mm bonuses for people who would otherwise have remained employees, and the whole structure is self-reinforcing. Actually there are a lot of technological and policy solutions to "big line at security screening, potential bombing target itself"; in environments where the attackers were still idiots but actually existed (unlike US airports), these solutions were implemented. The reason other countries won't flout the UN Single Convention and other international treaties is...the US. They don't want to be branded outlaws by the US, with potential sanctions, banking restrictions, etc. Sort of like the ancient Klingon proverb: "only Nixon could go to China", only the US can legalize (vs. merely decriminalize) drugs. The economics solution would be to make teachers invest in students (paying cash to teach them!) in exchange for a percentage of future earnings. Taking a cheap student who everyone assumed would be a failure and inspiring and educating him into a successful entrepreneur might then be a better investment than finding a professor's son and providing an adequate education, due to a presumably kpmuch higher valuation of that child. A problem is that a successful entrepreneur or hedgie is still more likely to come from a middle or upper class background and can easily make 1000x the return of other professions (which are more credential based, and hence a more level playing field for lower class students.). Hence, even at high valuations, investing in motivated, intelligent, well connected students may be the best investment. Year on year changes would help ensure teachers were compensated fairly, as long as the market provided some kind of feedback to let parents and students evaluate teachers. I assume there is far greater variation among students and among teachers than between the teaching value offered by the same teacher to different students, but that may not be the case. I don't really think this scheme is workable, but it provides the right economic incentives to everyone. A major problem with Amtrak today is that they don't own most of their own track, and thus are at scheduling and upgrade mercy of other companies (freight railways...us commercial freight railways are world class). This was also a big problem in the uk after privatization. Step one may make sense without step two. Rails for freight, get trucks off the highways, and cars, buses, and planes for passengers between cities, with dedicated high speed rail for certain areas, and metro subway and light rail systems in the densest cities. There are a lot of life safety devices which are made by someone other than an end user, after competitive bidding. You either need to do testing of every article delivered, or set up something like ISO 9000/9001 quality management and accept that you will be paying a premium for a documented, repeatable process. Counterfeit parts getting into the supply chain (which might be visually identical, and may even appear identical to testing) are a problem, but that's where having documented/audited suppliers comes in. In San Francisco in 2007 there were over 8000 city employees making over $100k/yr. http://www.sfgate.com/webdb/sfpay/index.shtml Basically, rail travel suffered when jet aircraft became commercialized, and when the personal automobile and interstate highway system became widespread. This happened in Europe to a lesser degree (although there higher density sort of saves the rails, as well as a less-degregulated air industry until recently -- however in the 1990s and 2000s, they ended up in the same situation as the US with respect to trains). In the 1960s and 1970s, freight lines were losing money on passenger service, and shutting it down. There were a variety of political problems with shutting it down entirely (certain constituencies, especially people in small towns with major trains running through them, religious or cultural groups who liked trains, etc.) strongly supported rail travel. Amtrak was a political solution to let the freight lines discontinue offering passenger service (and thus be more profitable), while keeping service for political reasons. It would have taken a much larger (20x? 100x?) investment to really create a viable passenger rail service, and it still would have suffered for fundamental technological reasons. If Amtrak were not political, it would have just ended service entirely across most of the country, focusing service on specific markets where rail makes sense (Northeast corridor, essentially, and maybe some commuter services not run by states). There are some new factors which make rail maybe more suitable today than it was 40 years ago (1. congestion at airports -- we're unwilling to build new/big ones in most cities, 2. the carbon intensive nature of air travel 3. a greater population and general increase in density due to people moving to cities and near suburbs of the biggest cities), so maybe rail makes sense for certain routes now where it didn't before. Passenger rail, no matter what, makes absolutely no sense for genuinely long distance travel between endpoints separated by nothingness, which characterizes most long distance trips in the US. Not exactly related, but in the absurd uses of the legal system front, in the US you can have civil suits (in asset forfeiture) against specific physical assets, e.g. "State of Texas v. One 2004 Chevrolet Silverado". In Silicon Valley, I've never noticed a shortage of either Indian or Chinese engineers and executives. Both seem to have a pretty functional diaspora, at least on the west coast. Maybe in Boston, the Chinese community is more insular. I also think a perpetuation of huge income/lifestyle disparity is much more likely in India and China than it would be in the west -- a middle class of 50mm vs. 300mm in China isn't necessarily going to greatly hinder them if those 50mm are in the right industries. China can continue to trade domestic consumer quality of life for external competitiveness. It's probably not the best thing for maximizing utility for the Chinese people overall, but it certainly maximizes national prestige. I thought most Chinatowns in the US were basically historical legacies, back from when there was explicit legal discrimination against Chinese. I sure don't see Chinese university graduates doing H1B work in California living in SF Chinatown; Mountain View, Palo Alto, and SoMA are a lot more popular. Second and third generation Asians (although not necessarily or mostly Chinese) seem to live in specific neighborhoods like Daly City, but this is primarily old people and poor people. Modern economic immigrants assimilate; modern refugee-type immigrants (e.g. the huge town of Somalis in Maine) self-segregate. The huge Vietnamese community on the West Coast is sort of in both camps -- the older people came right after the Vietnam war as "boat people" refugees, and today a lot of people come from Vietnam for economic reasons and live elsewhere. I think he was unlucky (or was flying through an airport that sucks, or just met the wrong people, or failed an attitude check?). I've done stuff which almost exactly matches this profile (flown from India after visiting Afghanistan, with Afghan clothing in my bag, with no US government connected paperwork beyond a passport, with lots of random electronics in my bag, etc.) -- I was there to help set up medical clinic equipment. In IAD, SFO, and JFK, the Customs people were nothing but polite, speedy, and friendly. I really hope this isn't an Ender's Game kind of thing... Various super high bandwidth dod constellations (TSAT which was recently cancelled due to costs) included optical inter satellite links in space. Basically, a few gbps of connectivity dorm each satellite to the ground via rf, and then laser links in space at 10-40 gbps linking the satellites. Not really as feasible for the ground link for a variety of reasons, but the space part actually makes sense. If someone assaulted me, and I wasn't at all unclear about what happened or his identity, I would absolutely name him. You don't need to convince a court to convict first -- that's absurd. Third parties may or may not believe or take action unless otherwise convinced. I would be highly suspicious of someone who has been credibly called out for something like this (and would probably not invite him to drink with me, especially if I were female), but would need more evidence before taking much more action. Even in the UK, it's not slander or libel if it's true. DefCon is an outlier even by tech conference standards. Especially for DC2-DC11 or so, it was basically a party which had a bunch of computer hackers, and while there are lots of parties at other conferences, at early DC the party was basically all day (although I didn't go to DC2-DC5 myself). DefCon was basically Burning Man or a comic/fan conference, although it did become a bit more "industry" around 2000. BlackHat (which runs contiguously to DefCon) is much more of a "professional" conference, while still being more "fun" than something like RSA, or the academic conferences from IACR. (I really enjoyed DefCon, and have spoken a few times, but going without knowing what you're getting into would be a mistake) I really want to see a top tax attorney analyze this law and how it applies to founders and angels for tech companies. Specifically, I think the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 can be used by founders to buy founder shares at a trivial basis in one or more corporations founded in q4 2010, built into businesses over the following 5+ years (possibly in parallel...maybe you work on one full time every day, and let a few sit idle with minimal involvement until later...). Then, provided the business capitalization is less than 50mm at exit, and your ownership is 10mm or less, you have zero federal capital gains or AMT liability -- I.e. You win at taxes. The site reminded me again how overpriced consumer goods, especially electronics, are in the UK. Yeah, I'm probably doing the same thing :) Question is: should you just do stupid-cheap WY/NV/etc. formations and then redomicile, or do the real $5-10k corps with full paperwork, agreements, etc.? Or would a top-tier firm/lawyer be willing to discount one principal/owner and 10 corps formed on the same day, in exchange for future business when those corps get used more actively, take subsequent investment, etc.? I've been mobile for the past year, so just a 17" MBP (mid-2010), 8/500. I'm going to upgrade it to 512GB SSD + 1TB rotating HD soon. Right now I carry 5 x 500GB hard drives for photos (and backup), music, and 2 x data backups. The critical component: UltimateEars 10vi headphones (upgrade from Etymotics ER4S). I usually have a high-spec Linux desktop with 3 x 24" portrait-mode U2410 IPS panels, and a 24-30" second monitor for the laptop, at my desk. I'll probably try some combination of Mac Pro and iMac (at home or office) next, but I think I'll keep the linux desktop too. Critical component: Beyerdynamic DT770pro sealed headphones (office), Sennheiser HD650 open headphones (home). May upgrade to HD800 at some point, or speakers. I need to be able to do office automation and image editing (and maybe now iPhone dev?) (mac), lots of sysadmin/text editing/dev (mac or linux), and to also have a way to keep "work" and "fun" stuff on separate machines at the same desk. I also often need to have "machine under test" (embedded, server prototype, etc.) separate, and also sometimes need to run one or more machines on an airgapped network. This leads to wanting 2 x 20A power feeds to my desk, and a good air conditioner. A noise-isolated enclosure would be an awesome upgrade (or a nearby office with some long DVI/keyboard/USB cables and a remote power cycler...) $250 armless "size C" Aeron at home; probably will get an Embody or something for the office. Also need to get an office: planning to use a shared office space in Mountain View for Q1-Q2 2011. I've always been surprised none of the "teachers" participating threatened to call the police. (I would probably have gotten arrested for assaulting the experimenter, myself.) I would expect the vast majority to comply or politely leave, but I would expect a few percent of people to have a past association with torture or abuse and thus to respond directly. For me it is a lot more specific. I wouldn't have a big problem with enhanced interrogation in some contexts (I think torture is a bad policy and a losing strategy for a country, but in a classified interrogation context, wouldn't rock the boat). I have certainly been around recreational bdsm scenes which were fairly intense as well. I just don't trust doctors (psychologists, MDs) to be competent -- I have seen too many fuckups. Plus, there would be little personal risk in standing up to them. In the ww2 context, I am kind of ashamed to say I would have been an amoral defense contractor, doing whatever made me the most money with access to the best technical challenges and toys. I wouldn't have been initially willing to start off with war crimes, but I could definitely see using slave labor, overlooking virtually any other crimes, to ship, especially if it seemed like losing could lose the war. Or, if not a defense industrialist, a soldier. I actually saw some (military contractor or related manufacturing) companies which continue to pay full salary (plus the employee gets whatever active duty salary and allowances). These companies also donated stuff like satellite links to their employee's unit so they could have Internet access. I would probably do this at my company (even outside of defense), purely to be more attractive to NG/Reserves candidates -- a lot of them have great additional experience and training which is paid for by the government, and especially if they value their military career and security clearance, are unlikely to get involved in anything untoward. The reason for shooting a mugger is that the situation is inherently one where your life is at risk. Even if you totally comply, you could be killed. Shooting an attacker is safer for you. It is usually far more expensive, though -- maybe 1-5k in legal costs even if it doesn't get much followup (and if it goes to trial, could be over 100k), potential civil suits, and of course the cost of firearms and training to even have the choice. I would definitely toss a $500 wallet and run if it were at the time a safer choice, even with a firearm. But, I would have no problem killing to defend my life, either. For a personal collection and actual use, rather than spending $80-150k for a German wartime Enigma, I'd probably be more likely to buy a Swiss model. The Swiss NEMA is basically an updated version of the Enigma, and is about $3-5k. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NEMA_(machine) -- plus they were not actually used except for training, so they should be in much better mechanical condition. (I'd still love to own a 4-rotor naval enigma myself someday, but they're rare enough that even if $100k weren't significant to me, I would still feel it should be treated as a rare historical artifact and not used) I personally don't find being scanned (or patted down) particularly traumatic, but I can certainly see why some people would. I suppose I should go for the invasive pat-down just in solidarity. I would happily walk through the airport naked if I could keep my laptop(s) in my bag at the checkpoint, though. There are a lot of statistics about guns and survival, and it's not 100% conclusive. Most "bad" firearms related deaths which happen to firearms owners are suicides, followed by children and stupid accidents, followed by domestic violence with guns. I'm unlikely to suffer from any of these. Carrying a concealed weapon (where legal) has a lower benefit than carrying a cellphone and first aid/trauma kit (which I also carry, and will try to get to EMT-I certification again, if not paramedic), but I still think it's a net improvement in your personal safety, assuming you're trained and competent. The biggest disadvantage is that in some states you can't go into a restaurant where alcohol is served (even if you're going for a meal and don't drink), and of course the fashion compromise of a 1-4 pound hunk of metal/plastic/wood. I think most gun owners disbelieve "invincibility" even more than non-gun owners when it comes to guns -- handguns especially are fairly non-lethal (at 3', I'd rather have a knife), and give an advantage to he who initiates violence. I'd be very happy to trade a firearm for a Dune-style shield or something. I think another factor is that a responsible gun owner who is carrying is probably more likely to avoid places where an incident might happen -- aside from bars, I'd also be a lot more likely to be less confrontational in traffic or other situations if I realized there was a potential it could escalate to shooting. I've never been involved in any kind of scuffle or anything while carrying a firearm, and while I actively avoid "bad areas" to the extent possible no matter what, it's another factor. Although I am willing to stop to render aid to stranded motorists when armed, whereas unless it's a very clearcut situation, just drive on (and optionally call 911) otherwise. I ( http://t.co/xvLvAuk ) ended up with 15% through taxes, 85% through spending cuts, but also cut more than was needed. I wouldn't be opposed to letting the Bush tax cuts expire (maybe in 2012 for >$250k, and in 2014 for everyone) if it were necessary, but it would impair some economic activity. I also would go for a higher estate tax, except that high estate taxes encourage crazy tax avoidance strategies; dynastic wealth is a bad thing on its own, but maybe that could be addressed by encouraging people to donate >50% of their estates to charity on death. (If there weren't crazy tax avoidance strategies, a 95+% estate tax would be fine with me; there should be no deadweight losses, only accelerated consumption by dying people.) Defense should be cut by 50-75% over the next 10 years, however, which would also go a long way to paying off the debt as well. Extra benefit to indexing government pensions/retirement to age as well (both requiring longer time in service to be eligible, and to start collecting at a later age). Right now military and law enforcement are largely 20 years and out, and it's easy to do 20 years in the military and then 20 years in law enforcement and double dip. Eliminating cuts on those making less than 250k includes those above 250k as well, it is just badly presented. I don't think anyone has suggested eliminating cuts only for over 250k. I would probably use asterisk and cellular fso/fsx interfaces (Ethernet sip gateways with gsm air interfaces on the otter side) to keep mobile calling costs down. In most countries calking mobile to mobile is cheaper than land to mobile. Optionally one per gsm network, it all depends on call volume. The Swiss Army is actually pretty substantial. Approximately 200k men under arms, which for a country with their population, is decent. Their policy is armed neutrality, not just neutrality. The G-class is a great light patrol vehicle; better than the UK's Land Rover or the HMMWV for many tasks. They have F-18s, Leopard main battle tanks, lots of fixed fortifications, etc. The Sealand people weren't rich; they were middle-class pirate radio people who were just trying to do commercial radio in the 60s. (I lived there for 2 years 2000-2002, and the general condition of the place was fairly poor at the start and at the end) Fundamentally, I think because the super-rich have great quality of life and freedom in most countries. They do tend to emigrate out of bad places (Russia, etc.) where they made their fortunes and move to places like the US and UK where they can comfortably enjoy them. If you have $10b in assets, paying 20-30% taxes on your annual investment income ($500mm to $1b/yr capital gains, so maybe a few hundred million in taxes) in exchange for first-world quality of life is quite worthwhile. You can always use offshore vehicles to defer recognizing gains, too. Once you're already wealthy, there is a lot less reason to care about taxes on income. Yes. Yes, I'm working on an actual technology startup now vs. defense contracting. It is difficult to quantify how happy I am to not be in Iraq/Afghanistan/Kuwait/etc. anymore (or, for that matter, living on a 10k sf 60 year old disintegrating concrete platform). I am in Thailand and Bali for the rest of 2010 SCUBA diving, but after that will move back to the US to be near customers. I think TSI/Seasteading as a technology could be successful, I just don't think the Seastead as Sovereign State thing is going to be viable in the next 20-50 years. Putting a Seastead in someone's 200 mile EEZ, with that country's blessing, to run a private marine park, offshore free trade zone, etc. seems quite viable. By being physically separate and potentially mobile, a host country would have a lot less ability or desire to regulate beyond basic things. There are also some inherent advantages to an offshore platform in a marine environment (there are some concrete platforms floating in the Great Barrier Reef of Australia to support scuba diving operations already). TSI does a decent job of splitting the technical (difficult, but reasonably feasible, and predictable) from the political, compared to most free-state projects in the past. http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/8.07/haven.html I don't know if I can say "I was on the cover of Wired" correctly, since it was an aerial shot of Sealand out of proportion on a globe, with 7 of us standing on the helideck; I'm probably about 4 pixels. I think the best part is "I don't think I could have remained an angel investor for several years without trying to disrupt the industry too" (or words to that effect). It is interesting watching innate hackers enter 'traditional' fields. I have been working on semi professional scuba stuff for a month or so, just as a hobby, and keep seeing opportunities to improve things. Plus, you're not even allowed to ask questions about any activities before he turned 18. This is insane. I think the DoD needs to create more systems where people can worth with classified data without having wholesale access to classified data. A lot of those controls go away during war, and a lot of internal need to know controls also prevent "synergy" or "serendipity" etc., so it's always a compromise. It's also possible there were more effective controls on JWICS (TS/SCI) vs. SIPRnet and various portals, so he had less wholesale access to download TS data. Also, TS+ information from Iraq/Afghanistan is probably actually less interesting to the public than S information -- it would be primarily about counterintelligence, rescuing hostages, signals intelligence, certain HUMINT (i.e. infiltration, James Bond spy shit, etc.), certain task forces going after actual al qaeda guys, etc., none of which would cause moral outrage. In a war zone, S is basically anything operational at all, so you get a good overview of how things are going. I'm curious if he's ever flown much before. Missing the first leg of a discount coach r/t canceling the entire reservation has been standard since at least 1980. Yes, their online systems should be better at explaining what happens once you've missed a flight, but fundamentally the web apps for airlines are dirty hacks layered on top of mainframe systems, and don't handle exceptions particularly well. Airline pricing is incredibly complex because...it is a complex product. It's a perishable product, and they are trying to price discriminate multiple classes of people, dealing with competitors, etc. It is very common to have the case he considers rare (XXX-YYY-XXX costing >2x what YYY-XXX-YYY costs -- especially international, where different currencies, taxes, etc. apply). XXX-YYY often costs 4-8x the cost of XXX-YYY-XXX or YYY-XXX-YYY r/t, too. There are certain routes which are run as "air shuttles" -- you can buy a ticket, and then walk on and get on any available flight. SIN-KUL, IAD-NYC, etc. Some airlines have very simple routing and fares (Southwest, for instance) and can more easily be used for flexible travel. First Class or Full Fare Coach tickets are also used by businesses or other travelers who demand extreme flexibility -- the $170 r/t SFO-LAX-SFO was a discounted coach fare where price discrimination in terms of restrictive terms applies. Additionally, airlines are highly regulated, some by international treaty (read the back of a ticket jacket sometime). As for "not screwing a major customer over", a frequent flyer would be 1K or GS and worth $50k+/yr to the airline, and would probably have been able to easily get his ticket changed. Yes, price discrimination and market segmentation sucks when you lose the game, but it maximizes revenue for the carrier. Btw, the "hacker news" of "airline hacking" is flyertalk.com. There are people who craft amazing itineraries and maximize frequent flyer points in ways which seem absurd (scheduling 4 r/t back to back flights across the US to Hawaii just to get miles, or flying SFO - Taipei - LAX for the cost of SFO-LAX to get huge extra miles). Getting in trouble for interlocking round trips is exceedingly rare, and you can always just book on multiple carriers. Burning the return leg of a roundtrip is usually also totally penalty free. Getting off at a stopover is much more borderline, and it's almost impossible to get your luggage checked only to the stopover destination. Airlines are one of the most economically marginal, shitty businesses out there. ("easiest way to become a millionaire in the airline industry is to start out a billionaire"). They're also not particularly good at software development. The legacy carriers are huge, and have built software over decades. I think the low hanging fruit in the airline industry is to hire staff from outside the airline industry in all customer-facing roles (cabin crew, gate staff), which is what Virgin America has done (they largely recruited from hotels vs. other airlines. Hotel/hospitality staff are generally fairly awesome at customer service, even when enforcing rules). That is going to be way more appreciated by customers than doing a billion dollar ticketing overhaul. United is definitely aware of how to sell tickets which are fully changeable and rerouteable. They also know how to run shuttle service. They just choose not to do so for the cheapest coach ticket price. I do agree they should have been better at customer relations, even while enforcing the same policy (although if it turns into "please leave or we will call security", there are probably two parties behaving suboptimally). In their defense it's a heavy travel period, and if I were waiting behind him in line, I would have been pissed as well if they had devoted huge amounts of time to explaining their ticketing procedures in depth to him and trying to console him. I strongly agree with this. It might be appropriate for a personal blog, but it makes WePay look like it's run by people who don't understand how to navigate complex systems. Guess what industry is even more regulated, rule-bound, complex than the airline industry? Banking and payments. A startup already has a high hurdles related to people being conservative with their money; being an iconoclast isn't exactly what people want when it comes to a finance manager. The place to warn about this would be before he missed his flight (or at initial booking, but it would annoy frequent travelers to be presented information like this every single time they book; it's in the rules of carriage). I've flown on some airlines where they send mail encouraging online checkin which also includes "miss your flight" information. And, I've flown others where if you miss you flight, they call or email or SMS you and try to work with you on rebooking to a later flight (either standby for free or a small fee, or rebooking for $50-150), plus any difference in fare. This would still support price discrimination and market segmentation. The vast majority of people who miss their outbound leg are still wanting travel on the outbound leg at a later time, not to burn the outbound leg and take the return leg. That is the failure mode to try to optimize, not the return leg. I personally think flying SFO-LAX is absurd; I drive SFO-LAX, SFO-PDX, SFO-LAS, SFO-SAN, and usually SFO-SEA vs. fly. And I fly Virgin America or Alaska instead of United when possible because I'm very familiar with United's quality of service and product. That would be Cathay Pacific, Singapore Airlines, Qatar Airways, Etihad, or to a lesser extent, Emirates or Asiana. It's really just US flagged airlines that are incredibly bad (I've flown several million miles internationally, and aside from Royal Jordanian (which flies to Iraq), Ariana (the Afghan Airline) and Kam Air (the Southwest of Afghanistan), no one approaches US standards of quality. Some of the LCCs in Europe (Ryan Air) are kind of painful, but so cheap that it makes up for it. LCCs in Asia (Tiger, Jetstar, etc.) tend to be more like Virgin America or Southwest. EULAs are basically meaningless, so I skip them (unless I'm evaluating a large purchase). Terms of Carriage/Fare Rules are actually quite important. I absolutely do check things like change fees, reroutability, fare class, etc. when I buy a ticket, and will often pay the 5% premium to get a more changeable ticket. This is much more like reading the tech specs for a new laptop (does it have a linux-supported wifi chipset? discrete graphics?) than a EULA. A useful fact you may not know: most "legacy" carriers will interline you onto another airline if they can't accommodate your scheduled travel -- for instance, if they cancel a flight, they will put you on another airline's flight if it will get your there faster. This is a VERY BIG DEAL internationally, where they don't always even have daily flights -- if a flight is canceled, it could be 2-3 days before the next flight with the same airline to your destination. Low cost carriers (e.g. Southwest) won't. I agree it isn't ideal, but given limited resources, there are a lot of cases where having a good manual/human exception handling procedure is a better solution than fixing the software. (And training employees to "be nice to customers, pretend your boss's mother is flying today" would improve all interactions with the airline; fixing this one particular bug wouldn't be as generally beneficial. Realistically United will do neither :) What's the YC funded startup which is a replacement for keys? As in "We funded one startup that's replacing keys." CX and SQ are a bit pricey (although SQ is pricey in retail with lots of 30-50% corporate discounts, their main market). QR, EY, EK are actually VERY price competitive on their routes. They're mainly transit airlines, but to fly from e.g. random US to Australia, it's probably cheaper to go via the middle east on one of those carriers vs. over the Pacific. There are a lot of political concerns in places like Canada that the middle eastern airlines are dropping prices so low on profitable long-haul routes that the national flag carriers can't compete. As to why they are better, it's probably that they focus on the inherently profitable long haul high capacity high frequency market, have little or no "legacy" costs (US carriers paying pensions and healthcare for retirees), supportive governments (for things like expanding their hub/transit airports to accommodate more flights). Allegedly they are not massively subsidized by the foreign governments. If you want to add "color" to a company blog, you talk about positive things of a somewhat personal or offbeat nature. If he wanted to describe how the WePay team went on a road trip to a conference and stopped at some amazing place where the customer service was hands-on and handled exceptions well, that would be great. Or just about some board game which they really enjoy playing at the office. Whining about vendors, especially when you are partially or technically somewhat at fault, is something you do on "friends-only" posts, personal facebook, etc. Quora advises that it is lockitron.com. I stayed at the airbnb corporate apartment and mentioned a reprogrammable lock as an awesome upgrade to their service back in 2009. I hacked something crappy together with a schlage lockset for my own use, but ended up having to go to Afghanistan a couple weeks later. I actually prefer the usability of what I had to how the lockitron appears to work. Hotel locks are amazingly lame. Audio is an interesting output from the phone; flashing the display in front of a photosensor in a pattern would be cool too. Mechanical locks are basically obsolete in the age of digital photographs and rapid prototyping...if you let me look at a mechanical key for a second, I can make you a perfect copy in 15 minutes. I agree this is a problem. While like the idea of a remote-controlled lock, from what I've read about how lockitron does it, this is a major problem. (Lockitron is basically a sheeva plug with wifi to the Internet talking over zwire to a commodity remote-controlled deadbolt) Also, it isn't always the case that you have signal in an entryway, especially in weird apartment buildings, basement apartments, etc. Also, I am not comfortable taking my $800 iPhone out of my pocket in front of a door in a dark alley, whereas a fist full of keys makes a damn fine improvised weapon. Also, I don't want to do a wan connection, web API call, wan link to home, and low power rf link to the door every time I want to unlock my door. Especially if both of my hands are full of bags. I burn return legs all the time, with no consequences. I believe in the 1970s if you did that too much, airlines would potentially blacklist you, but it really isn't a problem now. I've even had airline employees wink wink nudge nudge encourage purchasing a much cheaper r/t vs o/w when the price differential was huge. Key issues: you don't want to just unlock automatically whenever you approach. You don't want to run wires to the door lockset, and it needs to be very low power. Ideally you want to use an existing oem lockset because making things out of atoms is painful. You don't want to abuse the battery on your phone via a background app either. Merely leaking something doesn't necessarily damage security as much as publishing it and having the government confirm it as accurate. Imagine if someone leaked "Super Top Secret: You can be invisible to the M1A2 tank by wearing a hello kitty t-shirt inside-out". Without official confirmation (implied by the government officially declassifying the tech report), you wouldn't know for sure, and would attempt to test this theory, and would end up in pieces. Or perhaps a treadmill in front of the door which generates electricity, connected to a tesla coil, to support wireless charging of your phone, to send a message over the Internet, to unlock the door :) Now that is crazy-talk. Most purpose built datacenters are >100 lb/sf. You only really need in excess of that for rooms full of batteries. Even generators, while individually heavy, usually have enough spare space around them that the overall loading in the room isn't approaching banks of batteries. Most datacenters which are in excess of that were either originally built for telcos (crazy battery banks for the DC plant), or were industrial (e.g. the TANK FACTORY in SF which became 360 Spear/365 Main). You can also just buy old (ICBM) missile silos; unfortunately, they are often in pretty bad repair, flooded, and may contain PCBs or asbestos. http://www.silohome.com/atlas_f_missile_silo_for_sale_ultima... is a particularly nice example of a residential conversion, though. Moses Lake, WA has a site which got used for ToorCamp, a hacker conference, a couple years ago. http://joachimp.fotki.com/events/toorcamp/page4.html Bahnhof is pretty amazing. They have great interior design too, almost like a movie set (although I haven't visited in person yet). While for reasons of principle, hosting controversial content is great, and if it's legal in your jurisdiction, it is up to you if you want to do it, as a practical matter, a site getting >10Gbps DDoS while paying presumably close to nothing is going to potentially impair the usability of other sites in the datacenter. Even if you don't put profits above principle, you have a responsibility to your other customers to not fuck them over. A pure colocation (vs. managed or hosting) facility in a legal to host jurisdiction, near or at a carrier hotel where you can cheaply buy bandwidth from a bunch of different providers (on their core networks), and with great filtering agreements in place with the upstreams, is probably the only way to go. The colocation facility is just renting you space and power, and it's a much more arms length relationship; you can rapidly turn up network connections from other providers within the facility, vs. your own building somewhere (where running fiber often requires digging up the streets). Back in 2000 I did this with ~2Gbps of aggregate transit/peering to people inside London Telehouse, and 4xE1 + WiFi to the hosting location, with VPN over VSAT as a backup. You want to be able to put "problem" customers on their own subnets, potentially on their own routers and even transit connections, to isolate them from the rest of your customers. Combined with the regulatory constraints, Stockholm and Amsterdam are probably the best places to do this right now (or SFBA if it's a customer who will not be a legal problem in the US). I'm curious if wikileaks picked Amazon knowing they'd be kicked off (either for political or technical reasons), just to increase their own media profile. That's kind of depressing. From what I've heard TACA and Varig are a little better, but I haven't flown commercial to South America yet. Maybe Start Up Chile should convince SQ to fly SF-Santiago as a 5th freedom flight. Technical problems at a company in a good market with a good team are the best problems to have. I'd far prefer that to finding out the team and founders are fundamentally defective, or that you've built an awesome product with a great term in a market segment which just doesn't exist (luxury goods for the poor and homeless, etc.) Just remember, you need to resolve the technical issues while also building rapport with the team and maintaining your relationships -- don't win battles in which screw you in the long term. And yet they manage to not have a version for 64-bit OS X. If it is your startup, and if you're in the bay area, and even moderately social, I don't understand why for your first ~50 employees you'd be posting jobs to the general public at all (or at least, treating it as a very low priority thing, like how VCs react to random bplans mailed to them without an introduction). If you as a founder don't actively go out and meet and recruit your core team (maybe the first 20 people?), or meet them through referrals from other team members, trusted friends, etc., you are doing it seriously wrong. The only way I'd hire a random person is if it was for a specific role where I didn't know anyone (say, CFO for a complex ad network, although I know plenty of non-CFO accounting and finance people). Even then, I'd want references from people I already trusted. Mining piles of resumes is not the efficient way to find good people, and really, for a lot of roles, I want to know someone is at least a B player, and would love an A; I'd rather a B than someone who may be an A or may be a C. This is especially true for support, operations, etc., and anything where I don't have domain expertise to evaluate competence directly. If it's a specific domain, and you've exhausted all your 1-2 degree connections, maybe find the internet nexus of discussion for that topic and participate for a while until you can see who is great, then try to figure out who is available. Pull, vs. push. Maybe this is joshu's new secret startup :) (as speculated on Quora) Ah! I didn't see a link to the main site at the top of the page so I didn't check out the app description itself (I was not really that focused on it either). The actual solution you have looks like it should be interesting, and even if you have a pretty broad and deep personal network, could still be useful. I'd love it if you took outside assistance or some kind of social mechanic to create skillsapps for domains outside your team's expertise. I'd be really interested in crypto, security, protocol design, and satellite/rf network engineering. Maybe partner with existing domain specific certification entities? A lot of banks actually do have private teller areas for big cash transactions, usually in the commercial area, which may have a separate entrance. While I don't object to amazon booting wikileaks, I don't think this message helps. The only message I would have posted, if I posted at all, is that we keep client customer support matters confidential to protect the privacy of our customers, and possibly not even written it in a way which confirms wikileaks was ever a customer. Plus, the younger employee will probably be cheaper to insure, and may not have kids (although at 55 someone may not either, and if so would be less likely to gain them). All of which is highly illegal and lame, but may be a factor at some jobs. There is absolutely way they would disrupt operations at one of the top five carrier hotels in the world because you think it looks dumpy. Cash accounting in my experience is a much "better" way to cook the books than accrual accounting. You can easily and unintentionally screw yourself if you're collecting cash up front for a product which involves future costs. The only system I have found to work is accrual combined with customer prepayment (to eliminate credit risk; or just be very good at receivables management, which not everyone is) and aggressive cashflow management. The biggest problems with accrual go away if you don't have to worry about customer payment risk or accidentally running out of cash in the short term. You can lie to yourself (and others) with numbers with either kind of accounting, but it's harder to accidentally kill yourself with a conservative system. I had Lasik (wavefront, both eyes) in Thailand in December 2005. I couldn't use a computer for a few hours (I set the fonts on my terminal to full-screen single-character beforehand). Next day, slightly blurry, day after, fine except for dry eyes and haloing at night. My original vision was maybe -2.25 and -3.5 with slight astigmatism; now it is perfect. Over the next year or so, dry eyes went away (I was living in Iraq, so the dry eyes symptom may not have been as bad elsewhere). Sometime between 2008 and now, halos at night are largely gone as well. I actually like the way glasses look, but the practical issues with needing Rx goggles, face masks, etc. were annoying, and being able to wake up in the morning (or middle of the night) with perfect vision was a big factor for me. The cost imposed in dealing with (and maybe falling to) a major concerted denial of service attack should also be included -- if Amazon went down for a single hour during holiday season (or even was slower in responding to customer queries), it would cost Amazon a lot more than they could earn in money and goodwill from wikileaks. I think most talented employees care about freedom and flexibility, including freedom to not have to worry about things which are necessary but not interesting. Being forced to do something which isn't a major benefit to the company would be close to a deal breaker (e.g. filing TPS reports), regardless of salary, unless you had other options. Whereas doing something unpleasant which is clearly important (coming in on christmas morning to fix a security problem) is painful, but much more acceptable. Really, what seems to work the best is to offer "sensible defaults" for most things, and then let employees make their own choices if they wish. Stuff like offering a budget to buy your own desktop/laptop/phone, but "a lot of people like the 15" MBP HD, and we have a couple already configured if you'd like that". Having social events on the weekends, after work, etc. where employees are invited, but certainly not mandatory. (for this, informal usually works better, especially if some people are clueful enough to try to build links across departments, like the engineers also inviting people from sales). top line revenue vs. bottom line income (i.e. minus expenses, which include payouts to the merchants...) I'd rather generally own a business making $5b/yr in profit on $10b/yr in revenue, vs. $0b/yr in profit on $30b/yr in revenue. This has been discussed several times on hn and quora, and I have tried to get friends to take advantage of it. Of course, I am not a lawyer, nor is this legal advice. 1) this is a super loophole for founders. In a new entity, which costs $250 and 1h to set up yourself online, invest $100 to buy your founders shares. Hold for 5 years, sell for $10mm, save $3mm in taxes. For an entity with multiple founders, I would spend more and get real legal paperwork done, but for a one man corp at an early stage, just be competent. 2) vc investments are not going to benefit, but angel and friends and family can. Biggest issue is no easy way to do convertible debt, but if you want a priced round, go for it. I wish I had spare cash to invest! 3) I see no reason you can't form multiple entities in parallel, as long as they meet active trading requirements. I incorporated several side projects, which probably won't generate more than trivial revenue over the next 5 years as I work on a real startup, but which start the five year holding clock. In five years, or ten, I can take them and try to make real businesses. As five years will have passed, could easily sell whenever. One might also use this for a studio model business, where e.g. each iPad app is a separate corp and may sell independently. IMO they really didn't think through the consequences of "greater of 10x the basis or $10mm" in the context of founder shares purchased for a trivial amount. Personally, if you meet the above requirements for an investment, you owe it to yourself to pull any 2011 or 2012 in corps forward to q4 2010. If you feel guilty for avoiding taxes, donate to the program of your choice. Much safer to buy your shares for cash, on top of the ip. In a new c Corp, buy for par or slightly higher. 1mm shares at $0.0001/share. Skip lunch that day. Make sure it is all well documented. Unrelated. 83b is only if your stock is restricted/at risk of repurchase/vesting. If it is, 83b it obviously, but that is always the case. 83b just means tax me at time of initial grant vs. on every vest at then current market value. It is not tax relief. It takes an hour to form a corp online in Delaware. Yes, everything I have seen makes it apply to founder shares. (or even semi founder employees who buy stock vs options). Of course ianal. Why so short? Politics. Note that there was an election during the September 27 to 31 December period. They started working on this back in mid summer. The idea is to create a burst of activity this year. It would then be fully attributable to the current congress. The section of the rule SBJA applicable to most HN people is capital gains exclusion (and AMT pref exclusion) for QSBS, specifically for founder shares. For going concerns with profits, sure, the other stuff matters (although I think the more liberalized depreciation, and allowing cellphones to be more easily expensed, is the relevant part). Anyone with enough revenue and profits to care probably has an accountant who is going to handle all of this for him, so it isn't as individual decision centric as the capital gains issues. I think a $250 corporate formation is an excellent gift for hackers this holiday season! If grellas or a competent tax attorney would weigh on in this, it would be most appreciated; I'll donate $100 to the charity of your choice for a published writeup of SBJA2010 QSBS and how it applies to founder shares, sort of a howto, before 15 DEC 2010.