Let it prove something first then we have something Not yet but in like 5 years yeah, pretty sure IPad Pro is faster than MacBooks just 3 years ago Don't try to please everyone What's a Quine Just use the normal git fallback command Oh, that's why it got shut down. Thanks What are they used for? A required part for a time machine?? Depends where you work, some will help you gradually learn new stuff. But if you are a contractor, you'd need to learn to keep up. That's why hey are paid more Tell me when there is actually a useful computer, otherwise it's all talk and no action I find if there is a big contrast in noises, say if the office is usually quiet and a coworker starts making noises, they are more distractive than if in a constantly noisy environment and a loud coworker makes noise. I would say the contrast is a huge factor as the article seem to suggest Docker SHALL NOT run databases in production, by design." You need to use external volumes Cease fire is used to buy time, most times both sides understands this I would just buy a good value stock that gets whacked and 2 days after trump wins, and hold for long. What infuriates me more is the people jumping to conclusion about their futures They use rubber gripper to spin each side and known algorithms to solve. The hard part is the speed of the visual recognition. Is methane from cows counted towards a deficit in the carbon trade? Because it's cumbersome-ness decreases usage Very nice coin term for just another deep learning method Weren't people still trying to adapt to angular 3? Last time I checked a week ago 3 of my friends brought a MacBook Pro as long time of users. So you got new users and so called "loyalist" leaves For learners, finishing matters because: 1. The learning you get from going thru whole cycle is valuable for next projects. Even if you release a few turds. Say you release an iOS app as a measure of finish. For veterans, finishing does not matter because: 1. If you see a piece a piece of turd and not able to say no to it, you will probably be wasting valuable time finishing to save face as the author may suggest. --- Is like in war, you need to know when to retreat, and cut losses(save your time and not finish). That's the perplexing part is when to retreat at the right time. They will be exported because the capital isn't readily available there to bring these ppl together in one place. Didn't want to read, at what temperature? Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. They are as secure as the words on that page that they wrote the security on. Can you really trust it? Lol there is no alternative, unless you don't care for any of macOS's features that makes it so great. Seem like a fancy name for parallel computing chip that specialize in efficient parallel computing Maybe old food has more chance to accumulate crap in their system, thus eating it will be worse Reads like a blanket statement Sometimes I come directly and read the comments to deduct a summary instead Aside from the "science" that happens inside the body, has there. Has there been an overall study where you compare the overall life span of a twin? If you are fasting like a 3rd worlder, their mortality rate seem high. What accuracy people care is the car that you have just ordered. The other times when you see a map of cars you can get away 80% of the time using averages What do you guys actually do? If you can find someone to look up to and try to get to their level, that may be one motivation. Also think of somethings you want to change in this world and work towards it. Sarcasm much? I saw th video and it wasn't that disrepectful if you were a normal person, but since he is the CEO of some mega corp, any slight temperament in a bad way will get you this PR If that is the best shot Lyft has, it would seem futile Pump and .. People using 10x leverage to get homes, what do you expect? It still infuriates me when I use a windows PC computer. No complaints here as a Mac user. Don't look too deep, your Mac works. Journalists is crying foul over MacBook specs but to me it still just works great. A house without plumbing In other words, we have a faster server chip coming The issue is the dependence of code completion, google, and IDEs that writes boiler plate code for you, and companies just use stupid services like hackerrank to test algorithm implementations, which has to run and compile properly u see that environment. Then the interviewer should explicitly say he wants to know your thought process too. 99% of them just say code this and let me know when you are done These take home projects are a bit inconsiderate to a candidates time. I've done a few and if you don't watch your time. You could be spending 5-6 hours just trying to please people You need tolls but with public transit upgrades Should have been banned long ago, why would they have allowed an app to alter major behaviors post review? Someone trying to give them the Koolaid Isn't this how magic leap got started? Low valuation at first then bigger and bigger.. This is a pointless argument, we all know AI is all about thought. If a person can't move does he still have intelligence? I have a 2016 pro and only annoyance is touch bar glitch and accidental touches sometimes. The issue with ports isn't an issue if you just think about it. Is like having 4 USB 3.0 ports and complaining about it Use glass sword on lord British All the counterfeit talk, what is out there that is less counterfeit and as convenient? Lets hear some fine alternatives The UI is excellent, you can pause, go back and the cues are great to capture attention How is returning money to investors so investors can invest somewhere else be productive in the Apple sense? If they acted on that reasoning they would do donations I think rest in human term is different than machines. Also, that is just a cleanup mode, machines can induce that with or without "rest" People critique this piece as inaccurate but should instead should realize the way to attract attention is to get you first to read it. It then gets people talking. If you really get his point, he meant drinking juice that filters out the pulp isn't as good as filtered, and maybe harmful given that example he noted. It happens all the time even in small scale. One of the food fests for example, when I got there, there were foods that had nothing to do with the theme and they started mark up prices on the spot because there wasn't enough. Never mind I had to pay to get in on the first place and the food was horrible. If they pay, it gives them more reasons to come back next year to another studio and go for another round, thus it becomes part of a yearly recurring expense every studio must account for in their balance sheets lol In other words, rest. All those things you propose are controlled by individual companies or the government. Musk is only doing what he thinks he can to reduce traffic. Yes, as soon as they sense competition from electrical vehicles That's no excuse Short version - they fixed an issue but the fix had dependencies To summarize, is genius because it keeps devs happy. It's an apple move Let's just look at big picture on what actuall affects stock prices over log run: a good company is be found out eventually Maybe one of those flying alien viruses from Alien: Covenent will come out The video/onboard tried too cute to make the Travel mode = off a confusing ambiguity by making just gray. If you don't want to waste people's time make things explicit. The royal family there that has military there owns England They don't understand the move probably the AI has a memory depth that is way beyond any human, some of those moves are the best possible look aheads for that situation I can imagine the founders or investors going " hey! bad publicity is good publicity, let's ride it out" without an exit plan American prison is actuall not a system but a culture. Think of how hard it is to change a culture, you probably need new leadership with enough power like a CEO at Microsoft to do something drastic in a reasonable amount of time, say 10 year frame. Ppl keep saying a lot without even thinking is a relative term. For images a lot means enough to get to x percentage accuracy, for OCR for a single font, a lot means 26 letters + special chars and numbers. Stop saying a lot blindly like every one underatands. Horror show Only certain things can be borrowed, like one time use things. If it's long term, it's be a better investment to buy than to pay each time The risk is if you buy and continues to fall to 0.02 cents and stays there. In the normal stock market, this is an action called Taking out the Stops. Market makers can know where stops are placed so they may sell some to get it to hit those prices and have stops automatically trigger Doesn't macs firewall do the same thing for blocking apps? Maybe the more you eat the more chance you eat crap that is adverse to your health hence the variations Network latency This isn't profound because a phone is made to distract you, or from a business view, get your attention Still can't make a (edit-added SKYPE.) call from contacts app in iOS. What's so hard about that? Anything that promises a rate higher than what govt can promise is a scam. Ie tbills Engineering is basically how to be solving problems given constraints and how to properly solve it. I think breaking down the problem in small steps is the method to use to get you 80% of the work done in 20% of the time. Claiming something is secure is more like claiming an over unity perpetual machine The title should say "..more productive - For Me" I was sold on Forking, I'm sure no pun intended Working from home messes you up in more ways than you notice. One is that you tend to eat more and the other thing is it can stress you your will power bencause ther are so many distractions. One last thing is you move walk around as much as you do, your brain needs blood flowing, oxygen. Ever heard of drowning causing brain damage? Extreme analogy but that's because of lack of oxygen, I'm sure less than optimal oxygen can't be as good Lol, knowing the route means you can do the job. Some would think when we are trying stuff or planning for a project is not getting things done,but the act of planing the right path could get you to point B faster than if you just heads down code and feel productive. Unless it can only become one of the properties at one time Your attention is now helping how the corporation want you to use your time to help them make money. It all seem like a win win but your share of win is much lower. You miss out on introspection of yourself or other matters, that's just the tip or the iceberg Head gets hit repeatedly. That's the most complex and delecate organ in your body. I don't know live appendages that can take hits repeatedly without any long term side effects. Money talks in the NFL, so as long as that gets passed around, they are not taming it down unless the govt steps in Easy for a iphone tapper in to say until it affects you ARKits ease of use and is way ahead of vuforia. The advantage of ARKit is also OS integrated. Teslas travel network involving Autonomous driving, Boring and hyperloop network. How about the one trait that is always underrated - Luck You'd be even more sick from trying to check your FB for Apple Watch when fb notice the trend to use watch only. So if they missed a small pack of drugs that some slipped in there, some ones life is ruined Must be the software detecting certain patterns to trigger certain functions. Fake the sequence of patterns and you can control some outcomes. Favicons rainbowing up my top tab just acts as even more distractions. It only helps marginally because if you open 10 stackoverflow tabs, you would still need to open each one to see what’s what. That’s why Safari has the tabs overview view that shows you what’s inside. You can’t tell exactly, but you can most of the time. Open office is alive and well, there are always gonna be certain office cultures that likes it Because the complier has optimized it better than you. A lot of the frameworks(keras, Theanos) uses Cuda close to the metal, so they would need to write alternative interfaces and the to be supported by these libraries The issue with ASIC is that when there is new AI algorithms that gets developed, they may not be even able to use those. General purpose hardware will be able to. You are stuck and need to upgrade. Elon Musk begs to differ.. Numbers and percentage can be deceiving. Also another reason if the percentage is increasing is that there is more of a urge to try to copy what daredevils do on YouTube, maybe they make it look easy. Or they want to create highlight videos themselves but highlights are the tricky stuff others haven’t done. Wouldn’t it take too long to train with such amount of data? I’m thinking the NN has to be constantly be in training because you never want to miss some data sets that contain special categories and not to miss them when in the inference stage How does training the NN using a limited frame per second affect the training accuracy? Why not go higher or lower than the one you are using? Easy for them to say such things and devalue the engineering effort that goes into miniaturizing such tech and having the software to match it. And I thought this was pretty quiet in terms of UI and simplicity If you put a black box over it, the crystal is exhibit one type of learning mode that complex learner like humans has many modes; the ability to adapt and filter Is like pirat s asyi g copy’s are destroying their incomes because they are getting shut down So what happens if it runs in something like jupyter notebook mixed with runtime code? How does sewage work in there? So is 1, i, j, 7, l, 5, s, o, 0 just the tip of the iceberg here I’m no nuclear physicist but from this article, they weren’t even close to critical. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demon_core So this thing only can be trained with a the built in algorithm? More like all we need to do is have it go where we want it to go Most times I wouldn’t believe, but they proved they could do it from the success so far with the toilet project Bing gives obvious inferior results when I have been using it Amazon got volume discount I’m sure, and provides marketing for twillo Having known many Japanese, I feel they like to be concise and simple in their expression, they do like infer a lot and not be direct, hence no need to spell everything out all the time 100,000 rpm redline engine would be one of its selling points You get more bulky and expensive device for the right to repair. Would not want that. Try chrome on a Mac, it constantly revs up the CPU and eats way more memory than safari We are missing the one with Homer in it Safari wait time to me is pretty much non existent already. Even if it is a bit faster, do I want to change browsers for an example 100% speed increase from 100 to 50ms? Let me guess, it was hard to get to it When a software concept is explained in code it leaves no ambiguity, can anyone verify this is a legit explanation? I do find it make sense but some code such as the Proof of Work I had to just trust the writer without testing it out Not dragging down entire AI and machine learning, but keeping Americans AI powess down. Any reason why they presented it on windows 2000? Are the structure same throughout the areas where we think in general? Otherwise there could be some sort of programming involved to get the brain to think predictively So Google treats customers like that? Pay for a more expensive product, get better support? Open source it if they are so noble I’ve never heard of such metric, being useful measure of utilization without indicating duration or with another metric. How does one prove they did that officially? Any guarantee is unrealistic, depending on who you ask. There are so many points of potential slow downs that it is. Not realistic. To say a minimum. Sounds like the classic ad selling something that is actually not as fast as it claims The potential of what a human brain is able to achieve.. Don’t be jealous guys How is he a top talent if he only excels in a narrow area and completely bombs the others? What is an Edge device?? Can someone explain a few practical reasons why someone would want to build their own. Other than to learn or to do an ICO Buggy but usable 99% of the time. I’m not sure what others are saying about jump to functions broke, works for me, 99% of the time My dad would answer when I was a kid, at the end, there is just a wall, but then I’d ask what what’s beyond the wall and that was the end of the conversation This will catch up to Moore’s law when it does come out one day Maybe use these for trucks and CAT vehicles I thought this is a new type of drug 2000s was a time when even penny stocks that did similar stuff to real company’s, they would go up big just from stock board members pumping them up That’s a loaded sentence with 2 terms i have not Idea what they are. Depth 3 and polynomial time One way to beat back these types of attack is to have the software do a type of image filtering that averages out the adjacent pixel in a indeterminate(random) way before feeding into the NN for inference I just thought of a concept of using a water fall to fill a tank that gets lifted up and then when gravity makes the lift fall to the bottom, water is dumped by opening a gate. Something near the top blocks the water from refilling it while the lift moves back up. This is more efficient than moving a rock up and down, given the gate opening and water blocking is energy efficient. You can put this under hydro dams for extra energy after it passes the turbines. Why waste right? How about a system that loads springs as mechanical energy, do that have those? How hard is it to get it to run using CoreML? Basically you extract a matrix representation of the active or inactive regions that is classified and have DNN learn it like you would learn images, is that a correct assumption? Anyone tried the inference speed? Maybe you should start coding, you may actually like it too It feels like all of musks other business could align and take over everything, sort of like Go strategy The fact that they think there is perfection in such a thing should already be the wrong path to go down on I can yeah you C in 24 seconds, but how much you learn would be limited to 24 seconds of material Maybe the AI determined brightening the image is all it’s needed, who knows what the reasoning was lol Classic arbitrage opportunity trade This prove how dominant Nvidia is, Intel and AMD is literally shaking in their boots to even consider partnering up to attempt to defeat a common enemy Meaning everything can be predicted if you know the equation and have enuough processing power. Problem is doing the calculation in the same universe where you are also predicting it also disrupts the calculation. Something in the line of the uncertainty principle Is all about making the experience better to compete with online shopping. Retail can check out how movie theatres differentiate themselves from the living room. This guys seem to know nothing about economics. A company can be enticed with tax exemptions to setup shop there and in return help the count in many ways. The tip of the iceberg is employment, talent generation and the surrounding areas where the office is placed. This paper seem to be made to stir stuff up amongst people who thinks this is a simple matter This is one of those I’ll beleive it when I see one rumours Trojan horse 101 lesson for AMD You all would be surprised how many people will operate and act like him in worse ways. He’s putting it in business, however it looks dumb for what he did, people gamble in casinos, what would you say to that? He had a dream, was dumb, reckless but attempt to fulfill it. Hard life lessons learn the hardest of ways Well the red flag was he didn’t even bring in someone that knows how to check out a kitchen and inspect the damn place before committing to it Kitchens are 10x more complicated than a room that needs to house table and chairs only with a few plugs for coffee machine. The power needed to create a HD need to be accounted for and the metal supply that it lowers could create issues that needs electricity to make up for, just a theory. Rich kids with some brain and brawns. I just want to be fair with the rich kids Is the demand for it that is creating the rise of illicit data collections. There are team intangibles that you get with open offices. You get to be more aware of what is happening, in a subconscious way. I’ve seen both open and cubicles, both have plus and minus. This dude clearly has his own taste and thinks he can speak for everyone I was referring him making the article title sound like is gospel, i also blame the need to have a click bait title to get people to read it Can we derive some type of optimization algorithms from using this? These guys doesn’t seem to understand capsule network all the much, they had a translational image showing a rotated cat, now modified to properly show it translated I thought CNN was also translational invariant, why are they saying it’s not? Very nice write up on the experiment Could this be Gates undoing? There is so much variables that can rack up costs, let alone red tapes and fraudsters A lot of people hate small talk because of their success rate of small talk. “How are you doing?”, “yeah it’s good, how have you been?” “Not too bad”. “...” I think one of them has a delaying effect which kicks, need to google it Negotiations 101, always reject the first offer? I’m eagerly waiting for someone to use the imageNet data on it and show some prelim results I really think the great filter is us destroying ourselves from by inventing something that goes out of control or just by war itself. Yeah like in Mass effect Why would I use this for iOS when I can use CoreML and convert TensorFlow into a CoreML model where there is already native support? Someone can just write a CoreML tool to convert. There could already be one that converts non-lite version straight to CoreML Maybe human eyes will evolve to better read smaller characters over a bigger area like the ever expanding phone screens Is all in the converter tool, if the converter tool can get the tf file into a .mlmodel properly, then it will be supported. Inside is just a bunch of weights and layers and parameters. We just need a proper script to translate it Looks like you are right, CoreML only support these 3 DNNs: Feedforward, convolutional, recurrent. I suppose capsule nets are not any one of those, if it were implemented in TF It would make evolutionary sense to have the ability to select better sperm. These guys time the door to close to match the time of departure, I.e if the door and the warning tone takes 5 seconds, they’d press the close button 5 seconds before the time of departure, and the door motors are calibrated to be precisely to close in a certain speed always. They have timers to make sure they are not off. So that’s why 20 seconds to them is like an embarrassment When max profits means max attention from users this will naturally get public companies like FB to craft products this way Probably some sort of gene expression Maybe somebody is already using deep learning to train DNA with faces. Not sure how the architecture would look like but I think some form of unsupervised learning to find features mixed with GAN. As AI get smarter and places like Google collect more data about you, they will eventually know all the right buttons to press to get you to look and not look away. Maybe is different then what Android is already doing to you. There will always be maybe to anything The issue begins when you have the sugar industry funding the research Information sells. You own internet will eventually be regulated if enough critical services creeps on it, the you could be back to square one When you see one cockroach there is probably more It would be great if they can clearly tell how they differentiate from 1Password. Is it me or is the advance in AI seem much faster than any other tech that came before it? The rapid advancement in just one year is pretty mind boggling. Very hard to catch up. I have this year deleted FB, but not my account. This after noticing trends of tailoring the exact news that stimulates you the most from what it knows about you. I’m thinking most of this junk quite useless to me and is eating up a lot of valuable time. I would rather them just stick with Arxiv and then when they have something actually working practically, then post how it actually works. Sort of how Apple does it in their machine learning journal. I would think they would have their very own trade system if it isn’t just a government funded experiment. Although I predict it would take a long time to establish a trade system and one that involves cash or credits That’s probably the same game rules Elon is playing, make the best tech, get competitors licking their chops, they make it main stream and bring down prices of essential parts down. The market is so big even if they come out ahead, he still wins Any type of leak can contribute to this bacteria. Maybe there is some benign bacteria that was stuck on the outside from earth that will thrive in such environment What about the other rather important attributes like discharge rate, losses, temperature stability? I’m note sure if bitcoin can be a viable currency if the price movements are so volatile. It’s all good the the volatility moving the price up, carrying it in any big amount without insurance feels like gambling right now Am I missing something here? How does this apply to DNNs that tried to recognize images? Does it mean we can train a Net with just image now? Maybe birds reproduce faster and needs lesser food to survive No crash here, schedule the moon symbol on from now till 11:59pm you could be fine “Rinker sold Goodnight, Goodnight, Construction Site to Chronicle for a $4,000 advance. The title has been on the New York Times list for three years, with more than 850,000 copies in print and rights sold into 23 territories.” Seems like a lot of the writers got hosed I always think once you are lucky, twice you are good I see CVS using this to defend Amazon by giving Aetna customers with store discounts If you treat it like gold(store of value) then having a service that makes it liquid is just a bonus. Is like expecting to be able to purchase something using stock. AI is getting abstracted more and more, is like how languages are today I mean if it works and it isn’t really hurting anyone, say act confident till you can get there, why not? To me deep learning architecture is what CPU architecture are from yeaterday. Abstraction bring speed and standardizeation over customization, and most people doesn’t need a lot of customizations. So to answer you, yes you will get a lot more tooling in the near future, the only thing stopping it is how fast AI changes. With the speed of progress, if someone discovers a brand new brilliant idea that absolutes they way you train a system, then you could start back at ground zero I still don’t get how if I start trying a proof of work, and someone faster than me finishes the same proof of Work first, I would never mine a single bitcoin? Is that even the right question? I would go back to the market, pay the man extra and ask him to help trace where it came from, as there could be more where it came from Maybe with some type of mental disorders, the condition may more easily let your brain to think differently to have a higher IQ The parents made money, they set up the bank account under their name for YouTube to pay to. Why would they set it up under the 4 yr old child’s name at the beginning I thought this was gonna be some article describing a new latte they made This hardware requirement will slow adoption I wonder how Capsule nets can evolve using Attention model like this The author is also noting Asia. Countries where labour costs, govt subsidies, currency cost, etc is superior. Comparing costs in US to another place is not a good comparison The author has a bunch of numbers and stats written down which supports his claims but none of us would even bother to check up. Now the thing is do I trust what his guy says that Musk can’t actually do it or do I trust a man that has already built a working reusable rocket to space and made a few electrical vehicles? If Elon says he’s an idiot, i wouldn’t bet against that Generally I always go to review sites first like wire cutter to see what are the best stuff, then I would see the little details, mostly what bad reviews say about it to contradict. A lot good reviews I can sniff out as fluff with a 5 star label. The bad thing is that when I see an avg of 4.5 stars with 100+ reviews, there is a slight bias inside me for this product. Amazon could do a better job to weight the avg stars. Maybe the rear lights has something to do with it, could be a faulty light oscillator for led if you are using one First they would have to buy enough crypto, which will drive up prices, and they’d had to wait for prices to go up to gain any benefits. 3rd, the US will probably start some heavy regulations on it as it could start to pose a national security issue If bitcoin price is derived from the bid ask, most of the worlds money would have to be parked in bitcoin, does that even make sense? Happening every day at the penny stock stalls in small doses, but in crypto currency, these guys get off scott free with huge sums I find creating an easy path to get thing started helps a lot. Is same idea on how games get you keep coming back and continue playing. How you create it is based on what you think is easy Exactly, it feels like you are now working for the clock. I do think if you can focus for more than 20, don’t break the momentum. Is better to take a bigger break after than to force a break. So a decentralized system is now centralized? Is probably same for Android unless they operate at a lower voltage than the peak so no performance is degraded over a bigger, but at the expense overall lower performance. The direction capabilities is what makes me use google maps more, it’s just more reliable in general and gives better routes. Sometimes Apple would give these really dumb routes. I would say ‘why would you do that?’ So now adding the term cryptocurrency to your product to make it look good is a thing now? I can see the reason they are making this move is because the supply of GeForce Video cards is being used up for things other than Graphics duty like mining block chains or AI training. It’s probably a desperate supply move Maybe backprop is actually a form of evolution, a straight forward one where you iterate towards a better form You cannot just look at that, the Tesla’s have bigger memory bandwidth and bigger memory which can help to utilize the GPUs better by having faster access to more data When you cannot really have a way to value something, I don’t think the world has seen a class of “investment vehicle” like this since the subprime packages that were being sold The issue with this type of circuit breaker is that there is really no information to let people absorb and calm themselves. When you resume the trade people will still be clueless on why prices moved that way and resume their selling I think he meant 9/10 times a business will fail if trying the first time in a field. If it is your 2nd time trying after a fail or success, the chance has to be different because you’ve boosted your chance from the learnings Now a days, a computer not really off if it has power connected to it. Nice blanket statement, i don’t think you speak for any die hard Apple fans here. I’m a die hard fan, and I still use all their native apps. I’m not sure how you say they are bloated, notes is probably the best in class of notes apps out there. The calendars and reminder features are stripped down to a fault, but still useful because it just works for me. The stability of the software is getting worse, but with any issues, people are 10x more sensetive than other platforms that have all the same issues. Maybe find a very well received project on GitHub and check out the author and see some of his code Not only did they have the right design decision to lower the chance of my phone shutting down when I may need it the most, they are lowering the battery replacement price! The Winkofloss brothers stores their codes right to prevent these type of kidnappings. They distributed the keys across states and bank vaults. Didn’t think I would read it through, but I did! Was a refreshing read amids all the tech. Pretty well written. Makes you wonder how many fossils were destroyed if they didn’t notice or just wanted to get on with Work. Now if you can make the plasma move through air at fast speed, Plasma gun! Is this a precursor to a real life Jurassic Park? Maybe because doin anything else that is slightly more complicated than a few experiments is gonna cost exponentially more and the budgets won’t get approved. Amazon wouldn’t have brought Wholefoods if according to your logic. They can use Targets physical location to cover a lot of last mile delivery or more products to have those 2 hour deliveries. Cloud services may not need to worry about the issue depending on the OS the customer choose to use, the patched or non patched version. Had one of these at my parents and they just out lasted most of my friends TVs and it was still working like new the day we finally was urged to switch to LCD tv after they had it 20+ years Sort of like how old guards like Rim and Nokia caught on with the iPhone when it was introduced? So Cat and Mouse is layman’s term for Adversial network? The risk of getting found out is huge and Apple isn’t gonna do that. I would think any half decent security research can detect if encrypted data is being sent somewhere when they are not supposed to and report it to the public Anyone know the implications to the security of the crypto currencies? Are they highly prone to theft now? Funny that nowhere to be found: the actual link to the fix and how to patch it. Just imagine if they all claim each others videos lol he probably needs cash to start his next thing Is probably more expensive to procure 486s than mordern low end chips now a days Milwaukee fastback 2. Its a box cutter but it flips in and out so quickly, it’s amazing to use. And to carry extra blades if it breaks. https://www.milwaukeetool.com/hand-tools/utility-knives/48-2... Looks like a big money grab by the companies that touts they can accurately track people Right, so he sold at a time where the cpu flaws was already discovered and heat building up Unless is a planned sale from a long back, then he could be ok Inevitably because of the ICO component, there will be a lot of applications that tries to use block chain to search for a problem to solve more inefficiently than not using block chain. With the main idea so they can get the ICO to work for them. It costs them nothing, because there was never any data Apple was sharing. They should look at the differential privacy data Apple was talking about, and maybe that will be better than nothing. Still down I’m not sure if they can discriminate and just hire locals and eliminate all others Have you ever seen that happen in the US without hearing the word lawsuit? Or you can say there are many way worse investments. This is actually a company that demonstrate they can make things work and have a record for deliveries Prices will come down as a result of scale and tech advances. And it has been coming down substantially every year The M assistant seemed like a 10 minute programming job to make dumb sticker suggestions How about a lawsuit? As more and more of our sensitive data and activities go through this little device, people will eventually care and this seems like a good investment Just to note, this has nothing to do with Hintons Capsule Networks If the Ui was so deliberate easy to send an alert and it was allowed to be implemented, mistakes will happen, he shouldn’t be fired for that I was just thinking they are testing the network on one of the smallest areas in the US. You know with NK threatening to press the button They need to make this happen for humans, it would revolutionize the cosmetics industry I would definitely buy a play back machine in the future so I don’t have to take so many pictures on trips. Why would I as a founder want the tap rate be controlled via consensus? It could hinder certain purchases if they are time sensitive. I always adjust to the minumum brightness needed for my eyes to see can See comfortably. The monitors and phones have a very bright default value, on my LCD I practically have contrast and brightness near 0. Same with my phone. Everyone is different, but I would adjust the brightness to match the exterior lighting so they balance. Most people have the screen too high in comparison to the background lights. So am I right to summarize that because of the type of sugar used which allows the ice cream to stay solid at a higher temperature, it was easier to have the deadly bacteria thrive on the type of sugar used? I’m waiting for the Colbert interview with the man of the moment They should just keep it simple, convert large intersections to massive round a-bouts. The pitch deck for the investors must be all drawing boards then One of the first Aircrafts to get rid of most CAN buses and use Ethernet for internal comm. Seem like the issue arises from artificial constraints which seem to purposely create a problem. I.e If you can place the blocks all over the table, this issue would not arise. I don’t see why they need to put in a constraint where you can only place blocks in 2 locations. It doesn’t help that every news organization in the world is talking about bitcoin and even worse, some of these people are predicting $100,000 price tags. Who wouldn’t want a 6x return from the peak? I actually appreciate Jazz more than classical, and I’m sure I can play Jazz if i put my mind to it. Would that make my brain work differently before I even play jazz? So let me get this straight. Gold can be compared to bitcoins in terms of scarcity and and store of value. But bitcoin itself is in practical term a proof of concept technology that is only useful when applied properly in another block chain. While gold actually has great uses. Can i say if you are investing in bitcoin, you are basically investing in equivalent a scarce physical paper with not a whole lot of use? Looks like someone’s homepage on Angelfire 25 years ago lol Bitcoin isn’t a stock that has earnings. They are more like gold or silver. The usefulness + scarcity should determine its price. Right now people are buying because other people are buying, and a whole lot o hype A lot of people don’t understand how ripple works and how the underlying mechanism works, it seems far more useful than bitcoin because of the transaction speed. But I think it is going down because that is the one they went up the most recently, which means the gains are more likely from hype than anything There are not many people that actually work x hours even though they are at the office for x hours. So when they say they work 90, does that mean they actually is focused and doing actual work for 90? The underrated scary thing is that this stuff is so new, no one has a good theory on how to properly price any given crypto. The price is purely changed as they change hands at the exchanges Manufacturing recognition require speed and probably 99.999% up time, I didn’t see anything that can guarantee this and the fact that they are on the cloud almost certainly doesn’t guarantee this. It would require local or very close to the edge connection to get manufacturing to practically use this The half glass full crowd would be saying is still up 10x this year The problem is that a half full bag is still heavy either way you look at it They will have a very hard time understanding inside jokes or veiled meanings One idea is to engineer micro robots with similar size and use image recognition to find these mites near nests and they go in and kick ass. Like how a few hornets can take care of thousands of bees. This is a future todo Now the bottle neck to publish data getting the API and dB to be hosted somewhere because that part is still not trivial for many if it is a tech HQ they want to at least move to the east coast so they don’t compete in talent. Looks like porn is being used to de stress So a hospital can theoretically have everything out of network and the patient will risk financial ruin just by using hospitals in America. What did you expect? They are in the business of making transactions, bitcoin isn’t anymore. Google shuttered their HealthVault service. Who in their right mind would let google who openly sells and uses your data.. So do you have to eat a pound of it? A lot of studies now a days shows significant effects only in significant amounts I mean you don’t need to be Sherlock to know sugar is bad for you, I’ve heard over and over again from all sorts of different publications and talks on the effects. You talk sugar out, you give yourself a better chance Does anyone know if say you have Facebook level of activity, wouldn’t the block chain be in the orders of petabytes to download? I’m sure you may want to know your history all the way back, or does the protocol is smart to know how much you need to download? Big teams gives the inexperienced product person an impression that more features can be done which can lead to design changes when things go jive, and you get stuck more and more A lot of people take for granted of a bank guarantees from govt. In a bank you are protected if the bank burns down or gets robbed empty. Unlike the Wild West here I like the title more if it’s “Roll your own Alpha zero using Keras and python” Is just the elegance in they way it outputs the large number. I could easily do an expontianial of an exponential of exponential repeatedly exponentially and that would be hard to imagine, but it would look hacky Is the faux social networks that sells vanity and likes over real substance and relationships I wouldn’t be surprised if there are some controllers work from home and use VNC to access controls! When they do “copy” it and successfully put it in a human, it will make Pet Sematary the movie look like Driving Miss Daisy There was this other load of shit that tries to keep track of every diamond. Sure track the ones that are tracked! Their P/E is now over 340. I’m not sure if that’s new territory do a stock that is not penny? Or is it because they just became earnings positive? Is a P/E over 300 is that good value? Don’t get too big, or you get Nationalized if the govt thinks they have too much control on the people Perhaps they will need to have the latest sound simulation tech to lively it up for the fans. This is the difference between physical limitation and artificial limitation. I’m not sure why people would care if you can make the latter look like the former. Infact you can tweak rules easily as the league evolve I always thought curation creates value So is this article implying spooky action at a distance also applies to time? Time do relates to distance through velocity correct? Because they think they can ICO? Lol Also, Programmed trading, excitement in the run up = more people buying, more greed = more use of margins = more margin calls. What’s the point of the code isn’t human readable? You need to train the AI to write code that is easily modifiable with low dependencies. Otherwise the conversion isn’t very useful for anything unless your page is completely static Very well written article to capture your attention on a subject that isn’t really unique What age we live in, that live video is understated How does it taste? It would likely burn up on the entry, it’s still got air friction in Mars atmosphere Yeah there things are starting g to be filtered down to just easy and very hard in software. Easy is when all the high level apis helping us to a lot of work on easy tasks. The hard part is when you really want to customize it and have many different parts work together nicely and workable. So there is a big gap in knowledge between those 2, hence we sometimes get bimodal payments. Looks like a play to get Netflix’$ attention I really hope they sue that intern to the ground and the circle of people that took it. It just endangers everyone if someone donfind out how to weaponize it. His name must be known, you want this guy to work at your company? Yeah people timing the corrrection is as foolish as people trying to time a bottom. The short game is won by people with way more information than you. You beat them by going long as it is harder to predict for them. The game is more even at that distance I thought talk and hangouts do the same things, google needs to do a better job in marketing Exatly, the resistance due to evolution and new strains by passing vaccines is not very comparable A lot of them do as a form of stock/investment. But I think there is a prestig factor in there somewhere Some ceo giving you secret handshake before an unannounced event is very simple to do Partial communism? There is a time for that but until more jobs are taken over by automation or robots, this would just slow down a lot of progress Remaining anonymous goes a long way to help you keeping sane and your friends and family intact Looks like it keeps your mind from replaying the traumatic events in a traumatic fashion early on if Tetris can keep your mind off it, makes sense Adhering to fire codes must be big part of the costs. How do you fireproof some crazy dude just decides to throw a Molotov cocktail at it? In mine, an elder would ask someone to finish it up and he would appoint someone to eat it, if he refuses, then to the next Most responses here days by these companies is that this was a bug and we will fix it after being caught I’m thinking they get a way bigger margin with this buy and they do not need to declare that to the consumers, huge win for retailers. You wouldn’t be able to pull this off in the US without major buyer bewares. Wild guess:Maybe a constant seismic vibration that is coming from deep under that is of a certain frequency I double this idea Do you use the internet without stuff like Tor? The cost of switching including? What’s the percentage of saving? Maybe efficiency is catching up with demand It’s relative, a lot compare to earth but otherwise, it doesn’t mean much to ask that I would argue that retail world has counterfeits in similar fashion as online. Also if not amazon, you will find as many other big name sites and stand alone sites selling these fake things. It’s an existential problem of selling goods that no one has much solutions yet. People think it’s easy to fix, but these guys will find cracks and th solution usually has side effects and other unintended side effects that these big retailers are not willing to take. I’m sure they have something in development but they are testing the heck out of it, which I think would involve AI. Just give it sometime How is this news? It’s wraping AI terminology over what we would call over since dawn of human, a disguise. Drives fine on what seem like a perfect looking place in perfect weather and perfect drivers Depends what the API does. But ultimately depends if I will reach 1000 or go over or under These tools ever adjust for taxes paid when you trigger a cap gain. It usually assume you never sell and buy a different stock They probably will partner up with insurance company’s and will provide discounts if you take this test as part of your physical. And increase it if you don’t or start at a higher price for all products that the client doesn’t take the test. Yeah it’s gonna come to that If you are tired maybe you don’t think too much, thinking too much is part of depression I’ve play so many games and had every system that came out up to ps3, Xbox 360 from NES. I still don’t know how to properly play Minecraft. Is one of those game I feel sorry for myself for still now knowing how to play lol! Every time I start a new Minecraft game, I would start throwing random bricks and beating up chcickens and saying to myself, that’s it? And then there is just a new article posted up there in HN that talks about how bad sleep increases risk of depression https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16562599 In Japan, the person with the gun would be known as bringing a gun to a knife fight. ..is implied it will go up to 1 billion by EOD IPO. Achieving 3x is easy when your revenue was lower to begin with. Most likely, the disclosure would lose her a few friends and change everything in your current and future relationships. Very smart lady! You can donate anonymously Lol, yes don’t underestimate what people expects and want out of you. It’s human nature in pure raw form. You can say no, and they don’t have to take it nicely maybe not even in a perfect world. Probably they found 90% of the ads are frauds or just plain fraud like in their proposed amount you will gain from buying the said cryptos. Bitcoin would not need advertisement for example. Not having clicked thru the link, that doesn’t sound good for his insider trading case This is great, probably elimate a portion of interviews. :/ I hope people there don’t automatically imply trust everytime they hear blockchain. If controlled by central authorities the blocks can be changed like text on a file. Mobile programmers doesn’t need regex nearly as much as serverside I meant to say they do not need to be great beyond basics like using wild cards, and simple Inclusion and exclusion syntax. That’s probably more than 50% of time all you need on that side of he world The fact that it was able to be remotely controlled is exposing it to a whole world of bugs and hacks And you are probably in the same situation when he was in when he realized it’s too much to re write and so he continued down the path. The next person will have the same issues as you until one of you can get Managment to let you rewrite it. Inheritance was probably was a good idea for a small thing and quickly achieve certain goals until features ballooned and he keep promising to deliver more features on top promptly No one can be certain, unless you are one of those that keep saying a company will go down eventually, one day you will be right. With all the funding into AI meaning we have way more human capital involved and with real tangible AI benefits being demonstrated, it is unlikely AI winter will arrive anytime soon, I say revisit again in 5 years Tim did say they want to control all essential tech for their products. As you can see how they have integrated iPad Pros screen with new controllers and pens to make the Pen work, they probably want absolute control on every parameter without any issues and secret leaks They will have video for sure if since they are testing, then we will see. Your statement about reaction time is assuming so many things, may as well declare the AI guilty now right? People will trust that as much as the next batch of data being sent thru FaceBook not being sent to 3rd parties. The need the DOJ to do a more fair job how is this news to anyone? Just about every player in the free to use game will use or share your data either directory or indirectly. Isn’t this more like someone throw a stolen item in your bag without you consenting or knowing? is pretty hard to beat human drivers in the danger category. But ok let’s play this out a little longer before you start dismissing it You lost respect for him over that? Should he put a cam in his bathroom for the world to see to be in sync with his business ambitions? This tells me the tech isn’t too useful from the price and from the buyer and the amount of time it took to get a sale on that price. That’s beside the fact that it does this selective focus thing which should be automatic anyways or selected during the shot. The model could be trained in such a way that it will only work with historical data and pass only back tests accurately. This is because you are training against the “answer” which is already known. Training with trends and patterns is like a technical trader looking for patterns. When things go right they attribute to the pattern, but when it’s wrong, they attribute it to unforeseen events. The unforeseen events is something if can be predicted, you will be rich lol Even plainer language: Rocket exhaust can have impact with atmosphere, we need to study it more on short and long term effects. Gradient descent is already a type of evolution that converges to a truth I call it EOD explanation. Yes, the - at the “End of the Day” EOD It may not look like it, but this is equivalent to accidentally pressing a missle button and it hit the country on the other side. I want to see one actually work before getting hyped up. There has been “good news” thru the years but nothing happens with it You do need to disable those systems to have a proper test and may have adverse confusion with the AI They lost it when they couldn’t scale I don’t get if this light source is the x-ray source and how shooting it through a filter thousands of times lowers radiation? I feel the body could sense some type of contradiction in that it seems like you are in caloric restriction, but you are really not. The could cause unknown long term effects. He is saying if A hurts B, A thinks is ok until C hurts A in a way that beats it to its own game. A and C is acronyms for countries This will give them even more advantages because they are a vertical integrated company they can differentiate them selves with hardware and software integrations Market at all time high relative to 5-10 year average it is way above average. This is a psychological run market, models will often roll with punches. So people are in a hand on the trigger mode after suffering suffering close 10 percent losses. Any news and downs will trigger more downs, and ups will cause people to buy back due to losses and the models also play into these predicted effects. Their tech is already used in all kinds of war activities indirectly. Some banks now have new activation procedures now include using your card to do a transaction or just use with correct pin. ALL I need to know! After this long given they don’t upgrade the OS, it will eventually be cracked. Sounds like quantum mechanics at work here. Man I cannot imagine how they will debug the issue in the algorithm and how they will re train it to get that barrier mistake out Same with driving with variable traffic And the YouTube Title. “You won’t believe what happens next” Most video games story pacing isn’t made for movies. Converting it to a movie they add all kinds of fillers and patches to remove game elements that makes game fun but movies not so fun to watch and nobody has been able to do this well. It’s Google, smelling blood Seem like a narrow minded study that found a consistent variable coincidentally and pointing it out as the cause Is gonna be like stocks, you don’t even need to see the product. Is just a number on screen now Classic pyramid scheme, I think 660mil in Viet currency? Looks like privacy is making a big come back and fuk all these companies that gives free service in exchange to use your personal info Probably because they have already strong convictions about something and having a boss is not much different for them than a bigger company There is probably a non-block chain way to replicate this It’s analogous to an open hose with a few bad actors, in that case yes shut the hose and create a better one “Up to x% faster” another marketing term that used to work. If they do it better and cheaper they care Seem cheaper and less complex + maintenance with solar. Anyone know the speed in relation to ddr3 market ram? Lobster used to be prison food What’s worse, it saw it but misinterperated or sensors has a blind spot and missed something? When the rest of the developed world is working 9-5, who wants to work 9-9 Smarter in which area and would be be at expense of other traits? It will need smarts to fly and land, and land especially to save power while it awaits the next destination command. The land surveys can only see so much and if you land wrong on a even a small rock, you could get stuck top over Ethics to AI is more like 1s and 0s. For a moment I thought I saw Chest Boxing Isn’t carrier IQ been always doing that? He’s just saying block chain is the next CDS(credit default swaps) I think opensourced block chain implementation is way more transparent than the bundled derivative instruments the bankers made. The problem is that people will still invest in stuff like shit coins or use stuff like Tether where nothing is transparent Yep no longer applies, 5 years late Strong found a dwelling for the weak, and preyed on them. That most of the time would be the IT guy who just finished a large burrito, max spicyness What worked for me was to do more stretches on the forearms there was one that was particularly useful in helping to release the ulnar nerve. I’ve heard of docs that prescribed serotonin and anti depressant medications to attempt to fix pain issues Because the closing effort is a lot of detailed work that you didn’t anticipate and could be quite demoralizing Was the name derived from: If it’s yellow, let it mellow? Better have the sugar juices hooked up into your blood, you cannot breathe and drink at the same time. Hmm the AI model which is widely considered a undebugable black box glitches on a percentage of users. What else could happen next? What was he think man? Maybe he saw how easy XiaoMi made it look and wanted a piece Bet your house on it if it’s “well on it’s way” GitHub: the ale requires you to keep us open. Microsoft:.. GitHub: the sale requires you to keep us open. Microsoft:.. Ain’t all companies used to be startups? When you go public that’s what happens, fb isn’t amazon where it finds new ways to grow, they saturated their user base due to geo and political factors, so investors need him to justify the stock price multiple. I speed thru the video and didn’t see how it needed AI to do any of that Good to get clueless investor money or users that think AI really does make it better Eventually, it will diverge back to what you have today. Alien fart? News coming from a bot oriented site If you look at Uber, it’s just one great app system away from taking over another form of work which was taxi Introducing more ways to lose money In layman terms does this mean we will get 0ms latency? No risk no reward Keep saying but let us know when a real world product can be achieved This only pushes the responsibility down lower in the stack. Somewhere someone would have to handle a state where we have data and error being nil at the same time. The server can a aboulutly send you data and error as nil, either by error or on purpose. Someone is gonna handle that. I feel like these higher profile cryptocurrency projects are just still following thru because they’ve been approved at the peak of its hype and fully funded back then. What percentage is a group of share holders? Similar to project ara? I was able to build a deep learning OCR using CNN from scratch using Keras and runnning in an App using iOS’s coreml in 2 months without prior experience. Hard part was actually getting the data set great. 80% of the time was data massaging. Keras saved me some time. Although the results wouldn’t be world class. Don’t matter if you say pretty please, if it aligns with their business they will do it. They’ve probably thought of this move already. Advanced + nuclear sounds scary to me. The temperature difference. Another reason is not a lot of people know what it really means to go functional. Musks methods are unproven, but there it’s moderate risk high reward situation he is creating. Just don’t eat too much I like the start the small and ramp up method they are using. This should get plenty of investors mouth watering if they can prove it works and can scale Why don’t they Kaggle it? It’s just a lot of social network fatigue when every freaking app is copying each other with similar features. Did I just hear “almost”? Something doesn’t add up, the roach eat but they need to shit and roaches don’t grow after reaching certain size. So at the point they’d be just eating and shitting. The shit can’t be used as protein, so there still need to land fill that waste correct? The article isn’t telling the whole story. Must be one of the worse place to work on earth too I googled pics and the place in hallways is just overrun by roaches, not sure how they can contain those things. Back to topic, they say they grind up the rotting food and feed it into a massive glass container, imagine the smell along with all that Just because is human nature to think history could repeat itself, he is looking at the next crisis from a similar angle, which is implying lighting striking twice. I would look at polical or after shocks from a melt down from another super power. The uptick could be temporary because it is catching people off guard with rhemused to seeing most relevant result in top. But the allure of the exposure will always be there even after people smartens up They will not lose customers over this, I skip the ads and still buy what I want, at a good price, and reliable deliveries. Infact, knowing Bezos, they will lower prices further from the money gained by either reinvesting to improve process like delivery price, time and cheaper logicstis Which means more customers $$. Xyz company is not your friend. Ok, like we didn’t know they are trying to make money off the other side? When is the last time a company trying to make a profit is our friend? It used to be a form of saving money and better control of your car, but now is more of an acquired taste to want to use manual shift. For me, the fun is in doing perfect rev match down shifts or doing a goo toe-heel move before a tight turn. Otherwise comparing to all the AI and radars, there isn’t much practical use anymore. Wouldn’t that training set be valuable! Me too but rarely there are these hard core foot by foot stop and go traffic where I wish I had an auto, but rarely. For me a brain teaser means the company can’t get to the point and unknowingly is just beating around the bush. Without a peer review, if I were to base financial decisions on this, it could be dangerous, especially the finer points.