Wow, the Algol-68 spec really is impenetrable. But... Paper checks don't actually move money around, computers changing numbers in electronic ledgers do. A paper check is just a device to trigger that process. I'm not sure this story makes any sense to me. Feynman reportedly tested at 125 on an IQ test in high school. Which just indicates how completely useless that test was. Yes. If you listen to what everyone is telling you without evaluating it for yourself, you are indeed a fool. Why not? The idea of 30 million piano-playing Chinese isn't important because we need piano players. It's important because the fact that someone can take piano lessons implies a certain level of economic status beyond day-to-day survival. It implies a growing middle and upper class. Those implications lead to the conclusion of much larger markets, which leads to the idea of more wealth creation resulting from people filling those markets. Tsunamis? Climate change is responsible for earthquakes now? Yeah, I loved that one. Does provide some perspective. On the other hand, I kept thinking how thrilled he must be that his game is going to be a huge movie, since he really wanted to be a filmmaker all along. I wonder if you'd get the same effect with powerful used cars that cost much less. I tend to think you would. Read a program that's at least a few hundred lines long in Haskell. Now read it in Lisp. Readability counts! There's an interesting page linked there, wikipedia's internal Newbie Treatment Study. Good to see they're at least considering they might have a problem. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Newbie_treatment_at_C... What's the benefit to me as the user though? It's neat, but does it have any actual effect on anything? This is interesting too- "I really wish I could be more positive about the Kyrgyzstan material, but I swear I pulled every trick out of my sleeve trying to milk something out of that. It was pretty funny though - I told Malcolm what you said about my possibly being too Graybill-like in evaluating the response functions - he laughed and said that's what he thought at first also. The data's tempting but there's too much variation even within stands. I don't think it'd be productive to try and juggle the chronology statistics any more than I already have - they just are what they are (that does sound Graybillian). I think I'll have to look for an option where I can let this little story go as it is. Not having seen the sites I can only speculate, but I'd be optimistic if someone could get back there and spend more time collecting samples, particularly at the upper elevations. Yeah, I doubt I'll be over your way anytime soon. Too bad, I'd like to get together with you and Ed for a beer or two. Probably someday though. Cheers, Gary Gary Funkhouser Lab. of Tree-Ring Research The University of Arizona" http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=12&filena... There really does need to be a full and detailed explanation of all this, immediately. It's in response to the climatologist trying to get him to publish anyway. He was being pressured to make his data fit. Great, so now all we need is to run this in the released data and verify if the graph was produced with the code commented in or out. If there was released data, that is. The point being we only know how the code looks in that file, we don't know when the commented out sections were commented out. So nothing is proven here either way. I await the explanation of this little detail. At what other periods to tree rings not correctly correlate to temperature? How do we know the last 50 years is the only time this has happened? Since we do not know why the temperature has not correctly correlated over the last 50s years, we can't really know when else that has been the case, can we? So why do we rely on tree rings for any period? They are proven to be unreliable over a signifcant period, and we don't know if or how often that's also true of the past. That's the main issue. The user base for it will be relatively small for several years. Hopefully many of the people on IE 6 will leapfrog to a HTML 5 browser in the next few years, that would solve a lot of issues. I like the way it shows that the core site is but a part of the overall strategy. An important part, but just a part. It's also a good reference to use to answer the question "What does the non-tech founder do?" Well, see all those other boxes? Figure out how they apply best to you. My favorite hiring process I've been a part of was with a AI startup. The initial phase was a list of maybe a dozen questions in an email. Fairly open-ended questions about how I perceived aspects of intelligence, ontology, and general philosophical concepts. Then a day at the company talking with the founder and the team, walking through their concept, long two way discussions about it, and a discussion about the direction of AI in general. Didn't get into a lot of coding details, it was assumed if I could participate in the conversation at a sufficient level that I'd be able to work the rest of it out. Which was true. Great process, completely appropriate for that situation. Can you direct me to papers correlating tree ring data to temperature data outside of the 100 year range from the mid 19th to the mid 20th cenutry? You indicate it's obvious, but I'd like to see the actual papers. What do you imagine you would want to be? I'm just waiting for that inevitable 3 AM post in which Arrington reveals all. It's always those very late night posts that are the most interesting. Most of the people I know in their 30s and 40s married with kids are completely desperate for more social opportunities. This is the sort of thing where you can see that Marge and Dave from a couple streets over are going out to dinner Saturday and it's a chance to join in. Given the way physical communities just aren't communities these days, this sort of site is a chance to reverse that. Who do you think is on facebook and twitter anyway? Thanks for this, always good to have real data! The exact same software that would allow for accurate tracking of the 20% that make money would work for the 80% that don't. The fact that they can't properly account for the 80% strongly implies that they can't properly account for the 20%. $3.99 each. Gonna have to lower that price point a little. Too many people with their hands in the till. You know they have considerable income right now, right? "The US rating agency Moody's has warned that Dubai faces a "systemic increase in debt" after borrowing abroad on a huge scale to fund its construction boom, raising the risk of a financing crunch unless richer neighbours in the United Arab Emirates offer support." - Oct 13, 2008. Yes, 2008. Who didn't see it coming? http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/globalbusiness/3191538/Du... Very nice. Search is well done, though it's not immediately obvious there are more categories than shown. Explorer didn't seem to really show me things I liked, I think that's going to be really tough with art, as each piece is unique and things that may seem similar evoke quite different reactions. Still, the site has me seriously considering buying something. So there you go. Everyone's look at the sites in that video aren't they? But this does seem like a problem that would already be solved. And yet I don't think it is... It hasn't even actually come to market yet. I love the guy from the Small Business Administration's comments being so stern. Typical. Although there's no indication in what he says that he's talking about the subject of this article at all. The article doesn't say Geithner was hired by Citigroup. It says he was hired to run Treasury by someone who previously worked for Citigroup. If you're going to factcheck, make sure you're checking facts. Some software called Supercollider. Here's the article that links to that page. http://thewire.co.uk/articles/3177/ You're assuming the only value Google gets is the raw data. Does Google seem like the sort of company that stops with raw data? Or do they seem like a company that will squeeze every tiny little bit of information out of that raw data? There's MUCH more value in Twitter's firehose than the literal tweets. Google will extract it. PageRank needs to get a lot smarter. It's possible, though unlikely, that the entire report is deliberate misinformation. The guy runs a visual effects company. So. He's got at least one project being shopped around Hollywood right now. Who knows who it really is. Could be some random kiddies in Des Moines. The good news for Twitter is that I keep wanting to go to Twitter to get the latest news on this hacking. They're my go-to source for breaking news. I'm sure they're worried about a membership drop, but you really would think that the ACM of all people would understand that false scarcity is not a business model for information-based organizations in today's world. Arrington is just a bit of a fighter himself. "To the best of your knowledge" just means you haven't bothered to find out. I stopped reading at the word "bleating". Everything you wrote after that was wasted. Think about that before you post again. Are there really 10s of thousands of scientists doing climate work? What is your source for that? It seems like a high number. Answering my own question, there may in fact be 10s of thousands of "climate scientists", for a very broad definition of climate scientist. http://rabett.blogspot.com/2006/11/how-many-climate-scientis... Interesting to note though, how low the number is for scientists actually working on climate change . I could say nearly anything will be here by 2047. Hmmm. I wonder how they'll deal with policing this for porn. I like the 3 dot one. Better conveys the idea of "for everyone". Cleaner too. It's also where the go-to-prison is when one of the girls is under age. Ask the Girls Gone Wild guy. I've always been puzzled by people who can't see how to make money from Twitter. Imagine there was a global, constant conversation happening in real-time and involving 10s of millions of people. Now imagine you can know exactly what each one of those people is saying. Can people really not see the massive value in that? It's also true that if you're spending $300,000,000 making the movie, it's got to play everywhere. EVERYwhere. It's going to be translated into 50 languages, usually badly. It's going to play in villages where no one reads and no one speaks English and the sound system loses half the words anyway. Simple works. Complex doesn't. As foreign box office has grown to a higher and higher percentage, this has become more and more true. Avatar did over 2/3rd of it's global box office opening weekend outside of the US and Canada (the "domestic" market). Cameron did his job. I'd be seriously impressed by anyone who could actually learn math or physics from wikipedia. Those articles are so poorly written and jargon heavy that I rarely learn anything from them. Happily the computer science articles tend to make at least a little sense. But then I already have a degree in the field. The problem in my experience has always been that management can't just leave well enough alone and make it straight performance based. They have to tie in all these things that they think should lead to good performance, whether they actually do or not. This experiment seems fundamentally flawed to me. If they see things they can't explain in other ways, it could be dark matter.Or it could just be things they can't explain in other ways. I must be missing something. This whole article rests on the idea that reach (number of followers) equals influence. Twitter pretty much proves that wrong right out of the gate, so why is anyone debating it? This says absolutely nothing about whether people with real influence (which isn't the same thing at all as number of connections) affect things. Of course, it's all meaningless if you're just going to let people on your watch lists waltz on to your planes. "Disable aircraft-integrated passenger communications systems and services (phone, internet access services, live television programming, global positioning systems) prior to boarding and during all phases of flight." Because you can't blow up the plane if you don't know where you are. The simple, clear, undeniable fact (not theory of what could happen, but fact) is that in this case, placing extra attention on this person who was on the watch list would have kept him and his bomb off an airplane full of people. It's not too difficult to notice your plane is descending. And you know the length of the flight, within a reasonable tolerance. So timing can't be too hard. This rule makes no sense at all. The part that bothers me is where he says they asked him a lot of detailed questions about his model in such a way that they planned on using the details for their own service. I don't see that as being a good thing in the least. It's my understanding from the Netflix TOS for their API that ratings can't be stored by a third party, for privacy reasons. Perhaps that has changed, or perhaps I read it wrong. I was skimming out of curiosity. I looked into it a little more today via the dev forum on nexflix. A couple of relevant threads- http://developer.netflix.com/forum/read/49287 http://developer.netflix.com/forum/read/52540 In short, it looks like you can't get full ratings history, though you can get up to 500 of them. And you can't store for more than 24 hours. Though several months ago Netflix said they were looking to change the api so you could get the full history and also to change their TOS so you could be allowed to store it as a third party (with sufficient notification to the user that you were doing so). So it may work out in the not too distant future. Excellent article. The current Zynga model is certainly unsustainable. They've hired Brian Reynolds, which hints at deeper games to come, but what they're doing right now will be ineffective in 6 months. One thing I've been coming to terms with- just because something makes no sense long term doesn't mean that it's not a valuable course to pursue short term. If, and it's a big if, Zynga can reinvent itself in the next 6-9 months, then this initial phase was brilliant in that it gave them the resources they needed to move on to real domination. If they don't reinvent themselves, a few people will have made a lot of money, but nothing permanent will have been built. A real opportunity will have been missed. But they can't keep on the same path, it just won't work a lot longer. Of course, there are "personal interrogations" in US airports today. They're just "random", but they most assuredly exist. A world in which would be bombers instead come from wealthy families and are smart enough to be engineering students, You know, like the last would be bomber. Can we put to rest the myth that it's lack of opportunity and education that creates terrorists? It's blatantly not true. I don't know. This all just seems so unlikely. Far more likely that he misunderstood what he saw. Slideshow from Gears Of War developer, seems to be advocating Haskell as the "next mainstream programming language". Now that I'm impressed with. Order of magnitude, what's a top app make in a month? What's the monthly price of the plan with tmobile? For unlimited voice/data or whatever their closest option is? The problem here is that the mind works by mental tricks. Just because you don't think of them as tricks doesn't mean they aren't. Don't you think it would be better to select the tricks that operate your brain by intention rather than by accident? I have walked into a Best Buy, ready to make a computer purchase on the spot. And then walked out because I could not buy what I wanted without their "optimizations". I simply will not deal with retailers who do this. Step 1 is to get out of the mindset of using the same solution for 20 years. You often don't, and when you do, it almost always costs you more in lost opportunity than it saves. Yes, yes, I know many many legacy systems are out there that are decades old. And every single one of them represents major lost opportunity. Release early, release often isn't just for startups. You know, a lot of banking systems still shut down for nightly "maintenance". I can't imagine Twitter is looking to be acquired. Buy and sell electricity. Gooron! >Google and Microsoft are paying roughly 3¢ for every 1,000 tweets. That's a pittance in the world of online advertising. Completely irrelevant comparison. They aren't selling advertising. Andrew Carnegie would have agreed. I looked at the "computer science" section from the left menu, and the top of the list was The Great Gatsby. That must be for the future financial engineers? Upvoted for sincere willingness to help others (Even if I don't particularly subscribe to the point of view promoted.) But this has always been Zuck's position. He hasn't always focused on saying it in public, but he's always had little patience for people wanting privacy in social networks. There's a bit of irony in the CEO of an advertising company complaining that people overspent their means. A man who profited from promoting consumption thinks there was too much consumption. Downvote me all you want, but the bubble was caused by the desire of the people to consume outstripping their ability to create value. Advertising aims to increase the desire to consume. Which of those statements is false? The general population cares about being able to do what they want to do on their machines. If there's software people really want they they aren't "allowed" to run on their machine by the gatekeepers, they will, as they have countless times in the past, vote with their wallets. >It is patently false to claim that all marketing acts explicitly against the interest of those it advertises to. So it's a good thing no one has claimed that here. I am saying that encouraging consumption does tend to lead to over-consumption. Equilibriums exist in textbooks, but in the real world there's a clear tendency for oscillation in economic markets. If you're pushing one way, yeah, you're a part of the problem when things go over the line in that direction. Advertising is nowhere near neutral in its effects on consumption. Sure, it may have some minor effect that reduces consumption, but taken as a whole that's not what it does at all. Note here this is different from what you're reading into my position. I'm not saying marketing is inherently bad. But I am saying that it does push in a direction, and too far in that direction is bad. One of the better explanations of the Google approach I've read. Google aims to shape the market to their benefit, to create new markets. They think not so much in terms of products as how those products will affect the existing structures. Looking at their eyes, it also seems they're usually watching hands and/or hips. The thing is that blogging in itself encourages more organized thinking about a topic. When you go to write a blog entry, you inevitably find that what was in your head is not nearly as coherent as it needs to be in order to write it down. Writing it down forces you to put your thoughts in more order. Do it enough and your thinking naturally becomes more organized in general. You know, like programming does for you. So blogging in itself does have some value. Tweeting only has the value of forcing you to select what seems most interesting. Which is still of some value. As I'm reading it, they're going to charge 15 cents per megabyte to deliver the app itself to the device. That cost will be deducted from the app price, and the remainder is what will be split 70/30 with developers. They cap over-the-air delivery at 10 meg. Anything over that is downloaded to user's computer, then to kindle via usb. Cumbersome. So you could have up to $1.50 of the app price deducted for delivery fees. Probably not going to settle in on a 99 cent price point... That's simply not the case. The claim got widespread media coverage. Technically, the article is about the politics of the WSJ, and the poster responded with a comment on the author's politics. You can't talk about politics without talking about politics. I think people are dramatically overstating the degree to which the WSJ has increased its political content. There's a slight swing, but I believe people's perceptions are exaggerated because of what they expect from Murdoch. I also think it's rare to talk about economics in a way that's free of political bias. I think most of the time the bias is just subliminal, and people are more likely to notice on WSJ at the moment due to Murdoch. The bigger problem for me with the WSJ is that it seems to include more and more "soft" economic news (lifestyle, human interest, etc) and less "hard" news. I don't have hard data on it, but it feels that way. Could be my own version of Murdoch awareness. I think the current system works fine. People who want to find new stories just have to click the "new" link. Usually 1 upvote is enough for a story less than an hour hold to get a shot. No, it shows that people didn't find any of those stories worthy of upvoting. There's only so much room on the front page. If you featured something new automatically on the front page, then something else falls off. No doubt people would then complain about that. You could make the front page longer, of course, but then I'm sure some set of people would complain about that . I don't think it works like that. From what I've observed, it depends far more on the state of the current front page stories. At night, when most of the stories are older, a single upvote on a New story an hour old can put it on the front page. In the daytime, you usually need that first upvote in 15 minutes or so. But it's not a set time or point scale, it's based on what's currently on the front page, how old those stories are, and how many points they have. The one thing I do agree with is that after a certain timeframe, I do wish even the most popular stories decayed more quickly. Single page link- http://www.slate.com/id/2242081/pagenum/all/ I think Twitter has actually done a poor job of communicating what they are. They got pigeonholed as being about "what I had for lunch" and they haven't totally broken out of that in the mind of the broader public. Their internal documents that leaked to TechCrunch indicated that they have a much clearer and more ambitious vision internally, they really need to get that across to the general public. It feels like there's some internal conflict about their commercialism vs their desire to be hip. That's a hunch, though. Has anyone seen more info on the SDK? Any real info at all? A billion dollars of profit is still a billion dollars of profit. Adjust all ya want. It's a sliding scale of box office gross that goes to the studios. Believe it or not, each film has its own deal, and there isn't really a standard amount. Bigger films can negotiate more for the distributor (studio) and less for the exhibitor (theater). The typical pattern is that the first weekend or two is very heavily slanted towards the distributor (as much as a 85/15 split, though 70/30 is more normal). Then the distributor's share goes down each weekend. The rule of thumb is that over the course of a typical film, the distributor will receive about 55% of box office gross. Foreign deals can differ a fair amount. Each deal is different, and it's hard to say what any one film gets without some insider info. Then there's the cost of the film. There's not been a firm number on Avatar's production costs. High 200s is a good guess, but it's a guess. P&A (prints and advertising) can be a huge cost on something like Avatar, though it had fewer prints than a typical blockbuster. Advertising was certainly substantial, though. I suspect 100 million is actually low. Cameron's share is likely defined to come after some sort of breakeven point, some minimum number the studio beancounters said had to come back to the studio. There's really no standard whatsoever for someone like Cameron though, so who knows. It's also important to remember that a lot of a film's production cost is really just the studio paying itself. Soundstage rental. Grip trucks, costuming, blah blah blah. Money moving from one column to another. Avatar probably didn't qualify for any tax credits, though some films get really amazing deals. Some come close to having half their budgets in transferable tax credits, depending on the state or locale they shoot in. Those tax credits can be sold for cash and can considerably lower the cost to a studio. The traditional hope for an average film has been to break even on box office, profit on the ancillaries - dvd, tv, etc. But with DVD sales dropping, that model will need some adjustment. Avatar, though, is probably pretty close to some definition of profit in theatrical release. And all that billion plus dollars is cash flow. Which is king, as much in Hollywood as it is anywhere else. I thought it might be real until - "Apple tablet games are sick. Basically nintendo wii-level innovation. Custom farmville app is insane. Mark pincus is demoing with steve tmmr" Pretty much zero wow so far. It's a big ipod touch. Yes, so why the attention to the 10 millionth and 1st? It's just more of the same. It's not bad, but it is boring. This event was waaaaaayyyy overhyped. Netbooks cost 50-60% less, so they're pretty safe. Because netbooks are cheaper, have a physical keyboard, and offer much more flexible use cases? Not to mention many, many, many, many more available apps? I wonder how much the decision not to have multitasking was influenced by the desire to have the ipad look fast? What's even better is that in the paragraph immediately before that sentence, he talks about downloading a movie for the kids. That should keep bandwidth usage down. Better yet- even the highest capacity model won't be storing many movies, so it'll be download each time you want to watch them. Point one is misinformed. Netbooks had a great year in 2009, with 2010 expected to be even better. http://news.cnet.com/8301-17938_105-10421063-1.html Just how many ipads does Apples expect to sell? Of course, it's all deficit spending anyway, so no one will have to pay for it! Wait. I don't believe it has GPS, so not so sure about the locational awareness bit. Because people are extrapolating into the future where these sorts of devices dominate the computing landscape. Which isn't at all unreasonable, since that's what Apple is also doing. You know, it's possible that people know what's in their own best interest more than someone else does. If you disagree with me about what's in my best interest, it's far more likely that you're wrong than it is that I'm wrong. Something to think about. Despite what the technocratic classes may think, political "science" and economics are nowhere near medicine in terms of understanding what is best for someone. Economics in particular is terrible at correctly understanding how people place value on their courses of action. Is it really single tab browsing? Ugh. Amazon allows publishers to make their books DRM free now. It's the publisher's choice, so blame them, not Amazon. I love your books, but "rent-seeking intermediaries" is a pretty insulting way to refer to the people that bring your words to me, isn't it? You've written enough economic reality into your work that I know you realize those truck drivers and store clerks are performing necessary work, and the "rent-seeking" is necessary so that those people get paid for their work. And I know you must know this fact too- Ebook prices are going to come down, dramatically. It's going to happen, due to market forces. Publishers are going to have to adapt. There's not going to be a choice. They can lament. They can complain. That's understandable. I would too. It's still going to happen. Whether or not it's fair, or affordable, or even desirable. So what's the plan to deal with that? I've published a work on Kindle DRM free, downloaded it, and copied it to as many devices as I want. Where is the confusion about what DRM-free means? The Kindle book cover would also probably be used for the Amazon thumbnail image, as well as other marketing purposes. Standard template sure, but little things do make a difference, and tweaking is a smart thing to do. There will be room for quality design in e-publishing, just like there is in print. $3000 would be a lot for self- or niche-publishing, but if I were making a mass market attempt, I could see spending that much. It makes a difference. Thanks for the link. I'm sure you and a number of other very smart people are trying to figure out viable paths. I know it's not clear what the right solution looks like, but it is pretty certain that it's going to involve disruption to the current model and discomfort to the current players. f) Amazon believes the consumer will eventually force the prices down and this was their method of bringing public attention to the issue. Thus every author posting on their blog today ultimately helps Amazon. It seems extremely unlikely to me that this action was taken without careful consideration by a number of people at the very top of Amazon's organization. This was not some off the cuff reaction, it had to be carefully planned. Any analysis that assumes it was a silly mistake therefore seems likely to be wildly off base. I remember graduating with my CS degree and having multiple job offers, and my electrical and mechanical engineering friends having the same. And the lone aerospace guy in our circle with no job prospects at all. And he'd probably worked the hardest of all of us. Sad. Why does everyone assume that NASA will turn to the small startup companies? History indicates it's the Lockheeds of the country that NASA will turning to. Robots are not better at exploration, they are just cheaper. Those are different things. If we'd had a human on Mars for the last 5 years, they would have covered many, many, many times as much territory as the robots have, and in far more detail. Yes, it would have been incredibly expensive, but it would have been infinitely better from a science perspective. Which is my point. No. Robots are still very much special purpose, humans are still very much general purpose. Here's a question, and I don't mean this in a snarky way at all. It's a genuine question. With all these smart people, why has the experience of google search not improved substantially over the last 10 years? Sure, there's more little geegaws in search now, but the experience of finding what I want hasn't gotten any easier. The fact that they're #1 just means they're the best of the available options. It doesn't mean the experience is great, just better than what else is out there. Author royalties are usually based on Suggested Retail Price, not the actual retail price. My impression is that Amazon is primarily fighting over the right to set actual retail price, like bookstores all across the country have done for ages. The publishers don't want that to happen because they believe Amazon will set them low enough to affect hardback sales. But actual retail price has no effect on the money most authors make. A discounted book still pays the author a royalty based on full SRP. At least that's how I understand this whole thing. Once in college, I was meeting with my advisor, who was also the department head. He had all my school records, including my test scores. He said something about me qualifying to join Mensa if I wanted, and I said something about not liking Mensa since everyone I'd met who had been in the organization seemed arrogant. It was only later that I realized he must have been in Mensa himself and was recruiting me. Proving I wasn't nearly as smart as my test scores indicated. Would you mind if I followed up with you later on that? I'd like to organize my thoughts on how it could be better for me. I was thinking I could email you at the address in your profile, but when I think about it, it might be more productive to post a Ask HN here once I have a better explanation of what I mean. Then the whole community could participate, which seems like it would be constructive. Good point, and probably symptomatic of a wider problem. Sites with a ton of "good enough" information will outrank sites with a very specific set of "excellent" information. The high ranking of wikipedia and the various answers sites is a similar effect. You know, Macmillan books still aren't available to buy from Amazon. Through Amazon, via third parties, but not actually from Amazon. It's clearly shaped like a cylon basestar. This sort of thing depresses me. The vast majority of people don't understand the SCOTUS decision, or even know what it was really about, or what the basis for the decision was. Furthermore, few seem to understand what the concept of a corporation having some of the legal attributes of a person is about, and how it has almost nothing to do with the SCOTUS decision. And you see the constant misinformation that corporations are legally obligated to follow whatever path leads to the most profit. It's just depressing how little people understand about the society they live in. A constitutional convention would massively disruptive, and would almost certainly lead to things the people who called for it would not want. Here's what puzzles me a bit- if you believe legislation and legislators are up for sale to the highest bidder...then why do believe a constitutional convention would not be the same, with much more serious consequences? I think it's incredibly dangerous to imagine that a con-con would not be the target of truly massive amounts of influence peddling. And you can't limit the scope of a con-con either, so EVERYTHING is up for grabs. Link to a paper on arxiv about the idea. http://arxiv.org/abs/1001.0785 I bet his surname is misspelled more than almost any other celebrity. I see it with the "e" all the time. (My own surname is Ramsey, so it always leaps out at me.) In the end, of course, the consumer will decide. You could probably do a MYST-like. Beyond that, probably not a lot of multimedia. Scrubbed for tonight, so...no. I think he considers it a way to make money. So it's not really 400 projects, it's maybe 20 projects optimized in 20 different ways each. That's a whole different way to look at it. Seemed like a first draft ad to me. Seriously, that was an afternoon of work. It sucks for Google too. The very last thing they want is the commoditization of search. Resisting brand advertising is likely a result of wanting to limit the perception of being a commodity. They'd MUCH rather have the perception that they don't need to compete on brand, that they're technically much better than everyone else. The fact that they're doing lifestyle branding is actually a pretty bad sign. It means they feel Bing represents a real threat. Lucky for Google, Microsoft sucks at advertising. Imagine if they had to compete with someone who was as good at lifestyle branding as Coca-Cola. Bing is definitely faster and more regular on new sites. Seen it time and again. But I don't know if that matters in the end. Certainly not as much as update speed on the major sites, where Google is very good. This will be challenged very quickly, and the White House will have to back down. Bad move all around. I went back and looked, and on my three newest sites, Bing was first by several days. Oddly, Yahoo is my most frequent on those. Not the case with older sites. Maybe it's more random that I would have imagined. When you think about the tiny margins grocery stores survive on (1% is the commonly quoted stat), it's easy to see that they're forced to be well run. Make many mistakes and they're out of business. So they want to duplicate what Facebook does? Great for them, I suppose, but why would I as a user go to it? Any feature they add, FB can add. And FB already has the graph I want. Which assumes people don't move to Facebook email. Migration of my friends to FB email seems far more likely to me than migration of all my social graph to Google Buzz. It would also be trivial for FB to allow response to notifications via external email if they decide to do it. I think people are seriously underestimating the value of Facebook's existing graphs. They've been shaped over a couple of years now to what most people want them to be. The vast majority are not going to leave that behind for a me-too service. How many use those features? So there's an indication of how many will use Buzz. Or will make video ads more practical. Uhm, yay? The cost of leaving facebook is higher than it was for leaving any of those other platforms. People have their social graphs well-established on Facebook now. Not a bad guess at their desired graph, as Buzz provides, but a graph they've shaped themselves over the course of a year or more. Me-too or even evolutionary won't cut it for draining Facebook of its users. It's got to provide signficantly more value immediately upon signing up. So far, it doesn't. That seems like a flaw in Google, to be honest. Surely Facebook.com must be one of the very highest pageranks possible. So it's the preferential treatment Google gives to "news results" that moved this page to the top. But how many people who google "facebook" are looking for anything other than facebook.com? I know that people like us it seems no one would logically go to the site that way, but those of us who watch people use the web know better. So this seems like a case of Google returning results on what it imagines people want rather than what I'm willing to bet the statistics overwhelmingly indicate people want. Interesting. I'll buy that Buzz might create a new niche. Or rather, fill the niche that FriendFeed was aiming at. But that's not the same niche as Twitter, and it's certainly not the same niche as Facebook. Rather than "interests", you might be able to mine common fan pages via FB... I enjoyed this little experiment. See people talking about privacy issues in Buzz threads: https://mail.google.com/mail/?uip=1#buzz/search/privacy This is the sort of thing that was absolutely predictable. Having thought about it some more, Google is in deep and immediate trouble. They need to act swiftly (in days) and decisively to get on top of this before public perception gets out of hand. Simply put, Google can NOT afford to have public opinion turn against their opt-out model. Their whole vision depends on opt-out. But think about what a week or two of stories like this will do. Opt-out will become synonymous with evil. Then how dows Google Book's stance to authors look? How do all their other auto-data collection techniques look? Google depends on opt-out to their very core, down to robots.txt. They can't afford public opinion to turn against that, and it's going to if they don't move fast. I know it was absolutely predictable because c), I predicted it. About 20 minutes into using Buzz. I posted on my Buzz, in fact, that I was waiting to see the resulting mess. So yes, I'm certain that it was. How many commercial fisherman died on the job last year? How many coal miners? Truck drivers? Electricians? The fact that you don't know (neither do I) says a lot about the risks some businesses take in stride. There's a business world outside of offices full of computers, and some of those jobs involve literally deadly risk. And yet those industries still thrive. Except, of course, that people clearly want more. They're literally asking for it. While the requested app isn't something you'd actually make, it's a useful request in that it's a real problem, and people voting it up indicates they want a solution to that problem. The essential trait in a startup founder is the ability to find workable solutions to problems people want solved. This is the public doing their part, now founders have to do theirs. Ha! Go to the page to delete web history and then click the web history faq link. "The page - www.google.com/privacyfaq.html - does not exist. " Too perfect. Just so you know, when you use a pejorative label for those who disagree with you, some of us take you much less seriously. The second video says a real-time system is in development for DARPA. Of course, who knows what that really means. Translation of title - "Babes with curves are hot!!!" Hmmm. That is a headscratcher. The magazines really do depend on the reader information, and Apple really can't share it. If they do, everyone in all the other media will demand it. Fun. Buzz as a product may fail, but they did save Google as a whole from much worse publicity. They took a serious hit as it is, but they did a good job of damage control once they realized it was necessary. Missing the point entirely. Yes, Google worked as it was intended to work. No, how Google is intended to work is not the ideal solution for the problem people are trying to solve when they use Google. It's the wrong solution. That's the point. I am pretty much saying that Google/Search should find what I intend to look for rather than its interpretation of what I type into the search field. Because that's clearly how the general public intends to use Google/Search. The only reason I don't use it that way is that I've learned to adapt to its shortcomings. I'm better than most at finding what I want using Google because I've learned to speak in Googlese, so to speak. How to frame my query in a way that returns what I want. I've adapted to the tool rather than the other way around. Clearly that's a bit much to expect of the masses, who are very often frustrated by Google/Search. I'm not running down the masses here. They want to get things done. We have very basic tools to help them, I'm arguing that our tools should be orders of magnitude more sophisticated. Sure it's hard, and while that response may be satisfying for engineers, that doesn't solve the problem people are trying to solve when they use Google/Search. And honestly, there's just something plain wrong with your algorithm when it returns a news story as a top result for "facebook login". It's a safe bet that is NOT the result 99.999% of the users are looking for when they type that in. And if you're failing your users a very high percentage of the time, the problem simply does not lie with your users. My theory on this is that it's two things- One, every restaurant wants their site to look like every other restaurant site. Which makes a certain kind of sense, even if it's the wrong approach. Two, web developers push this kind of website because it would be hard to justify charging a decent wage for the basic sites that restaurants really need. So they make it all fancy. Bottom line- who here will put anything they care about on Tumblr now? Exactly. It's quite a stretch to call this "actual raw data". It's highly massaged data, always has been, always will be. And there's no guarantee whatsoever that it's massaged in the same way month to month. None at all. Yes, the best thinking yet on the RWW "Facebook login" sort of thing. I've unlinked most of mine. I use a bookmarklet to post most of the things I want to share to google reader, which feeds to buzz. I just have a handful of followers on buzz though, since everyone turned it off in the first few days. So it's not very efficient sharing. But I turned off Twitter feeding into buzz, and into facebook. I use twitter in a pretty bursty way, and the feeds would be annoying on either buzz or fb. And twitter is great for spreading links, but not so good for disucssions on the links. Facebook is ok for discussion of links, but people don't use it that way all that much. Plus I don't friend people I don't know there. And it's hard for things to spread on fb now. Friendfeed was the ideal for me, but it's more or less dead at this point. I suppose the answer is to make a fan or group on facebook and then try to round up followers for it. My goal is to post interesting things and then have a discussion about some of them with interesting people. But the Obama graph shows massive improvement since Bush left office!!!! http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1130898 If they pulled off an innovative discovery engine, yes they could. The market is still wide open for that, the technology is still very primitive. But they won't. They'll make a engine-by-committee that tries to satisfy too many parties, and it'll suck. It's what big clumsy companies do. I'm pretty convinced the Prius dashboard changes the way people drive already. Watch a Prius driver, they just drive differently from the rest. His ideas were not particularly well presented, but they had a real value. His point, as I understood it, was to encourage the people in that room (ie the people who actually design the games we all play) to take the responsibility for making this coming world more than just commercialized crap. He starts that section talking about how much opportunity there is in current points systems, and encourages skilled designers to move in that direction and influence the shape of the field. He doesn't express it as clearly as he might, but I believe that was the goal of his talk. This is one of those ideas that seems obvious the second you see it. And wish you'd come up with yourself. Top actors rarely audition, even for top roles. In a case like that, the process more closely resembles an interview. It's really more meeting to discuss the concepts of the role. Ah, the celebration of our lack of a manned space program! Perhaps robots can show up and drink some oil. I'd been considering using AppEngine for small project, but I'm not sure I can rely on it for even that. There were some issues following a 30 minute maintenance last week (which fell during a USA early evening period as it was) that lasted for several hours, and now this. Or maybe 140 characters of code in the language of your choice... Finally something that looks like an actual scientific stance on the topic. This is a huge improvement over the original statement by itself. What's the site? I have a couple of latin grad student friends that would probably enjoy that. Packing to drive from Los Angeles to San Jose tomorrow. Spending the weekend watching friends' movies at Cinequest film festival. Also meeting with a friend in SJ about a facebook app idea we've been kicking around forever. Depends on the task. There are some tasks any number of lesser programmers won't be able to complete. There are conceptual levels to programming that come into play on certain tasks. Huge numbers of programmers that don't understand those concepts won't be able to solve the problems. Hollywood disagrees. I've always thought good DBAs were the rarest thing in the industry. And the most valuable. Tasteless title, considering the death toll. Alternatively, it's possible that those using other languages just wanted an exercise to learn more about those languages. Yes, it does. I always feel silly adding it in, because of course what I'm saying is my opinion. What else would it be? But I say it when I'm talking to people who need it. I've always thought that the main reason for it is that most people are very easily threatened in their opinions, so without the "I Think", they can feel like they are being attacked. But it could be that most people simply haven't been trained to differentiate fact and opinion on their own, so they need clear markers. At least, I think that's possible. But isn't that an indication that most people are in fact very literal? Isn't it far more indicative of layers of meaning when someone distinguishes between fact and opinion without literal markers? Enterprise bank transaction processing software, late 90s. Communications software as part of the same system. Visual C++ The multithreading was much easier than I had expected based on the way people talk about it. Gorgeous. My first assumption would have been that there was some sort of algorithmic trick behind that, like what you see when you google names of famous people. But that does require a fair amount of sophistication to suspect that. Googling my real name used to turn up a lot of text porn, written by someone using my real name as a pseudonym (I admit, "Rod Ramsey" is tempting for that purpose). I just lived with it, didn't see that it really hurt me in any way. I can see how small, local businesses fall into the trap of all-flash, all-hard-to-actually-use. But what about a high profile, nationally known restaurant like The French Laundry. Why does their site suck so much? http://www.frenchlaundry.com/ But they are a chain, in a sense. Keller is, anyway. And being college teams, their ratings can change drastically over the course of more than a year or two... Ebook sales are pretty revealing when you look at them. There's a lot of women-oriented erotica out there, selling well. Ebooks remove the stigma both of purchasing and being seen with the erotica, so it's an interesting market to watch. We barely know anything about cosmology at all, when you get down to it. Because there are so often things we discover we're fundamentally wrong about. It's really a pretty thin science based on a lot of assumptions and inferences. It's very safe to say most of what we know about cosmology is wrong, and a large portion of it is probably deeply wrong. The very faq you link to uses cautious language. Look at "currently most accepted model" right there in the first question. If you've followed cosmological history at all, it's been a cascading series of big changes decade after decade. I'm virtually certain the model of 2030 will vary in deep, significant ways from the model of 2010. That's the thing, it's mostly all stuff we "might know". And most of the observations are based on a lot of assumptions and inferences. It's not like "how much liquid is in this vial". The measurements and observations depend on a chain of things being true that might not be true. I'm surprised that it apparently fits Apple's vision more than women in bikinis do. Everyone has to keep saying "yes" in perpetuity, or the project has gaps and interruptions and is worth less than was planned. 17 nations with wildly different goals are unlikely to keep saying yes. Writer Paul Theroux has made essentially this trip twice now, decades apart. Chronicled in his books THE GREAT RAILWAY BAZAAR and GHOST TRAIN TO THE EASTERN STAR. Many nations do many things that aren't in their best interest, objectively speaking. It's not like politics or even economics are ruled by rational decision making, you know. A 48 hr trip would have to average just over 100mph. Maybe, if it's got some pretty limited stops. "Please advise" is one of my pet peeves. It's almost always a passive-aggressive code word. The proposed second contest would have contained some demographic info. Hence the concern. I could see something like Facebookbux taking hold. Assuming FB actually launches a payment system, and their effective fees aren't too high. I think one reason FB's payment system has been so long in coming is that they've been thinking through all the implications of being a parallel currency. I'm guessing at that, but it seems likely. Hey, I'd missed that Farmville is accepting FB Credits now. That's pretty big. They hadn't truly launched the credit system in a real sense. It existed, but was so low profile as to be non-existent, which I assumed was intentional. But with Farmville signing on, that's a pretty real launch. The fee structure is still exhorbitant, though. Again, maybe intentional, to prevent it from being a practical parallel currency. Yeah, Huntsville would make a lot of sense, actually. Very highly educated population with good income, but relatively remote from any major city. Los Alamos would make a similar sort of sense. And the best way to deal with that threat is to lose an entire team of experienced engineers? Clearly some new management technique with which I am not familiar. How many is "all"? There's been like 2 in 2 days, right? And the Ebert one came from the other one. This site has a lot of topics that generate 3-4 posts back and forth, then it dies out. No big deal. Fry's has breadboards. A small section, couple of rows in what is otherwise a massive consumer electronics store. I can get most of what I want in my city, but then that's one of the reasons I've chosen to live in a big city. Of course, the main place your argument falls down is that the items you describe are in fact available. Perhaps not in the channel you want, but they're available. So where exactly is capitalism failing you? Swedish schools won't be free for foreign students starting next year. http://www.sweden.gov.se/sb/d/12821/a/140013 "Mouse Kingdom" sounds like a great idea! The scene with the term sheet was my favorite. So revealing. There's a difference between "covered" and "doesn't matter". What I'm not sure about is what, if any, the price difference in premiums will be. Just because they're required to cover you doesn't mean they have to do it cheaply. I do know adults with preexisting conditions will be in some sort of special "temporary pool", whatever that might mean. No clue on the cost. It's a very good question. Of course, if the healthy behave that way, it drives up the premiums for everyone else. I mostly agree with you, and I do think there's a great deal of gaming going on in the numbers. But I also think one reason for having 4 years for the benefits to kick in is to give the private companies implementing those benefits times to adjust. Given that concern, it's probably not nearly enough time. My understanding is that this type of insurance is not an option under this law. There's also the possibility that they believe it's bad legislation. And the the democrats voted for it as a partisan measure. Just throwing that out there. I've never understood why it's only the opposition that can be partisan and not the majority. I did it for a bit in college. Graveyard shift, lone person in an office building. Basically my job was to lower the fire insurance premium by having someone in the building all night. 2-3 times a night I'd walk through the building and make sure it was all still there, the rest of the time I read, did homework, etc. Good thing the highly trained professionals on wall street weren't out of their financial depth, eh? I would like to hear more about this encryption cracking, which would seem to be an impressive feat. Anyone have any background? Which is pretty much what's happening, except it's moving to the other side of the world. And we're just killing people rather than bringing them in. So, there's your Gitmo solution. Or just put it up anywhere, tell people where it is, and it'll be everywhere in a matter of hours. This is the internet, after all. Key quote- "What's so exciting is that virtually any gene can be targeted now," he says. "Every protein now is druggable." Well, there's Ronin. He also does a great deal of uncredited rewriting. So wait...people fight wars over resources? Having dealt with small construction contractors several times, it's not just that they don't show up, it's that half the time they stop showing up in the middle of the job. Just vanish. It's the weirdest thing. Student lending isn't subjective, it's completely taken over. The government was getting plenty in return, an educated populace. That "bureaucracy" was a private industry. Now it's gone. By that logic you could have any industry run by government employees and not call it a takeover. Government airline pilots. Government Facebook employees. No netloss of headcount has nothing to do with it being a takeover or not. It does in fact matter who the employees work for. Thesis- hating a language is a mark of a good but not great developer. Hating the sort of work a language is usually used for is something different, however. Perl is the one exception, of course. All right-thinking humans hate perl. The iPad is not at tool at all, it is a distribution channel. Mortgage brokers didn't lend money to anyone. Banks did. What's random about it? From the chatter, there's a ground force element moving in that direction. The pilots see a group of men gathered in the street, some of them undeniably carrying weapons. They see a man with a long tube crouching around a corner and pointing it down the street. There's a line "Yeah we had a guy shooting", indicating that fire had already come from this group, or at least the pilots thought it had. There's nothing random about it. They may have been wrong, but it wasn't random targeting of people walking around town. The van portion of the incident is more questionable. It sounds like they followed the rules they had, but those rules may not have been proper for this situation. Why is everyone calling these soldiers kids? There's a good chance the pilots at least are older than most of the people reading this forum. Marines don't fly Apaches, the Army does, so Marine age data is completely irrelevant. Helicopter pilots in general trend older than ground grunts, due to training requirements and so on. And many of the Apache pilots in Iraq were/are reservists, so they trend older as well. The first female Apache pilot already had 20 years of service when she was assigned to an Apache. The oldest British Apache pilot is 54. It's not something some kid does right out of highschool. There are no teenagers flying Apaches. I don't know, which is why I said "a good chance", but my estimate would be that the average Apache pilot is in their 30s. In the military investigation, it is revealed that the man crouching around the corner with the camera was taking a picture of US troops 100 meters away. The timestamped photo was found on the camera later. So he's in an area where combat has occurred, crouching around a corner, pointing a long tube at US troops. No press is suspected to be in the area. Other men in his group are undeniably armed with weapons. He's a threat by any reasonable standard. Two RPGs are, in fact, found at the site by ground forces, as is an automatic rifle. There were combatants in this group. The robot is picking up an object with a deformable geometry, analyzing that geometry, and then using that data to manipulate that geometry in a desired fashion. It does this with a series of objects of different sizes, shapes, and colorations. It was presumably not familiar with these particular objects ahead of time. There's a lot going on here, and it's valuable to have done it. I was surprised the domain wasn't cubeofm. Judging by the video, it was Bozo The Clown. That part cracked me up. no doubt the iPad has the same "hardware limitations"? Yeah, it's too bad we had to abandon those lunar bases we built in all those years we didn't fight war. That chart specifically says it excludes social security and other "trust funds". Isn't the headline offer he's talking about, which he goes into at the end, really just a very standard clause in a layoff agreement? Hmm. What I meant to get at is that the clause seemed more likely to relate to the "we didn't discriminate against you in letting you go" thing, which he also mentions. In other words, not only will you not sue us for discriminating against you, you won't go around saying we did either. Bottom line, I think it's much more likely that he's misinterpreted the document than that they're trying to silence him. What are they afraid of, that he'll reveal big consultancies tell clients what they want to hear? That's not really a news flash, is it? Using your own product internally. From "eating your own dogfood." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_one%27s_own_dog_food It seems likely to me that the code of the Facebook of today is probably of a pretty different sort than that initial hacking. The problems are very different. But it's also likely that Mr. Z. has kept up with those changes, on some level at least. While I admire what Carmack is doing on a "that's cool" level, what real results have been produced? He has a device that can lift off the ground, move a couple hundred meters to the side, and land. That's a long way from a space program. The sad thing about Flickr is that it's being killed by Facebook and their massive picture uploading. And the only way that's a superior service is in sharing with friends, it falls way short in every other way. I suppose the sharing aspect is just what consumers have decided to value most. I don't stop reading when I disagree with something, but I have stopped reading when there's something so ridiculously off-base that it throws everything else the author may think about the topic into question. If there's a fundamental misunderstanding of some aspect of a given topic, it makes it likely the rest is not worth reading. I'm not obligated to read anything, and if the author is wrong on basic topics, I'll not be giving them more of my time. It's rare, but it does happen. Yeah, it's hard to imagine that with one of the highest profile firms in the country with one of the top firms in the world representing them facing what could be an existential threat that the partners wouldn't be working weekends. GS has slightly better resources than Crazy Eddies. They do have the best bookstore in the country, as well. Powell's deserves its reputation for depth. I think Foursquare's value is more likely in their relationships with businesses than the user base. As many have said, the userbase isn't that large yet, maybe a million people. But they're right on the verge of kicking in to the awareness of businesses, which is after all where their revenue is. I was at the buffet at the Las Vegas Hilton a couple of weeks ago, and they have the little internal advertising cards on the table. You know, visit our nightclub, see our show, that kind of thing. But one of the items was a "Check in with Foursquare, get rewards" card. That changed my perception of where Foursquare is with things. And what they really are. The casino sees them as another customer loyalty program. If they're providing customer loyalty programs to every business in the world...well. That's a market. And that's where they seem to be making the most inroads, moreso than with users so far. But if the businesses start helping them advertise, ala the casino... Foursquare is on the verge of being MUCH bigger in very short order. That's why the feeding frenzy is happening right NOW. So what this is really all about is this- do you mentally step through your code and consider what could go wrong at each step? My guess would be that most enthusiastic programmers realized they would be interested in the field prior to their first programming course. Apple knew whose phone it was, this story doesn't harm him there at all. It may even help prevent him from being fired or retaliated against, now that his name is public. It could help or hurt with future employers, but I'd guess on balance it helps. Probably won't be trusted with prototypes again, but that was going to be the case either way. Not to defend gizmodo, they seem pretty borderline in the whole thing. This seems like a very natural tie-in with your facebook friends. One of the few times fb connect makes sense! Interesting to see Facebook has reached that stage in every big tech company's lifecycle where they waste a lot of resources on Things That Obviously Won't Work. How about posting on the guy's facebook page "Hey I got ur phone." Well, there goes that valuation. I doubt Gizmodo would go quietly, though, and there could be some reflected scrutiny thrown back at Apple. There's those tickets that were claimed to have been opened in an attempt to return the phone, for example... My current naming theme is Song Of Ice And Fire characters. The netbook I'm writing this in is named Tyrion, for example. Looks like the NYT has some work to do. But the site itself is inevitable and cool at the same time. Everyone says they aren't influenced by advertising. The fun part of that conversation comes when you point out that they're wearing Nikes. Same streetcar journey, 2005. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vqcz_tllnwM I'm really glad someone did the 100 year anniversary version. 2105 will be all nanorobots or something. They seem the best of the Twitter influence measuring services. They've clearly put thought into what actually matters. Glad to see them moving ahead. Ah, the eternal question of philosophy, rephrased. If everyone at a large company think and act as if they are a startup, are they a startup? Pointless change for the sake of change is what causes me to react negatively. Yeah, cause the Eurozone is working out so well. I think this is the true business model for Foursquare in the end. Everything else is just the groundwork for it. Exactly. When the evidence clashes with your theory, your theory is wrong. If people who have actually produced vital code aren't passing your interview test, your interview test is poorly conceived. Here's an idea Mr. Cuban might like- a 99% tax on people who sell their companies, retroactive. It's easy to suggest taxes that don't affect you personally. They never really found the way to make Friends work. It was always cumbersome. I suspect what's really happened here is that whatever internal group was responsible for Friends as decided to hide their failure to make it work behind a screen of "no one wants it". Inventory costs aren't the factor here. The cost of making films available isn't going to change a lot with streaming. The physical cost of a DVD is very low, it's the content that costs, and streaming vs physical isn't going to dent that. Now, Netflix's delivery costs are something else. Obviously that's a much bigger factor in the dvd vs streaming debate. Whereas I might now and then decide to share my location via services like Foursquare, I will NEVER share it on Facebook. I just can't trust them. They've proven it over and over. So I have to be extremely selective with what I share there, and outright lie in some cases. It's a dysfunctional relationship, and it won't last. They're in for crash. Silicon Valley needs to get out of its bubble, then. This sort of talk is spreading in places you wouldn't expect. I've seen it in totally non-technical communities all over the internet. Well done short documentary on the promise and problems of the semantic web. A lot of familiar names interviewed on the topic. Berners-Lee, Shirky, etc. I think the comment quality is quite high here given that it's such a dynamic site. I'm hard pressed to think of another site with such story traffic that matches the comment quality. It seems the solution to that isn't really technological, it's the community peer pressure the site creates. It's cultural, in terms of the culture of the site. A current Cray- Release the Kraken! http://www.nics.tennessee.edu/computing-resources/kraken This blog entry is the Perfect Dilemma for the HN crowd. Google would rank infinitely higher on the "is a utility" scale. It's good to be reminded that Jobs really does think he's doing the right thing. He's wrong, but he does seem to genuinely believe it. You're going about it differently than I did (haven't gotten around to leiningen yet), but I found the top google results for linking emacs to clojure were woefully out of date. I'm a newbie to both emacs and clojure, so I couldn't figure out what I needed to do to correct for the old info. I gave up on that route and installed elpa on emacs, which I then used to install slime, swank, and clojure. Works great! While not relevant to this particular problem, "Detection of Neutron Sources in Cargo Containers" is an interesting title... "Not surprisingly, Facebook appears to have gone farther than the other sites when it comes to sharing data." This isn't really the expectation you want your users to have. Interesting to note that Google comes up in this though. This is leading to regulation. Hard and swift. "We've emailed both writers to ask for clarification in the event that they are in fact referring to something else, but haven't heard back from them yet. " And, as the updates show, they were indeed referring to something else. Rushed article to cash in on hype. Those flyers are the biggest negative indicator I've seen for their success. Only the "You Own You" is any good, the rest of them show a serious lack of understanding in how to approach the wider markets. Hide the technical stuff or fail miserably. The leak is at about 5,000 feet. The deepest a human can go is about 2000. I wonder how many books they sold for smaller languages people are curious about. Haskell, R, Erlang, etc. I certainly wouldn't be visiting this site if not for coming across his books in my childhood. I use flagging as downvoting on posts I see as off-topic. It's the tool I have... What's weird is that it would be pretty easy for FB to make it easier to keep your stuff in the circles you'd like to keep it in. They have deliberately chosen not to do so, and I don't really understand why. There's no advantage to them in making it hard, and significant risk. All that's needed to bring them total disaster is one good nationally publicized horror story. The groundwork for that story is being laid now. I just don't the the upside of their choices. They could get away with selling anonymized data to advertisers. They could get away with letting marketers target you as long as they didn't sell your identity along with it. That's all stuff people will tolerate. But why make your information public by default? What's the real gain there? I see a reason they might think it's of use if they think really shallowly, but sure they've put more than 10 seconds of thought into their core business. FB can't go public while they maintain this approach. The investors would raise havoc over the risk it poses to the company. And rightfully so. One good sensationalized story. That's all it takes at this point. It is a good lesson to learn that the board largely picked the books their professors told them to like in college. There's all sorts of private content available to approved people via the internet that's not available to the public. Entire organizations use it as such. The idea that everything on the internet must be public simply ignores reality and is shallow thinking. While not likely to happen, a dual-boot system would be ideal. Surprisingly stylish site given the game itself. Wild guess would be they were using price limits to categorize. In other words, using "under $50" for various product or promotional listings. It's hard to imagine how that would end up repricing items though. Without a total blanking out moment in the programmer's head, anyway, which I'm sure we've all been guilty of. I bought 3, only 1 (Beautiful Code) was available immediately. Still the only one. And to sit in a chair that shipped across oceans, made of materials that were shipped across oceans so that you can type on a device that shipped across oceans, made of materials that were shipped across oceans. While eating food that shipped across continents if not oceans, inside a house made of materials that were shipped across continents, if not oceans. Just sayin'. "BP PLC, Europe's second-largest oil company, said Tuesday that first-quarter profit more than doubled from a year earlier to $6.1 billion " http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/04/27/business/main64360... Yeah, it's a good question. If it's going to cost say 5 months profits, that sucks, but it's hardly the end of the company. Does that estimate include lawsuits? I changed everything to blatant lies, decreasing the value of the service. It would indeed mean more iphone/ipad developers, which ultimately means more of those devices sold, which is their current focus by all accounts. The increase would almost certainly outweigh the minimal drop in Macs sold... It almost makes sense, as all good rumors almost do. No doubt followed by 6 minutes of rms promoting the ipad. Checking the shipping time calculator at searates.com it looks like a typical shipping time from Newark to New Orleans would be 6 days. I assume some time could be knocked off that if you were traveling at emergency speed and paying extra for whatever other obstacles arise. Call it 3-4 days from east coast ports to gulf waters. West coast ports would presumably take longer. Transit time alone is not a factor to dismiss. It's not too hard to see how time adds up, really. And of course the hexagon atop Saturn. http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2009/12/saturn-hexagon/ Excellent. So let's talk about regulating all these dot com companies... I see. It's all those other people that need to be regulated. Got it. I see nothing here that explains why dot coms should not be regulated. There's no shifting here. It's the same topic. The original subject was that large corporations can't be trusted to regulate themselves. But of course that's exactly what we're doing with the large dot coms. They're minimally regulated, certainly in comparison with the oil industry, which is in fact highly regulated. Why do we trust large dot coms to regulate themselves? Because we think their leadership is somehow more trustworthy? Are they just naturally better people? On what basis do we make that judgement? If Apple or Amazon or Facebook or Microsoft or Google had malicious, greedy, or incompetent leadership do you not believe they could cause massive harm? Sure, it wouldn't make ugly pictures on tv (or would it? I can imagine ways in which it could), but that doesn't mean the potential damage is any less real. Why do we trust them to regulate themselves? If you trust present leadership, what about the next generation, those that are just MBAs from the same schools that turned out the leadership of BP, Shell, and Exxon? So, again, why do we think they shouldn't be regulated? I think Office can last a long, long time. The buy-in from business is huge. I don't think most businesses are going to trust the cloud. Maybe they should, but what they're doing now with Office works well enough, so they'll likely stay with it for quite a while. There's still a lot of mainframe stuff out there in cobol, after all. And a crazy amount of DOS. Business moves sloooooow. Simply apply the accusations against BP to the realms in which these companies operate. There's a lot more than privacy at stake here. The theory is that BP cut technical and engineering corners for the sake of saving time, aka profit. All of these companies could do the same, to great potential public harm. Say Windows ships with a flaw that causes all machines to shut down at noon on a certain day. Or Apple ships an entire generation of phone that puts out a high level of radiation in certain circumstances. And so on. Amazon sells computing instances. Google has fingers in nearly every pie out there. These companies can cause significant worldwide harm, financial and in some cases physical. What if they cut corners to meet goals and endanger people as a result. Do you really believe this will never happen? It's almost in the definition of a dot-com, large and small, that the impact of any particular action they take is greater than the cost of that action to the company. That's why tech startups are so appealing. But if you have such leveraged benefits, you also have such leveraged risk. The same leverage that lets a small team create great value also puts them in a position where they can cause great harm. I used large dot coms because there was some insistence in the thread that regulation was only worth talking about with large companies. A red herring, of course, since the mom and pop corner dry cleaner is a regulated business, and for the common good. Size isn't really an issue. The difference is that it's almost a tautology that dot coms have influence, good and bad, far out of proportion to their size... This looks quite tasty. Funny, there's dozens of aircraft aloft over my city of Los Angeles at any given moment, and it's far smaller than this spill. Crowded airspace is not the issue. Science is so boring. OS XI ain't done til Android won't run. :-) That was my first thought, that ye olden days of windows and/or dos programming were much worse. But the market was also much bigger. And software sold for higher prices. Android market is too small and prices too low for the platform to be so fragmented. Not very hard to imagine how that might be exploited in some undesirable ways. They see him sweating and are trying to help him out. The odds are he was baking under those lights. Though he also looks quite nervous. Previous discussion from the founder of SproutRobot here: http://apps.ycombinator.com/item?id=1336406 I just grabbed it off google, didn't notice really. Nothing like a discussion about fundamentalist Christians for HN, eh? This question keeps coming up, and several sites have tried to fill the void, but none seem to gain a lot of traction. So I'd say the main question is - why not? It feels like the demand is there, so why do these sites not work? What could they be doing better? I'm actually more of a filmmaker than I am a startup guy, but I can see lots of overlaps. Each film project essentially is a startup. Most are the results of special purpose, one-off companies. You might work with a lot of the same people, but the situations are always fluid. You're creating something from scratch, most of the time, building up something from nothing. I've made dozens of short films, most via a loose collective of filmmakers, mostly for festival screenings and for the learning experiences. Some with a slightly more formal organization, intended to make money via short film distribution networks online and on cell phones. Which we did, by keeping our production costs very , very low. Some lessons learned there about cofounder selection and clear responsibilities. Working now with some established producers on securing funding for a indie sci fi feature film. The whole funding cycle is a long, drawn out process, like it is in most businesses. A real roller coaster of emotion, like a startup. In the end, like a startup, the funding is as dependent on establishing belief in the people involved as it is in the idea itself. If not moreso. And of course it's all spare-time after-the-day-job stuff, like a lot of startups. It's fun, though, and I wouldn't trade the ride for anything else. Blow it all on Penn & Teller. Whatever else it does, the site makes me immediately start thinking of prolog projects (not that I'll actually pursue them). It's vaguely possible that some email name schemes could reveal something of an organizational structure that could be of some sort of value to someone. You'd be able to get multiple addresses from the same org, most likely. But that would indicate security flaws with the naming scheme as much as anything else. Harlan Ellison, who has a large book collection his own, on several occasions has said "What's the point of owning a library full of books you've read?" The public gallery has a pic credited to Peter Norvig. Kids today, man. Hmm. Now see, here is where a list of ipad user's email addresses might be useful. This, as much as anything else. I spent a few years managing a bar that grossed that much. It's not a lot of money for a business. Calling this the worst thing that could have possibly happened to Afghanistan indicates both a lack of historical knowledge and imagination. It's really too bad there are no counter examples. Oh, wait. What's amusing is not only knowing the words, but being able to make a good guess about their most frequent contexts. I bet "Comity" is almost always used in a story about the U.S. Senate, for example. Compare inhabited land area of the two nations. Now, about those transportation costs... This is by definition not a Maserati Problem. I'm waay past 25, but I can't see subscribing to a print paper any more. I had a WSJ subscription at one point in my life, could almost see doing that again, but it doesn't seem to have the value it once had. I live in LA, I buy the LA Times sometimes, and I think it's a good paper that's gotten better by focusing more on local news than national or world stories. I don't want a subscription just because of the hassle of the dealing with it physically every day. I've had a subscription to The Economist running for years, and it is very much worth having for physical perusing. I have subscribed to Nature on and off over the years, and would consider it again. I have an electronic subscription to Variety, the Hollywood trade daily. I would go physical if I had an office to deliver it to. Internal Server Error In various papers I had to write in college, I'd tend to base them on space probes whenever possible. A great excuse to read journal articles about the Lunar Prospector mission and so on. Why is it shallow? It's a facade he has deliberately chosen to present to the world. That choice implies things, and he's either aware of that fact or utterly clueless. Note that I'm not saying anything about what conclusion I draw from that fact, just that it's a fact. He who first resorts to pointing out logical fallacies has lost the debate. What's good about C++ is that I know it well, so it's comfortable for me. Why someone just coming to it now would like it, I couldn't tell you. I will say that when I came to Python I felt much lighter and faster as programmer. You forget how it can be. And starting into Clojure recently just feels more "right". I avoided Lispiness for a long, long time, but Clojure seems to hit the proper balance for me. Luanda has been notably expensive for a long time, for western lifestyles anyway. I think the main issue there is that the western contingent is small and very corporate. I think it's a good reminder that there are some things you believe that are not true. Some things I believe, some things you believe. No matter how informed or educated or logical we believe ourselves to be. It's something to keep in mind. What is that app named? I want it! Hey, at least he has his pride, right? I was explaining Foursquare to my non-techie but multiple-restaurant-owning brother last week. The location based check in and social aspects made him think it was neat, maybe something he'd try. When I explained mayorships and how 4SQ is really a universal customer loyalty rewards system, he got excited. Isn't the chat subsystem in Erlang? ..and yet you aren't attracting the people you want. Hmmmm. "Currently, AmazonTote is available in the 98112 ZIP code." As much as I love the idea of a button labeled "More Obscure", and I do love it, it doesn't really have the function that name implies. The US has a large number of distinct accents. I'm originally from Georgia (Atlanta, not Tbilisi) and there are at least 5-6 accents in that state alone. I'm willing to bet a trained specialist could narrow down someone's origin pretty closely. The idea of a "southern" accent is very, very broad. The thing with US accents is that we're a very mobile country. People move around and lose much of their accent. I lost a lot of my own living in Atlanta, which is over half non-Georgian, and then a lot more living in California the last decade or so. It's there, but only in traces. A lot of Americans are the same... I can say that without question the Marines changed my brother for the better. Much, much better. From lost and aimless to driven and motivated. Southern California definitely has an accent. I live here and I can hear the natives. I think the fact that Socal has become the defacto American accent via TV may be distracting you. Since it's clearly public domain, why not just release the whole thing online? It's good to know that companies worth billions never make mistakes that drive that value down. Certainly never down to nothing. Of course a bay area city state would vote to spend no money on the military industrial complex, and then an orange county city state would invade and conquer them. Any Learn To Be A Programmer text that has "Learn to debug" as step one has me won over from the start. This is fine, as long as you take the next step and also don't vote. If you choose not to be informed, it's really irresponsible to inflict your opinion on others via the voting booth. CSM tends to have a much more thorough perspective than the big news sources. I'm not sure how that came to be the case, but I do appreciate them for it. Then you are morally obligated to be informed. Where does he get his local news and regional news? Does he not vote for those offices? The fact that a related movie is coming out no doubt plays a role in the timing. I think Wave's biggest obstacle was a clunky, slow interface. The concepts are quality, it just needs a real UI. Mobile phones, maybe, but pocket computers? I'm not so sure they're inherently social. Not completely so, anyway. They have a lot of utility beyond communication, and that may dilute their socialness to the point that it's no longer central. Living in Socal for the last decade, I'd have to say it's the top area for living above your means. One phrase I've heard several times here is "car rich, house poor", for example. Having said that, there are an extraordinary number of genuinely wealthy people in Socal. It's odd at times. "But seriously, what I'd like is to find out from people who actually know, if there's a financial level at which life changes qualitatively. E.g. is there a level at which it makes sense to stop working and spend your time managing your charitable foundation and hanging out at TED and Davos?" Not that I know from personal experience, but my best guess on that level of wealth would be 100s of millions. That's a different level of existence. I know plenty of people with millions, they seem more or less ordinary, though their leisure activities exceed the norm. The couple of people in the 10s of millions range that I'm somewhat acquainted with have very nice living environments (think estates), but don't have foundations. The one person I know with foundation/ted/davos is in a family with the 9 figure range. Don't really know silicon valley folks, though. I got laid off in the dot com crash with a 10^5 dollars in 2001 (I know, I got lucky. Company out of money, but acquired by a bigcorp. Laid off the least senior folk with nice package). It let me move across the country and not work for a couple years. Which was nice, and really it's ultimately been life changing what with a new environment, but it wasn't transformational or anything. Many of my FB friends are writers, this thing has spread like wildfire through them today. But the thing is it's a flash in the pan effect. It'll do huge for a very short period of time with no revisits. If you monetize, do it RIGHT NOW. Tomorrow is too late. Almost literally. I'm only half a Google fan, I think they do a lot wrong, but keeping their search algorithm a secret isn't one of those things. If people really didn't trust Google, they'd go elsewhere. There's an agenda at work here, very obviously. "You scored NaN / 30" Well, I wouldn't hire whoever made the mensa website test, that's for sure. That movie always makes me feel so dumb. I missed out on a grand era of printing money for anyone and everyone who just asked. "You know what the fellow said – in Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, they had five hundred years of democracy and peace – and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock." - Orson Welles in The Third Man When they added the 4th level, I explicitly thought to myself "Oh, this is an effort by the filmmaker to pull us out of logical thought by making it too much to organize in our heads in real time." Somewhat related, though the exhibits aren't as nice- The National Cryptologic Museum in Maryland. If nothing else, it's an excuse to venture on to the grounds at Ft. Meade. When I visited a number of years back, there was a guy selling cell phones on a little folding table outside the front door. Which seemed...odd...for any number of reasons, given the location. http://www.nsa.gov/about/cryptologic_heritage/museum/ Just ask RTM. Which of these sites has the best support for data portability? And later today we'll be back to complaining that the general populace doesn't understand science. We'll blame that on their retrogressive attitudes, of course. Your estimate was close-ish, according to the CDC. 2.1 million marriages for the 12 months ending 12/08. http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/divorce.htm And the C-130 since 1956, in pretty much continuous production the whole time as well. Grew up about 5 miles from the plant in Marietta Ga. I dunno. There are enough references to other films, blatant and subtle, that it makes me wonder. I think the ending is several things at once, which is why I like it. One, it's a red herring as you say, though I'd put a slightly different spin on it. Cobb has chosen his reality, he's had his catharsis and made a very intentional decision to let Mal go. That's true regardless of if the ending is a dream or not. Two, it's an intentional denial of catharsis for the audience. It's a setup without a payoff, tension without release. Here's the interesting part about that- the audiences I've seen it with provide their own physical catharsis, their own reality-based relief of tension, by laughter or by applause. These physical reactions both release the real physical tension that has built in their bodies and also returns them to the real world, outside of the filmic dream. Three, it captures the feeling of a certain kind of dream. How many times have you dreamed of almost having the answer, of almost knowing something you want to know...and then abruptly waking up? Yes, exactly. It's the best ending shot to a movie in quite a long while. This is the best answer. I also think things like NASA datasets, other govt agency datasets, etc, should be placed on torrents for anyone who wants to make a copy. Let the self-replicating nature of the internet serve as the backup backup plan. If you put those Apollo datasets online, it's a guaranteed certainty that some hacker somewhere will have them in 50 years. I interviewed at a small dot com where the owner told me essentially the same thing after not hiring me based on salary requirements. I take satisfaction in noting that three years later his company's site is essentially still where it was then, with none of his plans actually implemented. Guess those cheaper programmers didn't work out so well. Today. I dunno, no one made them set out the promises they chose to make, that was their own decision. Still, I suspect that Kickstarter will suffer more than the Diaspora guys if Diaspora fails. I'm wondering how long it will be until the "e" in ebook seems anachronistic. You need to differentiate between email and physical mail, because physical mail is still in common use. That will not be the case for physical books at some point in the not-too-distant future. So ebook will not last as a term, there will be no need for it. You had a subsidized education. The cost of the education was not $700 a quarter, that was just the share of it that you paid. Wait, has Cerf said something on the Google/Verizon thing? Thanks, I'd missed that somehow. It is disappointing. "Fizz" and "Buzz" are both in there. Just an observation. I thought "Oh, so it's like Twitter." This is called "being co-opted by the system". It's not evil in itself, but you no longer get to pretend to be idealistic once you've done it. Cheaper fares are not the only factor in selecting a flight. This sort of layout makes it easier to make an informed choice along several other axes as well. It's a better presentation of information that allows easier decision making. Your scenarios also raise the possibility that judgement-inhibiting substances such as alcohol may have been involved in his decision making at the time. I remember the first time I met an Australian taking a year to wander around the earth. That was a bit of an eye-opener. It wasn't the last one of them I met, though. There seem to be a lot of them. Depends on the definition of "Earth-like", really. Mars is Earth-like in some astronomical contexts. There's plenty of good cheap places to eat in LA too, especially if you broaden your horizons a bit. The range of cuisines here is quite extensive. I devote a fair amount of time to indulging my idle curiosities in gbooks, and it takes a lot of work and more than a little luck to find anything useful. It's a total mess. Great resource, but nowhere near what it should be. I'm glad someone is drawing attention to the irresponsible sloppiness. I find the rural places more interesting. I live in a megacity, it's nice to see some countryside. I live and work in Hollywood, and the conventional wisdom here is that "overnight success" takes 8-10 years. Am I the only one who thinks this indicates a serious flaw in hiring processes more than anything else? I say Sequel Server, but S-Q-L in all other instances. I hear Lenux more often than Leenux, though I have to say my preference is Leenux, given that his name is Leenus. I said Lie-nux for the first 5 years or so that it was around, based on the way I read his name as an American. I could be ok with Lie-nux or Leenux, but I've never agreed with Lenux. My high school in the suburban south in the 1980s, people had gunracks in their trucks, often with guns on them. They couldn't come inside the building, but the guns in trucks were considered culturally untouchable at the time. I was recently typing in some phrases from a 19th century book in French (which I'd found on Google Books), and it was interesting to watch the translation morph as I typed and provided more context. It wasn't perfect translation in the end, but I was still pretty impressed. Most of the responses here are perfect indications of why technical people have problems communicating with the rest of the world. 6502 Assembler. If nothing else, it confirms Arrington's characterization of the purpose of the meeting. It made me happy to see that someone who must have typed the word 50 jillion times in his life can still get it wrong. It's a weird word. Which is just what I'm doing with it, so I brought it up here! I've had the urge to homebrew an 8-bit computer from the chip up, but I don't know if I have it in me to go that deep just yet, so I'm testing the waters by homebrewing some 2600 ware first. If I like it, maybe I'll build a hardware emulator somehow (Typing that I thought of half a dozen obstacles, but hey, why not?). I voted you up, even though I don't know that I agree with your coming predictions. But I've been thinking about a similar topic tonight, as I read columnists and reporters talking about how complex financial instruments are these days and how no one really understands them. Because the basics of them aren't all that complicated. CDOs, CDSs. ETFs, whatever. None of them are particularly complex concepts. Anyone with a CS degree has mastered concepts many times more complex. I accept that the details get tricky, but the details of lots of things get tricky, and a lot of people make solid livings being responsible in managing tricky concepts. None of these financial instruments are magic. I'm a curious layman, I get the gist of all of it. And then there's people who claim their variable rate mortgage was too complicated to understand. Come now. So I was thinking that it's really just in everyone's interest to pretend this stuff is hard to understand, that it's complicated, that it's magic. Because then no one is responsible. And then, as the saying goes, was I enlightened. The housing bubble was easy to see. Everyone saw it. Many, perhaps most, ignored it. Because they wanted to. It let them gamble and not be responsible. From Joe Homebuyer to James J. Investmentbanker IV. Some things are complicated, sovereign bonds and currencies among them. There are many reasons that nearly all the powers that exist want to keep that music going, and they have many tools at their disposal. I honestly don't know what will happen there, which is why I'm not sure I agree with your predictions in those areas. There's real magic at work there, and it's one of the few areas where make-believe becomes reality. The US has a very strong hold on centrality in the global economy, and I can't see how it's cleanly broken without severely damaging anyone who has the power to break it. That's the magic part. Bytes matter. If you put more bytes in a program it's going to do more than a program with fewer bytes. It's that simple. My parents bought an existing bar back in 1993, held it for 3 years and sold it in 1996. I managed it for them while completing my CS degree. Licensing is a complex topic that varies considerably by location. By state, and then by county or municipality. Overhead can be relatively low, depending on what you have in mind. You need some basic infrastructure- ice machine, coolers, CO2 systems, etc. Insurance is a bit different for a bar than other businesses, obviously, but not too bad. Inventory is a low cost compared to your cash flow, as is labor since pretty much everyone will be minimum wage plus tips. Maintenance isn't too bad. Basically a well-run bar is a license to print money. You sell drinks for several multiples of your cost of goods. Most bars I knew of that had trouble had it due to owners that didn't know what they were doing, at all, in terms of business, or more commonly had a drinking/substance problem. 1- Our revenue was a little more spread out than that. We did certain promotions that boosted us on otherwise off night- Wednesday was about 80% of Friday, and Sunday was our biggest night of the week. It just took a little planning. 2- Yes, which is why I made a good manager, being blood related to the owners. And the employees were watched carefully. 3- I can't recall hearing of a bar losing it all in liability unless they were extremely irresponsible. Same reason they bought it, an opportunity too good to pass up presented itself. They bought the bar because the previous owner got himself into trouble with the IRS and had to raise cash in a matter of weeks. So they got a deal. They sold when a well-heeled regular customer of the bar offered them considerably more than anyone else would have. Besides, I was about to graduate college and they would have had to have been more hands-on then. They also had used the contacts they made in the bar industry to set up a network of ATMs that generated a good deal of cash floow with very little work. They make good money from that network to this day. I did leave out rent. In our case it was a fairly big number, but we had a fairly large, rambling building. But it was still small compared to our cash flow. I'd also say that bars are far, far less location-sensitive than retail. You can get away with a bar being a little off the beaten path, and if you're smart, you make that part of the appeal. That works well with a semi-vice industry... I do want to add this- We tried to open a nightclub a couple years into owning the bar, and we failed miserably. A nightclub is a whole different beast from a bar. I think the three main reasons we failed were 1- We spent too little money on it. There are clubs, notably the really underground dance clubs, that can get away with being a dark room with a good sound/light system and nothing else. Pretty much any other kind fo club needs to spend a fair amount on decor. 2- The space was too small. Related to the above. Again, maybe an underground club gets away with small spaces, but most need a large space with lots of nooks and crannies. 3- We had no clue how to market a nightclub. A bar needs to feel like it's apart from the world, a sort of refuge in a way, but a club needs to have some sort of aura in addition to that. That's a complicated thing to build up, and we didn't know how and we didn't put in the effort to learn. An opportunity came up near the end of the bar run to buy what had been one of the mega-nightclubs in town in the 70s-80s. It had gone through several failed iterations in the decade since, and was going for a relatively cheap price. The deal never solidified, and in the end it's probably a good thing it didn't. Someone could have revived the mystique, I think, but it couldn't have been us. Wednesday and Sunday we had live acts, essentially house bands who built a following just by being a routine as much as anything else. Common tactic, and it works. Wed. night we paid them about $100 each and Sun. about $150 each. We made many times that in additional revenue. Friday and Saturday nights we had a live DJ for a few hours a night for atmosphere, but I honestly don't think it mattered much one way or the other. People would have showed up anyway. We tried boosting Mon/Tues night, but nothing made any difference at all on Monday, and the difference on Tuesday didn't cover the costs. We pretty much considered Monday the paying-your-dues night, and had fun amongst ourselves and the handful of regulars and closed at midnight (vs about 2 am on other nights). One thing about the non-fri/sat nights, there's a definite trend of "them that's gots, gets" in the bar scenes on those nights. People go where people are, so it's not a linear function on those nights, it's discontinuous. Once you have a crowd, you get a crowd. Weekends are different, there's crowds everywhere. Yeah, there was. I remember acting outraged and complaining loudly to them about it, then paying what was really a tiny fee anyway. So here's the obvious way for someone to beat Facebook. If only it were possible to increase the speed of spacecraft somehow. Two words- Minkowski Compensators. This is not a "review" so much as it is Lessig explaining why the internet is different, and why it is important, and why it matters to you. Especially to you, reader of Hacker News. Reading this review has further improved my opinion of Lawrence Lessig. I am amused that Zuckerberg's profile page lists The West Wing as one of the two TV shows he likes. Ender's Game is the only book, which isn't too surprising. Amtrak goes to San Jose, but the timing from LA is inconvenient... This all leaves out that the idea of ConnectU was no more Facebook than cricket is baseball. They are different things. Very different. She's talking about the end of a particular wave, which is fine. There will be new waves. It's a little tricky, since it would be hard to duplicate the feat of making this film on a $15,000 budget. But I do think this film will be a landmark in the on-going story on the de-centralization of power in the film industry. Enough that they're telling people they're going to hit $2 Billion in revenue this year. http://techcrunch.com/2010/09/01/facebook-will-hit-2-billion... If you program the way I do, it's certainly an experimental science! The Techcrunch notes are hard to decipher, being taken real time and all. But it sounds like they're doing something very interesting. Like they want to be the source of all social interactions on the web without having monolithic control. Which, as Zuckerberg seems to be saying, is a difficult task to balance indeed. Any software designer who thinks the product will be used as designed must be a newbie. :-) This is shallow thinking. Facebook and the various other social apps do in fact address serious societal problems and needs. There's been a trend for several decades of people in modern society growing further apart. It's been lamented at great length in numerous studies and publications. It's a natural consequence of the other choices our societies are making, becoming more mobile in both work and home. People move more than they did, they change jobs more than they did, and thus they change social circles more than they did. Social Networks compensate for all that. They do in fact bring people closer together than they would be otherwise. Certainly much of the interaction appears superficial, but if you think that indicates it's meaningless, that's because you don't understand social interaction. Even casual, seemingly superficial interactions bring us closer. They help us define our communities. On Facebook I'm friends with people I haven't seen in 20+ years. Yes, most of our interactions seem superficial. But they aren't just that, they're tying us all closer to where we came from. And sometime it's more than that. That friend of yours from high school struggling with cancer? It means something to them that 50 people post well wishes weekly. It helps them. It's meaningful. I lost track of many people in my life, without really meaning to. It's just how things work. Facebook et al help me correct that. They keep me in touch. Sure I have my "real-life" friends, but it's also nice to have the extended group. I lost track of these people. My 13 year old niece will never lose track of someone unless she wants to. Think about that. Tell me that's not transformative. Shallow thinking. The most charitable reading I can give it still has it missing the point and not understanding what it is that's being built up with all these companies. Facebook, as I've said, restores and maintains social connections. This is absolutely not a minor thing, it's life-altering. Perhaps it's too early on in the process to understand that, but 10 or 20 years from now, everyone will get it when they look at who has been around and what they've shared as experiences. Twitter is the global hive-mind. It tracks what everyone in the world is thinking about, or at least it or its successor will when extends its reach that far. Yes, most of that is shallow, because most of what most of us think about is shallow. Duh. That's sort of by definition if you think that through for five minutes. If we were all deeper, then the norm would be redefined and we'd all seem shallow again. Twitter succeeds at capturing the hive-mind specifically because it is so short. Your immediate thoughts are immediate, they're bite sized. The format matches the format of your thinking. There's value in knowing what people are thinking, though of course that value will be applied in different ways. Foursquare is a few things. One, it's designed as a universal customer loyalty system on its primary level. I suppose if you think commerce is of necessity shallow, you can dismiss this as meaningless. Of course, it does give the small niche businesses a tool to level the playing field, but even that's probably not enough for some. But what about this- it's also restoring a sense of place to urban and suburban environments. There's a trackable history of who was where and when. It's not as disjointed as it was, there's a throughline. "Oh", you might say, "Bob goes to the same coffee shop I do, but three hours later". Now you're closer to Bob, and the coffee shop has more history for you. Yeah, ok, none of this is curing cancer, but it does matter, it does make a difference, and it does improve people's lives. You can tell me it's meaningless, but you're wrong. Obligatory link to the "definitive COMBAT disassembly" over on AtariAge. http://www.atariage.com/2600/archives/combat_asm/index.html Huh. If Google paid me to sit at home, I'd have a lot more free time than if my car drove itself. Foursquare agrees with you. Can we please stop bringing police, fire, roads, and schools into every single discussion on taxes? We all know that's not all governments spend money on. We all know there's a good deal that could be cut before these basic services are cut. We know that, so why do we insist on pretending otherwise? Two Plus Two forums are not a bad place. http://forumserver.twoplustwo.com/ Why not say Mars? One thing I'd mention is that your price of $25 might well be several times too low. Businesses, even small business, will pay a lot more monthly if you're providing actual value. There are some things that literally change how you perceive the world. Learning about fractal geometry is one of those things. Farewell, sir! I keep putting off doing anything on android because of java. I don't know java, and I don't really want to learn it. I suppose I will give in eventually, for android, but it will be grudgingly. Civ V at the moment. My 13 year old niece is within this range, maybe 1000 more or so. And her average monthly voice time is about 18 minutes. All to her parents. To some extent it's aesthetic. Java seems bureaucratic and verbose and just...clunky. Part of this is just where I'm coming from. I started programming as a kid with basic, then assembly, like most programmers my age. Then pascal and C in college, got a job doing C++ and did that for a number of years. Dabbled in a working in php at the end of that, seemed a little sloppy as a language. Then I just stopped programming for a long while. Did other things for a living, other things for hobbies. I'd burned out on programming because I wasn't doing the sorts of things I wanted to be doing with it. Now I'm getting back into it and I just don't have any interest in Java. It feels like it's designed for slow, plodding steps, and writing code in it feels like I'm doing a lot of favors for the language rather than working on something interesting. Right now I'm building small stuff in Python and dabbling in Clojure. Python lets me feel like the language is not at all a source of friction. I write the code as fast as I know what the code should be doing. Java does not feel like that at all. It's got its limitations, and there's certain things I'd drop back into C for if I wanted to do them, but Python is a language I can almost ignore while I'm using it, if that makes sense. Clojure is a whole different animal, and I'm mostly using it to stretch my brain a bit. Get some concepts I'd like to learn. It also includes being a first responder to accidents. And watching over the cleanup of said accidents. People burned alive in cars. Children strewn across highways. And knowing every violation stop is a potential end to your life. Who knows who that driver is and what they're going to do? Do I want the job? No thanks. They're more than welcome to those salaries for what they deal with. Incredibly easy to game that requirement at a very minimal expense, but still. Until the last few months, it would have been Mountain Dew, Mountain Dew, and Mountain Dew. But I've given up the HFCS for now. 1 cup of coffee in the morning, not particular about what kind, but only drink it black. Ridiculous amounts of water. Alcohol- 7 & 7 is my cocktail when out. I go through phases of wine. Sauvignon Blancs at the moment. You know, screenwriters study and obsess over motivations and why people do things as much as a hacker studies and obsesses over how a particular system works. Sorkin is one of the very best in the world at what he does. Top 5 or 10, easy, and he has been in that league for well over a decade now. Perhaps the character in the film is more complex than people here are portraying him to be. It's the same crowd that says "What do I care about tweets about what people are eating for lunch?" I figure they're people won't make very good founders and move on. I'd go with C. The fact that it's challenging is exactly why you should learn it at this stage. Many of my generation went Basic -> Assembly, and PHP -> C is not a dissimilar sequence. Facebook has about a million times stronger lock-in though. Changing my primary search engine requires no effort at all on my point, and I lose practically nothing by doing so. Gmail is probably Google's most-likely-to-last product. That's an easy question to answer. Obama came in promising radical change, and then followed through in some areas. This increased uncertainty in all areas, since it was made clear that radical change was in fact in the works. After this week's election, uncertainty should drop, since we will then know that nothing much can get done for the next two years. Or drive into California, with it's agricultural inspection stations on each highway. I've often wondered what they would do if they saw clear evidence of criminal activity in a vehicle at one of those checkpoints. Wave just needed a good emacs mode to have been made for it. Got one of these a few weeks ago. It's very much a single-purpose device, but it's excellent at what it does. I have about 3000ish books in my small apartment, so I'm a fan of the paper book. But I'm certain that the majority of my future book purchases will be kindle books. forget court, write airlines and tell the why you now fly less. they have more power here. I've written to the airline I use for most travel and explained why this holiday season I'll be driving to my destinations. The airlines have the power in this situation, if they protest, this will be changed. I've heard that Los Alamos and/or Huntsville have the most PhDs per capita, which makes a lot of sense, but may not actually be true. Meanwhile American labels waste time suing people when they could be rolling in the dough by producing American vocaloids. I wonder which one of them will figure that out first? It's possible that it's worth $3.5 million to prevent the damage he would do to Google if he worked at Facebook. Not that he's worth 3.5M to Google per se, but that if he took his skills and knowledge to FB in an area where Google is vulnerable, he could harm Google far beyond that figure. Say he was the top guy in targeting ads socially or locally at Google, for example. What is it worth to prevent FB from getting a leg up? I'm in my 40s and get more Facebook messages from my friends than I do emails. Many more. Makes more sense than most real estate prices in California. Raise the rates on bulk mail. There's so much of it that it's clearly priced too low. I assume this is the same reasoning for not having Netflix streaming available on Linux. Step 2 would be to ask why Silverlight is so important to them. The reasons for their choice have everything to do with why they made the choice. It's interesting that the story doesn't mention that Baucus was the one who put it in the healthcare bill in the first place. He's got some good people working for him to pull that PR off. People in school would comment on how well I did on all the various standardized tests, and my response was "It's easy, the answer is always right there on the page." From OpenTable's own data, their revenue averages $600 a month from a given restaurant. Not a negligible cost, but doesn't seem outrageous. Probably room for someone to undercut that, but it doesn't seem that the cost of restaurants controlling their own electronic reservations systems would be tremendously lower. But maybe if restaurants did it on a cooperative basis. Hmm. From OpenTable's info, the booking per diner is $1.00 if done via OpenTable's site, but only 25 cents per diner if done via the restaurant's site. This suggests certain approaches.... His $10.40 is the cost for an "incremental" 4-top, ie a group that wouldn't have booked without coming in via opentable since they were new to the place. Given that even OpenTable's info estimates only 50% of the bookings would be incremental, and that that's likely an overestimate in OT's favor, I can imagine $10.40 may be about right. 4-top via OT = $4 1/2 4-tops from OT "incremental", cost is now $8 per incremental. If it's really 2/5 4-tops from OT are incremental, we're at $10 per incremental. You only have to take this on in a particular market to start. It makes no difference that OT has restaurants in NYC if you're competing in SF. It's pretty obvious that Google just wants the raw data of the books for later projects, and the concept of making them available to the public as they have is nothing more than the thinnest of fig leaves. They're getting far, far more value from the libraries they're scanning than they are providing back to the world, and it's because of their atrocious metadata processes. And if someone figures out how to automate the process, you'd be a fool to be "hired" by Google. That's something that should be paid for at a much higher rate than any salary. Hmm. Rated 4 places, but the counter kept saying I'd rated 2. Reloaded page and only 1 rating showed. I clicked stars, wrote a paragraph, and rated the subcategories, and "published". If it didn't save all that, I'm never using it again. Sure, right after physics is adequately expressed in natural language. There's a reason physicists express their concepts in mathematics, and that's because math is the language humans devised to express those things, having found natural language inadequate. Programming is similar in that regard.