We use SVN exclusively for our projects at NeoSmart Technologies (private and public); and a huge number of highly-popular open source communities are also built around SVN... Examples similar to Drupal: WordPress, Gallery2, etc. I use Consolas, and it's been my favorite until now. The thing is, Consolas is beautiful.. but not as functional as Liberation Mono. It's a very "plain" font, but for screenful after screenful of code, fancy isn't what I need. Liberation Mono isn't going to win any beauty awards, the MS typography team did a great job with their Vista fonts... But I think Liberation Mono is the ideal "productivity" font for hard-core coders. I can just imagine it: "And Hans Reiser was heard arguing with his wife - just like he'd practiced for years on the mailing lists of open source communities where overly-violent and highly-sensitive people are known to dwell and practice verbal abuse quite often." Funny.. I found Liberation to be huge. At size 10, it's about the same pixel-size as Consolas at size 12! More importantly, sounds like MS is not really to blame. I really recommend Atlassian's FishEye (similar to trac) and Crucible (peer code review, with a friendly forum-like twist) - both of which are tightly integrated - for anyone into some serious teamwork-based coding on SVN, CVS, Perforce, or several other version-managed development. Fisheye: http://www.atlassian.com/software/fisheye/ Crucible: http://www.atlassian.com/software/crucible/ Atlassian's great about open source, and give free licenses to any non-profit or FOSS projects. Entirely. I was shocked at the original BBC article, which touted the claims as "hard science" and made it all seem like we could be regrowing our limbs back in no time thanks to this amazing new "extra-cellular material" discovery. Is this article for real? It's 8 short paragraphs long, and a single sentence at the end indicates that nVidia has big plans without any details, facts, or techniques. The link to "more info" at EE Times is broken, and there is no indication of "shaking things up." The article is entirely subjective, and misses out on all the finer points of parallel programming.... Putting aside any possible biases, anyone interested in an easy to use LaTeX-like program should give Microsoft's Word 2007 a shot. The new equation editor and symbols functionality is quite powerful, and incredibly easy to use. I still maintain its easier to get your professor or colleagues to upgrade to Word 2007 than to convince them to learn LaTeX. It's brilliant. Everything from the limitations (real text files that can be indexed) to getting people to link their own stuff from other sites is very well thought-out. There's a double-incentive for users to get their stuff at the top of Digg, Reddit, etc. First is the MBA they win, and second is the fact that it's _their_ stuff that's getting popular - pure brilliance! And Scribd's slick licensing clause will make people submit their own, original content under an open source or CC license just for the chance of getting that MBA. The real problem with a 120-135 degree posture isn't the tendency to slide off, it's the tendency to slack off... and the difficulty of getting things accomplished from that posture. I don't think the study has factored in the use of a keyboard. It's not as easy to type when you're reclined backwards - it adds extra stress to the wrists and triceps (assuming your still typing on the desk). He's in his 30s; young but not exactly a "boy...." The "new crappy ones" are the ones that I'm referring to in the OP - I got myself a 50 dollar MS keyboard, and my mistake ratio went up like crazy as a result of un-even tactile feedback that resulted in letters appearing out of order far too often. Stay away from them :) Has anyone used a DiNovo Edge? I hear it has great tactile feedback, but haven't had the chance to try it out yet. Wow! I had to re-read the second point several times before I could get it through my head: "Compile-time type errors annoy students to no end. It's better to at least let their program run and do SOMETHING rather than fail to compile and do NOTHING." This is non-sense. It's encouraging bad coding practice, and it's the reason why languages like ColdFusion, JavaScript, etc. gave real developers so much trouble: amateurs write code that "runs" but is wholly broken. I agree that Python is a great beginner (and pro) language, but not for this reason!! PHP is going towards where other languages have already tread long ago. I highly recommend anyone considering writing a webapp in PHP think twice about alternative languages, Python in particular. Perl, Python, Ruby, and ASP.NET are all great webapp languages; but Perl is old, Ruby is heavy, and .NET is Microsoft - however PHP developers have no reason not switch to a real OOP language like Python and save themselves from a wheelbarrow-load of trouble. It wouldn't. But it would make good coding easier for a good developer though. Don't get me wrong - I'm writing a PHP webapp _right now_ on the other monitor... The only reason it's in PHP is because it's a for-redistribution script and everyone knows PHP is easy to deploy and popular. It has its strengths. They've obviously done something right to garner that huge userbase and support. But for a developer looking to write an internal webapp where only a couple of people get to look at the sort; I maintain that a good developer will be better off coding in one of the other languages that are, shall we just say, more "built" for the hard-core coding sort of thing. As previous news articles state, Facebook has some implementation of XMPP going on. XMPP was designed from the ground-up to deal with exactly the issues that he highlights, and is the ideal real-time implementation for any system where everyone is expected to be aware of the statuses of all others on the network (verses the traditional "poll the server every x seconds" methods). Even if Facebook isn't using XMPP per-say, they have full access to its implementations and source code for internal use for sure. Granted, Facebook _does_ have the "slight" challenge of having 70 million active users; in light of which near everyone else's IM/XMPP networks are a mere pittance; but the core framework and algorithms are wholly addressed and implemented in XMPP standard. It's one thing to make a more-efficient implementation of an already-existing standard that scales damn decently verses _designing_ a whole new system to serve their needs. Note that the article doesn't once mention XMPP though. I'm still looking for the rest of the article. For an Economist article, this one was pretty short and thin.... I don't see how it's difficult to see the "right" thing to do - it almost never is, really. "The right thing" (TM) is to treat the poor like you would any other social entity. You (as a businessman) can profit off of them, but not by taking advantage of their desperate situation. You make a fair offer, you get a fair return, and everyone lives happily ever after. Now if you choose to give them a more-than-fair offer (interest rates that just cover inflation, pretty much no profit involved) out of the goodness of your heart - kudos to you. Keep in mind the most important thing: the current sub-prime woes were all caused by banks taking advantage of people who couldn't afford to pay them back; "balancing-off" the high risk of investment with even higher interest rates - and look where that's put the global economy. There's a lesson in there - you can't make a quick buck, and ripping people off can never help society as a whole in the long run. This is a stupid PR stunt. Linux is great and all (using it now), but everything has its place. Just as it doesn't make sense to bundle 31 Cents ice cream with all Nike shoes, it doesn't make sense to stuff Linux down all motherboards. There's a time and a place for everything; and adding features we don't need to products is just going to drive their price up, increase their complexity (and vulnerability). Oh, and the penguin inside me is screaming "Score another one for the good guys!" But "grabbing" is a less-efficient solution. Just as moving the mouse around may be less efficient than typing on that keyboard; grabbing stuff to interact with them can be a waste of time. More intuitive != more productive; and the current problem (IMHO) with mobile devices is that they have such low efficiency rates that their productivity _despite_ the advantage of being always on and always with you still suffers (as a result of size, awkwardness, and time-consuming adaptations we need to use). I felt strongly enough about this to post a reply as an article: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/asus-linux-whether-you-need-it... Bottom-line: You're going to be loading your full OS when you come to work in the morning anyway.... How often are you going to need your Skype and you're PC isn't already on, running your full OS? Thanks for sharing your experience in this field. But (and forgive me if I'm mistaken) your application was a special exception where the option of using the touchscreen UI made more sense, just as the Nintendo DS has a usability edge with its touchscreen. But for the more-general "productivity" applications - from email clients to word processors to graphics design software (where the "word bias" isn't an issue), I don't see touchscreens being the more efficient way to go. In my opinion, delight is great, but not when it comes at the expense of productivity. For games and leisure, productivity is a non-issue and - you're absolutely right - delight and simplicity should be the developer's number one focus. But for productivity tools, making things easier and quicker to get done is the most important thing. There's nothing more frustrating than banging out an email on a touch-screen keyboard; for productivity tools, increased productivity is the delight. It could be argued that the reason they touch is because they haven't learned to use other (more efficient) senses in-tandem with the unique human ability to deduce and comprehend. We can touch things to see what they do, or we can process what we see and hear to arrive at the same conclusion but with less physical effort and in less time. It struck me as quite clever (perhaps too clever, which seems to be a common thread in these recent Thinking Machines articles...). Just to put "recent" into perspective, this article is from 1981 :) Number 1 is already possible and its even advised by Google. However, you don't get email updates. I can't find the link that advises its use right now, but this link talks about hosting ga.js on your server: http://www.google.com/support/googleanalytics/bin/answer.py?... "The study was lent some credibility by the finding that the Russians were the most unhappy." ...and the Guardian's credibility was ripped to shreds when turns out that Russia did NOT score lowest on the UN Human Development Index report (as seen at http://hdr.undp.org/en/statistics/ ) Russia is number 67 out of 70 in the "highest development" section, and number 67 out of 177 total. Sorry, Guardian. It seems that phones also transmit a phone number along with the IMEI code; and a phone number certainly isn't anonymous. Discussion is in the comments here: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/mapping-computer-techniques-to... They're in the ocean. Typically, that would involve eating fish and drinking water :) Then again, this is the 21st century. I cannot imagine the food they eat would differ too much from the food you're currently eating in Seattle/Chicago/SV/London/etc. In this day and age, whether or not something is available is no longer really a question. The only thing that is relevant becomes how much it costs to get it. In this case, the cost of shipping perishable goods to these "islands" on a daily/weekly basis. Even if fish were sufficient, I don't think any of the inhabitants would appreciate eating fish and fish alone day in, day out. Non-perishable goods like crackers, chips, Pepsi, coffee, sugar, flour, etc. can be shipped in large quantities and cheaply (via barges). But stuff like eggs, milk, fresh meat, and other goods that can be held in storage for long periods of time without adversely affecting the quality and nutrition of their constituents need some other solution. At any rate, they'll have an easier time at getting something to eat than the inhabitants of the International Space Station for sure :) How many programmers own a half share in their own business at 25? How about the whole thing at 19? I think this is directly applicable to the current situation at Microsoft. The number of contributors to the Windows codebase has risen dramatically over the last couple of years, while some other teams have remained at a fixed size (such as the XBox team and the Office team). It could be a (highly-unlikely) coincidence, but the end-user satisfaction with both the latter products is far greater than for Windows Vista. Obviously a correlation does not imply causation, but it's certainly food for thought (even if slightly rehashed/redundant). From M-W: deleterious: harmful often in a subtle or unexpected way Just in case I wasn't the only one ;-) I know it's his name, but the OCD within makes me want to sed 's/Ive/I\'ve/g' Pay close attention to the bit about being generated on a WAMP system. This is clearly an issue with PHP using a faulty random-number generator on the Windows platform, and not a general fault that necessarily exists in all programming languages' random number generators. (Just for the record: Windows has a number of random number generator functions in its cryptographic libraries, some of which are on-par with those that ship with *nix. It's just that PHP on Windows isn't using them the right way) Microsoft Research has some brilliant developers that make some real-nifty stuff (despite what you may think about the rest of the company). For instance, a while back they had a tool that could be used to connect a single wi-fi card to multiple wi-fi networks simultaneously, reviewed here: http://neosmart.net/blog/2006/multiple-wireless-networks-wit... 3. Scribd EDIT See the comments at http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=195067 for more on the Scribd issue. Agreed. Excellent points here, especially the bits about the rationale behind patching major packages when maintainers should be taking the extra time to submit patches upstream instead. Another vote for the IronPython + Mono/.NET. An added advantage is far faster runtimes thanks to bytecode-compilation (vs the default interpreted-code nature of Python in most circumstances). You can write your code in Visual Studio on Windows or MonoDevelop on Linux. On Windows, it'll use the native Win32 controls, on Linux Mono will "draw" controls that look like the native ones without actually calling the native binaries - it allows for a huge compatibility boost and still manages to look 99% native (technically it's drawing the exact same native controls, but the drawings aren't perfect). Or Stetic. It's not easy. As the founder of a 4-year-old non-profit tech company, I can tell you that it's not easy and your best bet is to make it your number 1 short-term goal to become self-sustaining. By borrowing money, asking the right people, getting donations, etc. you can get off the ground and get started. Form there, focus on finding steady income source (ads are a good way) even if it's not a lot of money. Finally, don't underestimate end-users willingness to donate. Paypal buttons don't work because everyone assumes everyone else has donated money. We started using "donation trackers" by ChipIn (chipin.com) and they've been quite effective. Make sure you set a "goal" because people love to feel they're helping you work towards a particular amount. (For instance, we always get our most donations at the beginning and end of each month, when people send the donations percentage to 5% and to 100%). Best money-saving tip: find a webhost to donate a dedicated server; it's the most important way to save money and keep afloat. One of the comments to the article references the Dreyfus learning model (described at http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/archives/000203.html ) which should - somewhat - allay those fears :) I see a lot of RPC-bashing going on here... I actually use it (typically via higher-level wrappers in Java or C#), and it's OK.... but what do you guys recommend as an alternative? I can vouch that BZR has one of the best plain-text diff tools - whether or not it's number 1 without numbers to back the claim is a different matter though. However, what I really want to see is BZR and GIT catching up to SVN when it comes to binary diffs - SVN remains the most efficient at finding and commiting changes to binary data between revisions. It may not seem so important, but if you're ever in a backwards country on business and need to upload to a repository via dial-up..... and of course, the smaller the binary diffs the more space saved on the server and bandwidth charges. Yeah, because Linus is really impartial on the matter ;-) Mostly binary dependencies. Some are executable files (for instance, GRUB Stages 1 & 2), some are DLLs, and some are redistributables. Reason they're under SCM is because we maintain some of them; with varying degrees of changes. Some have their own repositories, naturally, but others involve minor changes and/or just simply take too long to build. And for some of the redistributables: we don't have the source code for them in the first place. I don't get why most everyone on HN assumes all hackers are I know plenty of middle-aged experts in the computer industries with wives and kids who love it out "in the country" and wouldn't trade it for anything else. While there's a lot to be said for the bling and bang of living in somewhere like NYC, Seattle, SF, Chicago (my hometown! :D), or the valley; there's a whole 'nother side to the coin that involves a quite family life away from the city and the people. We have both public and private accounts with assembla - they're great. We used to use their entire package (bug reporting, trac, etc.) but now we're only using them for SVN and use locally-deployed software to manage the rest of the toolchain (mostly Atlassian software such as Jira, Confluence, Crucible, and Fisheye) OK, so reading this article is enough to thoroughly convince one to rethink the usage of Singletons. But what other design patterns would you guys recommend? Most of the common design patterns are some form of Singleton implementation or the other and suffer many of the same drawbacks Steve points out in the article - what are the alternatives? (I've been making do with custom interactor classes that perform object sharing by using linked-list of class instances with a custom "mapper" and though it works great it's really hard to explain to anyone). Also - any books you guys would recommend as an alternative to Design Patterns? When you write your own MVC you'll come right back to the original patterns question. MVC is just the thing programmers interact with so they don't have to deal with inter-class interactions directly. But the MVC framework itself needs to manage those interactions somehow, using one pattern or the other. Looking back at my post I see my mistake. I understand OOP programming and class interactions very well, and as I mentioned have my own "pattern" that I'm using to great satisfaction; built, like you say, from the ground-up to serve that particular purpose. Getting there wasn't easy and certainly not reproducible - it was a mess. So, my problem is that my solution is specific to my case and it's terribly complicated to explain to someone asking for advice on design patterns. So my question isn't actually how to write a good controller but what resources to recommend for intermediate-level coders asking for advice on the matter. ...but that essay basically says micropayments are dead and will never stand a chance? What if pigs could fly? EDIT To clarify, it's ridiculous to just make a conjecture like this and build a case around it. The same thing could be done for anything else, not just gas and the current state of the economy. If the foundation of the article is this wild, then any of its conclusions are just as off-base and pointless. Well, I wish you luck :) You're partially right. I'm a Windows programmer, and that's probably why I switched to Linux with the Vista release. I still program for Windows, but from the safety and comfort of a virtual machine. What you say about spyware and trojans and viruses simply isn't true - it's really easy to keep a Windows machine clean: NOD32 + Windows Defender is more than enough. However, the reason for "which hasn't been an enjoyable experience" can be found in the lack of stability and performance that we're seeing on the Windows platform. A decade's worth of Win32 gunk has caught up with Vista, and it's made coding Windows applications a serious PITA. It seems that somewhere between Windows XP and Windows Vista the proverbial "last straw" was added, and it's made coding for Windows Vista such a dreadful nightmare. It's not fun; & more to the point, it's exasperating. Using a framework like .NET helps like crazy (.NET:Beautiful::Win32:Ugly) but the performance and reliability issues still persist no matter what you build your applications on. Take for instance my current Vista install. Out of the blue it won't resolve DNS addresses - for no reason. Basically, the mess of code that is the TCP/IP stack - just like the other stacks in need of a from-scratch implementation on Windows - has gotten corrupted somewhere along the way to the point that reinstalling networking drivers, clearing ARP routes, etc. just won't fix. Too much gunk === impossibly difficult to keep stable/reliable for any period of time. Thomas Edison or Benjamin Franklin. Such brilliant minds with some many little anecdotes us hackers can relate to. Add WYSE to the list - some really intriguing problems there. Depending on how much you're sending out and to how many people; Google Apps is a good choice. Looks like the dupe-detector is broken? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=203122 links to the same URI..... I'm not sure what you mean by "quite manual?" You just need to set up the Google Apps service manually; everything else (including creating accounts, new addresses, sending emails, creating email aliases, etc.) is fully "automatable" via their API; with wrappers available in Python, PHP, C++, Java, Ruby, Perl, and more.... Writing parallel-processing applications isn't easy. I run a non-profit tech R&D organization; and we have internships where under-grad students can try their hand at coding in "a corporate environment" with joint development, toolchains, and the whole shebang. We gauge the students by how much they accomplish in how much/little time and how elegant their solution is. And at towards the end of the internship, we invariably ask the best students to add some form of multi-threading or parallel-processing to the application they're working on (in C++, C#, or Java mostly) and even our best students have trouble with getting proper parallel-processing code working (and these guys had done brilliantly elsewhere). I personally learned it the hard way, scouring the 'net for all the different methods until I built my own "templates" that work great for me. If you don't mind being restricted to mostly-Microsoft platforms, C# is the race horse you'll want to place your best on. It's multi-threading support is great (the best I've seen so far w/ regards to the balance between control & simplicity). The way its delegates (callbacks), thread pool, and invokes work is quite impressive & powerful. And, of course, C# can use any C++ library you throw at it w/ P/Invoke & a lot of marshalling. Not every Web service is expected to grow into a real company, and be sold off or enter the public markets through IPO. Many of these are hobbies. Others should be seen with the same light as shareware, in that most content is for free, and if they make a few bucks, that's just fine. Sometimes, a Web service will launch and help a developer pad the resume, or use it as a springboard to the next job. And whether it's one person behind a product or a hundred, there's no value in prematurely suggesting they wave the white flag. A lot of people seem to have forgotten that in the light of all the money pouring into the current startup waves. I began my "startup" as a hobby, and now as a way to help others out - I'm perfectly content to run it part-time and seek money elsewhere if that's the way it has to be. It's not "dead," it's just different. ...but wasn't the whole point of Google buying YouTube in the first place? I thought we all knew that? Type-3 iNTj (44-50-50-22) I used to be an INTP (i think) in high school, but since then I've become a highly social, highly popular but really-geeky geek; which gave me the above score. PostIt notes. They're hard to manage but they give me so much creative freedom!! http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/postit-notes/ Congratulations. You are not the target of that kind of fear-mongering. IMHO, the majority of the people intelligent enough to be on HN aren't either. Books like 1984 and 'State of Fear' are intended for consumption by The Proles (to use the term from 1984 itself). They're intended to raise awareness for what's going on to those that willing trade liberty for a (false) sense of security. I think our bearing the presence of these books is well worth others waking up and smelling the coffee for the first time. Better yet, ban the idiots up-voting such stories; because they clearly don't belong on HN. I really like/appreciate/admire the Yahoo! Developer Network for what they're putting out. I don't have much use for most of Yahoo!'s other services (Flickr excluded); but most everything to come out of their Developer Network is pretty damn nifty. The YUI JS libraries are pretty brilliant (esp. the WYSIWYG editor) and this "design stencil" is just inspired - it's the kind of initiative webapps in general need to make them even more viable alternatives to desktop applications. (As a desktop developer myself, I say that with a huge twinge of sadness; but it's true nevertheless). If Yahoo! were to be gobbled-up, Flickr and the Yahoo! Developer Network would be the only things I'd pray aren't canceled. For me too - and, of course, 1984 was just brilliant. I personally enjoy reading this type of stuff; my only point above was just that if anyone's about to complain that this "fear mongering" is getting old they should think twice about the alternative. Alas, it seems people are of the opinion that I should be downmodded for expressing such a thought. But don't we have a moral imperative to share our knowledge? Why is it a law that children must attend school if not to underscore the value of spreading knowledge that we've acquired. The instinct to teach (not to convert, but just to teach) is human. We can't force them to adopt our ways; but shouldn't we show them the alternatives and give them the choice of accepting it or not? I highly recommend LunarPages. Best thing is their low latency and modern systems. They're one of the few with a lot of clients yet almost universally positive reviews. I love how you assume we've "fixed" that problem :) More seriously though, I suffer from the same problem. My issue is that I can't clear my mind - so I'm lying in bed and actively thinking (verses "passively" letting my mind wander) about people, events, projects, etc. until I get bored and get back up. My only solution (more of a workaround) is to just do the same as LogicHole: stay awake for 36 hours - you'll force your body to go to sleep thereafter. Good to see the Twitter team reply to that disgusting Blaine-bashing that TechCrunch had engaged in: The folks at TechCrunch singled out a former employee of Twitter by name in their questions but Twitter is a team—we share responsibility for our victories as well as our mistakes. cURL can't grab the thumbnails - you need to run the HTML through a rendering engine to do that. He means someone set up a a JS library over HTTPS on a server for _others_ to use. Like you would grab a JS library off of Google's HTTPS servers and use that on your non-SSL pages. Everyone repeat after me: Coincidences happen. Correlation is not causation. Then again, I highly doubt the author of the post seriously believes it's anything other than a coincidence himself - but whatever brings the traffic. December 22nd, 2012 is the day the day the Aliens come and the whole world ends - I think the internet is the least of our worries. Hopefully Mulder has a plan. The interface on the Google service is identical as best as I can figure - does "Do no evil" include saying thank you to the authors of open source code? Then you might as well join a big company, because the entrepreneurial/hacker spirit dictates that you _must_ be willing to learn something new every day. Four years since starting my organization, Press@NeoSmart.net still redirects to my email address (as the founder & Director). As if TechCrunch doesn't know that's what small companies & organizations do! There are four screenshots in the post and throughout the comments... doesn't that count as some evidence? Same here, except with VMware instead of Photoshop. It's rather disconcerting when Firefox takes up as much memory as an entire virtual machine running Windows XP.... I can't help but think of Twitter every time someone mentions FriendFeed. I know I'm going to get a lot of flack for saying this, but FriendFeed now is exactly how Twitter was at the time of the SxSW rage. Everyone who wasn't using it "didn't know what they were missing" and it was going to be "the greatest thing since sliced email" and whatnot... Flash forward just several months, and the fad is over. These things can't sustain themselves, they take too much work, they're huge timesinks, and they have no real & tangible long-term benefits for their users. They may be fun at first, but as soon as the novelty wears off the number of users will also drop - as will he number of hard-core users that can't hear the service's name without wetting their pants in excitement. That's just silly/stupid. A good resume speaks for itself and is instantly obvious from 1) The grammar and words used 2) The length of the resume (yes, believe me, size does matter) 3) What it says. Content is king, it doesn't make a difference if we're talking articles or resumes/CVs. A resume isn't where you show off your humor, that's what interviews are for. I highly doubt that. Freedom of speech covers your right to give out your password to anyone who asks for it :) If some stranger came up to you in the street and asked for your SSN & bank account number and you were stupid enough to give it to them, who would be at fault? Would that stranger have done anything illegal? To the contrary, I found the WSJ report showed the direct correlations between the times when Ballmer began to pick up the majority of the work and the decline in the _innovation_ coming out of Microsoft's camp. Their report makes the Gates/Ballmer division of how MS plays ball quite clear. As they explain, Gates is all about MS innovating and building their own tech. Ballmer is about finding a compromise and playing it slightly more safe (because he's a businessman first and foremost while Gates is a hacker). Sure, it's a huge risk to gamble with one of the world's biggest companies, but Gates knew how to play that game. Just take a look at the "innovations" that have come from MS post-2001 and compare them to their work prior to that. There's a clear distinction in the aim/position MS took on in the market. Of course correlation isn't causation, but it's still food for thought. OpenOffice Impress is free. And it automatically downloads my updates for me, too. PHP's scalability isn't the big question. It's not the thing that gives people pause when they hear there's a PHP project looking for a developer. As far as dynamic languages go, PHP scales better than most and performs pretty damn well out of the box. But it's whether or not you can be productive in PHP that's the real question. And men write more code, period. I guess I should have made the tongue-in-cheek humor a bit more obvious (my reply was referring to the sensationalist headlines) - I actually have two brilliant women working for me and their coding is awesome :) It's not that hard to read. Plain is good - though it does look rather awkward on my widescreen. Copy and paste the text into Word or OpenOffice if it's that bad :) He's taking into effect the opportunity cost of spending that dollar verses investing it in something, if I'm not mistaken. What's more is that going through any form of proxy kills your speeds. I'm in Jordan and paying through the eyeballs for 1MB internet (80USD/Month with a 10GB cap) - going through either a private VPN or Socks5 effectively castrates my web-browsing speeds so you can imagine how badly it affects streaming 480p video :) Thank God ValleyWag is banned, because their article on the matter is obscenely light-hearted about the matter. I pray Jobs is OK, cancer is no joke :-( Correction: It's not small, just thin. Which doesn't really matter in the grand scheme of things, actually. Everything is relative. "Breakthrough" scalability and parallel computing on OS X , but more importantly compared to previous versions of OS X. The fact that OS X is currently in last place (I read the same article you're referring to - I think it was on OS News but I'm not sure) is the very reason why they can improve so drastically. Basically, what Apple meant to say is, they're going to be backporting all the FreeBSD scheduler patches to OS X - perhaps even using the ULE Scheduler which would be 1) easy enough to switch to without too much development on Apple's behalf and 2) totally capable of delivering the promised improvements. http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/os-x-snow-leopard-to-use-ule-s... Take a look at the link I posted below - OpenCL can be accomplished by using a thread scheduler that's "aware" of asymmetric processing capabilities across the different cores (and treating the GPU as a usable processing core in non-OpenGL code). I suspect they'll be using ULE or something similar to it to pull this off. Even without much experience with some of the frameworks on the list, I was blown away by how blatantly biased some of those comparisons were. (No, the disclaimer on the first page warning of "possible" biases doesn't cut it). I don't much like the concept of "Site-Specific browsers" - that's what desktop applications and client-server models are for. But you definitely can't deny the appeal it has to Startup and "web 2.0" developers. Damn - why did you have to post it this early? It's going to slip off the front page before Sunday.... and I won't remember! Same here, but PostIt Notes are my best friends (instead of note cards) :) I'd bet it's a line or two of code that, at one point, seemed like a downright brilliant hack/idea to the engineer writing it - and, like so many other "inspired moments," it's come back to haunt... Definitely weird, though! Ubuntu 8.04 x86_64 fully updated - everything working fine here. Parts of it are stunningly beautiful, but they've been wasted: Square corners? Check. Windows 95 shade of gray? Check. Fail? Unfortunately. Thanks. I have a pretty good relationship with some university professors who I could ask for a hand - but I've heard scary stories about professors taking all the credit? Awesome recap.. That link is to the first ten minutes only though, here's the link to the second half: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9OkFTDG4fY&feature=relat... Question: why are you posting the same comment to multiple stories? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=216787 I upvoted you, tried the link, and found out it doesn't resolve? "What a lovely grain of sand you are... Too bad you're lying on a beach." I was just struck by how elegantly and simply those few words got such an important and fundamental point across. Submitted because of the first entry of the ten... it's the steampunk Model M IBM keyboard found here: http://steampunkworkshop.com/keyboard.shtml Honestly, this reads like a (poor?) PR move on Google's behalf - explain why .exe is a bad idea to cover up the obvious flaw in blocking .0 extensions. Everyone knows exe is executable, but .0 can (very easily and clearly) refer to non-executable stuff... Only problem: Google doesn't support x64 Linux installations. http://code.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?answer=83194... (note that the nspluginwrapper link on their site doesn't work for Gears - it was reported by a poster on a mailing list as working, but future posts confirmed it doesn't do the trick) ...whereas both Flash and Moonlight work quite well on x64 now (nevermind the past). Actually, it doesn't explain why Yahoo! passed up on the offer - nothing does. As a publicly-traded company, Yahoo!'s number one goal is required to be that they keep their stock prices going. Microsoft's deal was for more lucrative, but Yahoo! turned it down (yet again) for murky-clear reasons that aren't backed by numbers or facts - just Jerry Yang's insistence that "Yahoo! can do better." (Note: I'm glad the deal didn't fall through, IMHO, it would've been the end of both MS and Yahoo!) I love how she makes 1:30 in the morning out to be "sleeping late." Sorry, but IIS is free (assuming you have Windows) and I'm coding .NET and MySQL as I write this. Oh, and I've never seen a server run by a proper IT admin get a virus - only people who use the server as a workstation get infected. At the risk of sounding like an idiot... was this the link you meant to send? http://kara.allthingsd.com/20080613/microsofts-not-bluffing/ Because the one you're linking to is about the creators of email trying to fix it. Expected by whom ? If you're saying Google expects this kind of URI format, then they should probably say so :) First good TechCrunch article in a long time - it's nice to see Arrington can still write a decent, fair, and sensible article once in a while. Am I the only one that's saddened by the potential for even more fragmentation of communication and info? I personally like having all of my information in one place, and that's my personal email account - not my social network. I don't need another email address. I agree with what you're saying.. but most hackers I know can force themselves to get up sevenish if they're going to sleep that early. IMHO, late is 3am+ That links to the top 42 commercial games for Linux. Top 42 Free Games: http://www.linuxlinks.com/article/20080510052539217/Games.ht... And another 42 Free: http://www.linuxlinks.com/article/20080522164112313/Games-Pa... AOL has released partial specs for parts of OSCAR but neglected to include the sections necessary for ICQ compatibility, and there is an obsolete draft RFC for MSNP. Both of those protocols have been reverse engineered and documented fairly well, but there are no open source implementations suitable for use as jabber gateways. Sorry, but that's just not true. OpenFire has an excellent opensource IM gateway plugin with support for all of the protocols he mentions. The only one still missing from the open source community is Skype. I don't understand the last two paragraphs (before "Power Points").... the article is mentioning "for the greater good" and some counter-arguments to points that haven't been made in the article itself! The benefits of their technology is clear, but they're defending it against arguments that have (presumably) been made without telling us what they are... Absolutely no disrespect intended.... but perhaps it is not the companies at fault? I mean to say, are the other fellow hackers/employees present just as disenchanted with the management and direction of the company as yourself, or was it always just you? The karma situation isn't anywhere near as bad as you're making it out to be. While what your suggesting can be done, there's absolutely no reason to do it. Hacker News is still a great place and a great community and there's no reason to turn all rebellious over a perceived injustice, and certainly no motivation to try to turn the whole karma system upside-down when -- on the whole -- it's working OK.... He didn't give any reasons for not doing number 2 (waiting for the Blackberry Bold)... IMHO: not really. Sure, for the while it takes to catch on (assuming it does) it would work and we'd know ourselves. But then when it becomes the "standard" for low ratings to mean high quality then people will start up-voting like crazy, and we're back where we started. The numbers are relative, so it doesn't make a difference if there's a leading "-" sign or not, it's the way people read and treat it that counts. When HN first started, + was the convention and people respected it (at first), then they didn't. If you switch to a "-" convention, people will respect it for some time, then the same thing will happen once more... Then it'll have no meaning. You'll downvote my reply because you think its worthy and someone else will come along and upvote it for the same reason (and, remember, everyone can upvote always). Or you'll upvote my reply because of how nasty, trollish, and a waste of bytes it is and someone will come along and take points away... it'd be chaos. As a matter of fact yes, but with some workarounds. However, let's assume the answer is "of course not" instead: But it can be easily adapted - that's like creating a new filesystem from scratch because ext3 or reiserfs hasn't yet been ported to whatever platform you're working on - and going on to claim that no open source filesystem exists simply because you don't use any of them :) It's not an "attack" - it's the normal course of events. If 50% of the community follows one convention and the other 50% follow another, it's inevitable. I'm sorry, but why is this such a big deal? I'm not referring to the fact that's listed here, but rather why is it headline news that a particular not-so-special FOSS program has reached 500k downloads? I've had my free software reach the 500k, and 1MM marks; but didn't think to make such a big deal about it.. can someone enlighten as to when it's considered a news-worthy accomplishment verses when its meaningless self-praise? God, news agencies are so gullible these days! First it was BBC swallowing the story about the magically-regrown finger via "pixie dust" hook, line, and sinker and now we have Reuters equating DNA to life........ I'm not a mobile developer, but if I were, that wouldn't bother me. The concept of an app store shipping on every iPhone and Apple doing the marketing for you... it's pretty enticing and IMHO well worth that 30%. I'd imagine a high-profile application (read: fad) would gather more money, traffic, and downloads on a forced-down-your-throught app store on the iPhone than on Android where your users have to go more or less out of their way to get it. Good point. I guess the only possible legal alternative to the AppStore is an application installed via the AppStore that does the same thing, but the odds of Apple allowing something like that to be listed on AppStore are near nil. It doesn't help that 37Signals isn't linking to the actual source, just the domain it was found on. I think the author is wrong to dismiss both image and video search as complicated and expensive. All either of them needs is the right algorithm, which can come as a "stroke of genius" and land someone a lot of cash, real easy. Can we stop posting all these articles that claim to know the secret of why men like some things and women like others? These ridiculous articles aren't accomplishing anything! IMHO this is a PR stunt... there's no real benefit to using a OS X server instead of FreeBSD or even Linux... if I'm wrong, please enlighten me as to any tangible benefits to using Leopard purely as a webserver... I see a lot of people bashing Confluence here.. may I ask why? Having used Twiki, DocuWiki, MediaWiki, and now Confluence; it has become my enterprise wiki of choice. If you can get over its J2EE requirements which make for a huge PITA when the time to upgrade to the next version or make it work with other J2EE applications on the same Tomcat instance, it's a pretty productive tool. It gets the job done, its straight-forward to use, and performs quite good. Can I ask why there are a lot of disenchanted Confluence users out there? They couldn't pick a more crowded day to release such a major milestone? I don't think anyone in the press has the time of the day for Wine when FF3 goes gold simultaneously... Inside every small program is a large program struggling to get out. So true!! I've seen tiny self-contained applications turn into huge suites of software that no one - from the developers to the end users - had anticipated. I'd like to point out that Opera 9.5 alpha had this feature before "Mozilla went out there and tried to change things around." It doesn't exist. According to a number of users at Metafilter ( http://www.metafilter.com/28301/Scrambled-Text ), they've scoured the net and found nothing... Why the second half of the title? I could give it a less if it was "broken" by Digg or Twitter or Slashdot or email - the only thing that matters is whether there is ice or not on Mars. You don't see CNN headlines suffixed with "as AP told us" or "and Reuters had it first!" etc. This is a good business opportunity to start a VPN service in Korea or Taiwan... Is it? Uploaded On: 2007-11-04 I'm pretty sure the fail whale was around before Nov. 2007? While a really nice idea, it's inefficient and won't work. Time has proven over and over that technology requires a different perspective, and what we're used to doesn't always work. From the first attempts at flight by creating artificial wings and flapping them up and down to sowing machines that attempted to thread a needle through one side of a cloth and out the other, science has shown that what we're used just doesn't always translate to success in the machine world. Upvoted in hope that you were being sarcastic :) I don't know if it would be against HN policy to do so, but I think this is something that should be moderated (i.e. marked as dead). I don't know what's worse: people upvoting the story, or defending it. Sorry, but Windows has had the ability to generate summaries of privacy settings ever since NT and the creation of NTFS w/ ACL configuration. It's called "Effective Permissions" and tells you - bottom line, all settings and configurations taken into account - what each user can access and what they can't. Obviously MS hasn't contested this patent yet, but I wonder what they'll do when they read it up.... It isn't novel. See my reply above. No, you're not supposed to "forgive it," you're supposed to use Google or SearchYC, and see the reasons it's there and why it's hard to get rid of for yourself. Most C/C++ programmers should be able to pick up Ct quickly, since less than 5% of the language will be new, according to Rajagopalan. Obviously written by a non-coder; because 5% new/changed keywords is HUGE. And learning the keywords isn't the problem, it's knowing how and when to use them. Every modern (real) language has multi-threading support (albeit not as described in the article), just most people don't know how to use it. At any rate, it uses a runtime environment. If I wanted multi-threaded code that uses a runtime environment, I'd turn to C# or Java, not Ct. What Intel should have focused on (in addition to the extension to the language's own library) is making pure compile-time changes to the language that enable such features, not mixed compile/run-time platforms. From M-W: Pertinacious: stubbornly unyielding or tenacious Get rid of Scribd.com integration. Then I will wear pong so I dont' have to behave well :) But the whole point/problem with the "Long Tail" is that it's inefficient. A single person can benefit from a single portion of the Long Tail without trouble, and all the different single persons benefiting from all the different little portions of the Long Tail add up to make something huge; but for one person to mine through the entire Long Tail isn't easy. It's been the concept of many social networks, from Technorati to Delicious and even to HN - the Long Tail is difficult to mine, inefficient to follow-up on, and generally not worth the trouble when you can keep up with the A-list instead. I'm sure there are some non-Blockbuster movies that would fit me perfectly and that I'd enjoy them far more than my current "top 10" Hollywood moovies; but, you know what, the effort it would take to locate these, the time wasted watching billions of hours of NON-good stuff just makes it not worth it. That's the perpetual problem with the Long Tail. That's rather unfair. Visual Studio 2008 is several orders of magnitude faster, more powerful, and much more responsive than NetBeans. NetBeans is cleaner, but once you get used to VS you'll realize it's the best IDE. This, coming from someone who used to live and die by IntelliJ & NetBeans. Visual Studio is a really great IDE, and togther with the .NET Framework is one of Microsoft's greatest achievements and a huge boon for coders working on MS' platforms. I agree with the rest of what you said though, but I don't think it's applicable to VS.NET. For instance, you could have talked about how bloated Office has become; while it still has tons of good new features, they're inefficiently done. You could have discussed how while Windows is a decent design/principle it has an increasingly more shitty implementation with each and every revision. But Visual Studio?? Well, I wish I could use it on Linux right now! This is the kind of rephrasing of concepts that's just so ingenious and makes you wonder why no one thought of it before. Props to the people behind the (so obvious, so effective) idea! I was really surprised to see how little research is done in the CS fields until I realized something: the lines only show the quantity of citations going in and out across different fields . They have bio and med listed separately when they're really closely tied - so they naturally have a huge amount of information exchange going on between the two, making for the seemingly-gargantuan research count/amonut for those areas. In CS, on the other hand, the amount of research is huge (probably biggest of all since the barrier of entry is so low and isn't limited to people of that field alone); but it's mainly CS people citing other CS people's work(s). We effectively live in a bubble, albeit a very huge one. We interact and share with one another, but not that much with the rest of the industries - and we probably should, since there's a lot of ideas in cyberspace that can be mapped directly to real life..... IMHO, the internet enabled us to discover the existence of the Long Tail and appreciate that it's there and is of huge potential, but is ill-suited (at least in its current format) for making use of the Long Tail. I had high hopes for "the semantic web" and unlocking the tail; but that - most unfortunately - amounted to nothing. OK, then props to whoever is bringing this idea to the USA :) That's like pointing out the Arabs invented algebra before the Europeans started using it, so the European mathematicians don't deserve any credit at all. Props to these guys and the entire denizens of Europe, if that makes you feel more politically correct :) Brilliant. Now if only I could find out who tagged it as "Humor" on Delicious, because this is one of the most important & serious diagrams I've seen online in a long time.... I'm particularly interested in how users use and interact with tags, but it's a really complicated topic.... I blogged about the need for a tagging standard in the past, and raised a number of questions & concerns therein.. a couple of commenters promised to share their findings if their social networks took off, but to no avail: http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/the-need-for-creating-tag-stan... I'm afraid I must agree with the commenters on Om's site - what a fluff article! Honestly, if it weren't Om, I would say it was written by someone who named a startup for the first time and is overly-excited about his role in it... No substance, conflicting points (re: twitter) and bad conclusions (ArchWeb? names should flow ). People upvote if they liked the story, and they vote just to share. Bipartite graph algorithms and topological manifolds are not as important as Gardasil and alternative energy. I highly disagree. Drop by any R&D lab at your closest university and see how badly they depend on the latest software, the most efficient algorithms, and other CS-derived "sciences." If it weren't for languages like Matlab & the libraries of numerical methods and algorithms, alternative energy R&D wouldn't exist. I was at the Nuclear Engineering department of my university earlier today, and they're using CS stuff we haven't even looked at yet! CS is far more important in the grand scheme of things than it's being given credit for, but we silly hackers are content to appreciate ourselves and not look for more. I agree with you absolutely with regards to no two people having the same exact idea, but I don't think even the latter case is an exception - brief may be efficient but not "stylish" and "beautiful." Just like the other properties, it depends on the person looking at it:) Brilliant guide, thanks. I need an MP3 player right now, so this is real helpful. (OT: Anyone know the closest thing to an iPod with WMA support?) encryption please :) EDIT Thanks for changing it :) Not really - Apple's hardware market is driven by marketing principles not hardware costs or availability. Vista required UAC to be enabled in order to install any network printer. And with UAC enabled, the drivers won't install for non-made-for-Vista products... it's a total Catch-22. http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/windows-forces-you-to-use-uac-... Dude, give it a break already. Constantly crying about how HN doesn't suite your taste isn't going to make it any better and certainly doesn't raise the quality of the front page articles. It's the Inq, what do you expect? Microsoft has long been Intel's greatest ally (Wintel, anyone?) and they're still best friends despite whatever "Charlie Demerjian" may think. Vista is broken, no doubt about it, but that's a very far cry from "Intel is abandoning Microsoft." I only buy Crucial ram, but from NewEgg. I can't imagine wanting to convert another language to PHP, except for JavaScript maybe but that's not exactly useful. Now converting PHP to a different, more-useful language? that would be something :) Works great here, fast and snappy. FF3 final on Ubuntu 8.0.1 - I'd check my plugins if I were you. OCD also applies to coders - speaking from experience here. You haven't seen truly refactored code until you've seen somebody with OCD try to infinitely refine it :) Online Asperger's test: http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/9.12/aqtest.html Pressing "Calculate Score" though will show you the source code of the Perl script instead of calculating your results - however the code is easy to follow :) My score: 24. I really don't see what's the big deal. Lots of programs do lots of things without using lots of space.. Same here. 0 or 1? WTF! But what do you mean by the dates reference? I understood that to mean "what happened on this day," spotting patterns in dates, knowing ahead of time what date things will happen, etc? You can't deny that this is someone who gets software and knows how things are supposed to be. Now whether Microsoft gets software or not is debatable, but BillG most certainly does. Anyone that's spoken to him in real-life (even some of the most fanboyish Apple users) has confirmed this fact time and time again - it's a real shame for the software industry he "decided" to pull back from his company in 2001. I've tried it time and time again, along with Phalanger (PHP -> ILDASM) and RoadRunner (PHP -> C) and they all fail. Perhaps. However, my goal would be to take a large project already written in a nasty, buggy language and translate it to something fun to maintain and modify and easy/reliable to run. errr... he did - he's been stepping out since 2001. Your programming skills: No. Your talents and engineering senses? Most definitely. The idea is the same, the venue is different, that's all. "Does Tesco want .supermarket or .groceries?" said Graham Hales, of branding consultancy Interbrand. "Or maybe it wants .value or .everylittlehelps. The choice is endless." While this may address the lack of domain names now available thanks to squatters and collectors, it'll make the web a mess! It's already bad enough with some of the more exotic domain names in use, but with custom TLDs it'd be easier to just memorize the IP address instead! Depending on your projections for future growth and how much cash you have, I'd consider opening my own data center for that kind of storage..... Actually, it's more like 50 hard drives without redundancy (keeping in mind TiB vs TB) and at least double that if we're talking quality redundancy (assuming this is a for-profit company hosting people's sound clips then they better have duplicates of everything). I don't know enough about their model and what services they provide though. I'm thinking 40TB a year storage, but ~100TB transfer per month or more - which isn't a little. But my biggest point is future expansion. 40TB in year one... how many in year 2? From the BBC article on the topic: "Does Tesco want .supermarket or .groceries?" said Graham Hales, of branding consultancy Interbrand. "Or maybe it wants .value or .everylittlehelps. The choice is endless." While this may address the lack of domain names now available thanks to squatters and collectors, it'll make the web a mess! It's already bad enough with some of the more exotic domain names in use, but with custom TLDs it'd be easier to just memorize the IP address instead! I don't think he gives a damn about his 20% of the company as far as cash is concerned. It's more of a legacy thing. He created Microsoft - it's his legacy, it's what he'll be remembered by, and he really cares for it.... it's a part of him. The problem is that such technology isn't monetizable. I mean, you can sell the API or library or whatever that you use to interface with the inbox to people looking to develop such software, but the kind of money it would generate isn't really worth the hassle, IMHO. There's no need for an article, it's a one-word answer: Yes. TLDs are there because at one point they made sense. First it was locations... and, if there is anyone here who recalls before the dot-com boom it was actually pretty damn difficult to book a .org if you weren't an organization or .com if you weren't a company. But then with the huge surge of websites and startups back in the 90s these rules were highly relaxed and a TLD became meaningless and without value. Read the article. It claims he's using certain technology to detect fake red-eye flash from real flashes when a photo is being taken. You know what? I think I'm really going to miss that guy.... Lunarpages. Excellent customer service and the latest tech on all their managed servers (even the shared ones). It's called "Amdahl's Law" in the computing world. The law of bottlenecks and efficiencies. Even if those cars went to infinite efficiency, you'd still benefit more by raising the 10MPGs to a higher number. (No upvote from me though, this is way too obvious!) After officially taking the test for the hell of it 4 times, the time when it actually counted (11th grade for me) they switched to the new format... I had loved the analogies! I'm a Muslim. How many people here are going to start suddenly hating me because I'm part of the "grand conspiracy to take over the world?" Oh yeah, I'm also American. I'm a practicing Muslim, raised in a western culture, contributing to western society, and fitting right in... I'm really disappointed to see some of the hate and prejudice that plagues the ignorant portion of the offliners here on HN - I thought hackers were supposed to be more open minded and stuff! Do they really have to put a "next page" link after every two paragraphs!? It's hateful because it's not referring to non-citizen immigrants but rather the lump-sum Muslims in general - which includes people with full citizenships, etc. I've studied Islam in depth, and can answer this question. Islam calls for the presence of an Islamic state, which may live in coexistence with other non-Islamic states in peace. Within the Islamic state, all Muslims are held to the Islamic laws, but non-Muslims are free to practice and preach their own religions. Muslims are required to serve in the army of said Islamic state, whereas non-Muslims aren't allowed to - they pay an extra tax (Islamic tax is 2.5%) instead. So long as the tax is paid, they are considered to be full citizens and have most rights (with some rights related to the Islamic-religion obviously excepted). Islam (in the Quran) does say to kill the "disbelievers," but this is almost always immediately followed by conditionals. Generally, the conditionals will refer to "those that have invoked violence upon you" and "those that have taken your lands or people from you." And then it's directly followed on most occasions by another statement: "And God doesn't forbid you from making peace with those that aren't fighting you and haven't taken your property." So Islam demands the presence of a non-Secular entity (not dis-similar to the Vatican) which gives preference to Muslims, but does not require that there be a "Islamic World Order" and domination of the planet. Within the Islamic empire, non-Muslims are free to practice their own religions and their rights to do so are protected by Islam and outside its boundaries other countries are obviously free to do whatever they like so long as there are no transgressions - just like modern politics dictates. It's important to note that in the history of the Islamic empire, there were great periods of tolerance and coexistence with the non-Muslim world. Take, for instance, Jerusalem when it was handed off from Christian hands to the Caliph Omar some 15 years after the spread of Islam. They would trust it to one other than the Caliph himself, and it was understood & accepted by both sides that it would remain - like the rest of the Islamic empire at the time (with the city of Makkah, where only Muslims are allowed to reside, being the exception) - open for Christians and Muslims alike without fear of religious prosecution or interference - and so it did. I'd like to point out that these reasons also apply to things other than products. In particular, going through that list it struck me that those points covered pretty most of the reasons I had for leaving online communities of one sort or the other. I'm not referring to just Web 2.0 environments like Digg or Reddit but rather to just about any online group of 3 or more people. From forums to mailing lists, these reasons all play a role. I find bug trackers satisfying I didn't, at least not until I started using Atlassian Jira to track bugs in our open source projects. What a difference a nice, organized system can make! If anyone is dissatisfied with their current bug tracking systems I highly recommend Jira - Atlassian gives out free licenses to non-profit and open source organizations; and it's a really great product. I did too, right when he posted it.... It's a youtube video without even some commentary to justify the blogspam. Mostly in the fourth, some in the third. Guess I need to brush up on my data structures and learn some Erlang. Speed can be easily benchmarked. Security can't. CakePHP is slow, sorry. Speaking from experience here, having rewritten WordPress from scratch and tried a number of frameworks before just biting the bullet and writing my own. PerformancePress: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/wordpress-performancepress-and... However, speed in web-scripting languages isn't the kind of thing you notice until it starts to give you trouble. Projects get started and finished, tested and deployed, and only after the real traffic starts coming in that the dismaying results turn up.... so while CakePHP may not feel slow, that doesn't mean it isn't so. Stranger still is the "usa" substring.... I had to read it twice to get the actual text :) It looks like we're going to be wishing the GHz wars were still going on pretty soon.... All my software is multi-threaded, but not in a way that would make it any faster on 200 threads than maybe 4 maximum. It's not (as Ars makes it seem) an issue of my deciding to split the code into only 4 sections; it's a matter of launching new threads when you need them instead of whenever you can just for the hell of it. For instance, my usage of multi-threaded code is to to keep the UI alive and responsive while firing off threads in the background to accomplish different things. A thread for each independent procedure being done in the background - but the problem is that there simply aren't enough procedures happening at once to go around! Not all programs are just a single big mathematical problem being analyzed that can be split to an arbitrary number of threads, most of the time, most of the software, you just can't spread your code to an infinite number of CPUs - it would be stupid to even try. Instead of getting into a pissing contest over core counts (anyone remember the tri-core AMDs?!?) the chip giants should be focus on better instruction sets, improved pipelining, lowered energy consumption, and - yes - even faster clock speeds... just not at the cost of performance as they had in the past. Sorry? You're linking to the same page? There is no such thing as downvoting stories. Welcome to Hacker News. Windows is a great platform for Open Source development. Microsoft has welcomed open source software to their platform (after all, free software is a good way to get people to use your paid OS) and has made it pretty easy (despite the closed-source nature of the platform itself) for developers to embrace Windows as an alternative open-source platform. It's not as surprising as it seems - given that Windows is the world's most popular OS, it makes sense that famous open source projects like Firefox have great portions of their userbase firmly planted in the Windows world. However, I am puzzled as to the author's choice of software for that list.... None of the 20 products he mentions would have made it to my top 100 list of greatest open source software for Windows. When editing a post, pressing from within the text-input box changes the focus to the "Help" link instead of the "Submit" button. Can this please be changed, because it's slightly disconcerting and not user hacker-friendly? PGP Desktop has the only true "this message will self-destruct" feature, as far as I've seen. PGP encrypted messages. Opened in a secure viewer. No copy and paste. No easy screenshotting (dx10 overlay if I'm not mistaken - bypassable, of course, but decent anyway). Close it and it's gone. Why does everyone assume that every single online service or website launched has only one end-goal and that is to make money? Especially seeing as these comments are made on HN - a decidedly money-making-free site itself. This is really interesting - shows just how little we know about how the brain processes thinks like speech... especially the part about her not realizing she was speaking any different - basically, her "baseline accent" was adjusted to her post-stroke accent. I stopped reading the second I reached this: Gates' philanthropy for health care for poor countries has won some people's good opinion. The LA Times reported that his foundation spends five to 10% of its money annually and invests the rest, sometimes in companies it suggests cause environmental degradation and illness in the same poor countries. I've just lost all my respect for Richard Stallman. He's a total ass if he thinks he can make FSF look good by bashing the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation by spreading what qualifies - by Stallman's own definition - as FUD. Update: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/richard-stallman-expert-in-the... Gates didn't steal his money - he made it a way that Richard Stallman happens to disapprove of... there's a big difference. Gates took his capitalist profits and put them to good use treating malaria in 3rd world countries - doesn't smell like the mafia or organized crime to me; but what do I know. As I said - nothing is foolproof these days; and, besides, there are easier ways like using DX10 image-caputre programs. If you're a real programmer, you're using an IBM Model M... which is a switch :) Anyone else getting Mercury Rising flashbacks? The Economist is the one that originally published the research, 2 months ago. Here's their take, with graphs & numbers: http://www.economist.com/science/displaystory.cfm?story_id=1... I'm not being pig-headed, but honestly, I have yet to hear a good reason why I should switch to a system where I'm no longer in control of my comments and don't get any of their SEO value. I spent years building up my blog and its readership, I've worked really hard to get the people making the comments, and I've spent a hell of a lot of work writing the story that gets people to comment... but I don't get the Google search results, I don't get why anyone would want to part with such an important asset. IMHO, with Disqus, the blog author always loses. Change the name associated with your email account to your email address. For the same reasons that universities stopped teaching Fortran and Pascal: They've been replaced by newer, better alternatives. God, someone needs a better UI metaphor than those hideous slides! GPS data is as close to "free" as you can get. It's a one-way satellite-to-earth transmission; bandwidth speeds are huge, and the size of the data transferred is minimal. Consider the number of free satellite TV broadcasts. Take into account the sheer size of the hi-def audio/video feeds. Compare that to a latitude/longitude packet sent from a GPS satellite.... see what I mean? Sorry, I don't see anything exaggerated about intentionaly trying to hurt epileptics to "make them aware of the precautions they need to take." NYTimes is really getting along with the times.... I'm rather impressed :) Excellent article, btw..... I wonder if it's possible to find out who Delta hired to design their system (if it's not in-house, that is) What?! Hobbes doesn't actually talk??? Moooooooooooooooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmm! Thanks. It's actually much funnier than the one in the OP. Javascript: Stop Using It There are many compelling reasons to stop using such a badly-implemented and rather-demented language; but unfortunately there are no compelling alternatives. Only Google has it shit-listed, therefore Firefox does too by extension. Opera 9.5 and IE 7 (both w/ phishing detection as well) don't flag it. Google's malware detection engine has been known to be off plenty of times before - lost a startup I know a month's income because some bad sites were linking to them, before they apologized and undid their blacklisting. If you can get away with it, a webapp. Given Apple's restrictions on 3rd party software, a webapp gives you the most freedom and future compatibility though it does mean sacrificing the beauty and elegance of native code. Still using iframes, I see. I think someone that offers the same end-user functionality as Disqus but gives the bloggers the benefit of hosting their own comments (non-iframe is important, perhaps behind-the-scenes server-to-server communication instead of client-to-server communication as I suggested on their own blog) would kill Disqus almost instantly. Your server's really slow from here - some pages timeout when loading. Is everything OK? I don't get it... so many articles explaining how to do something so simple - so long as you're not doing something you absolutely despise or is terribly boring, it's just a matter of making a conscious decision to remain awake despite the time.... Many times I find my alarm clock ringing its wake-up call while I'm still hunched over my PC churning out the code, because I'm in love with what I'm doing and couldn't let it go just so I can sleep. It's not as dramatic as the article makes it seem. XML is and was a great solution far a huge number of things. Overexcited developers were tad too eager to put it to use for things outside its true scope (regardless of what it was marketed as), and now they're realizing that there are better alternatives for those particular applications . XML was and still remains an excellent solution for the problem it originally solved: a joint human and machine readable markup language. Do they really expect us to believe that they couldn't get AT LEAST a decent photo of the damn thing? I mean, a cell phone's camera has higher resolution than that 10-dollar-webcam image capture... yet they expect us to believe they've had it for 2 months! More importantly, what the fsck is this doing on TechCrunch?! I hadn't but I did later - my point still stands. I've pulled group all-nighters before, and - again - you needn't do anything different than during the day. A pizza around 2am is good for the stomach and great for the morals :) Yeah, because Edison gave up after a couple hundred failures. That's why it's so dark in here. Current fbChat loads are really bad. I believe there's some sort of prioritization going on - connecting from a "3rd world" ISP to Facebook gives me some really bad lag and disconnects, while going through a VPN (server in LA) provides much better response times. If it were just this one ISP, I'd blame it on them; but in my months of using fbChat, I've noticed some clear scaling problems for their "real-time" service compared to the other, more static parts of their site. Obviously this isn't a scientific study in any way, but fbChat has always been a bad performer. Actually, it makes tons of sense. Amazon is the king of online book sales. They're connected to the world's publishers and authors and they're really enjoying their position above everyone else. If the way we view eBooks were to change, if eBook prices were to reflect their true costs, the entire online book industry would be shaken.... it most likely will happen, sooner or later, but Amazon (smartly) doesn't want to be the one to instigate such an upheaval that would leave them in a risky situation. It's very likely that should such an event occur, they would adapt and remain the kings of online media sales - but it's a risk that they don't have to take - they're already at the top so it's nothing to gain and everything to lose. They're trying to shape the emerging market by their own hands in their own way, a step at a time, to ensure that they'll always be safe. I used to wish the same until I became a C# fan. If you'll ignore for a moment it's platform-specificness, it's a great compromise between Python (w/ regards to ease of use and productivity) and C++ (in terms of performance and some other things). More managers than developers, huh? That's actually scarier. The bad news is, soon enough you'll realize that your entire codebase has been switched over to the extensions and Python isn't really doing anything anymore :) Yeah, because the Mormons' must totally admire all the flirting and poking that takes place on Facebook, right? ;) This is the second headline in recent days that's made me go "hey, I already knew about this!" I had a ring-necked parrot who, upon seeing himself in the mirror, would instantly burst into the most beautiful song; with sounds that I'd never heard him make before - not in the presence of humans or other birds. The second headline ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/7541633.stm ) - "Dogs Can Catch Humans' Yawns" claiming that dogs are contagious to humans yawns (an indication of perception and empathy) which is something that I've seen in friends' pet dogs and my own cats for years now, and assumed it was just one of those things everyone knew but no one talked about. Makes one wonder, if these scientists spent a bit more time in "the real world" and less in their books and papers if we couldn't relieve some of our ignorance about the world around us. I motion that this bit of art be kept, in admiration for its sheer brilliance and hacker-appeal. If you guys really need to disable JS-injection for security purposes, at least leave "arglebargle's" in place. I had an African Grey too - it wasn't at all interested in its reflection. But it was intelligent. If the phone rang, it would say "Hello?" in the voice of the person next to the phone, then proceed to "converse" with itself. Someone's getting desperate. I mean, hiring a comedian to make your OS look good? That's not a good sign, is it? I mean, it's an OS, not a gaming console. I don't want it to be funny, hip, cool, or otherwise "in" - if that's what I had wanted I'd have switched to Mac a long time ago. What I want is an OS that... works. But it seems that I'm asking for too much, so now I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place (win32 systems developer, who really prefers Ubuntu as an OS). Sorry, but that's not the case for everyone. I bought a new PC specifically because I attributed Vista's poor performance to my old PC's poor specs; but the new PC is almost exactly the same performance.... though it's way out there as far as specs are concerned. Vista x64 SP1 running on a WD Raptor 150, 8GB of RAM, a E6750 running at 3.2GHz - and still terrible performance. XP on this machine flies like crazy, and Ubuntu is great. Only Vista can manage to take so long to copy files to and from my USB drive, spend half an hour to empty the recycle bin, or move a file over the network - it's I/O performance is a serious hole-in-the-tub kind of affair. (Note: I'm a Windows guy. Ubuntu is my preferred OS/distro; but I'm on Windows 90% of my time thanks to my job (which I love) as a systems engineer for Windows platforms.) Well, Apple has long made its "bang" by focusing on what's cool. While their products also do just work and tend to get the job done, their cash comes from the fact that it's cool to get the job done the Mac way . Microsoft's "name" comes (came?) from reliability in the business industry, where code you wrote almost two decades ago DOS 5 would run on Windows XP today (assuming you used their APIs for everything). Windows 2000 was a fast, snappy, and efficient OS that got the job done. Windows XP has a bit more "homey" but as the years passed and the service packs came in, it grew to fit that same role. Windows has never been advertised as a truly "fun" OS until Vista's "the WOW starts now" campaign; unfortunately, I get the feeling that they're turning to the hip crowd because they've failed to stand out in any other way. From performance to reliability, Vista has flopped (I'm using it now, fulltime) - so they're looking for anything else that may save them some face. So while it's no biggie for Apple to start advertising through Sienfeld, it is for Microsoft who have never been the sort of people to do this kind of thing. Can people please stop using "software" and "webapp" interchangeably? I realize most members here are founders of startups that deal with webapps, but there are some startups that deal with traditional desktop applications - true "software," who share similar interests. That said - I wonder which of these two approaches is better for desktop software development. I'd imagine the fact that a user has installed your software is a "hook" of sorts - they're easier to reel in than website visitors which can escape rather more easily. Thanks for bringing this to the light. I'm sorry to say that Firefox has become more about the marketing and less about the code - they're too worried about looking good in the benchmarks and raising their mass-market appeal than about true good code and user experience. From JS benchmarks to SSL certificates ( http://royal.pingdom.com/?p=339 ) to false advertising of FF3's memory consumption ( http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/firefox-3-is-still-a-memory-ho... ) - it's all going downhill. -3? Looks like I'm the only desktop developer here then. My bad. Number 7. Commodore Amiga 1000 (1985) That particular model wasn't my first PC, but it lead right up to it. Long live Amiga :) Honestly, this is one of the most well-written and well-researched articles I've seen on TechCrunch in a long time - excellent read, very interesting stuff there! 2.5 cm give or take a certain error is nothing. According to many sources*, people are taller in the morning than when they turn in at night - up to 1 inch more! Keeping in mind that 2.5cm is not even an inch, this is indicative of absolutely nothing - nor does it even meet the burden of suspicion. http://encarta.msn.com/column_questiontaller/why_are_people_... http://www.eorthopod.com/public/patient_education/1441/is_it... I'm torn between upvoting the submission and flagging it... It's blogspam - linking to the "best post on latency." But then again, that is the best post on latency I've ever read. This is one of Mozilla's problems right now: it leaks like crazy so how are you ever going to know if you just added to the problem? Precisely. You should worry about memory leaks so you don't have web browsers using up 800MiB while doing absolutely nothing and not using any plugins: http://neosmart.net/gallery/v/apps/Firefox/Firefox+Hole.png.... Then again, when you're leaking several hundred MiB per tab in Version 2, you can fix up a memory leak or two, halve the problem, then go around claiming "extraordinary improvements to memory management" come version 3. Oh, wait..... It is very basic - but then again, just about any concept in coding is when you look at it from the perspective of the principals involved. But take something basic (a malloc command) - pass the object around back and forth, left and right, across multiple classes and libraries, casting it this way and that, and you'll realize that you've got objects that aren't being freed right - and when you attempt to free them, you're application will crash since other bits of code need access to what you just trashed from the memory. I'm not defending the FF team - I think they've done a terrible job managing memory in their browser... but it's an understandable mistake and doesn't come from ignoring the rules so much as it is not picturing the entire codebase in your head when passing objects around. For what it's worth: we're .net with loads of traffic (15MM+ per month), been around for 4 years now, and never had any problem with the fact that the .com isn't ours. As a consumer? * Flickr * Amazon Prime * NOD32 subscription * S3 * NewsDemon As a business? * JIRA * Confluence * Fisheye * vBulletin * JungleDisk * S3 As a consumer? * Flickr * Amazon Prime * NOD32 subscription * S3 * NewsDemon As a business? * JIRA * Confluence * Fisheye * vBulletin * JungleDisk * S3 With regards to number 2: That's a bug and a security vulnerability in particular browsers.. So, useless, yeah, but not by design. So Internet Explorer is the only browser to attempt to address XSS by properly implementing HttpOnly cookies (by blocking access to the response headers)? Quite disappointing! Dammned if you do, dammned if you don't No, it's doable - BUT not the way they're marketing it. As a pure gadget and not a PC, it's very possible. Take out the touch screen, add a keyboard, use ARM instead of x86, and you're all set. I blogged about it in detail here: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/what-the-techcrunch-tablet-sho... How do you propose that one types an email? Enters a web address? Go it iPhone style?! And why would you need a touchscreen to browse the web? The only things you would do on a website are enter the address, scroll, type into forms, and click a link. A touchscreen only addresses the very last of these, while a keyboard deals with all of them. A button on the side of the screen - or a vertical touchpad even - would easily solve the button problem. Google Affiliate Network It's an incorrect assumption that you can't work on a startup while working at a company. If you have a boring 8 hour day job, you still have sixteen hours left in the day. The first 8 hours may be mind-numbing and leave you exhausted and incapable of independant thought, but focus hard enough and you can get a decent 6-8 hours for a quality coding spree at minimum . You just have to get used to the work. On that subject (more or less): Can anyone recommend a good, reputable online stock brokerage? What else do they have? Project Indiana. Perhaps more importantly for us - how does this effect publisher ? Can we expect eCPM rates to go up since the AdWords rates have been raised? Will it be noticeable? But those who ventured into science, basically up until 150 years ago, were usually royalty or similar, with incomprehensible wealth, and obedient (and often violently oppressed) subjects. As a matter of fact, that was not the case in the Islamic empire - the government had encouraged independent research and learning and funded it quite extensively, which is the biggest reason it was such a scientific boom period. It's quite astonishing how far they've fallen, because at the peak of the European medieval times, the Islamic Empire had been encouraging this sort of scientific research and study like crazy. Perhaps most famous of all are the scientific libraries of Baghdad which once held volumes of literature and research pertaining to medicine, literature, physics, chemistry, and biology; and were made available (mostly) to all. Invasions and wars in the region, along with the decline & fall of the Islamic Empire brought an end to that golden age of science and knowledge which is really sad because in that short period of time a lot of knowledge was discovered and contributed, lending to the future discoveries by European scientists in Calculus, Chemistry, Medicine, and more. It's running under CrossOver, which is basically a paid version of Wine/Darwine.... which means it doesn't really count. Sponsored by the Empire. See my other comment for the long version. Islam is a religion - religions don't fund anything :) But I assume you meant the Islamic Empire itself, so in that case: The Mongol invasion was the beginning of the end, to use a cliche. The Islamic Empire was indeed "borrowing" the talents of the people they conquered, but (the majority of) the accomplishments only took place after the conquest by the Islamic empire. More importantly than who did the thinking (it was basically a mixture of different cultures and races, the majority of which were not native Arabs) is the fact that that sort of scientific expeditioning was not discouraged and that the scientists were given as close to free reign as possible. Contrasted with the Holy Roman Empire and the Catholic Church's aversion to scientific discovers (Galileo anyone?) you can see that the Islamic Empire played the role of encouraging godfather quite well. Obviously it's not the government nor the religion that makes brilliant people, rather it just sets the stage for the accomplishments to take place. It's a common misconception that the Islamic Empire == Arabian Empire, since the empire dictated that anyone to enter the folds of Islam would be considered the same "class" of citizen regardless of race or culture (and history can attest to the enactment of these beliefs) - it was the non-muslims that were considered to be second-tier citizens with respect to certain freedoms. Keeping that in mind, Persian or Arab or Kurd doesn't really matter..... But anyway, here are just a couple of famous Arab-Muslim scholars: Ibn al-nafis, Ibn Khaldun, Ibn Battuta, Al-Kindi, Ibn Al-Haythan, Averroes/Ibn Rushd, Ibn Yunus, Ibn Al-baitar, al-idrisi, hunnayn bin ishaq, jabbir bin hayyan....... Full list is here, you can click through to see the ethnicity of these scholars: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Muslim_scientists Read it again, more carefully. You'll see that it's correct as-is. what does it have to do with "don't be evil" What does Google have to do with "Don't be evil?" Photobucket's pulled the images. Anyone have a cache somewhere? Thanks, much appreciated. It does here.... http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/wikileaks.org Reminds me of the dialysis machine for babies that was up here a while back: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=267510 Why are you all assuming no one notices this feature? The improved and very productive in-line search is one of the first things I noticed about Chrome, it's just plain awesome. Anyway, the earmark of good UI is that nifty features are there when you need them, and when they manifest themselves they're helpful. Features that get in your way when they serve no purpose only serve to clutter and bloat; so props to the Chrome team on this one. I know people on the IE development team that use Macbooks (running OS X) as their primary machines - it doesn't mean a thing. This was just flagged as [dead] a little bit ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=309558 Password Reset is one of the best reasons to embrace OpenID. While there are many lesser reasons and even some against using it, the weakness of password resets (as demonstrated in the Palin email crack) scream for the adoption of some sort of decentralized, user-in-control authentication mechanism. When you only have one password and you use it everywhere, you have no reason whatsoever to lose it, and therefore no reason to need a silly password reset feature. However, it promises significant savings in bandwidth and improvements in quality over these codecs, by some claims even superior to those promised by the latest generation of codecs such as H.264/MPEG-4 AVC or SMPTE's VC-1 (which is based on Microsoft's WMV 9). Taken from: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirac_ (codec) More accurately: only one section failed in the couple of days that passed since the test run. Prior to the test run the LHC has been continuously delayed to problems and component failures. Not true - MySQL is faster than PostgreSQL, but PGSQL is faster under load. What's being argued here is that there are no technical grounds for one application to be faster than the other - they're just sendfile() whatever is requested of them, which doesn't leave much room for speed differentiation. On the other hand, database engines are very complicated beasts that do tons of stuff, each in their own way. There's lots of room for one to be faster or slower than the other depending on how they're designed, how they go about accomplishing something, and the tasks they're optimized for; in contrast with web servers where they all do the same basic task using the very same algorithms and APIs (for the most). Exactly. None of the conclusions he drew about C# or Java are especially true. C# is one of the most reliable frameworks I see, and to say that OOP scripting languages are "better" than Java/C# (as Mac is to Dos) is BS. Unfortunately, if you take a look at the Apache source code you'll see that a ton of hooks are inserted into the entire process all over the place, adding a ton of useless calls that don't benefit you anything in exchange for allowing certain uber-cool tricks to be done in the future by other devs, but unfortunately affecting their own bottom line. It's really neat, but your domain name really needs to be thought through.... Bug: When searching for articles that redirect to a different article on Wikipedia, the results for the redirected article are displayed. My search: "NeoSmart Technologies" On Wikipedia this redirects to our main product, "EasyBCD," which is what DuckDuck returned... But really, really nice ideas going on there, it's very information-centric verses link-centric, sort of like a powerset that works. I felt the same way, until I tried coding on Mac. Believe me, if Apple ever got big enough to warrant government inspection, they'd get torn to shreds. Have you ever tried to see how OS X works under the hood? Hooked into the OS at boot level? Tried to modify low-level procedures? Not surprised - they've managed to sort out the majority of their performance/reliability problems since the last round of money raising which was dedicated solely to that problem. Why is this a problem? Same exact thing here - I consider myself to be a pretty religious Muslim (pretty religious != fanatic or terrorist, btw), and that's never been an issue with regards to hacking away at the console.. and I'm always up for a nice philosophical (non-prejudiced) discussion at the appropriate time and venue :) Same here except we switched to our own home-brew server to serve static and PHP files in-tandem with IIS. Lighttpd was and still is amazing, but the lack of direction and precise management with regards to the 1.5 release has really hurt their fanbase. I was taught Spanish in second grade (Sacramento district public school system) and can roll the R's just fine - I believe I was 6 or 7 at the time. I'm still waiting for the downright trivial "bottom-posting" Labs application - it can't take more than a couple lines of code to have GMail set the caret below the quoted text, and have those couple of empty lines that Gmail generates appear after the text as well. A new location-aware chat startup comes up at least once a month, and to date all have failed. (No, 10,000 registrations does NOT make a successful chat startup) These startups need to stop re-hashing the same thoughts over and over, and deliver an appealing product that works. No one has, and I'm starting to doubt anyone will. The only thing that will ever replace a Cat-5 cable in the forseeable future is a wireless spec that works. Personally, I wouldn't worry too much about retrofitting a Cat-5 jack to transmit WiFi data :) Both as a developer and as a university student, I can testify that this is certainly true. Good and spammy apps alike have suffered greatly, and the FB Platform is deader than ever. Did you bother reading the article? The US Army flew B-36 bombers with live, running, and fully-functional nuclear reactors on board that produced enegry and proved beyond the shadow of the doubt that it's both doable and feasible - albeit the fact that they the B-36 bombers themselves were powered by kerosene despite the availablility of nuclear power since it wasn't intended to be anything more than a proof-of-concept flight. Technically the reactors could be encased in materials proven to be unbreakable at these lower altitudes.... then the only danger would be high-altitude crashes in which case the reactor parachuting would be an answer... except you can't guaranteed the parachutes would be in working condition after a _________ miles up in the air. A normal engine failure could be rescued from, but, say, a mid-air collision at high-altitudes between two planes (regardless of how unlikely it may be) may leave the reactor rescue and parachuting systems in no condition to guarantee a safe ejection. While I whole-heartedly agree, I do feel the need to point out that quality massage chairs aren't even remotely "cheap" by any standard.... if they were, I'd be sitting on one right now! :D Did you read my comment before replying to it? albeit the fact that they the B-36 bombers themselves ______were powered by kerosene_______ despite the availablility of nuclear power since it wasn't intended to be anything more than a proof-of-concept flight Yeah. The lunar year is 351 days, as-is the case with the modern Islamic calendar. If that were me, my reply would be to go out and by another DEC :) Another interesting tid-bit for the comments: The year 1582 didn't have Oct. 5th through Oct. 14th (inclusive). They just skipped from the fourth of October to the fifteenth! As a programmer who has troubled himself with designing sites and CSS from scratch for the past 6 years and hating every minute of it... I found this approach highly refreshing. I've fought my charset battles, stayed up endless nights arguing with the W3C validator whilst comparing the pros and cons of each stylesheet, manually converted paper designs to both CSS and table-based layouts, and done a hell of a lot of toil I could most certainly do without. At the end of the day? My months of deliberation and constant change of doctypes, my incessant searches for a good -free layout that both scales the way I want and is flexible to new content.... all were really not worth the effort I put into them. Now, if I want to design a new site from scratch (God forbid!), I will do as the OP suggests and just go with the flow. Let someone else worry about the hacks and incompatibilities, I just want to get my content out there in a way that doesn't look like I plucked it out of my rear end and get back to my server-side programming. Actual link: http://google-code-updates.blogspot.com/2008/10/google-moves... It's pretty BS... Software built around OpenID needs to be rewritten to detect when http://username@domain.tld/ is entered as a OpenID login and if it's @gmail.com address, contact Google's OpenID servers. From the comments on the original story at Blogspot: This is because http://username@domain.tld/ is a valid URL and can thus be used as an OpenID. The problem is that while that may very well be a valid URI, it's not a standard URI and OpenID software hasn't been written to use this kind of mechanism. To make matters even worse, there is no OpenID server set up at gmail.com - servers need to put a special case for when the @tld.com matches gmail and contact the appropriate OpenID servers in that case.. it's basically Google demanding that you authenticate their users on their terms. Test results for OpenID: http://openidenabled.com/resources/openid-test/diagnose-serv... http://openidenabled.com/resources/openid-test/diagnose-serv... EDIT Here's the link to the Google OpenID documentation for developers, it's even more bloated than I thought: http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/OpenID.html You need to ask Google to give you the URI to the OpenID endpoint for a given account. Each account has a different OpenID endpoint, and different incoming requests are routed to different endpoints.... And I quote: 3. The web application sends a "discovery" request to Google to get information on the Google authentication endpoint. This is a departure from the process outlined in OpenID 1.0. 4. Google returns an XRDS document, which contains endpoint address. 5. The web application sends a login authentication request to the Google endpoint address. This action redirects the user to a Google Federated Login page. They're being pretty damn cavalier about using an OpenID that's not really OpenID in the first place. It's breath-takingly beautiful (and even more so in person), but the stitiching isn't so great around the waterfall... :( Since the water (obviously) moves, along with the mist and the spray, there are clear discrepencies between the panorama's input photos. This is quite brilliant... I've always felt the issues described in the article w/ regards to political correctness and turning a blind eye to certain legal but immoral practices in the voting system affect poll accuracies, sometimes rather heavily; but never thought to consider the gambling market as an alternative.... Really great read, especially the history of gambling and the elections. Currenly betfairpredicts.com has Obama's likeliness of a win 92% to McCain's 08% (don't ask how :P). Interestingly enough, fivethirtyeight.com shows similar figures - that's another really good and accurate resource. "experts" you mean. Also, unlike other kinds of donations, bone marrow transplants are a bit more taxing on the donor. It's a painful procedure that requires a hospital stay for donor and recipient, and it's really complicated. To put things in perspective, it's physically easier to donate a kidney than bone marrow. Google is still hiring, got an email from them today. the deck of the bridge has just recently been connected over the valley below and is so high above the ground that you could fit the empire state building underneath it, and still have 360ft spare. No, they're referring to the distance from the lowest point in the valley... so, yes, the plank over the well would be on-par with this Chinese innovation. They're largley intended for desktop application development... thanks to the OP - these'll certainly come in handy. Well it certainly does seem you get what you pay for - the icon drawer sets are of a much higher caliber than these... then again, both the Fugue icons (linked in story) and Silk are free and certainly of excellent quality... 1and1 - though I wouldn't ever buy hosting from them. At the point where the only thing to describe your feelings is "Content." Anyone have any insight on how exactly Six Part benefits by closing down Pownce? If Twitter bought Pownce to kill it, I'd understand... but what's in this for Six Apart? Flagged as FUD. Seriously, read the other links... the whole thing is just flamebait. many/most hackers don't have a problem with multiple tabs.... or they just use Evolution/Mail/Outlook instead :) I'm doing it now... Google App cookies and GMail cookies are different. Granted when I attempt to log in to a Google application other than GMail the cookies do collide.... but that's the point of multiple web browsers :) There's no such thing as lazy money. It's a really well-written and well-researched article.... been a while since I've been this impressed by a Coding Horror article's fleshing out the details and stuff! :) Very interesting read... and ingenious idea. No. (Just to turn this into a poll - here's the second option!) This reminds me of a killing robot developed for the Israeli Military and completed last year: http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/viper-the-israeli-murder-machi... Not without switching around the address lines, at the very least. I'm in Jordan, one of the countries serviced by the Sea Me lines (though for some odd reason it's not listed in the reports online), and several hours I called my ISP to complain about Net speeds are back to normal now, though response times are still a bit off. What kind of internet connection do you need to host at home? No. Wait. You code in a sans-serif non-fixed-width font!? The irony: CNN reports 2008 is one of the worst holiday seasons ever for retailers across America: http://money.cnn.com/2008/12/26/news/economy/holidaysales_fi... My respect for Mike Butcher has gone up considerably with this post. I'm sorry, what's so special about this? It's a series of half-rectangular prisms (basically non-equilateral 3-sided pyramids) sticking out of a surface, folding onto one another. 2 of these sheets == 2 star thingies. Unfold + press together == rectangular cubes. Big deal? I think not... Slow news day I guess, what with it being New Years Day and all. I predict I'll (finally) get married :) John Carmack FTW. Honestly, Google really bungled-up the acquisition :( Nick was a great guy and FB was awesome, it's a damn shame Google did it the way they did (I "lost" 200k subscribers overnight for one month until they got their MyBrand going again, they dropped half their services, logins to their site didn't work for over 2 weeks off and on.......) Any idea when PC-BSD will be updated to match the 7.1 release? Forget civilian women. Doctors from the Red Cross, the Doctors without Borders association, the UN, and others in Gaza providing aid have described the burns on the affected victims, many of which arrive at the conclusion that these burns can only be had as a result of white phosphorus. Take a look at this Creative Commons documentary by AlJazeera (forget their bias, just look at the facts presented by authorities in the video): http://cc.aljazeera.net/asset/language/english/gaza-white-ph... Summary of clip: Israeli bombing with bombs of white flames. Children’s playing with the phosphorus fires from the bombs burning. Women speaking about the bombs being dropped and the burns it has caused. Young man with burnt wounds. Man in hospital. Doctor Medhath Abbas speaking. Israeli bombing with flames. Marc Garlasco speaking about the use of white phosphorus. Voxpops. Wide view of bombs bein used. Women crying. Fumes from the bombs dropped. Children playing with the flames of phosphorus. Aymen Mohyeldin PTC Actually I personally agree with you. But my aim was to get the point across, so I was covering all the bases :) Up-modded for the multiple THGTTG references :) Like this one, you mean. That's the BMP spec you're describing right there, except with ASCII bloat. So, no thanks. I'm sorry, Mark, but there's a ton of open-source CRM software written over the weekend and published in a matter of days. As a matter of fact, if you'll go through the backlogs here at Hacker News you'll see a large number of "Game/Site/Tool/Language Written, Released in 3 days!" stories by members of this very community... in languages from C# to Lisp to Java to C and even ASM. It could (theoretically) make any data gathered during that log session illegal in a court of law, depending on how it's worded. While EULAs are on shaky legal ground, they do at least give you some form of protection that a good lawyer can use to invalidate a case on technical grounds. You're assuming they're "very talented people..." but that's not necessarily the case. Given Microsoft's size and breadth and the fact that they've been hiring and not firing all these years, it's to be take for granted that they've gathered a number of people that are as brilliant and talented as they'd like over the years... so perhaps this isn't as bad as it seems. The original video of Steve Gass sticking his own finger into the table-saw: http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/325071/6bb3c29d/time_warp_ci... (the one on CH is of a hotdog... this one is of a real, live human digit!!!) Can this device communicate via USB during runtime or is the USB port only there for programming purposes? To answer my question: The Teensy's USB port is multi-purpose. If the HalfKay bootloader is activated (via a push-button on the board), the USB port is used for firmware-manipulation purposes. HalfKay lives on the EEPROM. Once the device is powered off then on, the USB port is used as a normal communication device and can be fully utilized to speak with the PC or other USB peripherals. USB communication code is in your program and lives on the FLASH. In the case of web browsers, we don't even SEE the stuff that comes after the # So it's not like putting "@someone" instead of "#someone" but rather like putting "" instead of "#someone" See the difference+ You can't kill Craigslist with that UI. What makes Craigslist "just work" is the simple, bloat-free interface. It makes it easy to view large quantities of data on a single page, and doesn't make it a "chore" to browse through the site for stuff. Your UI is really way too bloated. Cut down on all the "web 2.0" look, focus on what your customers need rather than making sure your design screams "I'm a Web 2.0 Startup!" Cut down on the graphics, the crazy whitespace. Just my two cents. It's perfect if only it would work as advertised. Or rather, it was perfect until Google bought it and then it tanked. Visual studio has __int8, __int16, __int32, and __int64. Any of these can be prefixed with "unsigned" to got their unsigned equivalents. They're compatible with their stdint equivalents. Good work :) 8GB is almost barely just enough, but that article is fluff. No one has all those apps running at once, and the numbers are exaggerated. The real reason 8GB is just enough: open task manager and look at the virtual memory size for your applications. All that can be a lot faster if you have the memory to stick it in. It doesn't follow the Windows design paradigm. One of the examples in the article is the dialog boxes that cannot have their buttons pressed by using the "spacebar" key. They use their own UI controls & elements that behave similar but not identical to their win32 counterparts... in the way any non-native UI toolkit would. My point is that you're using javascript pop-up boxes for the browser itself (like the save password prompt) that don't use the win32 code nor conform to its interface behavior. The reason Mint is doing so well is quite simple: it's so damn easy to use. I just signed up now, and I was expecting to have to go through a number of loops to get it to grab the data from my multiple bank accounts, but it was a breeze. Just another step in the sign-on procedure - truly great work on minimizing the number of people that default from linking their bank accounts. And the UI is goal-oriented with a deep understanding of common tasks people want. I saw my transactions and renamed one of them..... and was about to groan how stupid this going to be, renaming everything else to match, when I saw the "rename all other instances of xxx always" option. I was floored. Great work, Mint! Not really. If your dad doesn't know about Mint, chances are he definitely doesn't know TechCrunch either. Intuit's charade was only seen by a certain demography of users, that by and large does not include Quicken-only users. Nevertheless, silly move by Intuit, I agree. I love how Mint's reply to Intuit says "Hey, we're actually growing faster than you think" and ends with an overt advertisement of Mint's services. Microsoft Research does some really exciting stuff. Most of what they do is real hackers' material, the sort of stuff you'd expect from a guy in his mom's basement or Ph.D's theses. They have some really interesting prototypes and proof-of-concept software out that can be downloaded from http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/ It's a shame that most of their research (stuff like Singularity and this IE-OS project) never see the light of day, but some of the stuff you can DL is really nifty... and rather unheard of. Something with even less fanfare: Apple actually bumped the specs on the MacBook Pro, too. http://www.macrumors.com/2009/03/03/apple-quietly-bumps-15-m... 256GB SSD options for all MacBooks, and a CPU bump to both the higher-end MacBook Pro configurations for the same price as before. What I want to know is how their algorithm looks with out the space constraints. For any compression scheme to take hold, it'll need to handle both large and small files well. Before looking at your comparison, I thought their pic looked like crap. Now it looks absolutely stunning given the comparison shots. But how would it look at 200kb? Does it compare (dis)favorably against JPEG then? Why does HN show the domain as (.kmuto.jp) with that leading dot? What a terrible URI! I wholly disagree. Entourage sucks, but Excel and (particularly) Word for Mac are even better than their Windows counterparts. Word 2008 is a masterpiece. It has a number of nice features (notebook mode is great for university students). I don't drink... ever. :) Middle East Longer pipelines proved to be pretty much a dead end with the Pentium 4. They're great and all when it comes to benchmarks and stuff, but their design has a number of serious drawbacks: 1) The control lines for a long pipeline are incredibly convoluted/complicated as necessitated by the movement of individual instructions from one stage to the other along the pipeline across many, many cycles (all of which involve storing the results of the current cycle to a register somewhere along the pipeline, adding immense overhead in today's systems). 2) Flushing longer pipelines is an incredibly taxing procedure. You either flush the entire pipeline and lose a huge chunk of work, basically throwing out several thousand cycles of work as a result of a single branch or value mis-prediction; or you can selectively clear the pipeline which is an extraordinarily difficult feat that involves keeping track of which operation in what order wrote back what data to which register... for dozens of operations. Oh, I'm not denying the merits of pipelining - no one can. I'm just saying that nothing is good when taken to the extreme. The "more interesting option" you're referring to is implemented in P4 and Nehalem under the trademark of "HyperThreading." Google is still actively hiring engineers. While they're letting go some sales & marketing people, recruiters, head-hunters, interns, and engineers are still green-lighted. I'm just going my what I've been told by G's head-hunters. Beautiful article - just in time for me to prototype my graduation project. Personally, I prefer the extremely time-consuming method of building the very first prototype on a perfboard w/ wire-wrap; just because it gives me the flexibility of changing connections then-and-there as I attempt to get a working design and only then convert to PCB. I assume the 25MM value is in the patents and research? No. Please no. So screw South Korea. I mean, China we can understand. That's a sixth of the world's population so even if their policies are absolutely retarded; there's some sense to Google listening to them in so much as it affects the rest of the world. But South Korea? Unfortunately it's absolute crap on OS X. 0.9.8 was more stable w/ hi-def 1080p AC3 MKV containers, 0.9.9 crashes so often that I've switched to NicePlayer for hi-def content. 0.9.8 didn't handle RM files properly (extreme skipping) however; 0.9.9 does. Windows Media Player + KLite Codec Pack is great. Yes, I know. WMP. It's really not that bad - what really matters are the codecs & AV processors in the background. April Fools was 3 days ago. You can grab the latest builds from here: http://nightlies.videolan.org/build/macosx-intel/?C=M;O=D He didn't really say anything new - it's all very obvious stuff. The most obvious thing though is what he didn't say: no one cares. I mean, despite all these drawbacks and the so few advantages to link-shorteners, no one is doing a damn thing to stop them. And new ones keep coming up every day. From the article: Up to 90 percent of North Americans consume caffeine products every day. About half will experience withdrawal syndrome if they don't partake. I like. Surprised to find some nice international selections on there; usually have a hard time locating some non-Western music so it's refreshing to find some good World genres out there especially in such high quality and with such a nice, clean interface. (Y) Another link "shortener" service? Don't we have enough of those in all their different shapes and colors? No thanks. Read the comments on the first link, it's a fake. When I was a child, I was leafing through Parade when I came across "Ask Marilyn" and read about her having the "world's highest IQ." Several Sundays later when I'd gotten the gist of the whole thing, I asked my mother: "but what does she do ?" I was totally and utterly perplexed. Here was a woman smarter than Einstein and Hawking squandering away her intelligence on such downright silly matters. You don't need an IQ of 230 to write a newspaper column... you just don't. It pissed me off then, but I never gave it much attention... Since then I've left the States and totally cast her out of mind. But when the topic comes up, I just shrug and guess that this is God's way of showing us that you don't need to be the world's most intelligent in order to accomplish something, because sometimes the biggest "geniuses" amongst us are the biggest idiots in reality. An IQ like that applied to literally anything under the sun other than a newspaper column could yield huge benefits to humanity. It doesn't matter what - anything she likes. History, psychology, chemistry, physics, math, computers, English, philosophy, anything . But she didn't. And that pisses me off like crazy. Because I don't have her IQ but I work day and night hoping to make this world a better place.... and there she is, showing off her IQ as if at the World Fair to make petty gains as a household celebrity, a freak of nature rather than one of the luckiest people on the planet. That would encourage them to try to generate spam comments in the slim hope that they'd get upvoted.... which would lead to a much worse spam situation. For instance, they'd employ Markov Chains to re-hash comments in a post, or from older posts, or from the text of the article. One thing I've learned: spammers don't give up. If you give them an easy way to submit that's even easier for you to clean up, that's better than starting an all-out war that'll just increase the spam content and make it more difficult to filter out. Direct download links, anyone? :D I agree that the original "Ultimate Extras" gimmick was a huge con, seeing as they didn't get anything other than an extra sound scheme and two lame games. But is it a con for people that purchased Ultimate Extras to lose them when upgrading to Windows 7? Ultimate Extras were an added-value pack for Windows Vista, they don't necessarily have to carry over to a new OS, do they? I'd imagine either is legally correct. GMail does have an API and it's called IMAP. You just need to write a wrapper class to retrieve whatever info you need from the mail servers over IMAP vs a usual data API. We're using Confluence, Crucible, Fisheye, and Jira at our non-profit startup (no one says profits have to be all about the money :) and can't praise them highly enough. They're must-haves and motivate quality software development. This is really interesting on many fronts... Google queries are trivial and dumb - they take virtually no CPU power to execute (on a per-query basis) in the grand scheme of things. But I'm trying to imagine how Wolfram Alpha will scale, and I'm not really seeing it. You can't precache results, queries require the aggregation and manipulation of huge data streams, and so on and so forth. Wolfram Alpha is going to be _expensive_ to keep up. It's good to see they've already thought of this (with their Pro offerings), but the thought of the sort of power this thing would consume if it becomes popular en masse makes me shudder. I'd ask it for the perfect recipe for a decent mug of tea. It'll hold up WA's severs for months on end, causing unmaskable interrupt that won't return until I get my tea. I'm working on integrating the Windows 7 bootloader and some of its new functionalities with Linux and OS X as a part of EasyBCD 2.0 http://neosmart.net/dl.php?id=1 The difference between IRC and everything else is the organization of it all. It's hard to track and organize real-time conversations.. they start off in one place and end up in another. And then even if that's fine, it's impossible to then categorize the results in any meaningful way that makes it easy for others not a part of the original discussion to go back and view the details of the (large) conversation. The nature of emails and other "turn-based communication systems" makes people tend to make each individual "element" of the thread a standalone entity. A single has way better odds of making sense on its own than a single IRC message... I absolutely agree with the article on this matter. While what you're saying is 100% correct, I'm now seeing first-hand (we're dealing with a bunch of new hires at our company, and I'm the most senior developer on the floor) the reasons behind this. The biggest reason is this: 9 out of 10 hires haven't yet cultivated the art of researching for themselves (we're speaking entry level programming jobs). If you give them an easy way out, yes, they do benefit more in the programming aspect in that they now have an answer and have gained a jewel of information; but they're missing out on researching for themselves. The art of looking for an answer. Cultivation of the persistence that is required of good programmers, both in searching for and implementing any given solution. These talents are worth more than the coding knowledge itself. The coding is propositional knowledge, but getting the solutions and doing it right is propositional knowledge and worth the wasted weeks. temperature averages? Yes, but they do give you an entire dump of your raw Genome that you can save to your PC... soon enough you'll be able to download a free program to analyze that data :D My MacBook changes the screen brightness and that's all I needed. If I wake up at 4am (having gone to sleep mere minutes before :P), my MacBook dutifully shows me a screen with a brightness of 1 - given, of course, that the lights are still off as they usually are. PASS column = MD5(MD5(plaintext_pass) + salt) SALT column = salt Is the way used in most distributable web applications. Absolutely. That's what Linux tends to not get: the last little details that piss off new users to no end because the last inch of the journey isn't properly implemented. Powerpoint presentations that load in OOo but don't look quite the same. Web pages that look like shit because the fonts used are the wrong size and don't render right. Files on FAT USB sticks that are in all CAPS appear as all small case. The list goes on and on and on.. And only :P It's waaaaaaaay too complicated for mass-market! I gave up and used Matlab to generate C++ libraries. Sure, this PDF should give you all the info you need: http://www.apc.univ-paris7.fr/~beau/IMG/pdf/cppmath_ug2b.pdf Scribd: http://www.scribd.com/doc/15194614/MATLAB-C-Libraries I'm looking at nedmalloc atm ( http://www.nedprod.com/programs/portable/nedmalloc/ ) and I'm really impressed by what I'm seeing there. Has anyone here had the opportunity to test nedmalloc in real life? What sort of performance benefits did you see? Any problems you ran into? I'm currently designing embedded systems in C, and am looking to get the most performance out of strained resources as possible... I'm wondering if this'll compile for AVR or not..... If SHA1 goes down, I think the world has bigger problems to worry about than Git.... The last sentence is crucial: there's no way the US Air Force would ever let the GPS satellite network fail or lose accuracy. People need to realize WA isn't some generic search engine, it's an academic one.... and must be used as such. Median and Mean are both "average." You get what you search for. Good setup, but way too expensive for what adds up to a highly-advanced NAS. I don't at all disagree with the OpenSolaris/ZFS assessment, but the hardware is a bit on the heavy side. You really don't need that server motherboard (knock 100 dollars off the price). The CPU is also overkill, and ECC RAM isn't necessary though at that price it's not exactly a bad idea either. The remaining cost is just HDs - you can knock one off the list if you use RAID-Z instead of RAID-Z2 and remember to replace a drive as soon as it goes bad. OpenSolaris itself doesn't need a full 320GBs for the OS and its software: an 80GB hard drive will suffice and then some. It's difficult to get a non-x64-capable CPU these days :) I've flagged this article as inaccurate.. Even with the numbering scheme differences, to take your peak traffic and pretend that's what you got steadily all day long is nonsense. No it's not. Sort them upon entry into the wallet. The site is back up now... You could theoretically streamline the process some. For businesses, simply verifying a link to the twitter account exists on the official website is a good step. For consumers, I don't know the easiest way - but of course, it all depends on how much they charge. Sorry for the link manipulation, but an article about Safari for Windows links to the same URI. Is that story about John Dalton true? I know he is attributed with discovering color blindness as an illness and whatnot, but I can't find any other reference about Dalton, color blindness, and christmas socks: http://bit.ly/ySNwL The best you can do is something like this: http://www61.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=israel+military+spend... But the data is really inconsistent.. Different years for different countries, different years for the population vs military numbers within countries, etc. I tried Path Finder and used it for maybe a month, but too many OS X applications are too tightly integrated with Finder and don't work with PF, such as Time Machine. Also, PF is buggy. The latest build wouldn't show mounted DMG images :S I'm hoping that the new Finder brings some improvements, we'll see. This is a giant step towards the past. Welcome to 1980. Now that I come to think of it, it actually doesn't matter for PHP. While loops limit the scope of variables inside the loop. For C++, that means a variable declared inside cannot be used outside - logical, and OOP. But PHP has no concept of privacy or scope, even its "rules" may be broken (though not guaranteed to always work) and come out with the right results. Anything will compile, and usually the results are as expected. So if you have a while loop with no concept of scope or local variables, I guess the restrictions are gone. A number of nested loops with breaks; and continues; all over end so long as the concept of limited data scope/access is not present as in PHP are exactly equivalent to goto as it is. I guess a language as, shall we say, 'relaxed' as PHP is well-matched with relaxed keywords like goto. The replacement desktop is quite good, but their "solution" for the tired SMB UI was to do away with it entirely :D You just get a list of servers. Selecting one presents you with a dialog box of available shares. Selecting one mounts it. No concept of "browsing" SMB networks exists in PF. There were the first 2 things for me as well. While it's true that no maximized windows is just a design paradigm to improve multi-tasking, it's inconsistent (Mail maximizes all the way. So does iPhoto). As for cut and paste... that's essential. But the VERY worst thing is the lack of folder merging. Copy and paste a folder to a directory with a folder of the same name, and the contents of the destination will be REPLACED not merged with the source. But how does that accomplish a 130 MP? What's special about a scanner vs a camera that lets it do that? Unfortunately, PF is even worse. After typing an IP address, the dialog disappears (it appears that the mounting of a share has terminated abruptly), and 2 minutes later (also literally) when the SMB server has been loaded, a new dialog is presented with the list of shares :-( The same way Windows does. /folder1/file1.jpg /me/folder1/file2.jpg moving me/folder1 to /folder1 should result in /folder1/file1.jpg /folder1/file2.jpg But on OS X, it only results in /folder1/file2.jpg Replace conflicting files , but not the folders themselves. Packages are treated as individual files everywhere in the Finder UI, this wouldn't be an exception. Very interesting read. I had been working on the 68K for a university project, which involved writing my own interrupt-based OS for the platform so this really hit home. @dchest: Technically, these files belong in the user-specific ~/ directory and not the package itself, according to the ADC specifications, if I'm not mistaken. I guess the simplest solution would be to use metadata to identify a package as being a package and not a folder? That way it wouldn't matter what software was installed, etc? I'm 20 and have hereditary hypertension. I've never smoked and I'm a health 160 lbs at 6ft... yet I've clocked in at 180/110 and doctors aren't sure what's causing it. Regular coffee drinkers don't experience any blood pressure fluctuations due to caffeine intake ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/2488117.stm ) Thank god for treatments, because prevention isn't always possible.... and it's not always the person's fault that they're experiencing these issues. theconundrum.com I discussed the need for a tagging standard over 2 years ago in a blog post - check out the comments on the article, they have a lot of insight to offer. http://neosmart.net/blog/2007/the-need-for-creating-tag-stan... There are a couple of comments by startups dedicated to managing/organizing tags across different sites with some of the various ideas they've used to tackle this issue. Don't understand this to be showing off or upvote as karma baiting, but I really need to say this: I've written some marvelous code and completed gargantuan projects on my lonesome, battling thousands of lines of assembly and debugging hardware circuits and stuff.... and never used. It's stupid to think your brain needs an external stimulus to be creative. You can be creative and withstand by just willing it - it's just not the easiest way out. When you take drugs you're either lying to yourself and pretending there is no harm in fucking up your brain - losing sense of priorities, time, yourself, and the world around you - or afraid of how it would feel without them. Anyone can do anything without these drugs, and I'm speaking from experience. Staying up for 65 hours straight? Been there, done that with nothing more than coffee and cold showers. Write some brilliant hacks that do something genius in little lines of code? Check. Debug memory leaks and crashes across over 100k lines of C code going to and from different dynamically-linked libraries? Check. Writing your own OS Kernel? Check. I pity those that feel you need drugs to accomplish, because that's just not true. Or just disable thumbnails when saving...... Not that it matters, but I didn't know... guess the guys at YouTube aren't alone. :P (Update, posted here: http://bit.ly/l1Lvh ) What funny side is that? I have never taken one of the attacks, defamations, etc. by people online personally nor felt in the least inclined to put an end to it all, but 4Chan strikes a nerve - what they do is pure, raw evil. I know I'm doing them a favor by posting this, that these are the very feelings they intend to elicit by their actions, but honestly, enough is enough. This is the 2nd time I am so appalled by their behavior, and one of the few times I am ashamed of the internet's privacy and the power of its denizens to do evil. The last time ( http://bit.ly/qcWDC ) was when 4Chan attacked an epilepsy forum frequented by people susceptible to photosensitive seizures, causing a dozen epilepsy attacks by uploading rapidly-moving images and flashing colors to the forum, triggering a dozen attack. Willfully bringing about seizures in handicapped people and exposing children as young as 6 years old to wholly-explicit films of adult sex are E.V.I.L. .... and more importantly, punishable by law. I hope someone wises up in the legal community and takes action against this site. Like I said, I know this is the sort of self-righteous anger that 4Chan is looking forward to receiving after these attacks, but there's a line and they crossed it a long time ago. So, do tell, where's the funny side in this? I don't see how you can call it a prank. Personally, I feel that singling out handicapped people on the web and posting images specifically tailored to bring about possible-fatal seizures in them is the very behavior of pleasure killers. At least many of the Nazi soldiers that participated in the holocaust didn't personally agree with their orders, despite what they did. But make no mistake about it, every single Anonymous member that posted on YouTube and the epilepsy forums did so of their own volition and should be tried for it. The posts to the epilepsy forum could easily be tried as attempted manslaughter. And the posts to YouTube, on an individual basis, are almost guaranteed to cover a number of lesser charges, such as distribution of sexual material to minors, lewd acts, etc. Jira & FishEye. Nope. Vista killed that off, you now have to manually install it from the DVD. Intelligent design proponents typically point at the fingerprint as something evolution doesn't well explain and proof of ID. The Muslim's Quran speaks of the fingerprint as a miracle of God's creation, pointing out the attention to the finest details as proof of God's capabilities. Not for me.. I did 440 questions, and I'm really impressed by the stats after each. I'm getting realistic numbers. I would be impressed if Facebook could just get their act together and fix the damn client. On slow connections (most of those available in 3rd world countries like Jordan where I am now), Facebook chat delivers messages with huge delays (up to 3 minutes) and out of order . You have no idea how disconcerting it is for 'real-time chat' to behave in this manner, and makes it almost unusable. Everyone here starts off Facebook conversations with "why are you not on MSN?" because it's a give that you must have a really good reason to be using Facebook's poorly-engineered excuse for a chat client instead of one of the more mature chat services that actually work as expected. The text I typed into the "AJAX" tab along with the Google results did not show up in the re-played demo w/ Safari 4 on OS X. Or take up more memory! http://bit.ly/s4cIi I didn't know that was a concern, thanks for bringing it to my attention. "But you'll never find it using boring Safari. (So get rid of it, or get lost.)" .... "Ditch the web browser you're using. If you try to find the $10,000 with Safari, you'll get nowhere." What a touching article! It's always such a relief to see the good that's still in this world amongst the daily headlines of corruption and terror. Smart that this comes out today. Yesterday, Apple's stocks jumped up 53% with the release of the new iPhone and it proved that investor's feel good about the prospects of an Apple without Jobs at its helm day-in, day-out. If this article had come out before, I think Apple would've taken a hit. ...and a loss for privacy evangelists worldwide. Sorry, I must have mis-read it or something. And 3rd, he was a child abuser himself. Downmod me only if you would have done the same while he was alive. Being dead doesn't forgive you what you've done. I second the midwest vote. Viva Chicago! :) And every day until you die, the person has to receive an email reminder from you? :P They need to merge the two.... I mean, they spell it out: you're allowed to use 2 separate accounts, one that's cheaper for $12. Obviously they make big money off of payments in the wrong bracket going to the wrong account, but the honest way of doing it and making it work would be to just choose the correct commission rate based on the value of the purchase (donation) made. Read the article you linked carefully... No where in it does it say that this behavior is intended or by design. Bott (an admitted MS lackey), explains why in his opinion it won't stop RTM from shipping, or even delay it in the slightest.... and I fully agree. The bug simply isn't priority 0. No one has Windows Update disabled these days, and this issue, as Bott well describes, won't manifest itself in any of the default configurations/options. He admits it's incorrect behavior, but works out the logic why it's not the end of the world and correctly explains that the sky is NOT falling on Windows 7, contrary to popular belief :) If they haven't upgraded to something better yet and it's FREE to replace and has been for years, what are the odds that they will pay for your service. Seeing as the majority of IE6 users are in the enterprise market... I'd say the odds are pretty good. Right. But two lines later, MS is now testing for the reproduction of the "bug" Yes. Honestly, both those fonts are terrible. Granted, nothing can match Verdana's sheer blandness and genericness; but Futura is a very.... lame font for a catalog - far too childish and silly. IMO, it was a good idea to change it, but definitely not to stick Verdana in its place. The "beautiful" part of ASP.NET is the C# and the .NET framework itself... what I meant to say is I love the language and abhor the webforms :) I don't think it's lazy to look for the hammer that fits best in your hand.... after all, if the hammer is too big for you to carry or too small for you to handle, it doesn't matter how well-fit for the job it is because to the holder it's quite useless :) I don't like the new, white UI. It clashes horribly with the rest of the (dark, grey) UI feels rather tasteless. Screenshot: http://twitpic.com/h48v1 The old UI was far, far classier. I think the third option (cocoa on OS X, carbon on Windows) is the most likely. Not really. You don't have any way of tuning to a different channel except while sitting at the PC. Yep. The new, white UI is atrocious. I grabbed a screenshot (even signed up for twitpic just to share my anger): http://twitpic.com/h48v1 Do you think the same thing exists for Word documents? Wait, so what does it look like when viewed with filters that limit it to the visible spectrum? I've been looking for a good framework to begin serious web development on for someone coming from a decade-long career in desktop development (see the discussion at http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=808191 ), and decided this release co-incides nicely with my newly-started quest and gave it a shot. I realize Tornado isn't any different from the other Python frameworks with regards to coding style, etc. but the the fact that this framework comes complete with a web server means I don't have to worry about that part of the equation making developing Python-based webapps almost identical to developing a C++ library with one of the many HTML-based UI frontends :) Having a great time playing around with it... almost done with a basic forum system built on Tornado + Storm ( https://storm.canonical.com/ ).. I think I'm getting the hang of this whole web-development thing! :D I don't know why, since I'm not affiliated with Mint in any way.... But this makes me sad :( Mint.com is such a ..... perfect product for my needs and I have so many bad memories of fighting Quicken in the past that this is such a let-down to me. 90 minutes of sleep a day is enough for "normal people" to avoid hallucinations... But doing what he's doing, I'd imagine he'd need a hell of a lot more, so you're probably right. It'll still be faster than IE8 though, even with the "patch" :D Sure he's not... He just has a tendency of taking things a wee tiny bit overboard, such as accusing the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation of not giving a damn about helping the millions in Africa: http://neosmart.net/blog/2008/richard-stallman-expert-in-the... If I'm not mistaken, the same trick you mention in "Part 2" can be used to deceive the client for any false certificate, not just a null-prefix certificate. because it's useful? 1. Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand 1. Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury And, sorry, but I have 3 "number 1 fav" books: 1. 1984 by George Orwell I upgraded from Leopard to Snow Leopard, didn't use the Guest account under SL until yesterday... thankfully I did not experience this bug. Easily millions. If you said > 1 billion, I think you'd still be in the clear. We're working on middle-size end user software and we have millions of C++ lines of code. So I can only imagine how many lines of code Apple has riding on Objective-C. I've found lulu.com ( http://www.lulu.com/publish/cd_dvd/?cid=us_home_nav_disc ) but they're crazy expensive, charging 4.50 a CD (for a bulk purchase of 1000, compared to 5.00 for up to 5 CDs). On the other hand, there's Kunaki which will press DVDs for a dollar a DVD complete with Jewel case and paper inserts... But they don't provide a marketplace. I keep seeing references to CafePress doing CDs, but I guess they stopped that particular business because I see no reference to it on their site. From the article: “The use of modems inherently introduces cyber security vulnerabilities to the systems to which they are attached.” I disagree. In a modem-to-modem connection, the system is as secure as the underlying physical infrastructure. If those phone lines are secure, so is the data being transmitted on them. And the government does have guaranteed secure phone lines between strategic bases. The minute you move from analog-based communication to digital, it is then that you "inherently introduce" vulnerabilities to the system. Between the undetected buffer overflows, the sheer pervasiveness of digital interception/intrusion tools, and the dificulties in keeping data confined in a digital network; I'd say VPN systems are at least an order of magnitude more likely to be cracked than a modem-modem connection over secure phone lines. I did it for maybe two weeks during a summer back when I was 14... Very gratifying experience, it's sort of like going to the theatre every night, except it doesn't get boring. Now I'm lucky if I read a book a week, sometimes even a month, with the amount of work I have all these years later. But I still remember that stretch where Wheaton Public Library was my best friend and a little smile comes to my face. Of course, ask me if I can remember the plot of any of those books, even in the most general of terms, and I'll be instantly stumped. Even re-reading them, sometimes I'm not sure if I ever read that book before. Apparently, the brain's simply overloaded with info and just commits everything to temporary short term memory, being unable to store it all for future reference. Flagged as misleading. Really gives zero idea what the link is about. Can't it be both at once? I love how everyone on HN is so well-versed in sarcasm. Vote parent up. Sarcasm is an art in danger of dying. Honestly, I'm more than happy with my bank (JP Morgan/Chase) staying as one big conglomerate. They certainly proved they knew what they were doing during the crisis and have managed to stay on top of things. The government doesn't have the right to punish private corporations for being too good, too smart, and too successful; though they have a huge track record of trying to do so. Not necessarily. But it shouldn't be at minus 2 :)