Doing an employee transfer to Canada is like playing a lotterey. My past employers had documents returned to them 4 times in a row for: 1. assumed type (s vs z); 2. unclear signature; 3. ESDC called them, but they missed the call; 4. person's passport was about to expire. The regulations never mentioned anything about this. The other interesting thing was omnipresent FTTT, even in rotting, century old barracks Most of business schools are a graveyards for talent IMNHO. I've heard many comments that are confirmed by my own experience that bright people enter business schools to spent few years of their life to learn very few useful skill, most of which can be learned in a month by reading "... for Dummies" style book. www.vansky.com =D But better fly to Shenzhen and go network around during property sale evenents It will be hard. Zurich only issued 17000 long term work permits last year as I remember. Most of that goes to science talent in big mncs like Ciba From my own experience, I tell you that you must. Work for a failed start-up is a black mark on a resume. It is better to quit and portray your work there as a short-term gig Another opportunity is Fribourg. IT companies there were historically more open to Eastern Europeans, but you should expect them to be high-tier outsourcing shops. Fiy, i recently came upon this company http://m.imgur.com/Hv9n7fk,55JgdgK that wants to sell ETH to Chinese. I checked the company registry, and found out that the guy has registered a proprietorship back in 2013. Apparently a friend of Vitalik >CockroachBD What a name NLP in Russian stands for "NeuroLinguistic Programming" (of gullible masses, of course) I began my career in a company called Yamin in Singapore that had a refurbished electronics business. At first, I was shocked that Americans can throw away 1 year old and even half year old goods in the dumpster. In 2.5, years time I managed to make enought money of my commission selling refurbished cellphones to Russia through Alibaba to move to Canada and enrol into college. I believe it was Apple who pressured Alibaba to prohibit listing of wholesale refurbished electronics. It would've been too unsetting for Apple's images as a luxury brand to let people realize that somebody remarkets truckloads of used ifones from dumpsters every day. Refurbished iPhones were a killer business: 1. A less than a year old phone with a defect (dumped by end users, Honhai, Apple's QC contractors) was sold for 20 to 30 USD; 2. Re-equiping a phone without charger, driver disk, or retail box did costs less than one dollar; 3. "Out-of-dumpster" phones, cleaned, and sorted by the level of "brokennes" were sold wholesale for around $50-60 USD a kilogramm; 4. "Recovered" ifones (bought out by recyclers from end users) were sold from 50 to 200 USD depending on level of wear; 5. A "full-service" that includes change of all external casing parts to new, non-original ones, reflashing, new battery, resoldered clean ports, new memory chip for phones with failing or degraded NAND flash, and bubble-wrap packaging did cost around 10 to 15 USD for small quantity orders; 6. A phone refitted to market grade A2 (identical to a phone from assembly line with less than 3 non-original parts) can be sold for up to $300 a piece. Things that The West can learn from The East: Russia/Eastern Europe: 1. Free-for-all, mixed zoning. You own the land, build whatever you want as long as it's not a munitions factory (Most of Russia, Kazakhstan) 2. Market driven, privatized public transit (Most of Eastern Europe) 3. Small city blocks that let throught traffic. 4. Market controlled access to distric heating/cooling (Yakutsk an extreme example of privatized district level utilities) 5. Higher standards for building's energy efficiency (adopted across the former Soviet block) 6. Learn how to build decent "serially produced" housing for cheap (Ekaterinburg) 7. More traffic light controlled "turn right on red" signals - an easy way to increase traffic thoughtput by double digits (former Soviet block countries) Asia: 1. learn how to build cities that are dense, but still livable (Hongkong, Singapore, Macau, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tokyo) 2. Better construction technology and materials. MgO board, light/cellular concretes, thermal stops in slabs, automated, computerized armature prefabrication, etc (Most of People Republic if China, South Korea, Russian Far East) 3. Bus rapid transit, and how to make cheap public transport really work (Guangzhou) 4. Traffic laws that are two-wheeler friendly (Taipei, whole of Japan) 5. Public daycare and early primary education (Tokyo) 6. "Public housing for regular people" (Hongkong, Singapore) 7. Incentivize people to buy smaller cars, or use transit (Tokyo) 8. Double deck, or multi leve streets (Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Chicago) >Engineering a full city from the group up sounds good but the majority of the people using the city are, well, people. People change Astana is a good example of this type of a designer city Green arrow is an additional traffic light signal that lets right turn on red. It is usually computer controlled in big Russian cities The problem is this slows the traffic in urban areas. A simple radar controlled signal solves this When the armature for the building is being prefabricated with a milimetre level precision by a CNC metalworking machine, and than assembled on site like lego. This is to minimize the amount of on-site metalwork Moscow, "a success city"... =D And yes, it is an SUV His cofounder is better to hire a good CFPA attorney before it's too late. Microsoft caters more to business and OEMs than to anythybody else. Consumer market is largely irrelevant to them. Why you sell your stuff this way, you need a good salesman. Yes, Microsoft is "uncool", but it doesn't matter to them Facebook.com, talk.google.com. A well engineered messaging protocol. I also believe it's used by automatic toll collection machines. Meizu and Bubugao roll updates weekly We need nuclear desalination and district heating Google polypropylene piping. A standard in continental Europe since eighties, added to building codes across NA just few years ago. Just use AGPL and dont bother That was a bad move, now they will be even more daring In Russia, we had people running in between desks with stacks of floppy disks and flash drives up until mid 200\ I would go after all and every license violator of any code I wrote. If Google tomorrow messes up with my code in the Kernel, I care not if they have to discontinue Android overnight. And yes, they did lobby for GPL2 Kernel. Now eat it. MopPub, AdMob - on overall they give more money than PPC networks on the web. Downside - the mobile is squirming with cheating/clickfrauding publishers, if you get banned or suspended it is "guilty until proven innocent" Oppo, BBK, Bubugao, Vivo, Oneplus are the same company PRC is a single party state. Once an order is signed, it's being done. So much for a lossy taxi company I live in Moscow, the shortest eTaxi ride costs less than USD $2 - less than what I paid for a bus ride while living in Vancouver Good luck enforcing an dmca on a website code vs a foreign company. The court history of such cases is rather funny. From cases thrown out of the court, to unenforceable defaults >leaving me looking for a new job while on a work permit as a single mother of three Uh... qq+weixin > facebook many times over even without considering that fb casually lies about the number of active users they have > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ > From ordinary users, nobody cares about the web platform on mobile. Native apps are faster > All iPhone apps are web apps (C) S. Jobs ヽ( ´¬`)ノ Ceramic ifone that shatters 10 times easier than a glass one? What is RethinkDB? loooool Ever seen an action cam called SJ Cam? It looks like an exact copy of gopro camera. Why do you think they don't sue the manufacturer? The answer is that they are their original OEM from whom they were buying rebranded products and sold them as hero cameras 1 and 2. They never signed any kind of agreement securing exclusive rights to the design. At the time they wanted to build their next generation cam from scratch, they were unnable to do anything with the fact that SJCam continued selling the original design. Not only small companies buy off-the shelf designs. Not even biggest brands shy of from banal rebranding: probably more than a half of all notebook designs are off-the-shelf design house products. Who sold Apple the reference design for the first ifone? It was Taiwanese ODM "First International Computer," and they are trying hard to conceal that fact as it will set their "designed by Apple in california" line in bad light. If somebody had access to the repair manual for the first iphone, they could've seen many references to the ODM and individual factories making sub-assemblies. Thanks, get your 50 roubles NY Times got it wrong. Chechnya was squirming with journalists through whole nineties. Most likely killers were KGB remnants. KGB conceded the media battle over Chechnya in English speaking world very early. But what they didn't like was that these journalists were revealing Russians and Russian speakers what has really happened in Chechnya. None of murdered journalists were critical of Chechens. Why would Chechens kill them? Think. the reason it failed abd the guy got fried was simple if state company records were kept off-site on a computer, it will make quiet ledger rigging and stealing from state companies harder. That would be outrageous for every commie as every commie was stealing cash from the state one way or another. I know, but I don't have it here >Why we chose Vue.js Why? This is how Russians hacked social media accounts and public emails of British MPs last year. It is assumed that they procured IMSI IDs of MPs from open sources (databases of gaming companies (this why Google lets apps to read your IMSI) or advertising cookie brokers). Then, they used Russian cell phone networks to announce a “Roaming transfer” of their phone numbers from BT to them and then used an “SMS login” and password recovery from their Snapchats/Twitters/Whattsups. Once they logged into them, it is believed that they downloaded past conversations and other data through synchronisation APIs. Back then, Google only confirmed that they did sent a recovery SMS to one account, but hackers didn’t manage to answer a security question. This probably deterred them from attempting to try the same trick on Google accounts of other MPs whose numbers they pwned, or maybe Googlers simply made that up to cover their asses. Amazingly, many cell operators don’t check the digital signature on roaming requests, nor require the roaming counter-parties to pass them through. They do that if: 1. You don't log in from a first world IP (the terminology from their user operations team), but previous logins were from them. 2. You registered from an IP in a country where they don't have access to sending SMS, but they go to a country where they have. 3. Bot detection algo flagged you, and bot detection algo are one of their crown jewels that they don't tell to support people. >It allows them to be sure that a subscriber is only using one phone at once Only on home network, everybody who knows your IMSI and have low level access to phone network can clone your identity in roaming. >$30/GB Some European operators still have cheaper roaming data plans who will give me 600m for lolgifs? I have few stacks of floppies full of them register from a voip phone number and continue getting bonus rides, some people here in Russia are riding like that for months My personal experience with Le people. Overall impression: incompetent people with truckloads of cash; well, just like any other company that managed to secure a dominant position in any market niche in China. In their case it was "Chinese soap operas on demand". My girlfriend was offered a "personal secretary" position in their Russian office. Amazingly, they appointed a Chinese C-level for their Russian office who does't speak any foreign language at all. Weighting all pros, and cons, I dissuaded her from taking it and never regretted my decision. So what do they want to push in Russia? The same Chinese soap operas, but with computer translated Russian subtitles. They ran a ~50-70 people operation in Russia for close to a year, just to invite tons of market entry consultants, make a single landing page, and do a 1 few weeks trial run of their Russian website. >The Chinese government gives approximately 0 shits about Hong Kong's silly foreign ideas That's why it must be crushed and CCP members' families flayed alive before them. A full scale airborne landing from Japan and Korea on Beijing. Finish them! What concerns the HK situation. There are only 4, possibly 3 proper military garrisons in immediate vicinity of HK. Only one hosts a modern and trained mechanised force. In case of mainlanders pulling the trigger, striking that garrison before forces stationed there will be mobilised will leave PLA with nothing that can strike on day one other than lightly equipped forces on machine gun equipped apcs/armoured cars. This will leave defenders with three threats on day one: guys with assault rifles trying to swim across from the new territories, air bombardment and assault from sea. Air attacks are inefficient in densely built up areas with reinforced concrete buildings. One can simply run into any multi-storey concrete building to hide, anything below a 1 tonne bomb can't outright destroy it. The naval landing will remain a threat. Yes, even if PLAN will send disembarked ship crews alone without marines it will be enough to outnumber defenders and overwhelm them without use of heavy weaponry. PLAN does train ship crews to double as a landing force. The likeliness of Beijing ordering the navy to capture HK using what ever means possible, at any cost is high if their land forces will be rendered impotent. The above scenario of disembarked crews being used as a land force was simulated in recent military exercises. Here, a third force intervention is definitely needed to prevent this outcome. With a cooperation of the defenders and a third party, HK will be able to stand for 3 days for sure. High displacement ships (read a big frigate sized and above) can't navigate close to the shore all around HK island except for the West Lamma Channel between Lamma and HK island. A capable pilot familiar with local hydrography can get close to land in the region of Shek O village, but the likeliness of that is low and the locations is strategically unfavourable for naval landing. This leaves the control of waters south to Bluff Head as the main concern. There, scuttled civilian ships can be used to block access to the Lamma channel and provide radar clutter to disable enemy long range anti ship weapons. A defender allied ship, can then hide in the channel behind the cover of scuttled ships to prevent landing from smaller crafts. >The Dictator's Handbook Author shows poor understanding of real world politics and cheap writing. The type of people who read such books are ones who read The Prince and believe themselves politically educated. Nya nya nya;) Ma tried to get to the West with B2C really really hard, but only got burned with the 10 Main fad store, a wasted office lease, and around $100m. wasted on online ads alone. Interestingly, their biggest operation abroad is in Russia, where they spent zero on ads. And Singapore as well before they turned from a city state to a city offshore bank. They exploited their WTO membership. Most of operations were ran like that: company imports loose goods from China at few pennies, and puts in "value" into them, most of the times just packaging with writing in English that was supposed to "cost" few dollars each, but of course the packaging was made in China for less than a penny each. This also allowed the Sg intermediary to claim expense on the stuff, reducing effective tax to single digits. Those were golden times. >underpaid Chinese workers in Italy or France Believe me or no. Italian effective tax rate for a factory business is less than that in China. Most Italian shoe and fashion goods factories in Italy are owned by Chinese these days. You can't win against clickfarmers and clickbait networks. No machine learning will save you from botters as the lion share of commercial botters live in a country from which most of the math research behind machine learning is coming from. In Russia, few people will start an advertising network startup in their sane mind, commercial scale clickfraud, farming, and botting give an order of magnitude higher returns. The term "Internet marketing business" is used mostly as an euphemerism for all of the aforesaid here. When I was living there in 2014, I made a guess that 1/3 of Coal Harbor appartments were unoccupied or unsold by counting dark windows. My guesstimates were not far from what the city hall counted in 2015. B.T.W. I'm no longer living in Vancouver Another thing about Vancouver is the staggering amount of brand new real estate being unsold for years. Every developer thinks that one day there will be a naive Chindonesian/Eastern European nouveau riche that will buy it no matter the cost. And yes, such people were coming in great numbers >gang of Russians under severe financial control Lol, what does it mean: under control until the guy opens an account under a fake id Feels like a yet another storage startup in making Aiming up to be bought by EMC in two years or so Today we have quad core socs for $4 retail. Your estimates are off. Cost per wafer is $5k for orders of 10k at 14nm. Profits of a fab always hover around 30 percents. >primary purpose of the web property," Clickfarm like other 9 out of 10 news websites Well, I wish Googlers luck. Clickfarmers, botters, and runners of industrialised clickbait networks will always be a step ahead of them. Whitehat anti-botting people are a mirror image of people who develop and sell "anti-virus" software. Not only they have a profit motive to do their shıtty job poorly, they are simply not in the same class intellectually >requires signing an NDA and spending anywhere from a few hundred to to a few thousand for a development kit. >Some of this is because the manufacturer considers the information to be proprietary and also because they not setup to support large numbers design teams No, it is what is called a pain sales tactic. You make a person to go through big pain, spend lots of resources just to get a devkit, so they would not be inclined to throw it out midproject because it sucks Wow, something that is actually useful came out of that neural network thing at Google Let's wait for Linux Millenium Edition No it isn't. A better way to state that: "Is jQuery omnipresent now? Yes. Will jQuery earn you as much money as on the peak of first gen webapps craze? No, totally no" I myself was earning CAD $90k just in plain salary at the time when jQuery craze was on its peak and when "a dedicated front-end developer" meant a jQuery developer Honestly saying, I had no realisation how shitty my code was back then, and now I feel ridiculous when I realise how much a bad dev can earn as long as he does something considered "trendy" Blatant violation of the First Sale doctrine. Class action lawsuit incoming in 3..2.. >it could dump US debt for Euro debt — a radical move, but one that would gain a lot of attention Well, most people don’t know, but China’s SAFE foreign offices were buying very rarely used securities called bond substitution swaptions with foreign currency re-factoring option against T-bills (the best English translation I can come up with) since 2008. What this paper lets the buyer to sell the T-Bill for Euro cash value of an equivalent Eurobonds if the T-Bill goes up, or swap if for equivalent Eurobonds if T-Bill value goes down. Given that such securities are not publicly traded, China gets exceptionally bad price for them as financial instruments, but gains much in peace of mind in case of T-Bill nuclear scenario. I have no data on how much these swaptions they purchase, but many people say that the current Eurobond valuation anomaly may be due to SAFE moving the market from behind the curtain. >never use your main Google, or Facebook, account for anything, not even buying a Google made phone, or buying Facebook ads for your own company, just never ever do that, so that at the very least, the pain is spread. Be easy :) . I have 6 facebook accs for 5 of which I forgot passwords, 4 google accs out of which 3 got permalocked because sms confirmations simply never go through to half of Russian numbers, and I think 5 Paypal accounts all of which got blocked because "hey, you are the guy whom we blocked last year! you dared to register again? unforgivable!" Yes, don't keep things online, you will be better off agile and agilers suck Oh my, are they still around? I was one of the volunteers on the team back in 2006. Well, the Chinese median income is double that of Russia though They don't. That's the trick well, allegedly somebody sold Putin's own bank accounts in Cyprus on blackhack a year ago Is it now a yet another pizza delivery/haircut scheduling app? Really, you should try that. You will make more money than on those "food anthropologist" thingies. ------- Ouch, -18? Are you downvoting me with your whole team? how many gigabits connection uou need to watch one? how many gigabits connection uou need to watch one? well, both still loose to budget app hostings if you count only cost Well, Intel has a "product management disease" - when orders for new development come from Ivy league schooled management doctrinaires, and not obvious demands of the market. All American semi companies I know suffer this, and that's why Chinese eat their lunch. >Eric Eelliot The guy has a trolling black belt And yet, naive western people are registering for wechat in their packloads, uploading all their personal data for commie chairmen to see Was Trump born in America? I heard he is a German spy scrap zoning what is electron? Countries with no zoning are living just fine Countries following a rule "you own the land, use it whatever way you like" are living just fine as well Organise an army, go to Westminster, kill your enemies, done. This is a proven, working way. java hello world will not fit even into a 10 gigagate chip >Wow. An app store for FPGA IPs I see people making video transcoder instances on day 1, and MPEGLA bankrupting Amazoners with lawsuits on day 2 there are "encrypted" hdls, but encrypted no more than dvd discs. Find a right irc channel and ask for keys The biggest ever industrialised clickfarm/clickbait ring I've heard of was making around 100m in revenue in 2009, but they had thousands of "affiliates" In Russia, all high official positions are up for sale. Posts are bought and sold. The amount of money he spent to amass this much during that short career, must've been even bigger. >Can a simplistic malware fraud generate half "Surprise" billionaires are popping out of Eastern Europe/Israel/Russia/Russian concessions every year. The guy who ran ebanners/advmaker was said to have lost $1.3bn when Cyprus seized deposits. Before he filed the case against the bank, nobody ever knew of the guy. They are very good at hiding cash. All those dumb banking AML rules are kinda useless as the easiest way to launder money is to run your own bank. Just back in 2013, ads for sale of "1 day banks" in UK/Ireland/Delaware/Cyprus were openly published in Russia's number 1 business magazine. >What is this, I've never heard of it? Are there significant benefits? Nobody to block your transfer and freeze your accounts simply for the reason you look suspicious and you are suddenly transfering a 10 digit sum to a *stan country. And even if a higher tier bank with whom your own bank has a correspondent account will bother to intervene (which is highy, highly unlikely), you and your moneys will already be far away from the sphere of influence of the civilised world thanks to the fact that transaction settlement is nearly 100% automated and instantaneous for top tier banks. My gut feeling is that the next few Enrons will be from the valley Moreover that, quite a few people actively exploit that and "drive themselves" for profit. A guy has 2 phones with different Uber accounts: driver, and passenger. He hails himself, and immediately picks up a hail from himself from his driver account. At some times, the rate for a ride is less than the driver payout as Uber subsidises rides from time to time. Another schemes are when people exploit "first ride free" and referral bonuses. All of this refers to rather casual cheating, done by non-technically literate people to offset the cost of their own driving or supplementing their normal income from Ubering. People who do Uber frauding professionally are in the different league. These are the guys whom engx is referring. >No society in the world operates this way. But Russia does >If they get any narrower there wouldnt be any room for cars. Americans like gigantic cars. They need to make them smaller, like in Japan >Yes, congestion for cars might go up. If you do not use cars, car congestion goes down >Broadway is already narrow. Seventh not so much, but car traffic there can frequently be as bad as foot traffic. I'm not sure what a good answer would be. Add second floor above the road. And on top of it, a third floor. >Part of the problem is a lack of alleys, so delivery trucks have to park in the street and block traffic. There are walled-off backyards and "gardens" within big blocks. Just make them open Ah, they need to add a second floor to this street It does not seem dense to me. Just a great lack or rationality in city management. There are downtowns around the world that are denser than lower Manhattan, but are still better. I have yet to see a single DT Manhattan denizen in my professional circle who does not subsist solely on Chinese takeout and phone order pizza (sarcasm:) >A society run like you imply, would soon collapse. Yes, and it did >Once there's a single HTTP resource on the page, HTTPS means a whole lot less, hence the scary warnings. More like if there is a single line of 3rd party code. >Chrome no longer allows opening of pop-ups during inputs which represent a touch scroll, such as touchstart and touchmove. Wow. I remember, people were complaining that Google were the only major ad network company that did not forbid onthouch* code in ads, and on that has picked a principled stance on allowing them. I hope, it will force them to clean up more of Angular bugs 9 out 10 VC are in red, that's it Google has chosen a wise stance on adblock: "they are not a threat, so we don't bother" (while it is, and they spare no effort to get precise stats in how much ads is blocked and where.) This alone was shutting down the conversation that adblock is threatening the market for long 10 years since industry people and sharehokders started raising the red flag. Now, when everybody downstrean, including publishers, realised just how much money they loose to blocking and started talking openly about it, the genie is out of the bottle I doubt that big ad networks will touch this. Bot detection relies on intrusive/borderline malware code. It was not unheard of ad companies probing, say, 0-day buffer overflows in browsers just to uncover botters. >Machine Zone Good day in Smolensk. Try playing in Russian unwinable casino Death by pivot Microsoft is so uncool I remember from my work in an ad startup revjet. On one meeting we had a typical discussion with ops guys: - "why wouldn't we optimise our hardware utilisation by doing things a, b, and c." - "hardware is crap cheap these days. If you need more capacity, just throw more servers at that" - "is $24k a month in new servers crap cheap by your measure?" - "comparatively to the amount of how much money these servers will make the same month, it is crap cheap. It is just a little less than an annual cost of mid-tier software dev in Russian office. We account only 12% increase in our revenue due to algorithmic improvements and almost 80 to more traffic we handle. A new server pays back the same month, and you and other devs pay off only in 2 years" This pretty much summarises the viewpoint of a typical "big dot com ops manager" on hardware these days Yes, if you want to run TCP/IP on it. But if you have bucks for it, it takes just a little bit more cash to get rid of packet IO altogether, and the network stack overhead along with it. >196.62.32.0/20 They are not in true ad fraud. Those guys are not in PPV, but in counter stuffing and "viralizing". They are former ebanners/ advmaker and cyberonix/telemaster ad fraud detection people. Their ops model is this: they sell promo service for content producers; after upfront cost producers pay comission from monetisation revenue. Clickfarm workers should unionise... Their usual pay is around 5 USD per hour here in Russia Aah, they were doing it for the last 10 years or so. People who are serious into botting have software that basicaly runs the browser in a vm. The level of programming skill in the "industrial scale botting" community is high. Top tier botters can easily get into +$100k club if they were doing whitehat stuff. >What are you referring to with the "whitehat stuff" to get in the 100k+ (/day) club? Bot detection, ad auditing, antifraud systems >What are you referring to with the "whitehat stuff" to get in the 100k+ (/day) club? Bot detection, ad auditing, antifraud systems >I've noticed that a lot of the feedback on AliExpress comes from Russia, Eastern European countries, and the assorted former Soviet Union satellite states. Do you know why it is so popular there? Is it a lack of local web shops? 1. All those ex-commie nations have high double digit VAT and import tarifs. 2. Western brands do not contest for that market 3. Those guys had no other choice other than buying Chinese goods since the fall of the Soviet bloc. What has changed now is that they can buy from China without middlemen $27.4 per mwh is as cheap as buring raw crude in Saudi Arabia. Math: 1 BOE is 1.7 MW/h Cost of getting 1 barrel out from the oilfield with all infrastructure costs amortized: $6 Accrued logistics costs to get the oil from the oilfield to the power station + powerplant operation cost/per unit of power: $8 Per BOE cost: $14 Cost per MW/h of generated electricity assuming 30% conversion efficiency (SA is a hot place): $14/1.7/.30 = $27.5 >flying cars Is Larry going to be the first billionaire mental asylim patient? I imagine my fridge showing me ads. 10 years ago, an idea that online ads will be put into offline software seemed ridiculous, but now that admob cr@p is being put into every piece of 'begware' >Who wins in a nuclear war? The one who attacks first alt+tab it Alibabers will kill the company, they have no talent running western style dotcoms you criticize people screwing up. it is right thing to do and all blogs they own turned into turdballs Well I had an impression that Alibaba was a party to the deal. It appears, they aren't One word: LONDON Out of all "leaks" it is by far outnumbered by companies openly advertising transfer services. Work around DT Shanghai and you will see them everywhere, and one right to a procurator's office. This is what comes out of Google allowing apps to read phone IMEI in Android. I have no concrete proof, but the reason why all major Chinese apps snoop after phone IMEI is said to be that the commies have secretly demanded Chinese dotcoms to collect and report phone IMEIs. For example if you have a 6.0 or later Android, Alibaba app will block you if you disabled the permission to read IMEI or it detects spoofing. https://postimg.org/image/m5u0nmdxd/ It is easy to see how they also use it for their own purposes: open a new taobao account, search for some items, do factory reset, install taobao and see that you are being shown same stuff you been searching before. This way they also clearly violate Google store rules that prohibit using IMEIs as tracking IDs for marketing purposes. It was reported over so many times, and Google clearly knows of this. I guess, they are afraid of antagonising "the premier Chinese dotcom" or still considering going back to China. How much do they pay for a post these days? appears that they put it into that now Systemd is an init written by a terminal stage architectural astronaut I don't like how they begin it with an attack on GPG Funny story behind the line of Chinese React clones: the original goal of development was to make react work with ie6-9 (pirated winxp still is the "Default OS" here), but it came out that most of Chinese React forks are even less ie friendly than the original. They are trying to say that an intentionally placed backdoor is not a backdoor? ha ha Ask ten people to write a hello world in js, and they all will do it, and do it the exactly same way - this is great for a production language. On that point, JS is as good as C/Cxx The downside - ask 10 people for an example of proper use of advanced oop in js, and out of these 10 you will get 5 passible anwers all of which will be drastically different - horrid thing for production I feel it will go the way of Data8 Rates on freelancing websites were sky high for every non-western country (plus, you don't need pay tax on income from abroad), but people tend to die, age, or move on from development. This is in part a reflection of normal demograpgic trends. Freelancer rates were rising for the last 10y He did damn good job! Guardian did good, now it will stirr things up. Now, even if WhatsAppers will disable retransmission, the amount of flame on the topic will ensure that they are labelled as backdoored until the end of days. WhatsApp, please go down It does not depends on a threat model. It works like that: a company sysadmins's being given a rubberhose cryptoanalysis until he compromises company's server. Than, all of that 1bn user r pwned. No company is immune from that: google lost data to a sysadmin who was blackmailed in 2012, facebook regularly fires staff for snooping on users, etc It does not depends on a threat model. It works like that: a company sysadmins's being given a rubberhose cryptoanalysis until he compromises company's server. Than, all of that 1bn user r pwned. No company is immune from that: google lost data to a sysadmin who was blackmailed in 2012, facebook regularly fires staff for snooping on users, etc if a company can snoop your messages on an "encrypted" channel, it is a vulnurability. silly lamer if Whatsapp can snoop on user conversations, their app is not a secure medium of communication. It has a security hole. IT IS INSECURE if Whatsapp can snoop on user conversations, their app is not a secure medium of communication >Matthew Green, Bruce Schneier, Matt Blaze, Steve Checkoway, Chris Palmer, Dave Adrian, Bart Preneel, Jonathan Zdziarski, Steve Bellovin, and Emin Gür Sirer. Some assorted bloggers and amateur cryptographers with big mouths and no serious crypto/math background like whom probably you are. Their opinion worth not. Panasonic RZ6 - 18 hours battery life, i7 (not a real "U" series one, though), 18 hours idle battery life >refer to an "encryption vulnerability" and "security flaw". These are s, as the letter explains in detail. Referrence to a clear demonstration of a security vulburability in the protocol as a lie, is a demonstrably false statement How unethical is this, for this group of so-so around sensationalist bloggers led by Zeynep Tufekci (tptacek?) whom I would not dare to call real cryptography specialists (and this is whom they are in my eyes, none of them is a person with a worthy math/crypto research background) to solicit opinions of reputable bodies on this crypto hole, and then twist and editorialize all of that to suit their message that this crypto hole is not a crypto hole Aerospike was the last piece of software that impressed me with both benchmark scores and architecture being so well done that I can't find any comparison in the distributed db class. I really want to use it in production, but what scares me is its association with Redhat. The tastiest cookie in the jar - cross dc replication is already paywalled. I'm afraid it will further go through the route of becoming begware, premiumware, or "consultanthiringware" that software out of Redhat's shop tend to become over the time. Hohoho, i wrote a paper on the Chinese credit crunch: "the illusion of wealth" during my college years in 2011. I presented it in a class full of kids of rich Chinese expats studying at BCIT back then, and I was laughed off even by an instructor who was a brilliant mind, and had a very anti-red political stance. Two years later, an Econ proff from UBC asked me for a reprint permission. Now, i have randoms buzzing me quite often just to get to know if i had some "behind the scene" knowledge. What surprised me the most was that my former classmate introduced me to her father (a rather rich Chinese businessman), as "the most smart guy in the class" and pretty much tried to drag me into his company. Now I work in China, but not with them. Yes, that's true. Shenzhen real estate prices are closing on that of Manhattan's when you talk about urban centres. It is also the most expensive city to live in in China (again, true only for urban centres. Suburbs are still livable). These two things together made the cost of doing business here prohibitive, unless your business is not real estate speculation. Local electronics businesses closing one after another. The famed Shanzhai garage companies fared even worse than established businesses. There not a single one left now. They died to phenomenal brain drain levels, costs, market saturation, US an EU domestic consumption going down, and people leaving for "cheaper and easier live abroad" I totally agree, I'm a weird case of a greedy guy who moved to Vancouver for its moneys (and most of its moneys are Chinese, and to lesser extent Indian). When Chinese moneys in Vancouver were not enough for me anymore, I went to China for even more of Chinese moneys. Life is weird. Did they block pr0n there? Trophy white C-level ran away You dont understand an ironic joke here Americans? When will you fight and kill them? >The days of legally-enforced privacy are at best numbered, if not gone completely. Well, if not other legal means left, you have other options. You happy Americans can buy guns legally, and "right to revolution" is pretty much written in your constitution. I'm not a product manager. From my experience there are 2 types of product managers, and people got into these 2 types in 2 different way. 1. Former project manager gets product manager title as a symbolic promotion 2. A marketing guy simply begins calling himself as one. Well, marketing guys like to change their titles to whatever position is now trendy. On the 1st type: no problem with those. A good project manager always knows what the project is about, so he knows the product by default even if managing product features is outside his ordination. America needs a new civil war to reset the political establishment that went beyond the point of no return. All of that was everyday reality for people outside of the first world countries long before internet was a thing. 1. Flats turned into mini hotels - existed since first highrise appartments started appearing in 3rd world countries 2. Carpooling - old as the world. In smaller Russian cities, people absolutely don't mind driving strangers around for a symbolic sum. In "good ol times" people used to do it for free. 3. Food devilery - phone order pizzas anyone? I remember first internet groceries started at around 1998, and they catered to really rich demographic living in far off suburbs ($30 just for the delivery fee, a daily income of a well off family back in 1998), but later internet only ones started to be displaced by existing grocery chains 4. "Microcommerce" - I don't know why Americans classify just selling anything with an app as such and why it is anything special 5. Regional same day delivery couriers - same story 6. Alibaba thing - classifieds in a newspaper? All what Americans call the "sharing economy" or "economy 2.0" was what 80% of small business was about outside of the "developed countries" All that machine learning stuff is pretty much useless against human generated fake profiles, just like captcha is useless against human captcha solvers. I mean in Russia America needs a civil war to get its " " together, to wipe out the political establishment that has gone beyond the point of no return Guys you just don't know how much bathing-in-lard rich and powerful countries went from what they were into world's """" in the blink of an eye. All because rich, talented, endowed do not accept, do not admit that if they don't do something all what was dear to them will be no more tomorrow. Once the establishment recognizes that the only way for them to not to be hold accountable for a crime is to hold to the power at all cost, there is no return. Putine and former KGB schmucks usurp the power because the alternative to that is to get a one way ticket to Hague. Islam Karimov - the Uzbek dictator will do everything to extend his reign just for one more second, as he has nowhere to go if he gets deposed. An alternative to ruling the country until he dies for him is to end up like Gaddafi. Bibi Netanyahu - also sticks to power at the cost of his dignity and the dignity of his nation. He will refer to whatever political maneuvering and extreme populism as the alternative to that is jail. Sisi of Egypt - for him, loss of power will mean to join his predecessor in a court room. He is willing to execute 500+ people with firing squads and on gallows, just to curtail any chance of the situation slipping out of his hands. Whe whole bureaucratic apparatus and nomenkulatura of Chinese Communist Party - I have never seen people whose existence, whose life process can be described so wholely by the word "parasitism". Life of extreme privelege from birth just for knowing ten or so lines of Marxist texts and having a right daddy. Their kids don't even know names of car brands cheaper than Ferrari. Loss of even tiniest amount of political authority for them, means that their appetites for high life will be reduced to sane levels and that means by 100 times or so. Of course they are willing to kill to prevent that. African dictators - same story, but squared and cubed. For a Tyrant - political power is like heroin. Addiction from first dose. The only alternative to waiting till such guys dies of age, or waiting for the country to become so ###* up that the dictator cant pay his bodyguards is to take proactive actions and stop him before he solidifies his power. The only way to stop such person is to kill. This is historically proven. A patriot will sacrifice his house, money, property, family, wife, children, position in society, friends for his country. Those who are not willing to readily abandon all of that without hesitation, are not patriots. Once a pattern of political tyrany is established, the country is done for. The death will either fast or long and painful. Either civil war happens and everything is destroyed, or the institutes of a nation rot to the point the country is no more and a 3 storey mansion in it can be bough for half of Canadian median salary. What has happened in Syria once first shots were fired: Wise rich men dumped every piece of property and ran away fully aware of what will happen. As the aforesaid happened, Syrian pound value began to close on 0. This already ment that in a country with debased economy, you can't buy a cheap laptop even if you sell a whole house let alone buying a plane ticket out of the country. From that point, all ordinary people without huge sums of foreign currency are, basically speaking, doomed. And ownership of foreign currencies was already pretty much outlawed long before the conflict. To prevent the state currency value hitting that of toilet paper, the tyrant prohibits immigration from the country so people would not dump Syrian pound. Import of goods is outlawed for regular people. The last scraps of pound value was spent to import guns. At that point, the general population is screwed the second time. They know, the alternative to "ending it all in one go" does not exist anymore. Now, half of the population are drifting from city to city, backpacking. The few mentally adequate aides of the tyrant leave the country as the last people with significant reserves of foreign currency. Now, the only guys fighting for the dictator are equally desperate people: thugs recruited from the lowest of the low, including criminals (shabihi). Now, a mayor of your town is yesterday's mafioso that was making money racketeering. No commercial activity has any meaning now. If whatever you have left have no value, you are screwed, but now you are screwed even more because you can't make any more money at all. You just get a bullet in the forehead, and the city mayor steals your goods and food like in a some dumb zombie apocalypse videogame. All what is left after this point is either to fight, or to die. And most likely, you will be forced to fight. Either at gun point for the government, or for rebels as not fighting will be deemed as a show of loyalty to one side or another. At this stage, even becoming an ISISian will look a good deal just to regain a glimpse of past ordinary life. Would you like to end like that because you just don't want to loose your job, or be socially ostracized? Your past ordinary life already has a set expiration date whether you will decide to cling on it or not, it will be no more. I saw quite a few formerly esteemed people from Syria, and even one former Syrian googler: a bank C-level, a family of a huge shopping mall owner, few people who ran IT outsourcing businesses. Whomever you see coming to the West on rights of human beings, and not refugees are guys like these. And even they have to backpack in hostels with their families. The banker even showed a sport bag full of Syrian pound stacks. He said that he hoped that if the pound will regain even 1/20th of it past value, he can at least buy a new set of clothes for his family. +1 to that guy, even if it is a PR move Heh, I myself was a very quiet internet persona for most of my life, though I've been on the internet for longer than I remember myself as an adult (my parents first got a dsl in 1998). The last two years though... I've been personally affected by Canada quietly denying renewing work permits to a hundred or so Russian nationals and I began to turn way more emotional in internet conversations since then. When I was a child, I was of no high opinion of 30+ plus adult men with families wasting time on vain talks in place where their opinion mean nothing. Now, I myself will soon become one of them. How ironic. Oh, thats why my hdmi splitter goes down every time on vimeo Firefox is useless now. The only way to save it is to disolve mofo The definition of terrorism - is what attorney general define it as on a whim. Just like in USSR - where the dictionary definition of communism and 20 other *isms was changed and amended every year Rather too much for somebody who once subsisted on stealing sugar, soap and sausages from American humanitarian aid to USSR. A man of such calibre making The Free World standing on its toes tells more of how politicaly weak the Western bloc became, than of him being a significant threat. >North Korea launching a weapon of mass destruction on anyone on this planet This will mean that China has ordered them to do that. It will not happen in any other way. What so secret that guy could have disclosed? That Kaspersky writes the "ware?" and has more devs writing it than their poopy AV programs? That was hardly a secret for god knows how many years. >I feel guilty continuing to charge for the many, many >hours of investigation without producing anything....it's >just making me feel incompetent and thieving. Continue billing, be transparent, tell them you are doing work on a substantial, non-trivial issue >Does it mean infrastructure is getting built at a high-quality level, GDP per capita is rising, life expectancy is increasing, quality of life is increasing, and so on? So was in USSR, and how it fared, you know. Open a subsidiary in a country with no-nonsence tax law, (i.e. Singapore.) Bill/pay from it. From real world experience: 1. Buy an emergency satellite connection - completely illegal, but hey. All and every major company in China has one. 2. Try to look for a place in Shenzhen. It will be your best bet to get a private fibre connection beyound a network exchange where GFW is set up. A counterexample here - Angular. I think, it is slowly becoming a piece of abandondware exactly because of Google's influence and backing. Angular 1 was a framework, Angular 2 was a piece of a religious writing that people developed to pad their resumes. Patents give monopoly rights on inventions. Monopolies are bad. Was it less than a year? A "China suprise" syndrome I guess There is no such thing as a market price for a lithium battery. Even standard sized cells are far from a tradeable commodity. Things like double digit subsidies and grants for eco-* stuffs in China and EU distort the picture. What it means is that biggest Chinese EV makers with big enough GR-office can get cells for 20% of what is a wholesale price for Western buyer. Chinese complain that 2kw/h battery packs for scooters cost $400 retail. They probably don't know how much they cost in US. Well, at least it was made public that he was detainend. 9 out of 10 times, a foreigner just disappears tracelessly like that: https://www.reddit.com/r/shenzhen/comments/5vvvdv/father_mis... No, it is npm I don't think it does. It does take over former angular 1 mindshare thanks to effectively botched angular 2, while at the same time being eaten by Vue. Who in his right mind buys original kcups? I was buying Chinese ones since i first bought keurig set back in 2011 Offtopic: I dated a girl who programmed ICBM guidance blocks from Russia :) I'm so proud of this fact :) In 1988, 64 percent of Engineers were women in USSR In China, in smaller cities every restaurant will charge your stuff for three to five extra rambos I see you contradict the very point you are trying to convey there, or I am misunderstanding you What a self driving car has to do with a taxi company? Definitions are so abstract that they make any enforcement pointless Exactly, The roaming hole was known to Russian blackhat scene, and was actively exploited for ages. I say, first number hijacking services were offered around 2001 to 2005, when Russia had a paid SMS content craze. Back then, the most apparent use of that was to steal somebody's number and then send paid sms to your number. The fact that big IMEI databases gathered with Android scamware are now being sold around "social marketing" community only makes things worse. The best known attack with that was an attempted hacking of British MPs personal emails a few years ago. Russian phone operator Megafon was complicit, yet they never even got a slap on the wrist. All and every eMail or blog site that has password reset through SMS (Including whats up, and gmail) is open to that attack. Stuff like that all around developing countries. Those guys shoot themselves in the foot, but most likely that were their parents. The true story here, I was going through the immigration control in JFK on Moscow -> NYC flight. In front of me was a guy with a family speaking fluent Russian. I thought he was Russian, but then he pulled out a US passport and began telling his "family" to not to speak with immigration or otherwise "they will be revealed". When it was his time to go through the officer, he was visibly super anxious and he barely managed to put a single phrase in English. The immigration guy called somebody, then policemen came and took him and his "family" away. It amazes me that in this day, there still are naive people who think that they can get their way in the West with bought or fake papers. I am fully aware of that. My hope is to have HN people remove my ban. You can announce "this IMEI roams through me," to the original carrier. Some operators have some safeguards to prevent a locally active IMEI to be roamed, sometimes it is possible to have traffic routed both ways if they don't. It is. The few online ads pioneers went down due to that. Google succeed because they were moderately capable of fighting it. Ah, you know, Likud's mouthpiece i24 even have an Arabic channel US has a ~40 thousand people backlog for an investor visa People can wait for an investor visa for 5 or more years easily >I wonder if this will be our fate too a few decades down the road. If you live in California, it will be. Hongkongisation is a global phenomenon though. >How Anker is beating Apple and Samsung at their own accessory game Totally a PR job here :) There are tons of other companies that do equally well at making first grade accessories. There is nothing to Anker's founders career in Google or him having links with Ycombinator alumni that makes their accessories worse of better. Yet, the media are ready to oggle them just for "hey, that's a Chinese guy who worked for Google and an YC company making something in China" There certainly are Chinese makers of quads with pitch and collective for each rotor Put your money into a full reserve bank, there quite a few around. I have an account with one of such. It also makes sense to open a "metal account" in some offshore bank abroad (remember, US was prohibiting its citizens from buying gold less than 50 years ago) I don't see a problem here Where are you from man? The official inflation numbers in US are calculated in a rather dodgy way. You should read about that. Government statisticians take a very big effort to exclude a lion share of basic living necessities out of CPI calculation How ironic, the most succesful Intel MCU was 8051. It is 40 years old, yet still rockin >Conglomerates Didn’t Die, They Look Like Amazon (nytimes.com) More like all Japanese conglomerates look these days (Marubeni, Mizuho, Mitsui etc) Except, the topmost structure is not likely to be publicly traded. >What's special about the offering from GlobalFoundries vs TSMC vs whoever ? Price TSMC is selling its capacity at a noticeable premium as the whole "contract fab" business has been evolving around TSMC for a very long time. All other contract fabs used to offer service with few generations older equipment up until the "nanometre race" began to slow down. As TSMC can't pull out a new process, they have to find out something new to retain clients. This is why they race to offer all juicy freebies like advanced packaging and so on. There is not much complicated things here to explain 64 bit is expensive on memory bandwidth (and on size of memory as such,) and memory bandwidth costs a lot in terms of die size relative to microscopic size of MCU cores. Most of MCU applications don't do much of computations as such >Now, policy makers and media often highlight, and some programs are based on, the “core” CPI which excludes food and energy [0], rather than the full CPI Well, yes. This is how it is The point where the dodgy part is for example how they do weighting for things like housing rents, their criteria of non-comparable replacements, idea of product classes (an apple is not an inferior version of an apple; a car is a car invariably of it being considered luxury car or not) and so on. The CPI dynamic has real trouble reflecting real consumer spendings. By taking investor money and living on it. Have yet to hear about them making anymuch significant money except for seemingly staged "success stories" >They sell an enterprise version of Julia for $1500 per year. $1500 per year You can't support 100 people strong developer collective on proceeds from licensing of such product at all, given how small that commercial "data science" market is. At least in Russia, I observed an opposite with women. All women of my generation I knew who were into thing like engineering did settle down in early twenties. Russia is a tought life country. A decision to start a family when you are still in your prime may make more sense there. Alex, do you have any interest in an FPGA based resizer? CMOS lithography, green revolution PROTIP: Shareholder loan Slowly but steadily. Given the fact that D has not managed to die when it had so many chances to, I tell that D has better chance at mass adoption as "a better C++" than the current wave of Swift/Rust/Go that rely on "life support" from a corporate donor. I believe it already has stiff competition... Cybikos? Just curious to see findings. I'm very enthusiastic to see the issue getting more coverage. I used to have a lot of interest in architecture and design. When I first came to North America, I was surprised by disfunctional urban planning, and even more so by the fact that very few Americans were giving any concern to that. Do you have any contact with them? Anybody want to make a mini-AMA with me here @_@ ? I hope it will! It is better to say that it was Chinese OEMs that killed it by dropping their support once Apple brought lawyers on the boat and demanded royalties (even though they were ridiculously small) Remember boys, Chinese factories don't want to have anything to do with your lawyers. A lot of latency inflation over past 10 yeara came from increase in L3 switchings over L2. Nowadays, you can have over 10 IP switching in DCs, and within the last mile. You also get more hops thanks to some backbone networks abandoning MPLS in favour of native routing/packet labeling. In Romania, as I understand, networks are largely free of L3 switching overhead thanks to large portion of networks running pure L2 Back in 2014, I worked on an in-memory DB API that handled 1m http requests per hour with ease on a desktop machine with 10G card. DPDK + DMA aware programming in C++ My measurements give me from 10ms to 50ms for IP routing on mainstream hardware (for the whole route). L2 switching is faster than IP routing because even cheap "smart" L2 hardware come with hardware acceleration, but a typical non-core router for a mid-tier ISP is usually a consumer grade, PC hardware based router. Yes, milliseconds. The difference there is because routers above you most likely are a carrier grade equipment like Cisco gear with ASIC based switching. This is what you can expect from big ISP in a big city, and less likely in networks serving more remote suburbs. Doesn't looks like a universal solution to me. It looks that this particular solution works for them. I know god knows how much families in my home country (Russia) who had no problems living together to old age without having to do anything special. I also know god knows how much dysfunctional families as well. I knew quite a few oddbals too, a couple that were still lovey dovey and dating casually for close to 12 years since their mid-teens. I knew a married couple that everybody suspected to be "mutually-infidel," yet they had a really strong bond. It is all luck and compatibility/synergies of individual differences I'm still waiting for native delayed rendering solution with transactional and atomic DOM operations from browsermakers. In one talk with a Mozilla guy from Vancouver we went over it and it came to "framework pushers in WHATWG will never agree to that as it obviates the need in Angular/React/others and their Shadow DOM peg leg workarounds" Yes, certainly they did, but it all ended up with 3 different standards, none of which was adopted by any browser. It was at around time browsermakers were holding non-stop talkshops over long promised native fragment/template loading that was never implemented (XMLDocument.Load() and others) >Wouldn't those frameworks hugely benefit from having atomic DOM operations? They will, and it seems that this does not bode with authors whose employment/sponsorship/grants depends on solving that problem and providing their variant of peg leg solution for it I meant 10ms for the whole route. >100ms Under load with anymuch sizeable routing table? Then, I must be getting something wrong Photoshop is your friend The market conjuncture is not skewed only one way. Right now, people whose career went under 10 years ago, are competing with people in their 20ies. IT industry has a disproportional portion of people in "senior" level positions. Companies want to hire professionals in their prime, and look at anybody else as a second grade cadre. This man is being called Trollvalds for a reason Most importantly, it walls off a lion share of few remaining competing ad publishing platforms I was denied entry once, and I am a frequent flyer. It was at Calgary's airport. I was called out for a search. Then, border security guys spent an hour having coffee and my plane flew away. I came to them and made them have a very unpleasant conversation with me for the next hour. They summoned their higher up, who came with an official entry refusal with no reason stated, citing that he has no obligation to give one. The bastard had a badge with name R. Torres on it. Nevertheless, I flew the next day on the same airline. Article SHENZHEN—Gan Liping pumped her bike across a busy street, racing to beat a crossing light before it turned red. She didn’t make it. Immediately, her face popped up on two video screens above the street. “Jaywalkers will be captured using facial-recognition technology,” the screens said. Facial-recognition technology, once a specter of dystopian science fiction, is becoming a feature of daily life in China, where authorities are using it on streets, in subway stations, at airports and at border crossings in a vast experiment in social engineering. Their goal: to influence behavior and identify lawbreakers. Ms. Gan, 31 years old, had been caught on camera crossing illegally here once before, allowing the system to match her two images. Text displayed on the crosswalk screens identified her as a repeat offender. “I won’t ever run a red light again,” she said. I once tried something like that for a very big montecarlo simulation of matrix convolutions for an online ads company. Indeed, when you have no alternative to just have stuff in RAM as data access patterns are almost completely random for entire dataset, exporting swap over RDMA NIC will have an advantage even over a very fast local PCIE SSD. I'm glad that somebody put time to make a proper solution to rationalize deployment of such setups >> The economy is not developed, making it extremely difficult to convince anybody to buy anything you try to sell them You easely get the same thing on the opposite end. In countries where people are used to buy a lot of stuff, people are constantly bombarded with advertisements and drivel. In a poor country, it is hard to convince anybody that stuff you sell is good. In a rich country, it is hard to make people buy your stuff, even when they know it is good enought. Bulgaria has low income tax, but a monsterous social security, EI and pension payments as is with most formerly red countries. This gives self employed people, or people leaving their profits on a company account an ennormous, unfair advantage The issue there is that: A. Those people will get all of that anyways B. Paying more towards you EI, SI, and pensions there gives very little additional benefit C. Truckloads of people still in productive age are dependent on cash payouts from the state. You can imagine those are the ones who make the majority of the electorate of most Eastern European nutjob political parties A big problem with all those talking speakers - "IOT Hubs" or how they call them is that people have very little incentive to use them over their phones. The current wave of smart home devices like Google Home or Echo are nothing new, similar devices were available from OEMs for years, and no big brand was willing to sell them for that obvious reason. Samsung made the right bet to glue all of their smart home offerings to their smartphones. Google's idea with nest was a miss because nobody was ready to buy it just to play with specially locked down "Made for Nest" webcams and other appliances, when everybody can buy a 10$ Chinese webcam that works just fine by itself. Same with HomeKit fiasco, nobody really needs overcomplicated platform-lockdowned appliances that do not work without cloud connectivity and enforced DRM verification every 24 hours, when "Uncle Liao Electronics" provides what is a superior alternative in eyes of an average consumer Well, they went down. Used to be like that http://www.worldwide-tax.com/bulgaria/bulgarialaborlaws.asp + income tax + "real insurance" + different property taxes, and all of that in a country with a relatively high VAT Even today, that 31% rate + 10% income tax, + other stuff can easily halve your income. >7 pounds for buying a beer in a pub after a day's work is pure robbery 7 pounds beer is shi£ there, normal beers start at double that price >The tech industry push to get coding into American classrooms And so they did for like 10 to 20 years. Maybe they need to change the strategy? In any normal jurisdiction, a prima facie mistrial would've resulted in an automatic disqualification and disbarment of a presiding judge. America admits no legal liability of court employees over anything except gross miscariage of justice, and even for such cases Americans invented insane legal theories that let few judges walk away from charges ranging from corruption and bribery to selling "freedom for blowjob" Push for personal liability of judges in mistrials and violations of court protocols The heart of the statement is that he is denied standing on public interest grounds because they dug up a case law that effectively nullified public interest ground exception which comes from u.s. code. Now if he is to proceed further, he needs to find ground to bust that case law and an insane legal doctrines it is based on It does on phones where voice detection is not ran on a separate chip. As I remember, one Microsoft was one of the original TDD pushers. One person who worked there for over 20 years told me that "the peak TDD" at Microsoft was right around time of Win ME release And REEs, and commercial genomics, and commodity SoCs, and greentech, and mass produced CFRPs and so many other things China systematically seals all upcoming greenfield opportunities for tech companies and industry in West. A very smart play >If the "best" Lithium Ion cell that China mass produces has poor weight and/or power density, then it has no use in a Car. Cells and Batteries are the #1 issue for an electric car. (More weight requires more batteries to lug around). Cutting back on weight while increasing the power is how you make a superior vehicle. FYI most non-Chinese EVs and hybrids with lithium cells use commodity cylindric cells that do have atrociously low weight/capacity ratio Chinese makers were using purpose built brick cells since around 2012, at the time first generation of Chinese hybrids hit the market China was making superior EV cells since around 2012. For some time, they banned export of unfinished cells and cell materials to favour makers of complete battery packs. This is what led to EV and hybrid car makers outside of China having to use battery packs made out of consumer grade cylindrical cells for a while. Tesla Motors guys have seem to have realized now how ridiculous was the decision to build battery packs from small cells, and announced that they will be transitioning to slightly bigger cylindrical cells for model S. Still, current model S ships with commodity size cells. They may have decided that it does not worth effort changing to big cells when they have just got their factory running with tooling made for standard sized cells. Here I will say that Angular 1 still wins over Angular versions made after transition to typescript. The biggest win for Angular 1 was push for code reusability throught enforced modularity. This matters a lot for both "big co." and "outsourcing sweatshop" type collectives. To defeat React, Angular guys will need to defeat Angular 1.x first I used to make close to 90k a year at the hight of Web 2.0 mass hysteria with nothing more than few animation and dynamic loading tricks. Life has gotten toughter since then I fail to see how is any framework code is easier to debug than vanilla js. React is pain to debug unless internal React error catching logic fires With vanilla js, things are as simple as putting breakpoints in code and running it in Chrome's standard debugger Systemd's authors certainly deserve to be hounded relentlessly Nation-wide GST is a Trojan horse for fully-electronic financial reporting. And fully-electronic financial reporting is in itself a Trojan for electronic sales accounting. I see no reason not to hound out bad people from the developer community. It is a legitimate reaction to people whose offence goes far beyond writing bad software. 1) while being adult men in their prime, they spare no time running coordinated trolling campaigns not unlike people from places like 4chan. This is sick; 2) They attempt to outshout and bury valid criticism online and offline, responding with ad hominem attacks to very correct, purely technical articles; 3) Purposefully derailing conversations pointing to all aforementioned; 4) Aggressive advocacy - leveraging their their network of influence to sabotage 3rd party software by intentionally breaking compatibility. I have no different words other than "waging war" for what SystemD and RedHat do to Linux development community I see no reason not to hound out bad people from the developer community. It is a legitimate reaction to people whose offence of Linux development community goes far beyond writing bad software. >The people actually maintaining all the distros didn't all switch to systemd within a few years for no reason. They switched out of prospect having unmaintainable initscripts and having DEs being turned useless. RH/SystemD liaisoning with distro maintainers at around 2013 can be said to be trollish blackmail. Again, the point here is how apaling is the conduct of RH/SystemD core developers. SystemD could've been treated as a simple piece of bad software, if not for the group of people pushing it having such toxic personalities. You do not confront trolling with bugreports and patches. > but went nearly extinct after WWII I mean that such taxes went extinct after WWII There are countries where it is common to hire without having wage negotiations. Look at all Russian IT job sites: more than half of all job posts look like "senior computer programmer - $2000k ± $10 per month", and there will be few job posts with 3000 and higher montly wages, but the application counter for each of them will go from few hundreds to 65535 This all is made to sneakily push people towards electronic sales accounting. See, online only VAT submission makes people who make accounting on paper spend quite a lot of effort on data entry from books to computer. Once enought people switch to electronic only bookkeeping, there will be not much of impedement to introduce electronic sales recording Oh my, that's a typo. Yeah, do not hang out on internet forums late night Two best one from Russia: hh.ru - Russian Linkedin. Main difference - works 10 times as fast( while having a quadriple amount of lines in JS ), best UI of any "webapp" I've ever seen for both mobile and desktop versions. moikrug.ru - used to be an amateur blogging website/semi-opensource project to which I contributed at around 2006-2007. Now after being resold and respun 10 times over, it has been turned into a job site as the only demographics there were software devs... They managed to best HH.ru at scaling down the UI even further. Currently, they run the best job board for tech talent in Russian speaking countries. They have very select clearing criteria for clients to minimize "spamcruiting," and other bad recruitment practices (thought they did bend over for the biggest players there like MS and Yandex.) That focus on working with right clients is what has been propelling them ahead of others. Hmm, so back on track on the release timeline. I wonder did they manage to make it with their custom cells? F/E: Handwritten ES5 to big extend. They are very choosy on use of browser features and amount of fallbacks they bundle (no point of using polyfills if they work at 1/10th of native speed.) They carved out some of react core code for event handling, and use 3rd party remote JS debugging lib. Everything else was developed in house over the course of 20 years. Some of their front-end code featuring seemingly new approaches to handling JS, can easily be written over 10 years ago as they were one of web 2.0 pioneers. On the backend side, they are a Java shop with immediate front-end interaction being partly handled by purpose built API servers on C++. flyash 1/4, cement 3/4 to neutralize chloride attacks With each coming year, I feel more and more that more of "java spirit" gets into JS. Java seriously suffers from featurebloat and so will ES7,8,9... Java is a perfect example of a language with so many features, that not a single implementations have full feature coverage. Few transpilation layers, total dependence on tooling, package management hell, and a number of incompatible "standard libraries," and dialects - all of that can be said of the modern ES6 ecosystem Nah, same story as with guys who do bait and switch with dev tooling and libs on NPM. One day an angry client calls you with "Dependency A, broke down in B," you take a look at code to see some lib in dependency tree outputting "feature A is now paid" in ASCII art. Don't be reliant on public services. Not a big sum for a semi business. There are quite a few semiconductor companies of less than 100 people and billion buck sized revenues one waffer for less than a 100 waffers tapeout will cost at around 9k if we talk about 14nm. it is very likely that they were actually making losses Ja, even now Nvidia can simply put an average general purpose core into GPU to run Windows and release something like libGPU to let devs access computations on GPU directly. I believe that they are acutely aware of that, but at the moment they chose "to not to slaughter a hen laying golden eggs" >> Keynesian policy only works when every country in the world is not practicing it. >Huh? When somebody big prints money, everybody print money. >Enriched uranium has a very high energy density. 20% enriched Uranium would countain 16TJ/kg. I did not count in burnup ratio. A simple thermal neutron reactor can only use How many useful die per wafer? Is there a ballpark yield for 14nm? ~550/580 Yes, it will be higher by few times for highly enriched uranium (90%+) or plutonium 239 (because of higher cross-section) A dream of cat video clickfarmers came true Back in my college years, the standard procedure was to have multiple accounts. Paypal guys can easily close/freeze like 10 out of 20 accs after first chargeback dispute, but to leave remaining 10 even when they were listed on the same webpage. I thank their lazyness Yep, Aliexpress rullz. They have an affiliate campaign of their own. As of today, they have no restrictions on getting affiliate cut on your own products I have no idea, but some marketplaces do have such restrictions. Probing a live chip for 30k - https://zeptobars.com/en/ Some do intentionally limit the pump power to make refills take longer and increase chance of you buying overpriced snacks on the station Probing a chip means attaching probes directly to chip's circuitry/cells Maybe they just randomise broadcast packets MAC addr? The guy forgets the main thing here: length, type and range checks! I'm finding issues like API servers hanging/crashing due to overly long or malformed headers all the time when I work on front-end projects. Programming in a language with automatic range and type checks does not mean that you can forego vigilance even with the most mundane overflow scenarios: lots of stuff is being handled outside of the "safe" realm or by outside libraries. I believe their failure was that nobody was buying their stuff Microsoft has one problem - it struggles with it being irrelevant. Years after years of shaming from angry penguins did their job. Now Linux is cool and Win is not. Well, Mac is now supposed to be even cooler. Windows can't regain even a second place as a development platform unless, ... , it stops being windows. The negative connotation and "uncoolness," just sticks to anything that remotely touches Microsoft. Unless they can do something like a total market and product production approach U-turn as a company, they can't change their trajectory into the dustbin of history. It is a trick, and old Chinese trick. You call out to your enemies to come for negotiations, and then kill them They do block SSH at random. Having it on port other than 22 helps some times. The thing is that they block Gmail MX from time to time. Don't use google mail for work there Currently, https tunnels with replay attack protection hold strong. UDP VPNs do fail at random right now, I guess GFW people arrived at the point when they can't do anything about obfuscated and replay attack protected endpoints other than blocking all UDP traffic at random I asked google.com what mozno is and haven't found a thing Pakistani political establishment is hilarious Pakistan holds promise as a country and an emerging economy. Their biggest problem: the country fails to attract foreign capitals, and the local noveaux riche never keep their money in the country. To many it is a mystery why a country that holds an incomparably less protectionistic stance than its neighbors, has retained much of British legal system, and is more welcoming to foreign capital policy-wise fails so hard at that. One explanation that I believe explains more than just saying "it is because of crazy mountain people surrounding the country," is that the perpetual uncertainty over power succession, forces rich people to move their capitals abroad affecting trade balance, and creating an illusion of very low capital appreciation in the country, this in turn tell foreign investors that the country is lost cause for conventional investments. >The inventor of ANS is Jarek Duda. Google has thrown few grants for ANS research to Jarek and folks of encode.ru community, then patented their research behind their backs Update: they did not, but they did approach Jarek's university with specific interest in that research work, and vaguely expressed interest in funding them. Jarek's stance - "this is my work, not yours, this ends this discussion." Google - "we have grounds to do so, and nothing you do will move us" Update: I put things in a more neutral tone. Who is Jarek - his page http://th.if.uj.edu.pl/~dudaj/ His original publication from - https://arxiv.org/abs/1311.2540 . That work was a result of two years of research that was well documented, and was making noise in encoding community. His first notes on use ans for quick entropy coding date to 2008. First production grade code was published under GPL at around late 2013 with explicit intention to enforce copyleftness of derived works, and the patent poison pill clause. Jarek claims that Google has abruptly ended communications with him few month after the time of first code publication Update: it seems Google never made any grants to the group, but were only vaguely feeding them with "may bees" for two years, while requiring more and more detailed "research scope declarations." It is better now to let Jarek give his own first hand account of what was going on in between his university and Google's research people 1. fragile encoding schemes 2. fragile modulation techniques (uwb would've been a "final solution" to the problem, but died to patent trolls) 3. interference from wifi (try using bt mouse while downloading an hd movie) 4. because of three different "wire protocols" But the upside is that BT super cheap to implement, and thus ubiquitous Brick buildings are dangerous invariably of the amount of reinforcement you put into their walls. Bricks can't take shocks, or shears. This is just how it is. Even decorative only uses subject people to danger. Large interlocking blocks are somehow better, but they are not bricks per conventional definition. >Are you serious I'm totally serious Virtuabhi In total, the amount of lives lost to fighting in the north, and with internal oppositionary movements amounts to around 4300 people over 10 years - that digit is from Hina Rabbani Khar. This is not much for such a populous country. Armed struggle rarely reach big cities where the majority of business activity take place. On my observation, something big only happens in big cities once a year or less. I do not believe that OBL, AQ and co. count for more than a small nuisance. No armed group ever came close to trampling the central government, nor will they ever be in the foreseable future. India is a genuine issue for the country. Not solely because of its military ambitions. The constant economic and diplomatic pressure from India is the reason for much of international isolation of the country. The army, and previously regular army coups could've been seen as an issue in the past. In my own observation, I see that army's freedom of action was already on the downward trajectory during Musharaf's reign, and that was partially responsible for him falling out of power so fast (other being that Zia's era generals simply died of old age). The civil society (Pakistani oligarchate), is in antagonistic relations with the army. They are squeezing them out of power, preventing them from gaining any momentum. Generals are not coming back to power in our generation. Big buck has won over the military. Hi, are you living there all the time? I'm visiting the city from time to time. Uber got itself into its own 'LeEco moment' You haven't seen their prices in T2 cities, it is like $1 per 5 to 6 kms. And they have the problem of "Uberists" - people who drive themselves around when Uber subsidizes rides. And they also have issue of botters who do the same, but at industrial scale (without actually driving themselves or anybody else of course) It will be different: Aliyun gives you transcoding/resizing on every CDN endpoint (which they have many) vs resizing in DC So does Microsoft, but the QoS there is lower. Aliyun - send paper A, B, C to us and a payment, the license comes to office in 2 weeks Chinese Azure - send money to us A day after, send paper A there, paper B there, C there A week after - ChiComs come to the office questioning you why you omitted that thing in this paper, and give you nice time A few weeks later you get your papers. I do not see what they call a service there. Not only they provide real-time resizing on CDN, but many many many other things: hardware HTTPS acceleration (check their HTTP vs HTTPS latency,) per-file authentication, hardware Gzip, 'bouncer' for websocket connections. They used to provide free load balancing on the edge for APIs, but I can't find that service in the control panel anymore. Machine learning is American version of the "5th generation computing" : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifth_generation_computer >substantially different than what researchers were focusing on in the 80s. ?? Weren't the neural network stuff and evolutionary algos all hip in mid-eighties? > solving distribution and flow is almost trivial. We have all sorts of systems for solving distribution problems and finding maximal flow along a network. There's even an entire class of algorithms to solve it with[1], I would not be so confident with that. Yes, in a perfect world with perfectly rigid, cubical cows, and passengers that are never late you can make flow algo's that reliably hit near 'global maximums'. Things do not change dramatically if you feed the problem to some ML algo. The flow problem for airlines is in bigger part a problem how to make decisions given near random occurrence of things like sudden worsening of the weather, traffic redirection due to something happening on the runway/airport, fueling trucks being late, and of course the need to maximize revenue per seat. The best decision making algorithm here would not be the one that maximizes throughput, but one that can keep routes more or less consistent given all those changes. Here, I see that even if you had a near-perfect routing algorithm, and a transportation system with no human driven cars, the whole routing map may have to be changed completely in response minuscule externalities like somebody jaywalking. This class of problems is altogether different than any kind of optimization. Ironically, the logic class most adapted for solving such problems is the long forgotten fuzzy logic. Why so much fuzz with this thing? Same thing in Russia, but for a different reason. I think no banker in sane mind will issue a credit to an average Russian Only for debit transaction, credit can be printed It is better to say that 4m merchants do have access to Alipay, but may elect to not to use it. I knew quite a few places in Vancouver where people were ready to accept payment by zhifubao id, but nobody had qr scanners or anything. It may end up like Paypal local - come to shop that accepts paypal, ask if they support it, and yeah "transfer money to id 4746474, call me back when you are done" I want to add to that that this opens door to wholly different types of services: vending machines with no buttons to get vandalized - if zhifubao is the only payment method, it makes sense to let users to only select products on the smartphone; restaurants with no waiters - you scan QR code on your table, and make order online (quite a few of such places are out there already); and online shops that are no more than a banner or a picture of a display in a populous place Given the background of founders, some might have thought that they only seek an interest-free loan. From the time of original kickstarter campaign, the interest from the sum would've been more than enought to sustain the company given crazy interest rates in Chinese black banks >Take money from 'community', develop using that and get famous, get enterprise funding, stop community project and return the 'community money'. Good idea. Except they took the "develop" stage out of the equation, and most likely never planned to make a functioning product except for shipping prototype grade minis. See, what they did is not much different than other Android "OS" spinoffs: take white box product, and put android with custom skin on it. All of that costs $200k at maximum in China, not $2m. What made them different thought is that they pumped so much into keep hype going. And that tactic paid them off. Corporate M&A people in the People Republic of China are known to be easily impressionable, if not worse. >I'm curious how you would construct a switch that couldnt be bypassed by the police once they have full access to the servers. Make the killswitch physical, an attempt to open a server physically destroys it. This appears to work for carding rings that operate in the clear Firefox looses marketshare because they hired talentless GUI designers who made thing not better, but actually worse For as long as ice is present on the moon, using it is a matter of melting it, filtering, and electrolyzing. Moon is also a sure source of aluminium. Components can be shipped flatpacked to the moon, where they will be placed on locally produced aluminium "skeleton" Americans never bought into eCommerce. Just like US lagged with smartphone and mobile internet adoption, until Apple came with its smartphone, US will be off reach for the industry until eCommerce will get its "iphone moment" Compare how much average American spends online vs average Chinese or Russian. Very interesting, what they did is a kind of an "super-SoC". They managed to put many things on top of common CMOS digital circuits: reram and mems. The idea has merit for one big reason: if you can put memory on same die as the core you can largely eliminate the memory bottleneck. I don't think any "data" companies get any edge out of their data. Big data is about spending big efforts for nothing. Data is saleable to advertising guys thought. >Range: 120km. Who needs that shit? I will, if it has sane price, but most likely it wouldn't. For as long as there are countries with huge lump sum EV subsidies, there is no need for EV makers to go below ~35k. >Apple was 5 years ahead of the competition at the time of the iPhone too for example A highly doubtful statement. At the time Apple released it, there were smartphonese capable of steamrolling over and over, just nobody sold them in US https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ooldezaZgU0 ... There is no such thing as a "whitelisted" VPN in China HTTPS VPNs work fine, but they are slow as you have to use TCP There is no such thing as an "official VPN" Open a bank in Cyprus, and that's it. Many people suspect that majority of Russian banks in Cyprus do not have a single real board member. Believe me or not, in some countries it is possible to setup a bank without having a single in-person visit by an official. Fully automatic shoot-to-kill sentry guns are nothing new, and were used at least since eighties. Patent in Russian http://www.findpatent.ru/patent/237/2373483.html Life in Baishizhou is whole lot better than life of most Hongkongers Well, this is the thing that needed to be said. I worked in online ads for bigger part of my career, I certify that fraud is that industry's second nature. But the type of fraud they engage in is the one for which they can't be prosecuted (disclaiming, audits, etc) Andy Rubin is an engineer, not a hip-startup visionaire director by his nature. "Visionaire directors," are not smart people in their prevalent majority, and Rubin is just to high on intellectual ladder to be one. And his phone... he believed that hole in the screen is a "smart idea"... That was super disappointing >(Un)Fortunately they have the tools that others want to use, so other agencies request info & access. The bigger thing there is the fact that a kind of well orchestrated "operation" took place is now proven, disclosed, and fully admitted by NZ officials. The info disclosed gives a lot of background on how US NSA solicits "favors" from other states and on what pretexts So far, the criteria looks to be no more than to be on a list of Eastern European ad vendors >Every brand that has a large enough following will run into pitchforks for large redesigns - a lot of people are fans for something. That is false, "running into a pitchfork" is the better, and least likely outcome. Very often things develop like this: user logs in, can't find the usual button, and abandons the website - a la Mozilla forefox redesign fiasco that halved their userbase in a single month. Another famous case is Akamai - at around 2013 they had a relatively insignifican't redesign, yet a single button was moved. They did not realize that they quietly bled users for over a year until they got serious and researched the matter. They failed to understand that a double digit portion of their users were non-tech staff like marketing boys who were taught to work in a manner like "move mouse over red rectangle, and push the button" China has an entire city packed with 2m people with 6 year education, but no, it isn't turning out as anything impressive >I wonder how much of this is simply the Gigafactory coming online at full production + others trying to keep their factories running. The "Gigafactory," is a drop in the ocean if you count noname Chinese factories, but it will be one of the biggest market players outside of China This digit is unbelievable. A good aircon can pump 4 gigacalories per hour using 1kw/h while running at full power with +40C and 40% humidity outside. 5gkal per hour is more than enough to keep a 50m2 room with huge windows at 21-22C in scorching heat. If your house is huge, like 200m2 McMansion, and your ventilation does no recuperation whatsoever, and you have near nil heat insulation (like most of housing in US,) you will barely use 50kw/h per day even if you live in the middle of Sahara I believe, they don't use electricity to heat the house in -20C, and few live in detouched houses. >IHS Markit expects li-ion battery prices to fall below $200/kWh by 2019 In that article they claim the digit of $200, while you can buy an assembled 1kw/h battery pack in China in retail quantities for around $120 today. I have no idea of where they get those digits. Chinese ministry of commerce posted back in 2015 that, the amount of battery capacity used by biggest Chinese EV makers alone (excluding PHEW manufacturers) was 16.9GWh. And the amount of battery sales to car makers make less than 10% of the market in China. Most likely consumer grade LiCo with carbon anode. LiFePo modules are twice as expensive, demand for them certainly exceeds supply Yet another ActiveX-like tech re-spin, we are going back to the dark age. Having usable and capable _SCRIPTING_ language for web was the biggest achievement of the whole Web 2.0 push, now the browsermaker is about to reverse that >This is wrong on so many levels it's borderline trolling >full-blown web applications Well, for underhanded "premium plugin" devs, this opens opportunities. I understand your position. Java is a bad language, bad design, and bad execution. Having more of Java in JavaScript is bad. Turning browser into a VM is just a recipe to bring pretty much every problem inherent to VMs to web development There is a major negative effect - you will be running obscure blobs of code - you can't think of anything worse for security. Sandboxing as such will not help you to any degree with that. People promoting sanboxing as a universal solution have poor knowledge of computer security A scripting language, is a language whose main utility is to manipulate and run functions provided from outside of its execution environment You are unaware of issues with sandbox. Here they are: 1. A sandbox can have bugs, and they do have them 2. Sandboxed environments have to give huge reach of system api's anyways, and you can do a lot with them 3. There are classes of vulnurabilities that sandboxes can't do anything about: instruction level exploits, hardware bugs, "gpu frying webgl shaders" 4. Human factor (see comments about "run anyways" above) >If every website is a blob of code that you have to execute as a black box, what's the point of writing your own browser? It'll just be a slower copy of every other, since all the potential for making it different has been taken away. A very insightful comment Yes, it will do nothing against sophisticated botters. It has been a standard tactic to run browsers in purpose built VMs. The last bastion were smarter, more disruptive captchas and rendering performance profiling, but even that got grinded by now. The situation is even more grave with mobile ads as you have zero opportunity to shove captchas, or rely on single unique per-system ID or cookie that was vetted outside of embedded webkit environment. > Isn't anyone who works on GNOME working for Red Hat, without getting paid? They were a for-profit company last time I checked... It used to be just at around one quarter during 2.6-2.10 days, then it jumped to above 90% when they scared off the prevalent majority of developer community during TOPAZ (3.0) train wreck. What was the name of guy who was running around with "GNOME UX" thing? Anybody remembers? You do not see a difference in between two? It is the last big exchange with accessible shorts after BTC-e went down The parsed VM bytecode and calls to native code by the interpreter are two quite different things China United Airlines once did the route for CNY488 with carry on only Why do they put the touchpad off-centre to the left? Interestingly, if you use a US phone number, you can see a lone bike parked right at the White House on the map. They can. Check on coding sweatshops in Russia partially or, some times, fully staffed with highschoolers >WebAssembly could become the universal cross platform low level VM. You know, people tried to do the same thing countless times already, there is Java and it tries to do exactly that. We all know where Java's promise "to run everywhere" went. There are JVMs for things beginning from microcontrollers to s390, but find one that can flawlessly run code that was compiled for a VM that is even one major releases old. Serious software in Java usually comes with something saying "version 2 of this software runs on JVM 'A' 1.4.13 with patchset 'B' 1.2, classpath 'C' 1.5, and exact VM setting from supplied jvm.conf". Is it a thing with with Californians that they prefer to not to plaster over bricks? It has been almost 12 years, and we still don't have working word wrap with svg Had to do almost the same thing in 2013 with internet lightbulbs. I had to draw a page without buffering as even page's full html was bigger that MCU's ram It is not a big problem to make DRAM on pretty much every SOI process, just power consumption and refresh rates will have to be quite big. The problem with MRAM is unreliable reads, they are excellent for low clock speed devices, but as you go into gigahertz range, signal quality of an mram cell begins to degrade, and you have to put a darlington on top of it, or a bicmos transistor, thus negating its cell size advantage About floating body ram and others that rely on capacitance of the substrate itself rather than a dedicated capacitor I believe that data published by people peddling embedded dram ip is their "best case scenario" with still significant alteration to manufacturing process >(Probably not that hard to solve) Yeah, just throw a 2 channel PID controller and a bunch of servos. It most likely be rather cheap (sarcasm) Aah, this the devious "product as a service" model, at least here they properly call it leasing, unlike the companies that adopted Keurigification It literally has a hole in the screen... I thought of that as an april fools day thing Who can think of this as a good idea is beyond me Oh, well if it is so, then it is also an Example of Keurigification >I'm actually impressed it only took 100 people to getting this out. I presume there was an incredible amount of sleepless nights, as this is no easy task. There are 10 man companies in China making custom phones from reference designs. On my own memory, there was a company that managed to make a phone in under 3 month in 2011 Ugh >You deserve a phone that can resist the trials of everyday use. That’s why we made Essential Phone out of titanium and ceramic. These materials are harder, stronger, and more resistant to dents and scratches than the materials that make up most smartphones. And while costs for such finely crafted materials are usually reserved for high-priced, out-of-reach goods, we've tried to make our phone as affordable as possible. I almost feel how hard he is forcing his engineer self to sound "markety" Well, they are trying to undercut Chinese with web payments, one part why mobile payments took off so well in China is because Tencent and Alibaba took out browser makers out of the equation. If you open a website that requests your Visa or MasterCard CC data in any Tencent product, it will be blocked unless "their special hack proof API" is used. And yes, they blocked apple pay too On my memory, they were very very anxious about anything with capacity to subplant zhifubao. Paypal famously had a one click payment plugin for China, and it got banned by Alibaba nearly instantaneously. Paypal later banned Alibaba from using Paypal outside of China It surprises me how this "vue vs react" gets to the first line for the 10th time in one or another form Angular - has appeal for "corporate apps," well, because of Angular 1.* React - has influence wherever Facebook has influence Vue - took off in China as FB did not bother to proselytize developers there Tell why should I? As I understand, their "machine learning" grep "stuff in arabic"| send to people in places like Tunis, Albania and Morocco (true, both Google and Facebook run their "AI flagging" shops there, blogs giving account of that are well known) Indeed, and it appears that the guy has some relation to Mozilla Well, it reflects one-dimensionalness of SV hipsterish big co. pop-culture: it is "I like it" or "I don't like it" and nothing in between or off-axis. It is not in how it scores, but in the very fact that people who built it are normally incapable of giving a given sentiment more than one thought. The idea of scoring sentiment on a linear scale is kinda pointless on itself, people usually start to realize that by the time they graduate a primary school. >Give it time. Now think, where are all those public sector workers? Probably regretting big their decisions at the start of their careers. Right now, people who go into industry right out of the school have huge opportunity. Low competition, low barriers for entry. By the time the private sector economy will pass the inflection point, and be making good money, people who choose work in private enterprises will be years ahead of the competition. Check on how Russian IT industry rose up. Back in mid-noughties, a typical IT worker/software dev was either a high-schooler, self-taught person, or "studied botanics, but ended up in IT" type graduate. Barriers for entry were pretty much non-existent, there were nobody to push back at hiring such people with their "authoritative opinion." When the economy finally went belly up in 2014, people with ~50k incomes in hard currency suddenly became big men and among them were many people from IT. Many of such people started their own shops. Now, Russian companies have luxury to hire people with PhD level education for intern level position, because the crowd that was going into banking/lawyer/MBA/statesmanship finally turned to IT. It appears to be that he got filtered by the famed 'AI' terrorist filter. On a twitter page of his collaborator describing his opponents: "I don't understand English Middle Class English. What does "You are rude" mean? 1.You are saying the truth 2.Your truth bothers me 3.Can't find an argument against 4.You are rude" It was probably this and the fact that he touches on "race, 'aryans', antisemitism' in a very provocative manner and has Arabic name made him a sure target for an angry user operations team member who decided to reward him with Internet non-personhood >Google is not a human facing company, you're most likely conversing with a bot even when you don't think you are. In reality, all big dotcoms hire legions of human 'reviewers' in cheap countries distanced from the civilized world Those "two-factor" authentication often turn out to be one factor in reality - for some time, knowing your phone was the only thing needed on Gmail to initiate password recovery with banal questions. This is how an attempted hack of British MPs was done (a Russian cellphone operator rerouted their phones using a roaming request, while KGB guys were trying to pound password recovery on MPs' private mailboxes) The same password recovery vulnurability was present on Facebook for some time as well Can't think of an explanation more true and concise that is not a cultural studies PhD work than this article Page polution - most mid-tier desktop software developers today don't even know what it is Can somebody explain for what reason Apple suddenly decided to make cars? As I remember from more than a decade ago, the selling point of DBUS was that they were not trying to design a high performance message bus with sophisticated work mechanisms in spirit of Corba and Bonobo, but a small, flexible, and utilitarian one. Things like implicit message buffering were deliberate design decisions. Back in early-noughties, I remember that there were a company that was developing an accelerator chip for seismic data analysis for oil exploration companies. I can't remember the name now. Can anybody remember? They were proposing a chip that did nothing but a limited set of linear algebra operations at gigabit rates. They were former Transmeta people >There is hardly any discernible ethnic, linguistic or cultural difference between Smolensk and Vladivostok. I will gladly watch what will happen to you if you say that in Vladivostok suburbs after 1:00 am ^_^ "DISCLAIMER: this is a joke and should not be take seriously" >Isn't it a fun time to be a front-end developer? No. I came to frontend development on the peak of web 2.0 craze, when 10mb of jQuery "bells and whistles" on a corporate front page was considered hip and progressive. No matter how awful these 10mb of animation scripts were, they ran faster than 1mb of "highly optimised" react spa today. >Can you really prove that feeling? because that's far from my experience and far from logical too.. Cyclomatic complexity went up many times. Going over a simple for loop in under 100 kilocycles for client side page generation was considered ok back 10 years ago. Even then, browsers had no problem with that. Compare that with 20 plus layers of deep merges, with closure tricks, with prototype swapping on the fly in a transpiled observer pattern style input event handler - things like that you have in relatively simple SPAs today >They are not only a bit of alienated by having to work with frameworks, but they're expected to be as productive with these frameworks as they were hacking together jquery scripts and snippets, but are still the 1-man or 2-man developers within a wider business. So so so true... but I can give a correction to the size of the team. I personally witnessed 10 to 45 man teams doing things as simple as a web app with a sole function being "login, enter account number to send money to, enter amount of money to send, and press the button" While 45 is a bit of exaggeration on my side, as it counts team's own accountants, HRs, and 20 something PMs, "change manager" types, and other obscure managers of managers 1.x has ultra solid support from business software industry. It will for long remain "the COBOL of the web" >pricing would reflect acceptance of a certain level of fraud, and that the price would balance out at a point where these fake clicks were part of the equation. This is how it is, bur nobody says it aloud Small time bloggers switched to affiliate schemes ages ago >Treat Giardia Send that bush to China now! I have yet to know anybody who lived in a big city in China and never had it People have incorrect idea about intrusive surveillance by ads companies and its purpose. Personally identifiable data is of little importance to Goog and co. today, but is for arbitrage guys and other bottom feeders. I worked for years as a webdev with mid-tier ad nets until last ones of them either went out of business or turned into niche players. We worked with "cube data" of people that had over 160 different parameters back in 2012-2013. The amount of data about an average internet user is huge, but nearly all of it is useless for a top tier ad player. Google and few remaining top tier players take their "tax" on all kinds of ads that go through their platforms regardless of targeting efficiency and conversion rates. That is a lion share of value you can squeeze from a click. They let other "platform partners" to fight for remaining scraps. If DSPs and SSPs bring more clients and clicks or can somehow improve on the process, top tier players will only benefit from higher volumes. However, the personally identifiable data sold by data vendors is of immense value to people running arbitrage schemes on ad exchanges. See, if you can price shows just few percents better on average than the rest of the ecosystem you make a lot of money. You bid for "garbage impressions (that's the industry's term)" in hopes to get expensive clicks for stuff like financial crap, RX, lawyers, amazon, "quasi-CPA" tagged clicks, and so on. This type of business attracts a lot of rich "idle rentier" types. Naturally, those guys tend to "vote with their money," if they see that a certain arbitrage scheme is no longer profitable, and another one is. This is why there is so much of contention about such data, and cutthroat efforts to get it. I knew not one, but two RTB arbitrage collectives in Russia that had their RTB trading servers stolen from secure datacentres. >In a lot of cases, those sites get a lot more money from the advertisers than you would ever be willing to pay, because they simply don't provide that much value to you. 90% amateur blogs make no money what so ever over the cost of running them. Smart bloggers switched to affiliate schemes ages ago. Amateur bloggers making money of ad shows will go out of business sooner or later, regardless of adnauseam or adblock. Running ads is simply not a suitable business model for such guys. Competent C devs are rare these days. Just too many did retire. At the very start of my professional career I thought of becoming embedded dev, but I was disheartened by the job market. The very few jobs I found were like "Senior C dev, minimum 7 years subject matter experience, $65k" at the time when web dev roles were paying 85k+ and were so easy and dumb... What distinguishes a good C developer? A high self discipline. That language gives you a lot of ways to introduce bugs, but unlike JS you do have clear realisation why they appear most of the time. >even before US embargo'd Intel from china You can see how well this embargo works in every electronics mall Watch out for people with bags full of burgers There is a law prohibiting what those dogs call "money surrogates". Well, if somebody gets wind of somebody having 1m+ of what is effectively cash, that person will likely get raided by somebody anyways. Happens all the time I mean both Phi, and Itanics. Just look for them in places trading second hand server equipment >performance is usually priority #1. Not usually. Stalling for time in every allowed way to get more bids is something usual >To maximize their yield, they resend ad requests in a loop to multiple parties every few seconds until an ad clears, leading to this massive network load. They are stalling for time in every allowed way to get more bids. A standard tactic for company like theirs is to send duplicate lots for a single impression, and reload the ad few times per second once they get overriding bids even if one of lots was already sold. I like it, a mirror opposite of extreme "designed by committee" practices of big co. funded frameworks. I feel purposefulness of Vue's design. There are no gigatons of features and behaviors which make you scratch your head and think "why it is there to begin with" like why Ang2 insists on using observer objects for HTTP responses, or why Ang1 had a such an extensive buildover around its component zoo to do just "new mySerice", or reasons for React's component rendering order peculiarities, or logic behind their choice of syntax. Vue is very bare bones thing. It provides no reactive layer over complex object with non-primitive content. Lack of native support for maps or sets from ES6 is inconvenient a bit, but it is not hard to provide a function wrapper around any logic that uses them. I usually keep all business logic outside of Vue's instance and only wire though its inputs and outputs. What I lack in all common frameworks is the ability to play smoothly with really complex DOM manipulations, like swapping prototypes of a DOM elements and mergings. Trying to do something like complex drag and drop logic usually means doing a lot of "do it within DOM element, or do it within framework's element" thinking I mean Vue does not work well with them. If you set a data value to be a Map, vue will not be able to track changes to it No, a lot of building are leaking heat by design. Some are incompatible with insulation by design. A building needs to be designed from ground up for efficiency Not entirely sure about that statement. In Russia, they certainly do. A good building is considered one if it has proper thermal design, and definitely commands higher price. In this country, some provinces spend 1/3 of their GDP on energy. Here, buildings with 30cm+ insulation and triple glazed, metalised, air-tight windows are not rare. >Surely the leaders of some of the largest tech companies can come up with better names -- or is naming truly one of the hardest problems in computer science? It must be a really existential problem! Kim is becoming less sure of his grandpa's defence treaty with China. Yet, NK is a Chinese proxy state. All what it did to harm SK and Japan goes on in total synchronicity with political climate in Beijing The penalty is not that slight. As said in the article, Google TPUs struggle to feed themselves data, while their big convolution units simply ends up being a waste of die area More high rises are needed. American cities have too low density. America should learn from Hongkong and Shenzhen >Over-urbanization is a real problem. It's much worse outside the US, with monsters such as Delhi and Sao Paulo, with huge slums. The US has managed to avoid that. I'm failing to see how most of US 'middle-class" suburb district do not amount to slums. Of course walled communities near rich cities are well off, but other than that look at what these suburbs are in flyover states and poorer part of south-east Properly built highrise districts in Asia have larger distance in between buildings than what Americans have in suburbs >suburbs of major cities are nice upper middle class areas. Yes, they are for sure. I'm not speaking about the at all. What is a slum? A place where lots of people whose socioeconomic peculiarities prevent them from engaging in a meaningful economic activity. They can't get education, meaningful job locally, or have enought money to relocate. Eventually, overconcentration of such people weeds out all remaining economic activity out of the area and drives value of whatever is there down. https://www.amazon.com/Great-Inversion-Future-American-City/... Ever been to Atlanta? Well, I have lost the point here. It was better to say that 1. a notable lot of 'middle class' neighborhoods are middle class in name only, 2. average suburb of non-first tier cities got worse off over the years 3. genuine slumification did occur in few cities, 4. more are approaching that borderline Does anybody remember Teranos? FYI, Magic Leap CEO is weird. Here is his blog http://fixtheworld.blogs.com/fixtheworld/page/2/ I wonder if anybody with serious resources tried to use anti-Stokes scattering for refrigeration. DPDK? One fabless SoC maker called Baikal claim that they can saturate 10gbs link with an 8 core arm chip running under 5W (phy power not counted in) for as long as users are using userspace driven network and hardware offloading ... and they do this while the were openly taking money from Russian/KGB campaigners round 2010, dispatching campaign consultants and overall trreating them as first tier clients. Same was true of Google in Russia, while they still had hopes of somehow greasing hands with the establishment. They evacuated the most valuable staff out of Russia around 2015 to Switzerland, when they finally gave up. I still do remember them quitely delisting online resources with corruption exposures circa 2007, that were reappearing with simple reversal of word order. They may've been just "probing where the water is shallow" in 2010 with "seemingly innocent" think tank drivel and consulting buys, and then went full throttle when it did matter the most. American top C-Levels, officials, 3 letter agency employees, and other American beau monde all have that "smart, sophisticated, brilliant, but damn naive" note in their personalities. All such types do remind me of people who are "trying to win in a casino," while having "I know what I'm doing" look on their face. They can't win there, it not their league. To prevail, Americans need to overhaul their political establishment and institutes of power with virtuous and competent people. If I was the US congress, I would've put it very square, if a dot com like FB actively conspires with Russians, and then pretends that they didn't, then everybody along the chain of command down to founders, c-levels, and major financiers (with their own respective boards) are detained, subject to criminal prosecution and given prison sentences No, double digits of KGB and CPSU staff had bank accounts abroad just like Chinese CCP members do now. And more power, means more money for them, just like usual. To disrupt Russian political establishment, you do same things you do to disrupt criminal gangs. Plain and simple. Gathering all of NATO's paratroopers and sending them to Moscow will work too, but at a bigger expense Another excellent speech on reds' tactic is this https://youtu.be/5gnpCqsXE8g , old, but I believe relevant Looks to be a good candidate to replace omnipresent nginx based API routers Here will go their REST config api to force reloads. BTW, it is a good idea to always do API versioning on production runs. That will eliminate the possibility that different API versions (files stuck in the cache, or simply people who kept browser open for a long time) use the same endpoint Most likely they will throw out Android alltogether, and move to what has been their "wartime airfield" - tizen, which they kept funded and alive all those years How lucky they are! I have a similar feeling. Banking explosion of mid nineties Russia. My mom was a de-facto CTO of a bank back then. What got her that job was the simple fact that she was the only person that bank found competent enough to just code basic things in C, Fox Pro and Basic (back then, those were virtually unknown in Russia. The only popular "Western" programming language was Pascal). Back then, solely founding a bank to 'jump on the bandwagon' earlier than others was seen as something much much more important than to have that bank functioning properly. Now, none of those first wave banks remain prominent. Out of roughly 2000, only 20 function today. >Unlikely -- Tizen would be dead on arrival, being inferior in all ways to Android, including the app ecosystem. Would it matter when "an Android phone" means a Samsung phone 9 times out of 10 in Western markets When an average American comes to Best Buy to buy a phone, he does not deliberate over things as abstract to him as OS of a phone. He sees an Apple phone, a Samsung phone, and a random Chinese phone. You should know, CCP propaganda units were recruiting foreigners for full time jobs quite openly just few years ago is there a hard limit to amount of nodes? What is the routing protocol? Another thing to add is the use of cobalt in alnico magnets that cheaper EV motors use They don't. As I know, only Chinese EV makers use BLDC motos with permanent magnets. What you say does not bode well > China still lags other countries in advanced battery production. China makes pretty much all of world's batteries. What you call the most advanced types? >We need to install millions of charging ports. Quite a few places in China have 20CNY per hour charging stations, and I believe they are more prevalent in Northern cities Indeed, Linux's monolithic kernel design will mean that such errors will be continuing popping up. I wonder, if a physical "chain reaction" attack described is possible. Back in mid naughties, the "MMS of death" chain reaction attacks on Sony Ericsson phones were so intense, that they were taking down cell networks through which they propagated, thus fizzling. I still didn't get it. I need a simpler explanation and examples I still don't get that screen with a notch for a camera. Hardly convenient. Sacrifices too much for the sake of design. Aha, I had that eerie feeling that I saw those crappy patterns somewhere else. So, Android it was It is in making, they don't even hide it that much. For now, it seems, they will hold strategy to "let Youtube do the hard stuff" WebCL/WebGL and stuff is there, but you will have to go through supporting 20 different "standard compliant" implementations >That said: making a YouTube is a hell of a lot of work and a huge investment. Yes I'm sure you can kludge up a simple clone of the basics in Your Favorite Language in six hours, but can you build the infrastructure to deal with the inevitable copyright infringement, avoid falling foul to widely varying obscenity laws across the globe, hire people to screen for that sort of thing, there's a whole bunch of stuff above and beyond " As I know, current Patreon's stance on what to do with it when they reach that stage, is to focus on English speaking speaking audience, and have no legal presence outside of US. As the US is the only paying off market for 9 out of 10 of any online media businesses, it makes sense. Same thing with CDN, if they go that way, they only have to deal with much smaller loads, and have no need for multi-dc replication. If they only have to deal with the most creative and valuable share of makers that they will skim from yt, the will not have to deal with exabytes of cat videos and other garbage content. Same on the legal from, for as long as most content is original, the only issue will most likely be music, but there is already a thriving industry of RIAA-free music licensing specifically for makers thanks to YT yielding to requests for automated takedowns/DeMo/and revenue divertions. Maker relationships? Very straight, steal top 10% makers from YT, depriving it of majority of genuine creative content. Here YT can't counter that with pretty much anything: Google sells ads, Patreon sells makers themselves. Google stays with cat videos, while Patreoners take the tasty stuff. Predicament looks rather dim for YT unless they will have the willpower to make a U-turn in their relationship with the creative community It didn't prevent Chinese refurbishers from working around it in the most simple way http://www.zdnet.com/article/iphone-lock-did-hackers-drive-a... A more high-tech solution: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1pcs-Hot-Worldwide-Electric-... Reluctance motors are the cheapest ones around, but strong, big permanent magnets are very expensive. It is weird that they combine them. https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/switched-reluctance-m... Take a note, while SRMs are very cheap, some vendors would bundle a some kind of constant torque motor driver circuit at very little extra https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/60v-72v-1200w-switche... Why do we need to put a payment api into a browser? >I don't buy it. Windows provides stable driver ABIs and works just fine. I strongly disagree with this statement. Windows is a buggy mess on all levels from GUI down to kernel. It is a consensus of technically enlightened people It is not GPL, therefore it is bad. If their main point was to get rid of GPL in kernel, and low level userspace, their main point is bad. Must be bugs in firmware They don't need to backdoor it. The re-transmission with a different key feature is the very definition of a vulnerability. For as long any encryption protocol allows for it to happen, one can trigger a key renegotiation that can be taped. And it was used few times already. Some of such occurrences were well documented. In 2015, in a lobby discussion on DEFCON two people confronted Marlinspike about the retransmission vulnerability in the Signal. He was asked to give a _yes or no answer_ to whether the central server can trigger the key renegotiation by sending the "I lost my phone" command to both parties. And he answered this question _no_. This was long before the Guardian lashed at FB with the backdoor article. I personally verified this account with 2 people. Marlinspike Moxie is a liar. He is interested in self-promotion, and moneys. And he is a liar (see my second comment). I call him a "Lennart Poettering of the crypto world." Both are good at smooth talking, and throwing clever worded verbal bile at opponents, reminiscent of prominent 4chan.com "thoughtleaders" >"make mass surveillance impossible for the world we live in, not a fantasy land inhabited only by cryptonerds and moralists (...) to produce technology that is privacy preserving but feels just like everything else people already use, not somehow convince everyone to fundamentally change their workflow and their expectations.", Aha, like making loading a web page over a broken TLS/SSL connection to make it "more convenient" for a user. He is advocating for this. Been working on a mail.ru pet projects in my teens (Moikrug), people were telling that PGP/GPG adoption was at around 8-9% in Russia in 2006. Among corporate users, there are some rather big companies with 100% adoption. How they achieve it? With a simple policy "anybody sending unencrypted email is fired," and training to make sure that even least technically literate people on the company get it (a person is not let to handle anything until he is examined by a specialist). Yes, this happens automatically in whatsapp. In Signal, you will be prompted to confirm the new key. Still, _it is possible to trigger this process for a third party_, and then to MITM the key exchange. What I allege him with is strong stuff. To substantiate that, I want to add following: 1. During the FB backdoor scandal, rather than giving any elaboration on the issue of the retransmission hole, he rallied his troops to shower the legitimate point raised by Guardian article with FUD, and rain ad hominems on critics with aim to discredit them. He completely diverted the point of discussion from the fact that there is a retransmission hole, to "guys attacking me have no credit" , "guys attacking me endanger people who need encryption", "People will not benefit from it, giving out fact of strong encryption usage is worse than having bad encryption", "adding retransmission hole is a compromise", and e.t.c. He can not be doing this discussion diversion not purposefully, without deliberation 2. He claimed that he attacked Signal clones "for benefit of users," yet it is not hard to imagine that he does it with no other purpose than getting more users on his own service. Again, a demonstrated show of deceitfulness from his side. Yet again, he parried criticism of this move with discussion diversion. 3. In this instance, he reflected the allegation, by mirroring it against the opponent. When I worked in Shanghai this year, I noticed that a business openly advertising "large sum transfers" was located literally one door away from city's procurator office. Try to explain this to an average communist party member There are no keys to launch infrastructure in Russian military. The few things amounting to that are the key codes stored in sealed containers that open code locks on control panels with physical launch buttons. The steel plate that cover the launch panel at Topol TEL can be easily cut open with a power tool. Topol missiles have literally only 5 control inputs available to the launch crew: 1. raise the launch tower, 2. lower the launch tower, 3. arm the missile, 4. disarm the missile, 5. launch the missile All missiles are programmed at the factory. Precise start coordinates are held by a separate navigation receiver at the missile TEL, and if the receiver fails, there are multiple redundant fallbacks. The only way a crew can mess up the launch is to override the start coordinates with manual input. >"Immediately upon return to Russia, many crew members were faced with disgrace from their superiors. One admiral told them "It would have been better if you'd gone down with your ship."..." The main point here - this has shown that Soviet officers were reluctant to carry orders, and if ordered "fight to the bitter end," would betray the political leadership It showed that no matter of what Soviet political establishment tries, it would be unable to force the military to blindly follow the protocol. The fact that this got uncovered and publicised displeased the higher ups in the military because this endangered their positions, by rendering them incapable of instilling that order. God knows, but shops that advertise different capital exfiltration services do advertise their services rather openly in China. This sounds alarmistic to me. Diesel emissions are exaggerated. European emission standards set limits for diesel emissions that are just minutely different from gasoline emissions. American limits for diesels are notorious for being more restrictive than for gas engines. All of that considered, diesels are plainly more economical and more efficient on pretty much all common engine size ranges Because it is called so, if the mold on the cheese was red, I believe its consumption would be only encouraged. But blue cheese, many blue stuff is banned in China, not only cheese. >NOx So is the Ozone. Diesels with lower NO emissions than that of gas engines are made all around the place. All same, if not worse for particulate emissions Why Americans invest in public stock markets full of crap? That's the thing. Bain will be in conflict with those two. Bain here is for eighties style LBO game, as if it not went out of style. >Pixelbook Google will have tough luck registering this trademark in China Regular Americans certainly lead the world for the amount of money of ordinary people poured into the stock market Not almost, there are whooping 48 or 49 naturalized Chinese citizens who got citizenship through means other than marriage since the naturalization law was introduced 1998 There was a somewhat well known Chinese brand around 2007-2009 that was making rather decent laptops. The core of the company's collective went to found the BYD's consumer electronics unit and were the ones who made BYD's Vaio P clones. Their makes were rather stylish for a Chinese CE company >but go ahead with your logical fallacy self - you are certainly making a stronger case for the americans being the dumb ones.. Hmmm >most average people who invest - US and foreign alike - buy mutual funds and have no idea what is in their portfolio.. I put this to doubt. People who invest in US and in the remaining world do come from rather different socioeconomic classes. US is probably one of the few countries where an average Joe ever knows what mutual funds are. >Google will keep the HTC brand and take on about 100 HTC engineers Only 100 engineers? They are not planning on retaining HTC's phone unit any much functional. The problem with two factor authentication is that it often turns to be just a two stage authentication, or, effectively, an SMS-only authentication. I'm surprised that Googler still kept unsecure password reset on 2FA, while disabling it on regular accounts. >YouTube autoplays more videos to keep us from leaving. The sole purpose of doing so is to get more ad shows. See, a person leaves his computer with YT running or mutes it in the background, and returns half an hour later while google already sold 10 or so ad shows. When autoplay is on, yt tend to put shorter videos into your view que >The Federal Government has tremendous assets: Correction needed there. The value of those asset classes will fly to the bottom even if 1% of asset stockpile is sold. I want people to remember US in late sixties. If somebody has good enough memory, he will recall that US citizens were legally forbidden from owning gold and even simple golden jewelry until 1974 (Nixon struck the gold standard just 3 years before). The schizophrenic policy was "We redeem FX dollars in gold, but not let any of our own citizens have it. Instead, the treasury will own your own gold for you." China tries to do the same trick with savings and assets of its citizens and companies. Except that for gold and silver, we have luxury apartments, lumps of jade, exotic industrial commodities stockpiles, bitcoins, FX certificates, and other novelties. >actual use of gold as a part of something was exempt. Certainly not in its entirety, the same "articles containing gold clause" was used very creatively by courts to issue confiscation orders for jewelry for sure. That was my BLAW101 essay subject, something I spent few hours on digging court records. The "rarely enforced," does not mean that it had no effect. Effectively, people were forced to sell their trinkets, and buy stuff on the market with that money if they didn't want to loose all of the value of their savings.