how we make $350/day without marketing Designing a logo which stands out compared to competitors around you: I would say this is a textbook case of marketing. Having said that, it is clever using a free marketing opportunity like that, and, even better, being (one of) the first to realize there's a huge opportunity there. All I hope is that I won't be asked to punch any monkeys while browsing the AppStore any time soon. :) I've actually seen a BBC Horizon documentary a while ago, "Do You Know What Time Is?" [ http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b00fyl5z ], that also talks about this. On top of all the theoretical background, they interview people at the US Army that manage the GPS sattelites, and show how they have to resync the internal clocks every day because of this. Worth a watch if you like this kind of material. EDIT: Sorry, I believe it was a different episode: "What On Earth Is Wrong With Gravity?" [ http://www.bbc.co.uk/sn/tvradio/programmes/horizon/broadband... ] Here are the online video links to both episodes: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3aYKAJEVfQ http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-421765295887486158 eight Stop making sense! The only solution would be for Twitter to acquire Bitly and their complex code base, how else are the inflated prices going to be justified ? http://www.techcrunch.com/2009/03/30/if-bitly-is-worth-8-mil... Your service looks awesome, especially the "we'll keep nagging you until you f...ing respond" aspect. I've looked at a lot of similar services in the last few months (you have no idea how relevant your startup is to me at this time), and I definitely am interested. One thing I'm wondering about is why you have no international calls. I would love to pay (a lot) more money if you could support international calls. Without that, the service is only half as useful, and I will sleep only half as good during the night. :-) I wonder whether the author used the 'optimize_for=SPEED' parameter in Protocol Buffers. Seems relevant, and since the author didn't mention it, I suppose he probably didn't. I personally have a hard time accepting that PB is actually orders of magnitude slower than JSON, especially given the fact that PB prides itself in its efficiency. i believe their point is that twitter has an open API and encourages app development on top of its platform everywhere it can, but it simultaneously will pick a golden app that creates a huge barrier of entry to the next "good idea" in that area. But if Twitter decided to implement their own redirection service, there would be no problem, right ? As in, would you still consider that as an innovation barrier ? I know a lot of the innovation for url redirection services should be looked for in the data mining area, and you need lots of data for data mining. But these tr.im posts all give me the impression they feel like they're entitled to a share of the traffic Twitter generates. They're not, and never will be. Twitter is entitled to decide what they do with their traffic. They could've implemented their own redirection service, they didn't, and decided to go for a single url redirection service. Perhaps precisely to keep the innovation going in that area (url redirection is Bitly's core business, thus they will take the data more seriously), while on the other hand keep the service reliable and predictable. If your entire business depends upon the grace of a single company, and you don't do anything to break your business out of that, you've just got a bad business model which is destined to give you a lot of headaches, and even will make you fail. And yes, I'm looking at you too, AppStore developers. Quit whining already! It's the ultimate form of "eating your own dogfood". Why do people always feel the need to overgeneralize things ? From http://uitrends.com/2009/09/03/command-line-interfaces-dont-... : command line interfaces are back again, hiding under the name of search No, they are not. Yes, it's also a box in which you type text, hit return and see results. But a command-line tells a computer to do stuff, a search box tells a computer (Google) to retrieve stuff. By stating that search engines are the new commandline, well, it's not as silly as claiming the web is the new OS, but it's close. The only reasons I can see why they make these generalizations is either that they don't understand what a commandline does, or it simply brings them more attention. I suspect the latter. You have to keep in mind the audience Techcrunch is appealing to: a lot of these rockstars probably really think wisdom comes with intelligence instead of the years. What I'm wondering about, though, is the rest of these younger entrepreneurs: I understand that the older entrepreneurs of course make better decisions, but I wonder how much of these younger entrepreneurs (wrongfully) think they are just as capable, and thus something like Dunning-Kruger was taking effect. I try to reflect this on myself, 26 years old and founder of a startup, and I am fully aware of my inexperience. I personally attempt to compensate that problem by gathering more experienced people around me, but in the end, there is only so much you can do about it. I do think, however, that knowing you don't know everything at least allows you to be more aware when you're likely to make a mistake. Both: I am licensing to companies myself, and yeah, it's also a damn good revenue model. Wait. I must be missing something: Since computers have trouble reading squiggly words like these, CAPTCHAs are designed to allow humans in but prevent malicious programs from scalping tickets or obtain millions of email accounts for spamming. But there’s a twist — the words in many of the CAPTCHAs provided by reCAPTCHA come from scanned archival newspapers and old books. Computers find it hard to recognize these words because the ink and paper have degraded over time, but by typing them in as a CAPTCHA, crowds teach computers to read the scanned text. The way I understand this, is that the user is presented letters from archival newspapers and must type in the text he sees, and recaptcha uses that text to improve OCR. But doesn't that imply that recaptcha was unable to interpret the scanned text before ? If so, how can it then verify the correctness of the text the user types in ? If not, how exactly is this helping OCR ? Furthermore, it seems to imply that being a business owner makes you happy. It could just as well be that people who often take control of their lives and actively pursue what makes them happy, which perhaps has a huge influence on their natural happiness, are more likely to become business owners. Your relationship with your friends will change because of something like that, it is very very nice of you to want to share the wealth, but someone that has a sense of honour themselves will either have to refuse your offer or they will accept and it will hurt their sense about themselves. That depends very much on the way you bring it. Indeed, if you offer to pay off their debts, of course it will hurt their ego. But if you bring it like "here's 50 grand, i don't need it, i care about you, do with it what you want", well, most people will have a hard time rejecting it. Since they don't associate it with their debt, but rather as part of sharing in your success. Link explaining the Zimmerman case, for people who are curious too: http://www.gimonca.com/personal/archive/philzima.html Woa there! They embedded an entire flight sim in Google Earth ? That's a lot of work and pretty impressive for an easter egg, even when coming from Google! I wonder how they justify the effort put into those things.. 20 percent time perhaps ? Yeah well, when you have a flight sim in your program, you almost have to do something useful with it, not ? I just wonder where they got the time to build it in the first place. As far as i know, it's not like Google had a flight sim in their portfolio before. > A community operated social news site Aren't all social news site community operated ? > Because transparency is not a just a plastic film Reveals nothing about your business. > We are "Open for business" Reveals nothing about your business. I personally think it's important to both emphasize that you're a social news site and that you pay the users for their contributions. Something like "Social news shared both ways", not sure -- I find it easier to criticize bad slogans than to come up with good alternatives. I just meant that C# isn't that good and never will be as good for quick scripting. Only if you don't know anything else. Often, the best tool for the job is the language you feel most comfortable with. Because Apple makes it very clear in their TOS that they don't want that. And obviously, the iSinglePayer app is politically charged. The developer of the app decided to develop it anyway, and now he's claiming he's being censored. It's kind of silly, actually. People seem to think they have some fundamental right to be approved into the AppStore, which is simply not the case. Okay, according to that definition, you may be right. Ultimately, I think it's up to a judge to decide; censorship is not as black and white. Take Google for example. They automatically filter various type of sites from their index (phishing, link farms, etc). According to the definition on Wikipedia, that is censorship too: it's communicative material, which is considered harmful by Google. Ok in that case, indeed, censorship can be applied. But to me, that means it completely loses its value: in essence, it would be the same as "filtering", which I don't think is the intent of the law. You mean censorship isn't illegal in the US ? As far as I was aware, censorship is outlawed in most Western countries, by protecting freedom of speech. Okay, so if I understand you correctly, freedom of speech is violated by censorship, but censorship doesn't always violate freedom of speech. Guess my interpretation for the word always was wrong. I figured censorship meant the act of limiting freedom of speech; you seem to define censorship as any act of filtering. Would you classify Google's filtering of web content as censorship ? If not, how is that different from Apple filtering AppStore applications ? Okay, you make a good case and I agree with your point. Thanks for the discussion. :) I don't really agree about Hadoop. MapReduce is interesting for some applications but it's not the only thing out there. We did extensive analysis of MapReduce at my new company and it clearly wasn't suitable for our needs. You say that as if MapReduce is the only thing you can do with Hadoop. It has a key/value datastore too, and since recently a relational database: http://db.cs.yale.edu/hadoopdb/hadoopdb.html I was wondering about that too. Perhaps they all made more than $1000 a month ? I couldn't find out how many startups they surveyed, so it might as well be only 3 startups. The article makes a good point, but I don't think I'd call it the death of authenticity. A deceptive banner ad is just the new version of a fast-talking door-to-door salesman. It's the method of reaching consumers with the lowest barrier to entry, and that's why it is so popular with the inauthentic. That is a good point. On top of it, it is merely a matter of choice: you can still make "authentic" ads online, but just because the internet doesn't require you to do so, you see so many inauthentic ads online. I personally still vividly remember that Nintendo WII ad that ran on youtube about a year ago, which played a youtube video and after a few seconds the whole page started to fall apart ("shake it", see: http://mikeabundo.com/2008/09/25/shaking-wii-youtube-ad/ ). That is quality online advertising, and it has just as good an effect as quality TV advertising. I think the real lesson to learn here is to never assume anything. They assumed performance wouldn't be a problem, so they didn't test for it when prototyping, and they didn't make those tests part of their development cycle. It's tough, these things, especially if you're talking about a feature you personally appreciate a lot. The article talks about the performance problems leading focus away from actively marketing these solutions, which makes me wonder: if properly marketed, would this have been a killer feature ? The fact that they decided to get rid of it suggests no. However, are they putting the code in the freezer for a while until they fix these issues and re-release it ? Or is it simply a problem that can only be properly solved by giants like Google ? Guess that's my bad for assuming you thought performance wouldn't be a problem. :-) I think it's due to a different focus: PostgreSQL chose to be "correct" and feature-complete, while MySQL deliberately didn't implement the full SQL standard, and went for ease of use and, arguably, the best performance. You see this pattern all over the world, Unix versus Windows coming to mind. The best technical implementation of your software doesn't guarantee the best position in the market, even in a tech market. Exactly. I wonder whether he would have won the price if he was the successor of, say, Clinton instead of Bush. I'd say, just let HN run its course and it'll figure itself out. The more policy and rules you try to add the more soul you take away from it. The problem is, when you let social network sites "figure itself out", the end result is, in my not so humble opinion, usually an emotional, harsh and perhaps childish community. Maybe HN has the advantage of being connected to YCombinator, and thus has a reduced risk of this happening, but the risk is still there. Besides, there are elements of HN that do manipulate the community to make it what it is: for example, not being able to downvote posts until a certain karma level has been reached (thus focusing on the positive rather than the negative). Personally, and I think I speak for more people in this community, the existence of HN is a huge relief considering the state of today's online communities. It would be a waste if the nature of HN would be lost due to a lack of foresight in controlling this very nature. I don't fully agree with the article's point, and I certainly don't like the tone: to me, it sounds like a useless rant and it seems as if the poster is using symptoms of a sloppy QA as proof of a lack of expertise of the Google engineers. These are two different things. Having "the world's best engineers" should mean that you are able to solve problems that no one else can. That your engineers recognize possibilities and see solutions where no one else can. I can actually argue that because they (supposedly) hire engineers with such great expertise, the QA department suffers. A common symptom of smart people is that they don't want to be bothered with dumb, repetitive tasks (read: testing, QA, etc) but rather want to solve interesting problems. Besides, it would be a bit weird to expect smart people to not make any mistakes. People always make mistakes, no matter how smart they are. If mistakes are noticeable to the end user, in the end it's due to an error in the business processes, not a human error. I'm not familiar with MogileFS, so if my comments below are incorrect when applied to MogileFS, then I'm sorry. GFS/HDFS are officially called filesystems, but they're about as much as a filesystem as a Samba server: they expose files to the outside world, with some extra layers of abstraction you can mount the filesystems under Linux, but in essence they live on top of existing filesystems themselves and have nothing in common with the traditional filesystems, where you operate on a block device. A SAN, otoh, is such a block device and traditional filesystems operate on them. This means that you can run a RDBMS on a SAN, while you can't on GFS/HDFS. This covers a common use case where you have a central expensive database server, with dozens of terrabytes of storage in a SAN, which you see in a lot of large corporations. But we believe the way to get around this issue is to build ZFS as a module with a CDDL license, it can still be loaded in the Linux kernel. Though it would be restricted to use the non- GPL symbols, but as long as that rule is adhered to there is no problem of legal issues. I can't believe it really is that simple ? If so, why hasn't anyone mentioned this before ? Call me old-fashioned, but I see work as the ultimate form of decency. Why ? I do not see a designer as someone critical to the success of a startup -- you can safely hire an external designer who isn't necessarily as passionate about the company and still get a very decent design. Furthermore, I kinda see design as a problem that needs to be solved once, while technical and sales/marketing problems continuously arise and need to be solved. Disclaimer: I'm in a niche enterprise market, so design is less important for me than startups developing for consumers. I think you are certainly right that design is less of a success factor in the enterprise, though 37 Signal shows that a bit of design can get people excited about a fairly underfeatured (intentionally or not) product. Yeah, that reminds of client who once told me "people want their beer with foam" as a metaphore: no matter where you go, people are still people, and they like to be pampered. Good PR lesson: even if you're a fucked up company and someone calls you out on it, if you admit the problem and take proper steps quickly people will likely forgive you and perhaps even like you for it. Its not about open source vs closed source, its about corporate development in which you are a developer with non-developers deciding what is important VS the developer has the last say. So, to sum it up, developers are claiming developing software is better when developers are in charge ? I'm shocked. MongoDB really is an interesting project. It really does fill a gap between key/value stores and relational databases. At my company, we've been using MongoDB for about half a year: it was the only project that provided auto-sharding, replication, stored procedures, commercial support, and, last but not least, the ability to detect race conditions when multiple clients are writing the same data. Pretty impressive, if you ask me. MongoDB is going to be big. There's more information here: http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Licensing The way I understand it, is that they use AGPL to prevent people from running their own customized mongodb daemons without publishing the patches. This solves the "problem" of web services customizing code and not publishing patches because they're technically not distributing any code. Note that this doesn't apply to the client drivers, so you can still safely link the drivers into your code and/or modify these drivers. Well, I don't have a blog, and I don't want to get into too much detail, but I can give a quick overview of our main usage. Basically, the core problem we needed to solve was to have a reliable datastore which is able to detect race conditions when multiple webservers are handling the same data (in essense, multiple webservers handling a request from the same visitor). To do this, we use a simple compare-and-swap trick: each object has a version number which is transmitted when an object is read, and this version number is transmitted back when the object is updated: only when the "old" version numbers match, an update is performed, otherwise an error is thrown, and the webserver re-processes the entire request from the start. I believe a similar trick is used in memcached for CAS operations, and it works great in situations where the chance of a race condition occurring is relatively small. Now, for all this to work, we need to have a datastore that lets us atomically compare and swap these objects: this is where, for us, projects based on Amazon Dynamo start to become suboptimal. I believe it's theoretically possible to detect race conditions with such projects if you set the amount of writers to more than half the amount of replicas, but it just starts to give you a feeling you're using it for an unintended purpose. MongoDB, on the other hand, provides the ability to define stored procedures. Furthermore, they guarantee that this happends atomically: only one client can update a single object at the same time, which is a great guarantee. Because of this, we could write a trivial stored procedure that takes 2 arguments (the old version number and the replacement object), and does the compare-and-swapping. I even believe MongoDB can do "update if these fields still match these values" operations nowadays, so it looks like this functionality is even integrated within MongoDB. Of course, in addition to this, we also need the datastore to be highly available and limit the risk of data loss as much as possible: MongoDB has this area covered really well, and automatic failover is implemented within the client drivers. And this is basically all there's to it. Because of the guarantees MongoDB provides, the work we needed to do was reduced to a minimum. Of course, features like ad-hoc querying and their plans to implement map/reduce capabilities help too (we've already invested a lot of time into Hadoop and Map/Reduce applications, so it all fits). All in all, it seems MongoDB just came into existence at exactly the right time for us, and the people developing it seem like a very active, passionate bunch of people. I haven't got regret choosing them. You are correct: a single server indeed has a high risk of losing data for the reasons you describe. I was talking about replication: by making sure all data is replicated, for example, 4 times across 2 datacenters, you limit that risk a lot. There is a small timespan between writing data and all replicas picking it up, but if you make sure your servers aren't overloaded, this usually is very small. Having said that, I agree that there is room for improvement, for example using WAL and sync points like you describe. You're forgetting one way more important thing: logs. Your access patterns to Google's sites is way more important than the information you see on this dashboard; based on your access patterns, most of the information in that dashboard can be predicted anyway. That makes me wonder what "anonymous" actually means. As I understand it, Google anonymizing the logs in fact means they don't store any information that can lead directly back to you: as in, based on a single log file, they couldn't say who you are. In the greater context of things, however, it is not anonymous: based on your previous access patterns, and your current ( This all reminds me of some research from Germany I heard about a few years ago: basically, if you have someone's ZIP code, age, gender and education, you can get a > 99% accuracy resolving who this person is in real life. His point basically is that, compared to Twitter, Google is unimportant for News Corp, traffic-wise. Which I personally find hard to believe. "On the other hand, an antivirus program with up-to-date signatures will protect you from a lot of threats. It'll protect you against viruses, against spyware, against Trojans -- against all sorts of malware. It'll run in the background, automatically, and you won't notice any performance degradation at all" Now, this may be a bit off-topic, but does anyone know about which software he's talking ? I personally find that most of the virus scanners try desperately to let you know how effective they are, constantly notifying what they have done to help you, to validate their existence. On the other hand, you have the more minimalistic virus scanners, like ClamAV, but I really can't tell if they're effective or not. I fear they are not. Anyone has recommendations for a good virus scanner that doesn't suck ? Perhaps pg can make this a request for startups, please ? It's about time this whole industry stopped sucking. :) That is weird, especially given that modding console is completely legal over here in The Netherlands: using it to play games you don't own is illegal. I would've guessed Microsoft would target the users playing pirated games instead of playing on modded X-Boxes. Now it seems like they're also targeting users that prefer to play using a backup DVD instead of the original, which to me seems like a pretty fair use case. In this case the legality of modded consoles to play backup isn't an issue because it sounds like Microsoft have something specific in the Xbox Live TOS to cover all modded consoles. IANAL, but I believe that over here, that doesn't matter: if something is said to be legal by law, no company can forbid its customers to do so. Just like with renting an apartment: a landlord can demand all kinds of ridiculous things, but if there is a law that explicitly protects certain rights for homeowners, a landlord simply cannot take those from you. It's the same with a TOS: a company simply cannot take certain rights away from you if a country's laws explicitly protect these rights. If you want to consider another example what happens if a cheat hack appears that gives you a big advantage over other online players; would M$ be within their rights to ban you then? Is the only difference that gamers believe one to be morally wrong (cheating) and one to be floating somewhere in the middle (chipping) I get your point, since one is a software mod and the other is a hardware mod. The difference is that our law says nothing about software modifications, while it does explicitly allow a consumer to mod consoles: you have the right to be able to make a backup disc of any game you purchase, and use those backup disks to play the games. You need to mod your console for that, and you can literally walk into any computer store and ask your X-Box to be modded. But, I think you made a good point: the hardware in essense makes the software function differently, so if you would convert a certain software cheat to a hardware mod (if it were possible), you have a problem. So I think the (legal) matter, in the end, is intent. This is why I think it's weird that Microsoft chose to ban all people that modded their console, instead of all the people that pirated games. One targets the fact that a hardware modification was made, the other targets the intent. Just because not all the time spent developing an application is spent on coding, doesn't mean it's not relevant to know how much time you spent on coding. Well, if Outlook uses the Word rendering engine, then at least it's somewhat decent, looking at some HTML formatted emails that fill my inbox. Which means: don't do it yourself, unless you're an expert, which you are most likely not. Suck it up, it costs more money, but when you're just starting out and can't hire people dedicated to managing your servers, you should just pay another company to do it, otherwise you're just being penny wise. Downtime costs a lot more. And that's where you make a mistake: sure, the founder can be a competent sysadmin, but the founder simply cannot replace a team of sysadmins. You need to be available 24/7 -- there's always that pressure on your social live that you need to remain available, etc etc etc. You think you can do it, as a founder, especially when you've got some sysadmin skills, but you simply cannot do as good a job as a team of operations people who are stand-by 24/7. And you simply cannot afford such a team for yourself when you're starting out. How do we know this is better than Quantcast? Does anyone know where the data comes from? Also, it seems to be missing some of the features. People suspect it's coming from the Google Toolbar, but all Google wants to confirm is that it's some sort of "secret sauce": http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/06/24/is-google-ad-planner-ge... The world mistakenly confuses us for a tolerant country: we're not. We're just indifferent. Here's a more informative article on the whole set of changes Google plans to test: http://searchengineland.com/google-streamlines-search-option... This is pretty interesting: looks like they're laying down the foundations of their Map/Reduce framework with this -- this approach to their Group function is one of the most flexible I've seen so far! In essence, they have implemented their Group function as a real simple Map/Reduce job, in which the "Map" phase is skipped partially Instead of completely decoupling the Map and Reduce phase, a Reduce is performed right after each object is Mapped: you perform a Reduce directly on the source object. Regular Map/Reduce frameworks usually decouple the Map and Reduce phase completely: you perform a Map on the source object, and a Reduce on all the emitted Map objects. This of course brings a lot of overhead (lots of Map objects emitted with just the value "1"). Ah, I should've looked better -- I didn't realize they actually already supported Map/Reduce by now -- good news! I was a bit disappointed that you couldn't set up a function to update "map" objects when the collection it was generated from is updated or added to. That sounds interesting, but it makes me wonder: what happens when an updated object is mapped again, as you describe? An update means that a previously mapped entry is deleted, so you should unreduce (inflate?) the previous map operation (which in many cases is not possible). How are these things handled in Couch ? Well that seems kind of obvious: Amazon customers already are a very specific subset of all the book sales, and I bet they are far more willing to read an ebook than the average book reader. For an article that promises the death of the printed book, I do find it strange that it almost solely focuses on the increase of ebook sales, rather than the decline of print sales. Could there perhaps be a new audience of people who would only read ebooks and no print editions? The only real information provided about this in the article seems to be a quote from an author who assesses he will earn more from ebooks than from print sales in 6 years time, but this is just one example and can depend upon the audience of the author: I bet ebooks will do better for SF fiction than ancient history literature. Because of the audience: I suspect the average SF fiction reader will be more tech savvy than the average ancient history reader. Since ebooks are a new development, I think it's fair to say that they have a better market penetration with tech savvy people. Ok, well, I guess you could be right, I don't know -- it wasn't really the point of why I mentioned it. As you can see, I used the example SF versus history to illustrate that the sales statistics of ebooks versus print can be different depending upon the author's target audience, which I think is true: I don't believe the percentage sales of ebooks versus print is the same in all categories. When used as an argument why the printed book is dying, we should therefore put the sales numbers from one author in this perspective. Well, judging by the SLA of Prgmr over here: http://book.xen.prgmr.com/mediawiki/index.php/SLA it seems like Prmgr is ran by a single person, with a 99.5% uptime guarantee. I bet this reduces costs quite a little. One thing scares me about Linode: I can not find any information with regards to availability guarantees at all. Even when they talk about their "datacenter availability", they're talking about which image slots are available in which datacenter. EDIT: Ok, I just found some availability information in their FAQ: http://www.linode.com/faq.cfm "What we can boast about is our commitment to resolving these issues in the quickest fashion possible. Most customers will tell you the last time they rebooted was to take advantage of a plan upgrade. 99.9% uptime, or your lost time is refunded back to your account. " This essentially means it's worthless: they're only backing it up with paying you back the time your server was down (they'd better do that!). Looks like they don't have much confidence in themselves in that area. but at least they offer your money back, most don't. Well, my point is that this money back is basically worthless: say, at some point, your server was down for 4 hours, and you pay $100 / month. This means you would get $0.55 refund for 4 hours of downtime. I'm sorry, but to me that sounds like "we guarantee this amount of uptime, and we back it up by absolutely nothing!". Not that I expect my damages to be repaid, not at all, but a webhost's availability guarantees are only as good as the money they put in to back it up. If they would, for example, promise to pay back a month of service fees, it would not recover my damages, but at least shows they're a lot more serious about the guarantees they're giving. Anyway, I do not have anything against Linode, not at all: it's just that I'm wary whenever a webhost is this unclear about availability guarantees. I probably had a few too many bad experiences in the past. So this is not true ? http://lists.grok.org.uk/pipermail/full-disclosure/2009-Nove... I don't think the point of the article is to explain how to prevent malicious use of your private data, the point is that a big public company like Facebook should not be doing certain stuff with the data it mines. Nobody is talking about giving away ssh passwords: this is about a tool that Facebook has provides that helps you find friends that are already in your (Gmail) address book. Heck, just 3 posts above the OP says that he even temporarily changed his Gmail password. The problem being described is a shady side-feature of this tool, where it apparantly stores all your contacts in your address book, even the ones not on Facebook, and when one of those email addresses ever pop up in the future, it is being re-used again. That isn't really nice if you're not up-front about it. And you can't compare Facebook with a stranger in this context, it's a big company with a public image to maintain. And I think most people have problems with calling SaaS a "cloud". According to that definition, a hosted visitor counter you can embed on your website can be called "Cloud Counting", and that's nothing new. This couldn't come at a better / worse time for me. I finished college 3 years ago, and spent the last 3 years building a startup. It's an extremely stressful time at the moment, and we're in talks with our first "big fish" (> 1 million / year) clients. Basically, it either needs to work out in the next 6 months or the plug will be pulled. Lately, I've been feeling socially isolated big time. I've been neglecting a lot of friendships over the past few years, always feeling guilty when I'm not working, not being able to enjoy the more important things in life, always using the excuse that I have more important things to deal with my life right now. "When my company gets going, I'll start spending things on the finer things in life", I would say. I guess for me, part of it was a bit of a dream, a fantasy image I would hold on to: this dream will either become reality or fail in the next few months, and with this chance of failure coming closer and closer, I guess something snapped with me -- too much stress, and putting way too much pressure on myself. Failure is not an option, because otherwise I completely blew it with a huge part of my social life, and will have nothing left. I'm not sure why I'm sharing this, and it's not really a cohesive story, but I I guess I needed to vent with people who kind of can relate. I guess this is one of those phases in life I need to get through to realize what's more important in life. I have a problem. I would like to thank everyone for the kind replies and helpful advice -- they're much appreciated and perhaps unsurprisingly, very accurate. Most of it is exactly what I needed to hear. Escaping from other issues in my life is definitely something that has been going on: it's easy to fill a certain emptiness in your life with work. It's harder to actually realize that and do something about it. Right now it all comes down to changing perspective: take distance from work and realize it's far from everything. I might even enjoy it again if I do. And the Christmas season is probably a good time to call a few lost friends. Once again, thanks for all the kind replies. This hacker is just going through a rough time, but will definitely come out stronger. It just sucks when you're in the middle of it. :-) Apparently it's some sort of 4chan meme http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/i-accidentally Yes there is: measure the frequencies each banner is shown to each visitor and add that data to your optimization parameters. Of course this requires you to identify and track each individual visitor, but it's a standard practice in online ad systems. This is marketing at its best. Consider the quote: "today, for titles that have a Kindle edition, Kindle book sales are 48 percent of the physical sales." That sounds really great: however, how much percent of the books have a Kindle edition ? In addition to that, more importantly, this is only within the Amazon audience: I bet a lot more Amazon customers fall into the eBook audience than the average audience of bookstores. But by stories like these, a lot of people will be made aware of the success of the eBooks, and will be afraid of missing out on something. However, over here in The Netherlands, some numbers were released today: 60,000 eBook sales in 2009. Compare that to the total of 50,000,000 books sold, and you can see eBooks still account for about 0.1% of the total book sales. Hardly comparable to the "48%" named in the article. Here is a dutch article: http://nos.nl/artikel/125693-60000-ebooks-verkocht-in-nederl... And the translated version: http://translate.google.com/translate?js=y&prev=_t&h... I'm using this application for a few weeks now. The application needs to be calibrated for the first few days, but after that it works really well. I'm pleasantly surprised by the accuracy of the application and the ease of use. The low price ($0.99) makes it easy to try it out too, so if you care about these kind of things, I can recommend it. One thing I've noticed is that in your sleep, you're sometimes rolling over while being "half awake": you wouldn't remember it if you would fall back asleep, but if you're inside the specific timeframe you've set your alarm to, this application will wake you up, and you indeed do feel more fresh than coming out of a deep sleep. And the charts are nice too. From the FAQ: "How well does Sleep Cycle work with 2 people sharing a bed? Our experience is that it works very well. Normally your body will "block" the movement of the other person and the iPhone will not detect that movement. You can test this yourself by using the test function in Sleep Cycle." That's probably because most people only sporadically have to write shellscripts. If you had to write it every day, I bet you wouldn't have that problem. Having said that, I personally don't feel shellscripting is all that intuitive either. He wasn't implying that Dutch law was valid in the US, he was simply stating that because perhaps there is some similar law in the US (hence the "I don't know about the US"). Besides, does one really need to provide a valid reason to delete an account ? Isn't "just because" good enough ? What would you base that budget on, without in-depth internal knowledge ? Why is that ? IANA's task is to coordinate the assignment of, among others, port numbers, not to promote free / open software. I'm not sure, but I recently snatched the domain adfeeling.com via Godaddy's domain backorder system. I probably was pretty ignorant on the whole thing now I read this story, but in the end, it all went pretty smooth and the costs were predictable. Yeah, never understand why companies go this way, when responding to social media. I assume it's an act of impulse by one of their employees, I would be amazed if it was actually discussed and cleared by their PR department. But it sure doesn't look professional at all, and I do expect professionalism from a company like Comscore. I can understand that certain companies use social media to be more authentic and to not sound like a PR. But comScore targets enterprise clients. They should play the enterprise game, not the social media game (although the two aren't mutually exclusive, I expect them to sound professional at all times). Our service needs to be highly available, so our infrastructure reflects this. Basically, we have a hosting provider that has 3 geographically separated datacenters within the same IP subnet. We have a clustered loadbalancer solution, with one loadbalancer in each datacenter, that monitor each other. When one loadbalancer goes down, another one picks up the same IP address of the one that went down, and the whole thing fails over to another datacenter. Of course, the load balancers have a lot more webservers behind this, but this is what we consider a pretty highly availalbe solution for the front-end. The problem is in the backend: how do you handle databases going down ? Do you make a master/slave setup like the loadbalancers I just described? Or a multi-master that sync periodically ? It all depends upon your requirements. So in the end, there is no best practice, there's just a good practice for your problem. How about just entering a postal code ? Thanks, you're an excellent writer, I'm looking forward to your next contribution. I think you're missing the point of the article: the point is that New World people don't care about all that openness of their computer, just like most people don't care about the openness of their car. They just want it to work, and work really well; Apple's approach is one way to fulfill these requirements, but I don't see Lisp machines and OLPC doing this. Essentially he's repeating what everyone here probably already knows, and connecting that to the iPad. We're the minority, and Apple's audience might start shifting away from a niche, hip gadget-audience to an incredibly mainstream audience. Definitely reminds me of Disney. Apparantly, it's been used in many movies, as seen here: http://us.imdb.com/name/nm0006269/ But can't find anything about the Beauty & The Beast there. Perhaps they want to make some exclusive deals with Apple in the future, and don't want to go through the hassle / bad publicity if they disable the Amazon API on mobile devices in the future ? Perhaps they have some plans with the Kindle and are afraid that having other mobile devices using the Amazon API will hurt those plans ? From http://www.dogoodhq.com/publishers : "The DoGooder does not block ads from being served on websites. Consequently, any CPM revenue agreements you have with your ad network / servers remains unaffected- yes, you still get paid." I wonder what that means; they don't get into the technical specifics, but I get the impression that they will simply download the ads, and replace the ads with DoGood ads as soon as they're downloaded. This might be even worse: it messes up statistics for advertisers, and in the end, it will cause your inventory's value to decrease, thus resulting in a lower CPM value. Additionally, it gives advertisers yet another reason to push for performance-based (CPC/CPA) campaigns, instead of the CPM-based campaigns used for premium content nowadays. How is it self-righteous to turn off a feature on your site that you feel is currently causing more harm than doing good? Are they in some way obligated to give the trolls a place to troll? Sorry, I misunderstood that then, my bad. "I know personally that lots of you know lots of things and you don’t say the Stuff That Matters. It’s okay to call people idiots, or dopes, or morons, or liars when they are. This is part of the process of transparency." No, it's not, that's called an insult, and it's generally bad form. It's only useful when it actually contributes to something, and I don't see how insulting people contributes to anything. Likely, this is what separates the people that actually know the "Stuff That Matters" and the people that act like they know. Or, you might as well use something more sophisticated like KeePass: http://keepass.info/ You will never actually type any passwords anymore (except perhaps your master password, which can be a signature file too), so no keys to log. You can find the Firefox plugin here: http://keefox.org/ Right. At Google's scale, it will even benefit them a lot if other broadband providers provide a better service, since it promotes more use of the internet, and thus more ad income for Google. We are using it in production, currently replicating across multiple datacenters. We're mainly using it as a CRUD datastore with advanced stored procedures and atomic update capabilities. At peak moments our MongoDB servers are handling around 10,000 operations / second. which database servers advertise "single server durability" as a feature Any database server that advertises being ACID compliant: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID#Durability Well, it's kind of hard to tell, since we're combining our MongoDB nodes with other services too (Hadoop DFS datanodes too, to name a common example). We're running MongoDB on 12 different virtual dedicated servers, comparable to a dual core Intel Xeon with 4GB ram. But I can tell you that you really shouldn't worry about MongoDB and performance, unless you want a really high load on a single server; I've heard it being able to do 20k write ops / sec on a single commodity server. From what I can see, our results kinda line up with that: MongoDB performance certainly isn't a problem. Furthermore, all the references to KB71033 found by Google are about this exact same phone-home news: http://www.google.com/search?q=KB71033 Why the extremes of 'the past' or 'the future'? Can't it just be 'a part' of the internet? Yes they did, but that wasn't a wrong move, business-wise. This is seriously wrong, because people actually care about this stuff. People don't really care about China or cookies. This, on the other hand, is so obviously invading people's privacy, that a lot of people seem to understand it. This is a great marketing campaign. $1.3 million a month isn't a lot of money for a company like Pepsi, but they get a lot in return. The brand engagement will be huge, it is likely to go viral on some level. It gives their brand a good name. It gives them an excuse to advertise their brand at the execution of the ideas too, without looking like an evil corporation exploiting a good cause. Pretty smart, if you ask me. Who makes the automation possible? This whole discussion can be summed up with "know your audience". If you have stupid people in your audience, you should design for stupid people; companies like Facebook and Google should design for stupid people, the rest of the world doesn't. In the end, it's Google's responsibility to find the correct page for what it's users are looking for, even if they're using it as some sort of web-CLI for the wrong purpose. Google has the stupid people in its audience, so Google should design for them. Heck, Google should be able to detect a person's intentions; not sure if they can, but at least I guess it would be possible to classify websites as stupid and people as stupid, and match accordingly. And what they found was that a "reliable cookie" overstates user counts 2 to 4 times. That's right, if your analytics software uses cookies, it is possible that your unique visitor counts are 2 to 4 times too high. I wonder what their methods for determining this is. Do they mean that an average user clears their cookies 2 to 4 times within a typical reporting period (unlikely)? Do they mean that an average user uses 2 to 4 different browsers to access the same site (unlikely)? Or do they mean that the average user accesses the same websites from 2 to 4 different computers (more likely)? These kind of claims don't mean anything if you don't know how to interpret it. People know how to interpret unique visitors: it essentially means "unique browser sessions", and most people that are serious about analytics are aware of this. But don't start dividing the unique visitors by 2 to 4 yet, if you don't know what the resulting number exactly represents. (disclaimer: I'm a service provider in online ads and biased too) Haven't we been doing that for ages with things like MSN/AOL messenger? Isn't this just an extra means of communication, instead of a replacement as you're suggesting? It's already being discussed here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1147670 Aren't you giving them permission when you agree with their terms? Except that that part is only about things you truly can't change, - which isn't applicable to a lot of bitching, since people rarely bitch about things they can't change. If you enjoy this, I recommend watching the following BBC Horizon documentary, "Do you know what time it is?" http://www.youtube.com/view_play_list?p=B6BE0700688DBF9D If I may ask a related question, I recently read the book "The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality", which is targeted to an audience of non-specialists too. Do you happen to know it, and do you happen to have an opinion about the accuracy of it? It appears to be genuinely accurate, but I have reference to know this is true. From http://www.amazon.com/Fabric-Cosmos-Space-Texture-Reality/dp... : "Assuming an audience of non-specialists, Greene has set himself a daunting task: to explain non-intuitive, mathematical concepts like String Theory, the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, and Inflationary Cosmology with analogies drawn from common experience. For the most part, he succeeds." (Disclaimer: I'm that friend) I'm pretty conservative about this, since it's hard to completely oversee the influence it has on a community (Slashdot's tag system comes to mind). While the need of categories/tags is already illustrated with the "Ask HN:" in this title, it does raise a few concerns: - it puts an extra burden on the submitter, do we really want that ? - is there enough content on HN to justify a category system at all ? - what if someone submits content in the wrong category, how should we deal with that? should the mods deal with this, thus adding an extra burden on the mods too? - what if an article belongs to multiple categories? All in all, doesn't it create more problems than it actually solves? I agree, - to name an example, "be yourself" has to do with social situations, if it were about happiness "accept yourself for who you are" would have been more appropriate. This argument is based on false assumptions. Funding your content through advertising is hugely inefficient. Of the people who visit your site, usually only a tiny proportion click on (or notice) an advert, and only a tiny proportion of those then spends any money. This assumes that just viewing an advertisement doesn't create value for an advertiser. It does. Look at the average TV channel or print magazine for evidence. I’ve heard Google pass as little as one twelfth onto the publisher in some cases While I'm not sure about Google, I do know that most display advertising networks pay their publishers around 30% - 50% of the gross income. But seriously, advertising is a broken method of paying for stuff. If we could unobtrusively pay for content on the Internet, I’m sure enough people would do so to more than cover costs of production. While I agree that there is probably a decent community of people that would probably pay for content online, I'm not convinced that this would be true for most people. Sites that offer a subscription to get rid of the ads, usually have very few subscribers. People simply like free stuff, and don't like to pay for content. Now this could indeed be due to the payment model, I'm not sure; maybe something facebook-connect-like for paid content would work, but I'm still not convinced that a large enough base of people would actually pay the same money as they're generating in advertising value, to make this work. Let's take a few very large sites, and imagine what would happen if they went to a payment supported revenue model, instead of advertising supported. Let's say, Google or CNN. What would happen if they started putting up a paywall? Would people really start paying for those services, or would they simply move to a competing site, which is ad-supported and for free? I'm willing to bet most people would go for the last option. People just don't mind ads as much as they mind paying for stuff. (Disclaimer: I work in online ads.) Yep. I recently saw the lighting setup of one of my favorite cooking websites, FXcuisine.com: http://fxcuisine.com/zoom-image.asp?image=http://images.fxcu... It's amazing how professional it looks, but then again, the pictures always look delicious. You're forgetting the fact that there's already a very active market of addons for Microsoft Office applications. While searching for a new hosting provider a few months ago, I had a few (on-site) conversations with Leaseweb in The Netherlands too. I can confirm they seem to be nice people (although we decided to go with another company). Like many people here, I search, perhaps, hundreds of times per day. (Hmm, that's a stat I should keep) Don't worry, Google already does that for you: https://www.google.com/history/ [..] and they reply saying 'It sounds interesting, but I don't have time for it unfortunately.' Thereby implying that you are lazy, and they are busy. Don't assume they're implying you're lazy, it could very well be a way of telling you that they don't find it that interesting without being rude. Besides, what's wrong with having different interests? Isn't it normal that one person finds something more interesting than the other, and therefore is willing to spend more of his spare time on it? That doesn't imply one is more lazy than the other, that just means they have different passions. While I agree that the per-user karma is worthless, comparing the rating of comments with the rating of stories is a bit like apples and oranges: multiple users can submit the same story, and when one submission "wins" over the other, little harm is done to the whole of HN. But when a comment is downvoted solely because people disagree with it, it hurts the discussion because the well constructed comment is less likely to be seen. Furthermore, this works both ways: snarky comments with little added value suddenly get a lot of appearance. It's a very difficult problem to solve, but to just "not give a hoot" is hard, given the fact that the order of appearance for comments on HN depends so much on karma. I don't think you understand my point: I agree that per-user karma records are worthless. However, I am not convinced that there is little to lose with bad comment ratings, since HN bases the appearance of comments on these ratings. Well, you can already do something like that, just a little slower (which gives you more time to appreciate the landscape changing): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trans-Siberian_Railway It essentially connects Vladivostok with Europe, going through countries like North Korea and China, making the railway even larger than the railway proposed in this article. Hmmm, now I might be completely ignorant, but care to explain why? As far as I understood, the train splits in China with a connection to Pyongyang. Only 481 for the literal "dead simple" match: http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&q=%22dead+simple%22+s... Still a lot, but not nearly as much. I'm getting more and more annoyed by these kind of articles. Why are people talking about NoSQL and relational databases as if they're solving the same problems? There is no "NoSQL" mindset to fight against, and there is no "RDBMS" mindset to fight against: the only mindset to fight against, is a mindset that says a silver bullet exists. Perception is also a factor: if you charge a premium price, people will assume you are the premium product. If you were the only person using the public roads, I wouldn't see a problem with it; the problem is that other people are using the roads too, and at that point, you're putting those people at risk. Yes, I was confused there for a minute, thinking it was about a new type of IP-based online ad provider. 2) It has no persistence. Isn't persistence achieved when you use a Broker architecture, which is supported by ZeroMQ? Since they name it "Real time DART data", I suppose it's about DART, which is the name of their adserving platform. One can only assume it's about their entire adserving platform. Well, they could also have been using unsalted hashes, and they're afraid someone might use a rainbow table to find out the original password. Still bad, but not nearly as bad. I'm not sure whether it's more readable though, which imho is more important. Exactly. I assumed that meta-ignorance would be about not realizing that not having the information about something is making you ignorant, but instead the author just gives examples of being ignorant. It's kind of ironic actually. What we're doing is this: when doing upgrades that actually changes the data model, they go in two phases: * First, an upgrade that understands the old model and the new model, internally uses the new model, and writes in the old model. This means that this new version is 100% compatible with the old version. We launch new services, test them, add them to the load balancer, and remove the old services from the loadbalancer. * Secondly, a new update is launched: this one is almost the same as the previous version, except that it writes its data in the new model too. The same process with launching new services and adding to the load balancer is repeated. Using this two-phase upgrade has the major advantage that you're always running the new services next to an old version that is completely compatible, data-model-wise, and thus allows you to do an emergency rollback to a previous version if required. The trick with adding to the load balancer also ensures that no downtime is experienced for the clients. All this requires quite a bit of work (especially since you need to deploy multiple releases), so it depends on how much zero-downtime upgrades are worth to you. IMHO there would be only one thing that makes sense: money earned. Because it forces one to think things through instead of using trial and error. Those points do not refute the argument that the Chinese government might go after the employees, and Google is being careful with that. Google's position in China is sensitive given the things that happened there in the past months, and I can imagine they don't want to fuel the fire any more than necessary. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1272569 (I know it only takes 2 clicks to see the source, but how many people check out the source code of every page we see through the day ?) The same kind of people that go hunting for credit card numbers online? Who says you can't start a startup after completing college? And on top of that, I'm pretty sure webkit infringes at least some patents too, which is used as an example of Apple supporting and contributing to open source. So he's using double standards again. Just curious, but what's the business model behind embed.ly? How does one generate revenue from such a service? I would even hesitate calling it a master's degree. I did a bachelor in software engineering, and this is exactly the kind of stuff we had to learn. I did an internship working on speech recognition, and we worked on exactly the statistical relations between words as you describe it. "Rest in peas" is a perfect example of a sentence that would have been corrected. I was confused for a moment, there's already a C HTTP server library called Mongoose: http://code.google.com/p/mongoose/ It is beneficial for a translator to rate similar translators negatively, especially with languages for which very few translators exist (for example, my native language Dutch has 5 translators at the moment), which creates a new problem. You'll probably get the best quality by letting N translators translate a certain text, and let another translator select the best match, all anonymously of course. Are any HN'ers already using Wave to collaborate within their team? If so, for what purposes, and would you mind to describe your workflow? Well you do talk a bit about fights becoming more structured, but I get the impression that you're talking about "emotionally engaged" discussions there. That still doesn't completely answer the question how it avoids race conditions and the likes without locking. Assume I'm executing multiple long-running transactions, each hitting and modifying a lot (millions) of different objects. How are race conditions avoided in this case ? One engine that distributes and coordinates work plans for the other engines sounds nice, but does this essentially mean that only one of these transactions is able to run at the same time, even when they could be running concurrently when using locking? http://www.iconfinder.com/ allows you to filter on commercial use. Adsense uses behavioral targeting, of which a part is based on the search queries you enter into Google (as in, when you're searching for "christmas toys" on Google, for a certain amount of time you become a hot target for relevant ads in Adsense). Other ad providers were able to mimic this by analyzing the referrer urls from which people were being redirected. This is not possible anymore. If Adsense doesn't disable this functionality, then Google is indeed acting anticompetitive. Apparently you're correct, I have looked up the privacy policy and was unable to find any indication they're using the keywords you're searching for for Adsense. I apologize for making wild claims. Exactly. It's not like BP suddenly is a different company; they're just experiencing some bad publicity, and have some costs for cleaning up an oil leak. Sure, that should make their company less valuable, but there's no way BP has suddenly shrunk 25%. So either they were overvalued before, are currently undervalued, or a combination of both. So what happens when a mailserver uses greylisting to filter spam ? Think of it the other way too: it allows the HTTP server to start writing the file to disk without having to completely load the file into memory. Ehrm, yes, you're correct, I wasn't fully awake yet. I apologize. I find this statement particularly interesting: For example, I think constructors and destructors are pretty easy and hard to misuse. Now, I am aware that the competence of the average GCC committer probably exceeds that of the average programmer, but still, constructors and destructors are easy to misuse: throwing an exception in the constructor comes to mind, in which case the destructor isn't called. Anything about C++ can be probably misused in the hands of the inexperienced. Other than that, I think this is a good move, and it'll be interesting to see how this develops. There probably are a lot of (heavy) opinions on this inside the GCC community, and it it'll be interesting to see which directions they choose to go. Yes, that would indeed be the case if they compiled with -fno-exceptions, which they just might do indeed, - otherwise, you can still cause exceptions to be thrown without using them yourself (for example, if you're out of memory, 'new Foo ()' causes a std::bad_alloc () exception to be thrown). And yes, I feel for the people in the GCC community that have to lead the team through this process of coming up with an acceptable policy most people agree with. I'm pretty sure it will be a challenging task with lots of egos colliding. The constructor might be partially executed before the exception is thrown (for example, allocated memory or locked resources), in which case those things don't get cleaned up. I'm not arguing it isn't correct behavior, it's just that things don't always seem as easy and straightforward as they look on first sight. You should randomize the list when you display it, to make it more fair for people who sign up late. A lot of entrepreneurs envy the Google founders, since they were regular engineers and, partially by accident, built a company that turned out to become billions of dollars. Some blog posts make use of this envy by giving tips on how to become the next Google, while in fact, it's just a cheap trick to get people's interest instead of actually giving tips on how to become the next Google: it's completely unrealistic. This cartoon makes fun of those blog posts. Maybe this is something that interests you: http://blog.boxedice.com/2010/02/28/notes-from-a-production-... I'm not 100% certain whether I like this. Consider the following concurrent pseudo-code: class A { public: void add () { // _v += "foo"; } std::string const get () { // return _v; } private: std::string _v; }; Now, if I launch multiple threads that call get () and add () at the same time, normally this would be thread-safe, if locking occurs. However, if I understood it correctly, get () can also return by reference, since it is const. Wouldn't this create race conditions? This article raises some fair points, but it comes off as a bit biased and compares extremes a few times. "Geographic Redundancy and Diversity The Cloud Way: The cloud out of the box gives you the power to instantiate your services in geographically diverse regions. The Traditional Data Center: To do the same with your own data centers is very costly / time consuming / resource intensive. " There are many ISP's that allow you to rent multiple servers spread across multiple datacenters. As a matter of fact, we are with an ISP that has 5 geographically separated datacenters and renting dedicated servers there. It's not that different from setting it up in the cloud, you run into the same hard problems: replication, master/slave, latency, split brain problems, etc. "Load Balancing & Basic Monitoring The Cloud Way: The cloud provides this at a basic level and gets you off the ground quickly. The Traditional Data Center: You don’t need to implement your own solution unless you really need to do some advanced loadbalancing for example." This is another thing that many regular hosting providers offer. Monitoring and load balancing is not something that's unique to clouds. All in all, while I agree that in some situations, a cloud offers you more possibilities to easily achieve high availability, some of the hardest problems remain unsolved. When you actually want very high availability and consistency across multiple geographically separated locations, cloud or no cloud, it's still going to be incredibly hard to solve. iAds is the new mobile advertising platform from Apple. See: http://advertising.apple.com/ I don't see this feature yet, is it perhaps enabled for a select number of accounts? > To anyone who has tasted real cheese, it's just bizarre. And even in Europe, "real" cheese isn't real anymore. Back in the day, cheese usually had those big holes in it, - they were caused by pro biotic bacteria, while the cheese was aging. However, due to these holes, the transportation of cheese became less efficient, the sizes became unpredictable and therefore the cheeses became harder to stack. So, nowadays, most big producers of cheese perform a heating process to kill all bacteria, getting rid of one of the few things that were actually healthy of cheese. http://www.food-info.net/uk/dairy/cheese-production.htm It's like telling your kids you don't have to smoke to be cool, while smoking daily yourself. It's not very convincing, but not hypocritical either. actually there was multi-threading, using sort of kick-based synchronisation primitive I think they actually used an actor-based threading model. The ability to write code in a complex manner is not the same as a complex language. I can write completely incomprehensible PHP code too, that doesn't mean PHP is a complex language. It means I'm a bad coder (in that language). I don't have anything useful to add what others have not said before, but this I deeply recognize: "It's not enough for me to just exist. I feel a deep desire to build, to create, to learn, to teach, and as the weeks and months drag by with no discernible progress made on many of these fronts, my agitation grows." I suggest you read Symposium by Plato, especially the part where Socrates has his word. Although it was only a small part of the many things that helped me get over this, it is one of the most concrete things I can suggest. While Symposium actually goes deep into the subject of love, part of the point Socrates tries to make (or rather, Diotima of Mantinea via Socrates) is that humans have a deep desire to immortalize themselves by procreation, be it with arts, poetry, fame or life. While on the subject, possibly Alcibiades I by Plato might be an even better read. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Alcibiades If science has taught us one thing, it's that almost always, what once looked like a solid theory, is found to be way more subtle and complex in a later stage. In addition to this, it's almost impossible to prove something in physics. You can use deduction to support your theory, but you can't prove it in the same way that you can formulate a mathematical proof. That's why it's called a theory: because it's not a proven fact. However, to make claims like "the universe will always be here, it has always been here, it cannot go away" because otherwise it would violate the first law of thermodynamics is just as bad. The second law of thermodynamics has been haunted by Maxwell's demon for at least a century, and although it does appear to be safe at this point, I wouldn't be surprised if all of this would be proven to be more complex in the future. So, while you're correct for doubting the big bang theory for too much scientific faith, you might as well put a lot more doubt in other areas as well. A lot of physics is built around faith. I meant faith as in, "I have faith in the economy". I think we all know that proofs are a central part of every field of science. But history has shown that a lot of laws were discovered to be wrong (or incomplete) in the past. Things like the laws of gravity by Newton come to mind. People had a lot of faith in those laws, we're able to send rockets to the moon based on those calculations, but still Einstein managed to show that everything is a lot more complex with his theory of relativity. "First off, I didn't insult you by name right? Which means I didn't insult _you_ I insulted your ideologies." I speak for myself, not for the supposed audience you're alienating, but I simply do not like your tone. That doesn't mean i'm insulted or offended, but it simply means I don't like it when people feel the need to vent in such a harsh manner. Having said that, I do respect you for putting your money where your mouth is. I think you are talking about this NYT column: "The Men Who Stare at Screens", http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/14/phys-ed-the-men-who... HN discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1514818 It's not a lot of money when you're running a benchmark on EC2 or something. A few dollars for a bunch of instances for a few hours. Besides, that way you have a kind of neutral frame of reference on the performance. What if you're making a product that caters to enterprises? "I dunno, no one made them set out the promises they chose to make, that was their own decision." Some people have a lot of problems dealing with peer pressure, and are willing to make promises because they think that's what people expect of them, not necessarily because they're convinced they can actually deliver. Sure, they could have chosen not to make those promises, but you have to put it into context. "If any group of people should be able to give a company like Wakemate some slack, it's HN." I'm really surprised by a lot of HN'ers reactions on this Wakemate thing indeed. What is it that makes many HN'ers so upset about this? What makes this so different than, for example, the Diaspora guys, who generally get sympathy from the HN community? A friend of mine suffers from MS about 20 years and currently is in the later stages of the disease. She heard about this last year, she was indeed diagnosed with a venous insufficiency, and actually had the "liberation procedure" done by dr. Zamboni himself. She hasn't seen a single improvement since the operation (5 months ago). I personally find this one of the most inspiring pieces i've recently read, and I think it's of interest to a lot of HN'ers. "Can anything be sillier than the point of view of certain people—I mean those who boast of their foresight? They keep themselves very busily engaged in order that they may be able to live better; they spend life in making ready to live! They form their purposes with a view to the distant future; yet postponement is the greatest waste of life; it deprives them of each day as it comes, it snatches from them the present by promising something hereafter." That is something that's stuck in my head ever since. Related to http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1601281 http://pastie.org/private/wdxy6okmfffj33ygs4m1xq Not only are there multiple paths to becoming good, but "good" depends entirely on the requirements. In a start-up, a good programmer often is a programmer that has the ability to complete requirements as fast as possible. You don't want a start-up developer writing 10 lines of code a day on average while being on the hunt for the "best" solution, if there even exists such a thing. It all totally depends on context, and these articles always use the context from which the author is biased. Honestly, I'd like to know, can ANYONE explain that? The only thing I can think of is that reviewing or purchasing through ITMS requires more active engagement, instead of the more passive scrobbling. Of course this engagement requires more effort, but they want people to purchase through iTunes and review things in ITMS anyway, perhaps they like to provide an extra incentive to do so, and at the same time make you more loyal to ITMS instead of other competitive music stores online? I'm not sure I would've made the same decision (realizing that people are lazy by nature and want their music profile to be built automatically), but these are the only arguments I can think of. After some quick googling, I found more references to this claim, but only in comments on articles: http://www.networkworld.com/community/node/37608 : "The use of a corporate jet is often required by corporate policy intended to protect the executive from the threat of violence or abduction. " http://www.swamppolitics.com/news/politics/blog/2008/11/auto... : "Most corporate CEOs in companies with corporate jets are REQUIRED to use those jets as their ONLY mode of travel, as per the insurance requirements of being the Chief Executive Office and Chairman of a Publicly Traded Company.". I don't get it. They were using Map/Reduce as a way to build the index, which they were able to query in mere milliseconds. This article claims that in order to facilitate Google Instant, they had to ditch the Map/Reduce-oriented updating of the index. How are these mutually exclusive? If you look at quotes like these: "Goal is to update the search index continuously, within seconds of content changing, without rebuilding the entire index from scratch using MapReduce." To me, this seems as if this change has nothing to do with Google Instant. This has more to do with being able to respond instantly to new content, instead of being able to query the index quickly. It sounds like they added support for distributed stored procedures on top of BigTable, which reminds me a bit of the way MongoDB implemented Map/Reduce. But I bet that they in no way at all have dumped Map/Reduce. Can't this information be derived from http://hackernewsers.com/pages/map.html ? But how is this so different from the index servers? No map/reduce was required to lookup a query in the index servers, it was only used to /build/ to index servers. I can see that this new method allows for more rapid modifications of the index servers, but I don't see how it is related to Google Instant. Furthermore, if you look up an article TFA links to: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/09/09/google_caffeine_expl... , you see quotes like this: "Google distinguished engineer Ben Gomes told The Reg that Caffeine was not built with Instant in mind, but that it helped deal with the added load placed on the system by the "streaming" search service. "Lipkovitz makes a point of saying that MapReduce is by no means dead. There are still cases where Caffeine uses batch processing, and MapReduce is still the basis for myriad other Google services. " I can't wait for the technical papers on Caffeine either, but to me it does not seem related to Google Instant in many ways, it's just part of Google's desire to be able to respond more rapidly to changing content on the internet. Which is totally OK with me. But then people shouldn't claim they dumped Map/Reduce in order to implement Google Instant. That can only be a downfall if the FB "Open Graph" becomes the key to Facebook's long-term success, - it isn't, yet. "I have almost no problems with people who smoke weed every once in a while, just as I don't have problems with people who go to the pub sometimes or with people who drink the odd coffee. I do sincerely have problems with people who smoke pot every other night, or every time they hang out with people, or every time they get even a little stressed." But why do you have problems with that? It appears to me as if have problems with other people who don't fit into your personal view of how one should lead its life. Or is this the only thing? I personally can completely understand that you don't see the added value for yourself, but I don't get the part where you have an irrational hatred of smoking. It seems like you want to restrict others the choice of leading their lives the way they see fit, without harming others. Do you have this irrational hatred in other areas too? What do you think about lazy people, for example? Or people who have other religious views than yourself? From the article: "At what karma level can I downvote articles ? There is no karma level that I know of that will allow you to downvote articles." and "What [karma] does give you is that at some point you can downvote other comments and it gives you the ability to flag posts." In other words, you can't downvote articles, ever, and you can downvote comments after a certain karma threshold has been reached. > Adding an accept option would only add an unnecessary layer without changing much. How about making a privacy option that allows you to set whether you automatically opt-in into groups or whether you want to be asked for a confirmation? I don't know about you, but I want to be in control of which groups I join, even if only my friends are able to force-join me. Do you also hate people who voluntarily kill their own brain cells using other means, or in any other ways damage their own body ? This was asked 2 weeks ago: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1842289 It depends on many factors what the optimal number of concurrent builds is, but the bottom line is that you want to maximize your CPU utilization and minimize context switching. If you think that one extra concurrent job is enough to fill CPU utilization in the time that other jobs are blocking on iowait, then you are fine. So, bottom line, factors to think about: - your i/o throughput for writing the generated object files; - the complexity of the code being compiled, - template-rich C++ code has a lot higher CPU usage versus i/o ratio - the amount of cores in your system Yep, we have them over here too in The Netherlands. This roundabout in my hometown scores very high on my dangerous-situations-you-rather-avoid list: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/KeizerKar... Traffic lights for getting on and off the roundabout, and traffic that enters the roundabout actually has precedence over traffic that's already on it, contrary to common roundabout rules. Lots of accidents happen because of it, and I have no idea what made people think this was a good idea. It's nice to say this algorithm is virtually O(n) in practice, but that's about the "cycling" mechanism only. It needs to prepare a dictionary with offsets, which has to loop over all the keys, perform an O (log n) insert operation on all the keys, and allocate memory on the heap. This already makes it (almost) O (n log n), without even doing the actual sorting. It's a nice idea, but it's not O(n). Hash tables still are O (n) worst-case scenario for each insert operation. Besides, that doesn't solve the heap allocation issue, which usually are O(log n) (for tree-based allocators). Thanks for the thorough explanation, - I guess I should do my research better next time. The book "Elements of Programming" is a good read, http://www.elementsofprogramming.com/ , although it's a bit theoretical. While the book isn't free, this blog thoroughly covers the book and the lessons learned from it in a lecture series: http://cpp-next.com/archive/2009/11/%E2%80%9Celements-of-pro... That was my first intuition too. It sounds like a classic race condition, in which case you would simply acquire the highest level of locking (exclusive) before reading the data, to make sure all your accesses to the shared data are synchronized. But I'm pretty sure I'm misunderstanding what the author was trying to say. Just thinking out loud, but if this codec becomes dominant, and is only released by Microsoft on the Windows platform, perhaps it's another reason to prefer Windows over OSX? You can hire the developers of mongodb, 10gen, themselves, they provide commercial support / consulting for mongodb. http://www.10gen.com/ In addition to these two, the popular Silk icons set should not be forgotten: http://www.famfamfam.com/archive/silk-icons-thats-your-lot/ It seems like all these icon sets are somewhat compatible, they have a similar style. I wouldn't be afraid to mix and match icons from these sets together, so that makes a pretty large collection of icons to use. I don't like these quick one-line quotes, especially when they're bold statements without explanation. Why is this quote true? Isn't building an identity in the mind of the consumers one of the basic marketing rules, and doesn't that imply that you need to focus on what you're good at, on how you're different than your competition? I think, by definition, eval () will be impossible in a statically compiled environment. That isn't the point. The point is that it will take a very, very long time until the (outdated) IE community is small enough for developers to ignore. But they could probably run the physics loops for a few seconds and store the map layout after it has stabilized, not? Interesting that they took the approach of injecting iframes inside the page instead of deferring the ad call via something like a DOMContentLoaded event. Using the DOMContentLoaded event would even allow them to request all advertisements on a page in a single call. "Most importantly, I wouldn't let the staffing levels get this low." How would you pay for that? One minor UX note: it wasn't directly obvious to me that clicking the small preview images below "Features" resulted in the preview on the right being updated. Other than that, looks very nice! If something is severely downmodded, it will still appear light-gray, so you are still able to recognize those. The metaphors are still flawed, since it's both the route and the destination that changes, which makes things a lot more complex than just taking a different route. Yes, but if you have a cloud cluster of this size, it would still require similar time for systems administration, not? The only real difference here are hardware failures and replacements, but for a cluster of this size, I do not think that enough hardware failures will occur to occupy a technician that much compared to the cloud. I'm in no way an expert in this area, but I believe GMT != UTC, so it seems strange to add a synonym for both of them. Ok, makes sense, thanks for the clarification. I can only comment on the following two points: - Define g and s as parameter even though they're only given a value inside the function - Pass document into the function instead of using it from global scope This is not necessarily true: javascript passed arguments by reference, and thus g and s are actually "given back" to the caller, who can then do different things with those objects. d is not necessarily a document, but can be something different too: consider, for example, the contentWindow of an iframe. More memory capacity is just one of the use cases. Just to name one example, when doing string comparisons, you can use long integer comparisons under the hood. When using 8 byte longs instead of 4 byte longs, string comparisons are faster. I stand corrected, you are right. Then the only thing I can think about is that accepting it as an additional parameter in the function call is less overhead (as in, bytes) than defining 'b' as a var: function a(b) { b = 10; } is smaller than function a() { var b = 10; } and doesn't pollute the global namespace. EDIT: I see dave1010uk also said this. What if your email is the account being compromised? For what it worth, The Netherlands accepted a law last tuesday that requires excplicit opt-in for all third-party cookies for all websites that are aimed towards a Dutch audience. The industry is required to comply by the summer of 2012, altough it claims it's not possible to implement this law, since it requires the use of cookies to keep track of the visitor's preferences. The industry in The Netherlands continues to implement the opt-out registry found at www.youronlinechoices.org, since it sees the law as not technically possible. http://www.iab.nl/2011/06/21/kamer-stemt-voor-ondubbelzinnig... Google translate: http://translate.google.com/translate?js=n&prev=_t&h... Which is exactly what the OP is trying to say, that this poll is statistically useless and therefore has no value. So does the book "The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing" ( http://www.amazon.com/22-Immutable-Laws-Marketing-Violate/dp... ). It essentially claims that a brand should not try to be all things to all people. Different brands, however, can. For a good discussion, see: http://www.codemyownroad.com/circumventing-the-law-of-line-e... Edit: I see the book is written by the same author. Probably no coincidence. Yep. There are plenty of counter-examples of companies that set up different brand names that become stronger than a shared brand could ever be. For example, Unilever has many strong brand names: http://unilever.com/brands/?WT.GNAV=Our_brands Large breweries often have many different brands that are perceived differently by people. It's hard to build a strong brand name, but if you can pull it off and avoid line extension, it's the better way. And don't forget to ensure that you can't change your email unless you're doing it from an authorized device. Otherwise a malicious person could just change the email address where the notification emails are going to. I think reduxredacted was trying to explain how some people should just be fired for their behaviour, as generalk asserted, and was telling the story as an example. I don't think social behaviour (anger management problems) can be compared to someone's race. People will anger management problems can and will react differently in certain situations based on that sole aspect of their personality, which needs to be taken into account. Congratulations with your launch! It looks like you've got a nice hybrid between HN/Reddit-style voting and Stackoverflow-topics, - personally haven't seen such a site before. It'll be interesting to see whether you'll succeed building a community around it. Any plan-of-attacks on gaining traction? I'm not sure, - that could be a way, but only if you actually enjoy writing those articles. Just thinking out loud, your time could also be spend editorially adding more and more subjects and quality lists. The whole problem with such a site is that you need to maintain some level of quality, which is best maintained by attracting people that care about that quality. If you have a lot of quality lists with quality subjects, the next thing you need to ensure is that Google (and other search engines) pick up on that. If I search for "emacs color themes", for example, you want listry to be the #1 match in Google with a list of links to color themes. That, and just balls: try to get some popular bloggers to cover your site. If they like the concept, they won't mind vouching for you. Perhaps their rationale has something to do with a bigger plan of correlating G+ info with names of people they find online. We run an adserving company which, among other things, does optimization based on ad campaign results, - manual training of algorithms is just not going to work there, so we need to distribute the training among a cluster of machines. We're not using Mahout, but I keep an eye on it since it might be an improvement to our current solution. That's terrible that they're saying that. You would expect a CA to be the last person to try to educate others to ignore those warnings. It kind of undermines their whole reason of existence. More specifically, they have taken over operational management of the DigiNotar servers : "On 3 September, the Dutch government has taken over operational management of the DigiNotar systems that are used for certificates." http://www.govcert.nl/binaries/live/govcert/hst%3Acontent/en... I think the most obvious thing to do is to let the community decide (by flagging 9/11 posts). Maybe people should see this as a not-so-subtle hint that the flag link can be seen as a way to downvote posts. On a more personal note, however, I wouldn't mind it if the mods were a little extra strict with regards to relevance. You seem to still be trapped in the ancient mindset that an increment in the most significant version number must mean huge changes. Isn't it more about personal preference rather than having an "ancient mindset"? Interesting. That makes me wonder: would that really be the optimal approach? Google is able to return search results for previously unsearched queries nearly instantaneously too, so I'm wondering whether it's really a cache that's serving those queries. Would some sort of graph-based index be possible in this situation? This is a huge win for anyone hosting data that falls under Japan's very strict privacy and data export restrictions, and shows Linode is definitely competing for space in the professional hosting market. Since Linode is a US business, the government can still request data that is hosted on these servers, regardless of Japan's strict privacy restrictions. See, for example: http://www.zdnet.com/blog/igeneration/microsoft-admits-patri... http://www.freedomworks.org/issues/privacy/for-policy-makers... http://news.softpedia.com/news/Google-Admits-Handing-over-Eu... http://www.zdnet.com/blog/btl/dutch-government-to-ban-us-pro... etcetera. The site is currently down, here is a google cache: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?gcx=c&sourc... I don't have a good technical walkthrough, but we're providing a high availability service, and zero-downtime upgrades are a requirement. Our setup basically consists of load balancers and application servers. When we need to upgrade, we require application version x always needs to be backwards compatible with application version x - 1, both on a protocol and data model level. Basically, our upgrade procedure is as follows: 1. distribute new package to all servers; 2. run an additional application service on all servers and run some quick tests on each of them to verify proper working; 3. add new application servers to load balancers; 4. upgrade data model to new version (we use postgresql, and this happends in a single db transaction, and remember that our new version x is compatbible with both the current and the previous data model); 5. remove old application services from load balancers; 6. upgrade successful. If anything goes wrong, we can roll back each of these steps. Note that this whole process, perhaps needless to say, is fully automated. By running multiple versions inside the load balancer at the same time, and having the requirement that version x + 1 is always compatible with version x, this procedure allows us to seamlessly upgrade to a new version without any downtime. I wanted to buy the app, but I'm not allowed to since it's US-only. This has nothing to do with Flash per se. There are many techniques for storing persistent data that survives a regular cookie cleanup, of which Flash cookies are just one. Could someone please explain to me why this is different from hosting your own environment? In your own environment, $x / month gives you an environment that can handle a certain amount of load. You can either spend time (= money) on optimizizing your application so you get more bang for your buck from your hosting environment, or you can spend that money on your monthly hosting bill. And it's your job figuring out an optimal balance between those two things. But at that point, you still have a blocking call to put it on the queue at Google's servers. Which can just as well be, well, a mail server (which maintains a queue of itself). So adding another layer of abstraction on top of it kind of defeats the purpose. I think this might be of interest to you: http://www.google.com/support/analytics/bin/answer.py?answer... GA users can choose to "share" their data with Google, and this page describes the advantages users will get if they choose do to so. Recently my laptop was stolen and I needed to immediately lock down all my online accounts, since I had to assume they were all compromised. It was a very stressful and time consuming task, and I even forgot about a few. The service you describe is exactly what I've been looking for ever since, but the big problem is establishing trust. Being a for-money service would increase that trust for me. For what it's worth, I understood the comment the way it was intended in the first place. SQLite is an example of a high-quality codebase, and is available on multiple platforms. He could just as well have said "what, like SQLite, postgresql, and numerous other projects?". The keyword here is "What", which you conveniently left out of the quote. It demonstrates the author's confusion. Having said that, (written) language is a very error prone method of communication, even more so on an internet forum . By what definition? There are quite a few historical scientists who made great discoveries, who very extremely religious too. Newton comes to mind. If you settle with Java or a bit of java extensions, you can probably write your own TaskSplitter and define a way that hadoop should distribute your jobs into smaller tasks. Be aware: you might end up either having a lot of trouble getting the 'optimal splits', or you'll lose one of Hadoop's major advantages, data (calculation) locality (for example, when you decide to combine 10 smaller files into a single task, and you have 10 different DataNodes, chances are small that all files are stored on the machine that's performing the MapReduce task). One thing to note, though: HDFS is indeed very stream oriented. It works in blocks of 64 MB (by default), and only sends data upstream when you either close a file or a full block is available to be written. So, when your servers crashes at 63MB, and you have unrecoverable data, you'll have lost all 63MB of data. That was one of the big caveats we had to work around for our own problems we solve with Hadoop. Hadoop only writes a block from a client to a DataNode when a whole block is available. This is to minimize the amount of "open connections" in the datanodes (it can take a long time for the client to generate 64MB of data, while distributing the block over the replicas can occur in a relatively short time). For more information about this, see: http://hadoop.apache.org/common/docs/current/hdfs_design.htm... and http://hadoop.apache.org/common/docs/current/hdfs_design.htm... No, HN is currently using the regular HTTP protocol. In my opinion, the costs of implementing SPDY support, at the moment, outweigh the benefits of that support. Completely off-topic, but what tool did you use to create those diagrams? Kudos, they look nice! Already being discussed here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3458261 I believe this is the "Chrome Instant" feature as discussed here: http://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en-GB/webmasters-faq.html#... You can use the "X-Purpose: instant" HTTP header to detect these requests. If you're really paranoid, you can return those requests with "403 Forbidden" responses, or your analytics company will have to take these headers into account. I've got a similar problem; I've an avid rock climbing and alpinist too, and used to be an alpine instructor as a hobby. I had to give that last one up, due to liabilities: when a person I give training to makes a deadly mistake, gets disabled, etc, the chances were too big some for some liability lawsuit to occur. It's a pity these things happen. Thank god I didn't have to give up rock climbing altogether yet. I don't know whether I could make such a choice (since both are enormous passions in my life). Out of curiosity, what prevents Iran from just blocking all Tor end nods ? If del.icio.us is able to do it[1], surely Iran must be able to too. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3567996 Yes, but bear in mind that many Dutch people, while having had a few years of education in highschool, struggle when confronted with a conversation in French or German, and it's a long stretch to claim they are fluent. It's not comparable with the way people from Luxembourg speak French and German. (Disclaimer: my roots are in Luxembourg I live in The Netherlands). Premium advertisers generally avoid these kind of practices; basically they don't do business with agencies that use flash cookies and/or browser hashing. Typically, an ad network wants to conform to the guidelines set by the IAB [1], which explicitly recommends against flash cookies, calling them illegal [2]. So, all in all, if something can hurt a brand's reputation among consumers, advertisers generally don't spend their money there. Shady practices like these are among them. [1] http://www.iab.net/ [2] http://www.iabeurope.eu/news/iab-europe-condemns-%E2%80%98re... No one can ever prove such a thing. Neither can it be proven that gcc or any compiler for that matter produces error-free executables. What this does, however, is providing information and analysis about the quality of the clang compilation process as compared to gcc. That only proves that a compiler behaves according to a language definition. That does not prove the executables will behave as you expect the executables to behave, and thus there is no way knowing the executables will be error free. What filter is this getting around at actually? Since the article / post says it only works for email clients that have "show images" enabled, I'm wondering what the added value of using this technique is? Not only in Germany, it's a common restriction in many European countries: see page 44 of http://www.etsc.eu/documents/Report_Nomadic_Devices.pdf for a list of legislations in Europe in 2009. I think this is what they're talking about: http://allthingsd.com/video/?video_id=f403bcce-661b-451b-8bc... The problem is, the money still has to come from somewhere. When income drops in one area (SMS), and costs do not go down, they'll likely have to increase pricing in another area. Pardon my ignorance, but what exactly should I be looking for that warrants a frontpage of HN for this link ? In retrospect, I probably could've just refreshed the ads via JavaScript when I transitioned to a different photo Dynamically refreshing ads usually is not allowed with ad networks, since it can be abused to inflate adviews. For example, look at the AdSense policy: https://support.google.com/adsense/bin/answer.py?hl=en&a... "Any method that artificially generates clicks or impressions on your Google ads is strictly prohibited. These prohibited methods include, but are not limited to, repeated manual clicks or impressions, automated click and impression generating tools and the use of robots or deceptive software. " Whether or not using javascript falls under the category of "impression generating tools" is probably open for discussion, but I wouldn't be surprised if Google didn't like this. I am in no way an expert in this area. All I know is that the TOSes of ad networks are usually vague but very strict in this area, because of fears of abuse. You should probably talk to your account manager to get an exception / clearance prior to releasing code that dynamically refreshes ads via javascript. That was exactly what my thoughts were too: letting the OS do all the memory management, caching, is a strategy many great projects use, among which PostgreSQL and Varnish. However, I do feel there is something "wrong" about the approach MongoDB is taking. They need to allocate new files in huge buffers, which completely take up all I/O while being filled with zeroes. There is no logical hierarchy in the files, and it just feels a bit weird. Perhaps they should've taken the approach PostgreSQL did, which is to simply use files and read from them instead of using mmap. The whole reason they went for a global lock instead of more granular lock is because the whole mmap'ed area is one big blob, and it was the most "obvious" approach. This SO entry seems to answer your question fairly well: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/258091/when-should-i-use-... But to me search is about 'I know what I'm looking for so I ask for something specific', usually looking for a fairly certain answer. If this involves my search history, or people that I know, I will be able to tell the search platform that when I search, I don't want them to assume this on my behalf - this just makes my results less specific than I originally intended. We (the HN community) are not the target audience for these optimizations. Ever watched your mom type in a search query? It's aweful, sometimes I'm amazed at the results Google can produce for crappy search queries. It's those people that will benefit tremendously from these kind of optimizations. For us, who do not want the personalised search results, the standard answer has been that we should simply log off and it will be generic. While I do feel that Google should simply make this an account preference (so I don't have to log off from my gmail account just to be able to use search in a fashion I appreciate), I can clearly see and appreciate why Google is going for personalised search. Except that it "Can't do cross-shard transactions or joins". It either must have some really intelligent way to distribute the shards, or you would be losing some key database features along the way. As the CTO of an adserving company, I can confirm that we consider (too) strict legislation a big threat, and as such are more than willing to adopt initiatives like the DNT header. I can tell you from first-hand experience that they know what they're doing. They measure almost everything, nicely put together in dashboards with all the KPI's for the appropriate managers. I think it's unlikely they used a suboptimal performance indicator to judge the site's new design, and would say the same thing about craigslist. Here is a nice discussion on LWN about wakelock / autosleep: http://lwn.net/Articles/479841/ > CSS the width of a pixel is defined relative to the length of each user's arm. I had to see this for myself to believe it. "The reference pixel is the visual angle of one pixel on a device with a pixel density of 96dpi and a distance from the reader of an arm's length. For a nominal arm's length of 28 inches, the visual angle is therefore about 0.0213 degrees. For reading at arm's length, 1px thus corresponds to about 0.26 mm (1/96 inch)." Source: http://www.w3.org/TR/css3-values/ In the pure theoretical definition, packet switched networks (the internet) are not capable of giving you any guarantees on the throughput. Because of this, parties such as Amazon / Rackspace are unlikely to give you these guarantees either. The closest thing you can get to guaranteed bandwidth today is to rent (dark) fiber between multiple DC's yourself. CTO of an adserving company here. The law states that explicit consent is required for third-party tracking cookies. The law doesn't specifically say cookies either: it is deliberately vague to mean any data stored on a client's pc. So flash cookies, webstorage, etc all fall under this category. This is due to the law's original intent to fight malware / spyware. A basic summary of the relevant parts of the law can be found here: http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx?page=3 "what is the sort of application/dataset for which Mongo is particularly suited" The majority of the NoSQL databases are based on Amazon's Dynamo: loosely coupled replication. MongoDB is one of the few (next to Hbase and a few others) that adopts Google BigTable's architecture: data is divided in Ranges, and each mongod node serves multiple Ranges. This means MongoDB is able to provide atomicity where it's harder with other SQL databases. In particular, we need to be able to do some sort of "compare and swap" operation that is guaranteed to be atomic/consistent, while still being able to have our mongod nodes distributed over multiple datacenters. In Dynamo-based architectures, in order to provide the same amount of atomicity, you always end up writing to at least half + 1 the amount of replicated nodes you have available in your cluster. This is more awkward, and reduces the flexibility of the whole (the atomicity guarantee Mongo provides also works for stored javascript procedures, for example). Having said that, we're using MongoDB about 3 years in production at this point, but we're far from happy about the availability it provides (issues like MongoDB not detecting that a node has gone down, failing to fail over, etc). We run a HA service, and to date all of our failures in uptime have been either the fault of our hosting provider or mongodb not failing over when it should. As such, we're always looking for a better alternative to move to, but at the moment MongoDB is about as good as it gets. I think you misunderstood what I meant; I meant that MongoDB is as good as it gets for our requirements, not availability-wise. I agree if availability is your only concern, there are far better solutions. I know that MongoDB is very different in architecture from BigTable (as opposed to HBase and BigTable, for example), but I always understood that the fundamental way they choose to assign and lookup regions to regionservers (or, in mongodb terminology, shards and shard servers) was based on the BigTable architecture. Could you elaborate on the differences in the sharding model between the two? For what it's worth, this is quite a vulnerability in the internet's routing system. It's also the reason Youtube went offline after Pakistan was deliberately announcing the wrong routes a few years ago because it didn't agree with some videos being broadcasted by Youtube. http://www.ripe.net/internet-coordination/news/industry-deve... http://news.cnet.com/8301-10784_3-9878655-7.html There's rumour about C++14/C++17 supporting reflection: http://root.cern.ch/drupal/content/c14 > Too bad "Concepts" did not make it into the standard. Would help avoid the tons of unintelligible error messages one gets when using template functions incorrectly. As far as I understood it, this was merely due to discussions what types of Concepts would be supported. There was one group of people that wanted very granular Concepts, and another group of people that wanted just very broadly defined Concepts. They never reached an agreement on this. Out of curiosity: what are you referring to? It depends, it can also just be a crappy adaptation. I personally like this piano version: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd-h0debytI&list=UUl3iv3e... No it isn't: "[..] This functionality was proposed previously in N2954, but dropped from C++11 due to time constraints" http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2012/n338... The issue you describe is more a compiler-specific issue than a language specific issue. Yes, the language allows a lot of flexibility and therefor in some situations it's hard to nail down an error to a nice, specific error message (mostly when templates are involved), but it's not impossible, as clang++ shows. Believe it or not, there are people (like me) who actually enjoy coding in C++. It depends on your environment. If you completely control all the environments your application is deployed in (for example, when you provide a SaaS), it's fairly common. It's weird, last.fm used to be one of my favorite websites. But ever since CBS acquired last.fm, improvements to the site seems to have stagnated. They made radio a subscription-only service in many countries, and now will be completely discontinued due to licensing issues. It makes you wonder what the long-term vision for the site seems to be, especially considering the competition. Blogspam, original article: http://www.infoworld.com/d/application-development/couchbase... I just installed it, but I'm having trouble finding out how to collapse comment threads; is this feature available, and if so, how ? I have no idea what would trigger the collapse, but it's extremely annoying to browse this way. Especially on submissions with a lot of comments, you have to go through a huge list of worthless comments to find the next "good comment". Either a thread collapse or a "skip to next comment on the same indentation level as this" would solve that problem. I just had contact with the author, he seems to be willing to acknowledge the issue, but unwilling to implement a fix. So that's a shame, made me waste some money. The official site doesn't work well on mobile browsers. There are sites such as ihackernews.com and icombinator.net that fill that gap. My guess is that they have been using MySQL for a long, long time (possibly since the beginning)m, and see no need to migrate to something different. MariaDB is API-compatible with MySQL, so this migration will not involve much changes at the client side; it's mostly thorough testing that needs to be done. The problem is that bitching about past issues adds little value. We all know that they made bad choices in the past, it just isn't really useful to keep reminding everyone about those facts every time something about Ubuntu comes up. I'm surprised this wasn't done earlier. It's actually a quite common practice for a language to eventually write a compiler for it in said language; this is called bootstrapping a compiler [1], and makes the language "self-hosted". C is a notorious language in this case, and is the closest to the real chick-or-the-egg problem this is: how do you write a C compiler without a C compiler? C is often the lowest-level language compilers are written in, so in order to bootstrap a C compiler for a specific architecture / OS, you need to write the entire compiler in the target language (assembly). You can still see the bootstrapping part well in GCC: when you compile a new version of GCC, you first compile the compiler using your old version (bootstrapping), and then re-compile the entire codebase again using your new version. Nowadays, "real" compiler bootstrapping using assembly is hardly ever done. You can simply create a new architecture target for GCC in a different environment (for example, Linux), and compile GCC with your new environment as a target architecture on Linux. You then install this brand new compiler on your brand new OS, et voila: you skipped the nasty bit and have a working compiler for your new OS. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrapping_(compilers) > Nope, you probably don't do that. You use a computer (host) where you already have a C compiler, and you compile the new compiler (which you wrote/ported). Then you run this new compiler, on the host, to generate executable code for the new architecture (target), i.e. cross-compile. You can use this cross-compiler to (again) compile your ported compiler, but to run on the target architecture. You end up with a native compiler for your new architecture. Ah, yes, I tried to explain exactly that in the last paragraph I wrote. Is what you're describing different from what I described there? My mistake. I was trying to illustrate the more theoretical problem of bootstrapping a compiler without a compiler, since I personally find that fascinating. These problems were really solved years ago, and their only place nowadays is in an educational context. Just a little feedback, but I had to go to the AppStore page of HackerNode to find out what Nodemesh actually is. Although I'm still not sure what the relation between Nodemesh and hackernode is exactly. It's a company that develops iOS apps? Javascript isn't the only language you can develop web applications on, in the same sense that assembly isn't the only language you can develop server software on. Javascript is what all browsers natively speak, and if you want your language to be understood by a browser, you must compile it down to javascript. The same can be said about assembly: it's the language that all CPUs speak, and if you want your application to be understood by a CPU, you must compile it down to ASM. In this way, you can see javascript as the bytecode of the internet. So this shouldn't be seen as something negative: it's great, actually, that javascript is evolving in this way. It will allow for more flexibility: you can write your server software in clojurescript, your client software in coffeescript, and still share some common libraries for functions you need to call on both client and server. I think you're confusing biz jargon with marketing. Tech jargon suffers from marketing too; it's just that we're used to so much more "meaningful" jargon that we see that the bullshit ratio is actually pretty low. The same can be said about business jargon, it's just that we don't hear the meaningful jargon a lot. Want to guess how much meaningful tech jargon the average MBA hears? Probably not a lot more than we hear about his world. And what's wrong with that? That only makes it easier to spot the errors in their research. Good point, I hadn't considered that. But isn't the source code a part of the methodology used? As in, if someone doesn't review the source code, then he's skipping a certain part of the methodology? Off-topic, but I'm curious how you handled that situation. Personally, a safe-guard I might build in would be to audit our code by an independent third-party. Was this at all feasible in your situation, and/or how did you handle QA? For most programs, yes they have done their job. However, in certaint categories of applications (for example, server software) it's somewhat of a leaky abstraction. Garbage collector sweeps, circular references, etc are all pains which force you to be aware of how the vm is managing your memory. For an impression, see this excellent blog series on how a certain garbage collector sweep issue was solved: http://blog.cloudera.com/blog/2011/02/avoiding-full-gcs-in-h... Over here in the Netherlands, years ago, there was a (humorous) commercial by a toilet freshener called Toilet Duck: "We, of Toilet Duck fame, recommend Toilet Duck". It's a phrase that's still occasionally used when someone notices a clearly biased self-promotion, and applies to this story: a newspaper reports that working at a newspaper is more fulfilling than working at Google. Call me unimpressed. Which is exactly what the OP is talking about. There was a lot of buzz about C++11 before it was released, yet there was very little buzz about C11 (or at least, not something the OP noticed). This is exactly how these types of problems are solved. Local clients run simulations based on known locations/directions, and are synced with the central server at a specified interval. This allows a client to have a light-weight "cached" view of the reality, and the only trade-off is the occasional discrepancy from the reality. However, if you send updates about changes in speed/directions in real time, you get a pretty reliable representation of the state known by the server. It depends. If you have 3000 clients and a full sync of all visible ships occurs every second, you get 3000 * 48 = approx 150kb/sec/client. Yes, that means that the server must be able to handle 3000 times that speed, but that still leaves us at about 0.5gbit. Yes, it's a very high load, but then again, these types of situations are extraordinary. Last but not least, compression is your friend. Playing the devil's advocate here, but who says you actually bought the device, and not only the right to use it under certain circumstances? As long as you either control the whole stack, or the stack is built on top of components that are considered mature, there is not much of a problem there. On what basis do you think these issues are related? The bug report provides very little insight in what's going on, only that there's a severe performance degradation at 9AM. The thundering herd problem applied to waking up child processes is one possible explanation, but there are dozens of other explanations that are just as likely, based on the information we're provided with. Also, you can declare member variables as mutable which allows you to modify it from a const function. An example legitimate application for this is acquiring a read lock on a mutex from a const function. But the const function could still accept a non-const reference to a mutex, and still produce varying behavior in a threaded situation. In other words, what you're describing as the const contract sounds a lot like a pure function, which it definitely is not. Wouldn't using site-to-site VPN be adding a SPOF just as well, namely the VPN server (and, in addition to this, make the VPN server a bottleneck for transfer speed) ? But assuming the universe has an entropy smaller than one, couldn't the data be compressed ? Every website you made received requests like these? If you don't mind me asking, what kind of websites do you make? I've never received requests like these myself. > If we want to attach terms and conditions to it (i.e. to use this site you must accept analytics/tracking/advertising) then lets make a framework to automate this stuff. This has already been done years ago, and failed: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P3P There are several, with http://www.civicuk.com/cookie-law/index and http://silktide.com/cookieconsent being the most popular afaik. In addition to this, with SPDY around, these first milliseconds are becoming even more important. Since SPDY requires some sort of negotiation between server and client to agree they both support the protocol, this creates a problem for the first request: how do you know a server supports SPDY without having seen a response from said server? Note that the regular HTTP Accept negotiation is not enough since the browser should already pipeline multiple requests before having seen a response. Since the designers of SPDY also figured security is important, they made use of TLS' protocol negotiation feature: they actually announce themselves as a TLS protocol in these first milliseconds of a HTTPS connection. Brilliant. For more information, see: http://www.chromium.org/spdy/spdy-protocol/spdy-protocol-dra... How does what I describe differ from SPDY using a TLS handshake as advertising SPDY support? In any case, it was my intention to explain exactly that. "They could've done even better" doesn't invalidate his argument, though. I find that hard to believe. Weren't there a few oil sheiks with more money? Out of interest, what does it mean / reference? Not a crypto expert at all, but did they knew in advance that nobody would use it? Otherwise it could just be a failed attempt. Explain to me, why wouldn't this merely result in the phone companies charging higher monthly fees? Has anyone got any experience with using Dropbox as a backup service? They provide 30 days of file recovery for free, and for a few dollars a month you can get packrat, which provides eternal point-in-time recovery. Seems like a great use case of a git folder backup? I've read the article you've referenced but am unable to find the furniture you mention. At which page should I look? People aren't the problem; it's the food industry that abuses antibiotics the most. When a pig gets ill, it's way cheaper to give her a dose of antibiotics instead of getting a vet. It's not a waste of resources, it's just a different approach to solving a problem. Hadoop / "big data" clusters make the problem harder to solve (and probably even restrict the types of problems that can be solved) in exchange for cheap hardware. Supercomputers give engineers the ability to solve problems in a traditional manner, while moving the costs over to the hardware. Hi, I'm not sure if I'm alone in this, but I personally hate to document my code outside my code. Is there any way to make apiary scan my existing codebase for, say. API documentation and generate docs based on that? Not necessarily a good comparison, since the shares can be traded. You can step in very late and still have all the chances to get very rich, which is hardly possible with a Ponzi scheme. I'm not disagreeing with you, but the argument of "people are using it and the government keeps paying for them" is hardly convincing. As far as I understand, it uses the least congested path available. In theory, this would mean it would prefer the wifi connection. Yes, that's exactly how this works. The way to solve it would be for a device to compare the last known BSSID of an access point to that of the device it's about to connect to (similar to comparing MAC addresses). Except that almost no one does this. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service_set_(802.11_network)#Ba... How would that work with location unaware devices? What I never understood is why they embrace rendering templates at the server. Is it simply a matter of "because we can and it's nice for the people that want to use it", or is there a real real reason why pushing raw HTML via AJAX request is better? I always thought the status quo in the web development world was to use a framework like Backbone.JS to communicate with your backend and use a client-side template engine to render the templates. I'm in The Netherlands, it redirects to .nl, and it works for me. This is irrelevant. Just because you had a positive experience from it doesn't make this bug less serious. I agree with you: at one point in time, Oracle probably was worth $1.2 billion. For all we know, MongoDB could grow into a company that spawns a lot of NoSQL middleware whatevers. Doesn't this open up the possibility of race conditions? To me it sounds like this all is the wrong place to fix these problems, but then again, these problems are extremely hard for the compiler to optimize. I personally would opt for explicitly separating the reads from the writes, because a) the flow of the program gets extremely complicated this way (it's hard to read the order in which instructions are executed) b) it would avoid race conditions (or worst case make them a lot more obvious.) The reason, at least here in Europe, is legislation: cookies are written by the website to the user's PC. As far as I understand, this alternative doesn't write anything to a device, thus circumventing the law. How do you make money from your site? It communicates over ethernet, which is what matters. So it doesn't matter that much, and people understand what it means -- in the same way it doesn't matter you just said "IP protocol", which expands to "internet protocol protocol". > German law has what appears to be a strict policy on hours worked per week and per day, and on working over weekends. If it's anything like over here in The Netherlands (and I have no reason to believe otherwise), this will have very little interactions with startups: you simply work regular hours on paper, but simply make a lot of hours in the evenings / weekends at home. Depends on your role within the business of course, but I always file these kind of expenses under business expenses myself. In the end, the meetings help my professional life a lot. I'm trying to find out what's so special about that place and time, but am failing. Do you care to elaborate? Out of curiosity, what is the best way to store bitcoins? Have your wallet synchronized with a third-party backup provider? Yes, but the same democracy in Athens had strict rules about voting participation, and about 35% of the population was enslaved. Coincidentally, about 300,000 people lived in Athens at the time, while it's estimated that only 30,000 people were eligible to vote. This would open up the possibility of shorting Bitcoins. Could get big. That's is already being discussed in the comments, and the author claims NOOP-aligning the code has no effect. Officially, GCC has it built-in, but I don't know of many projects using it. As far as I understand, Clang's API is more pleasant to use. OTOH, you can also run a Tor node and your ISP wouldn't be able to see anything (other than you running a Tor node). For added security, run a Tor Exit Node and your ISP wouldn't be able to determine when you stop using the regular internet, either. Over here in The Netherlands, about 10 years ago, there was a lot of commotion about a group of white supremacy-gangs wearing Lonsdale bomberjacks, and people wearing those were banned from certain clubs, etc. According to your logic, in this case, everyone wearing a Lonsdale bomberjack would have to be arrested, and they would have to be banned by law? Isn't that outlawing the symptom, instead of outlawing the actual problem? EDIT: Apparently this was not just an issue in The Netherlands, but more widespread: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/147... I've just come across this write-up by the evasion team, I'm not sure how to interpret it: http://evasi0n.com/l.html First of all, SPDY is a properly documented protocol -- there are far more "open" protocols that are documented far worse. It's inside Google's interests to make SPDY adoption as widespread as possible, so it makes sense they would properly document it. The other part of your argument is based on the fact that it's a binary protocol which makes it less intuitive and impossible/hard to debug when something goes wrong. This is indeed a trade-off chosen by SPDY that makes sense for a lot of the use cases: you're optimizing the protocol for computer, not for humans. You'll need additional debugging tools to find out what's wrong in exchange for better performance. For more information about this particular management style, see: http://holacracy.org/ It's linked from the article, but it deserves to be more prominently noted. I think that's more of a coincidence than a real conspiracy. Bezos has a lot more to lose than to gain if he were in fact pushing these types of articles. Could you elaborate on why manually blocking known bad exits is worse for anonymity than letting the network decide this? A version number is just an arbitrary point in time, in the case of SPDY, with a certain feature set. Just because SPDY/2 doesn't support everything SPDY/3 supports doesn't mean it's unstable. This is why I like date-based version numbering, such as Ubuntu 13.10 or C++11. Yeah, people tend to forget that net neutrality and censorship are two different things, albeit related. Yeah, it's even worse when people use their native language in code comments or, god forbid, variable names. There suddenly is no way of collaboration with people who aren't familiar with your native language. Both wrong; from the site: "Nightwatch got its name from the famous painting The Night Watch by Dutch painter Rembrandt van Rijn. The masterpiece is prominently displayed in the Rijksmuseum, in Amsterdam - The Netherlands". http://nightwatchjs.org/guide Still, the telco industry is regulated. It's a difference. I think the key here is that it isn't Google that decides which music can be pirated -- there are laws that require them to comply with these kind of requests. Such requests do not exist for the example you mention (law companies), and as such, Google is not required to comply with our requests. In other words: blame lawmakers, not Google. The same thing as CDN will achieve, just a lot more complex. That totally depends on what your goals in life are and is highly subjective. Exactly, this is specifically where that feature is designed for: it makes you your own arbiter of what an exchange wants to do with your money. MtGox is an exchange, not a bank. I'm mentioning this because there is an important third person with a bank: the customer, not the investor. With mtgox, every customer is an investor. When bailing out a bank, however, the rationale is often to help out the people who cannot be blamed: the customers. I'm still not claiming that bailing out I banks is a good thing, but the comparison you make is a small apples/oranges thing. I had not considered this, and you have a very good point. Most of those people had been getting used to the idea of being rich, that it will be very rough for them to adjust. Besides, the way their money is lost made it so much worse. The global value of btc crashing would be one thing, corruption would be another, but this level of incompetence.. it's almost harder to digest since they most likely are not guilty of any crimes either, unless stupidity would be a crime. This is confirmed by the recent move of AMD towards extremely hot GPUs. You already see that in the most recent 290x, but they're talking about making hardware that is comfortable running at >100C. I'm not sure how relevant that is with regards to performance per watt, but I do know that heat is one of the most expensive (by-)products of electricity. I stand corrected. Floating point values are inaccurate and a complete mess if you want to get accurate results. This is a good article about the subject: http://www.johndcook.com/blog/2009/04/06/numbers-are-a-leaky... It's always better to use prepared statements, since it prevents SQL injection attacks. If you do not use neither an ORM or prepared statements, you either have to with trusted input, or need to sanitize that input really well (to the point it's often easier to just use prepared statements). Sorry, I should've been more clear. They are well defined and useful in a huge domain of applications, especially in those areas where an approximation is perfectly fine. For representing money, however, you need to be very, very careful and be aware of the many subtle bugs that can be introduced when using floats. Also, that something is "well-defined" does not imply that is it not a mess. There are quite a few well-defined standards out there that clearly are a mess. I'm unfamiliar with both. How do they compare, and which would you recommend? Transaction isolation is not what you think it is. Most databases run at a liberal isolation level. For example, from the PostgreSQL docs[1] you can read that they use 'read committed' as an isolation level by default. In this example, it could mean that the following could happen: * At T=1, transaction 1 will read the current balance * At T=2, transaction 2 will read the current balance * At T=3, transaction 1 will update the current balance * At T=4, transaction 2 is in a race condition situation, since the update of transaction 1 'leaks' into transaction 2, but the last read balance in transaction 2 still is the 'old' balance. In other words: this is an area where a lot of people introduce race condition bugs without being aware of it. [1] http://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/static/transaction-iso.ht... Most ToS state that their terms are subject to change. I do not know whether or not a company has to explicitly state that the terms provided are perpetual, but there are lots of examples of companies changing their ToS retroactively. For example: http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2008/09/google-on-chrome-... http://boardingarea.com/viewfromthewing/2012/10/10/united-ma... And here is an interesting paper about retroactive lawmaking by the government: http://www.law.harvard.edu/students/orgs/jlpp/Vol30_No2_Weie... Of course you should, the problem isn't that it isn't possible to serialize a transaction, the problem is that the default is optimistic. I can only imagine that there will be quite a hefty performance impact if serialized transactions were the default, so I understand their reasoning. Isn't this the reason UUIDs were invented? For anyone else who is equally confused about this statistic as I was: https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/845/what-are-bit... It is implied that when you pay, you are the customer, and when it's ad-supported you're the product instead. In this case, however, you paid for the Whatsapp app, but with Facebook acquiring Whatsapp you'll also pay with your personal data. I think it's refreshing to hear someone advocate XML instead of JSON, specifically because you bring up a good point. The problem I think is that just because XML is human-readable, it's less sufficient as a format that is human-writable (I'm looking at you, Maven!). I believe this is the root cause that many people hate XML, even though it has a very sweet spot in application-to-application communication. Yeah this is exactly where my hate towards Maven configuration comes from, but it's more a testimonial of a bad fit for configuration files than critique towards XML. Java enterprise application configuration has the tendency to be very "expert-friendly", and this is where XML got its bad name from. What message does it send, other than valuation not being based on the reputation of technical superiority? How legal is that anyway, since they're acting like a sort of proxy server for torrent data. So if I understand this correctly, it is more of a convenient way to copy (and update) another repository into another one, instead of being a reference to another repository. To respond to the comment about this being useful for private keys: if this is the case, does this also mean unauthorized users will not be able to checkout the submodule at all? Or will they just get a copy of the files (which would not make sense with private keys). Yeah but that is a but similar as BOOST_FOREACH before c++11 -- it just isn't making things any prettier. I think most people nowadays are conditioned to parse the enum-as-bitmasks 0x01, 0x02, 0x04, 0x08 etc, so i would be reluctant to use boost's version in that case. The new operator, however, seems pretty sweet for that use case! How would that work, a full-screen emulation of safari in js? That's a bit of a negative way to look at it. I think in the end the goals don't have to be mutually exclusive. Elon Musk does what he does best, and Gates does his thing. They're both great goals and I'm glad we live in a time when going to mars is something we can propose as a serious point of discussion, instead of being an unrealistic dream. There is nothing limiting them from doing so. Just because they behave like this today doesn't mean they will still do so tomorrow. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if they already did so today. It wouldn't be the first time marketing saying something the technicians don't agree with. :) You have to take the hardware specs into account. It's easy to overlook the crappiness of the hardware of those consoles. Is this a problem that's solved with a "movement" ? I'm willing to contribute parsers and perhaps a text editor plugin if other people are willing to chip in. But indeed, this is a problem that's solvable by making the tools support it. Since most of the tools are OSS, this is mostly solvable. I believe that is more because of Apple than because of Microsoft. Apple has a history of being pretty convincing towards these crucial applications. I believe Microsoft got out of a anti-trust suit from Apple if they agreed to release Office for Mac. And Apple has a love/hate relationship with Adobe too, in a similar way. It's kind of funny, though. Jobs was pragmatic enough to realize that it was better to get Microsoft to "open up" than to win the lawsuit. It's hard to say, but I definitely think it paid off. And in the end, it's their choice anyway. People respond mostly negatively because of their expectations about how Facebook will monetize this. It's now up to Facebook to prove them wrong. I personally think it's not going to be as bad. Oculus has a clear path to monetization, while Facebook, with their other products, have always been struggling to monetize their user base, which lead them to implement controversial features like Beacon. In this case, all they have to do is back off and make sure the right people are leading Oculus -- and so far, I think they are doing fine with that. Shouldnt the conclusion then be that apparently enough people can read it to make it worth a HN frontpage listing? Ok, I really hate so say this, but this has hardly been the first time the US has gone into an unnecessary war. While you have also entered necessary wars, for which we, the other western countries, are truly grateful, you simply cannot say that with the Bush administration this is the first time something like this happens. For me, an anonymous person living in the Netherlands, it feels like these things happen whenever a republican president is elected. The world expects this, goes along with it, and personally I'm afraid of what will happen when the first republican president post-Obama is elected. Giving dr Reece this much heat is unfair and missing Grellas' very important point: just like freedom of speech is very important to a free press, freedom of political beliefs are very important in a free market. You are correct that this shouldn't be made a R vs D thing, since that completely besides the point. I agree with all other points you + make (sorry I can't figure out how to edit a post on this iOS client) So that means they can use the tech, but not redistribute it to anyone else? Sounds pretty fair to me. That's besides the point. It still costs money, and the company that's vulnerable is not the one paying it. A service like this would be time consuming (bogus reports, etc), and the EFF would still have to use money from donations to finance this. The only thing I can think about is some security firm doing this, using the exposure as a marketing tool and establish them as an authority on the subject. When you search through Google Scholar, the quality of the information you get is actually really good. IMHO the best solution is to get rid of NTIS' goal to be profitable, and simply make it an agency that collects and distributes those documents for free. Integration with Google Scholar would be a logical next step. I understand what you're saying, but it simply is not an excuse. The whole point of this tool is to make installing and updating packages easier, but at the same time they have one of the most complicated installation instructions for a standalone software package ever. That is something that makes me wonder how much they really care about simplifying the workflow of installing and updating packages. The problem I have with setting up these things yourself is that I usually forget about how I set it up in the first place. Sure you might remember how you set it up 3 months down the road, but what about 3 years? I try to use services or tools that do as much as possible out of the box. It means that I didn't have to manually configure much, which means it will be easier to understand after long periods of time. I know it isn't very hacker-like, but I personally feel there is a gray area that might create more problems than it solves, and I tend to stay on the "safe" side of things. This might sound totally irrelevant, but it kind of reminds me of the situation with NASA. Once a certain technology has been proven to work, people do NOT like to deviate from that change, since hey, it might fail and no one wants to take the blame. The end result is that NASA is still using computers from the 60s, and it took someone like Elon Musk to change the status quo which resulted in reduced costs (which is why NASA is currently contracting SpaceX, which can do things cheaper). Too bad we all know which agency is far more likely to discover such a vulnerability. What happens with the money after you sell them? That has to go somewhere, and couldn't that create the "link" required? That makes me wonder, are there any other examples of a regular business' forum spinning off like this? And to dive into it a little further, in hindsight this can be seen as a brilliant marketing move by pg, but was this intentional? Couldn't you say that about any for-profit community? In the end it's their goal to make money off the people in the community. With HN at least it's pretty transparent (with submissions like these). A bit off-topic, but this is one BBC Horizon documentary I enjoyed, "Do you know what time is?" http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x18wcfo_horizon-2008-do-you... Basically, we, the human race, still have no clue at all what time is and why it only moves forward. Are there any experts on the subject that can tell how accurate these documentaries are? I find it fascinating, but am always sceptical about the simplifications they might use. I have to disagree. I'm currently in Asia and /everyone/ appears to be using a yahoo email. I even created some gmail addresses for them, but it just doesn't appeal to them. How would you ensure operational continuity for my mom who only has an ipad? Since that's the direction the world seems to be taking. I think the point he or she was trying to make is that you control your own happiness and shouldn't make that depend on things that are outside of your control. I agree with that sentiment, it's the advice I generally give people who are in a bad situation. But if you look at it from the country's perspective it feels like avoiding the problem, and isn't a solution. This needs to be higher on top, because it appears to be a point many people are missing. I think thats a matter of taste. Not saying i'm disagreeing with you, but I can see the reasoning behind not swapping when you set swappiness to 0. Looking at the patch, it looks like swapiness=1 now does what the old 0 did. Would that not cover your use cass? Isnt Picasa owned by Google? Their facial recognition is pretty accurate too, not noticeably different from Facebook's imho. Exactly. The desire for communication with the public is mostly based on emotion, not on a rational decision. Lawyers give you rational advice. Having been involved in a lawsuit last year, even after I won, I still don't dare to publicly talk about it for fear or repercussions. I simply ask myself: what do I have to gain, and what do I have to lose? Usually the risks and impact of the things I have to lose outweigh the things I have to gain, and it's a good way of making myself shut up. So in essence you're saying that if I want the advantages of static linking, I shouldn't be using java? Isn't there a middle ground somewhere? Never attribute to malice what could also be attributed to incompetence. All we know is that it makes the location requests, it could just as well be attributed to sloppy programming. Usually phones work fine in emergency situations like that. Yeah exactly. If anything, I would like to avoid emotions in AI, since emotions makes for an unpredictable outcome. That is the last thing you want in an AI, imho. Could you elaborate? I couldn't find anything about that timestamp in relation to MongoDB. That might be a solution, but as OP was saying, that is likely do draw people away. As a useful variant of this: I have grown accustomed to killing processes that hang with kill -11 (SIGSEGV). This is essentially the same as -9, with the exception that it creates a coredump. Saves a lot of hassle with manually attaching GDB. While what you say is true, this is not really a problem in practice; most of the time, the process doesn't have the amount of memory allocated to be a serious problem, and the coredump file is written in a smart way [1]: usually, the address space has many 'gaps': instead of writing these all as \0 characters to disk, it uses more elaborate storage techniques. The end result is that you can have a coredump file which is reported to have a size of 1GB, while only having 100MB written on disk. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Core_dump#Format > JTV caught quite a lot of static for "not giving more than a week's notice", but it's pretty hard to do that when you're going from one week of storage to no weeks of storage. I have trouble understanding this point you make. What prevented them from announcing something along the line of "We keep videos for one week at the moment; in 3 months time, however, we will stop this and there will be no more storage." ? I think it's acceptable for a US news source talking about a US company to imply that "nationwide" means the USA. I think it's a bit of a stretch to claim that nobody should care about Facebook being down, and that "a few people" depend on Facebook's SSO. This has a major impact on a lot of sites, and there are millions of people that do care about Facebook. It is worthy of a HN submission, although I personally care most about the postmortem to find out what went wrong. Ok if that was the case, I understand the sentiment, but the words you chose to make that point were badly chosen. That depends on how you look at it. A short-sighted manager might think that way, but it will hurt (early) adoption / engagement. The target audience for big support contracts are enterprises anyway, and they will not buy support solely for the documentation. I agree that the taking away the lane would likely be a problem for traffic, the special light for cyclists works very well over here in The Netherlands. Once every few minutes the green light turns on for all cyclists and is red for all cars -- cyclists can manage having a "free for all" while crossing the intersection where cars cannot. Before you say "but that means that there is less time for cars to cross the intersection", consider the fact that a lot of the people using bikes would otherwise have to use other means of transportation, resulting (at least partially) in reduced traffic. Well most of the time it does. Whether to go for a free for all or more "complex" strategies depends upon the complexity of the intersection. For a lot of the less popular intersections, free for alls work good enough and trying to be clever would be a premature optimization. In other situations, there are generally two approaches: * implement a more complex routing strategy that can route both cyclists and cars concurrently; an example would be [1], where the blue line is how the cyclist should travel. * avoid the intersection al together with tunnels[2] or bridges[3] -- this is the most desirable strategy, but probably the most expensive one. It is used fairly often in popular-by-cycle cities such as Utrecht and Amsterdam. [1] http://img122.imageshack.us/img122/3652/kruispunt2pz8.jpg [2] http://www.n246.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/4398.jpg [3] http://www.provincie.drenthe.nl/publish/pages/72918/afbeeldi... Just because it isn't your personal preference doesn't mean no one should think about cyclists. There are many pro- and con-cyclist arguments, all of which are irrelevant to this discussion. Electric cars are a very uncommon mode of transportation too. Should we therefor not care about promoting that method of transportation? No, because then the status quo would never change. The article discussed in this thread brings up one suggestion for overcoming practical issues. There are many, many more (proven) solutions to choose from -- when you make bicycle transportation pleasant enough, people will start using it. If the "social issues" you talk about are because there's a group of people who thinks transportation by bicycle is uncivilized, I think it is a matter of education and tolerance. Once using bikes is common in a country, you will see that the only social issues are about people having unjustified fears (about the implications of considering bicycles as a method of transportation during city planning) and there are no real social issues other than people being dicks. As a friendly reminder to other Tor entry node operators: this firewall evasion only works if you have your tor node running on port 80/443. Please consider doing so. One of the goals of marketing is to attract attention (more specifically, to create demand). Bold statements like these get attention -- the mere fact that you dedicate a whole blog post to it means it worked. I actually worked on this exact problem as an intern job at our university. We used a huge corpus of communication (for example, we had access to all the emails every sent internally at Enron). We used this as the basis to train a speech-to-text engine by automatically correcting likely-wrong interpretations. "I go loo school" would be corrected to "I go to school", for example. It worked remarkably well. The basis of all these subtitles can be used, but there are far bigger (and better?) collections of data to be used to train these machine learning engines. You just realized you're being manipulated by marketing. It happens all the time. Read "The Tipping Point" by Gladwell. Among other very insightful things, it describes how these kind of techniques are used in marketing. I can confirm that this is the corpus. I can also confirm that, even though the emails are all from mid-to-senior management, the writing style is very sloppy. I cannot really help you with good book suggestions (there are just too many, and it really depends on what your course will actually look like), but to me it sounds like you're a more practical, pragmatic programmer. In that case, I would definitely opt-in for a a software engineering degree: a lot of people who graduate CS know everything about algorithms etc, but have no clue on how to manage to build a large software application; they have no real experience with project management, etc. Those are the types of things you will learn in a software engineering degree. Other than that, I can tell that many, many people in software engineering get statistics wrong (because it's so incredibly counter-intuitive at times), so anyone who would have a degree in statistics on his resume would get points from me. Robotics and machine learning are two entirely different beasts. If you want to go into machine learning, definitely opt-in for the statistics side. Machine learning is arguably more about statistics than about AI. This is an essay I will always remember. It helped me get through a burn-out, and contains a lot of wise lessons. One quote specifically touched me: "The part of life we really live is small."5 For all the rest of existence is not life, but merely time. Cherish the moments you really live. The moments you create your memories. There are so many beautiful gems in there. This one might be particulary good for the HN community also: "Can anything be sillier than the point of view of certain people—I mean those who boast of their foresight? They keep themselves very busily engaged in order that they may be able to live better; they spend life in making ready to live! " People, here on HN also, are so busy planning their future life ("I will retire when I'm 40!"), that they spend all their life planning their life, without actually living their life. Ah... I could give a seminar about this essay. It helped me in so many ways. ... and it's back. Hope they will post a post-mortem. I think in this case it should be even easier. The whole docker registry is just a REST HTTP server that supports CRUD operations (PUT, GET, etc). I wonder what the reason for the outage is. I am pretty sure the Docker team is qualified enough to prevent failures caused by a SPOF. When writing test cases in shell, you generally just implement a die() function and execute all commands `foo || die "bar"` This is not an operating system written in JS, it just reuses the NPM package manager, which is part of the Node.JS developer community. So npm-os would have been a better name, imho. Destructive as in the opposite of constructive. Your comment added no value to the discussion. It is not a paradox; it is perhaps irony if those same people would prefer non-agri-tech fruit if you ask them (which, totally gut-reaction-based, I suspect is the case). With a bit of a stretch, you can probably call it unauthorized tranmission of data to a device and make a comparison to attempts at password brute-forcing on a website (which I believe is illegal in many countries). I think that's too personal a preference to make the default, and people would get confused. Imagine someone wanting to show a friend a funny video he found on reddit, and now it's gone. They have already implemented something similar with the 'hide' button, which allows you to hide a story. Dependency management is more than 'defining and getting dependencies'. What if package X relies on version 1 of package A, and and package Y relies on version 2 of package A. Will they work together, each in an isolated sandbox, or will you have dependency conflicts? Package management is a really difficult problem to solve, which linux package managers have barely been able to solve. In addition to this, each programming language usually has its own package manager again, which vary a lot in quality. The problem is that you do not make the distinction between a regular relay and an exit node. There are enough regular relays in the tor network, but people hesitate running exit nodes because of the legal liabilities: many ISPs do not want you to run a tor exit node, because of the nature of some traffic coming through the tor network (illegal marketplaces, child porn, etc -- as you can read in the article, even Mozilla doesn't want to host exit relays). If you make this the default, you're opening a can of worms legal-wise. If you make only non-exit relays the default, your whole plan defeats its purpose, because then exit nodes remain the weakest link (as they are now). I wonder if anyone remembers the good old days where you could link two Nintendo Gameboys and play tetris against each other. Now, I wonder if you can make this AI play against itself, and use machine learning to 'teach' itself to play best, instead of using a rule-based system like this? This is an insightful comment, and the takeaway discussion is: is Twitter a product for just "quite a lot of people", or can they bend it to a product for everyone? I think what investors are looking for is a move towards a product that is for everyone. But given that Twitter's core business / USP is precisely that it is not like "everything everyone else is using", could the conclusion thus be that investors had too high an expectation of what Twitter has to offer the world? Can you elaborate on the text search example? I genuinely have problems trying to find a fitting use case for this. For those interested, here is the C++ code of the first benchmark: https://github.com/h4writer/arewefastyet/blob/master/benchma... No, but the article highlights that maybe they are using Github's traction to get a better syntax highlighter for Atom. As in, instead of waiting for a large community of Atom users contribute Atom syntax highlighting, they simply push the same engine onto Github and let that community take care of the syntax highlighting they actually care bout. If this were the case, it would be slightly evil, but very clever business-wise. But we don't know, so all this is is a small conspiracy theory. You do realize there is already heavy, impression-based competition going on in the ad market (google "real time bidding", for example)? That is exactly the kind of disruption you are asking for. AdSense is usually only used to fill remnant inventory; any big publisher uses a hybrid of real time bidding, direct sales and ad networks nowadays. Running your own ad server is a big, big liability. While running a news website is mostly a read-operation, adservers are extremely write-heavy (every adview results in at least 2 write operations). Do that 10 time for every page view, and have 100 pageviews a second during peak times, and you suddenly find yourself becoming and engineering company instead of a publishing company. Anyway, the scenario you are describing to "disrupt" to ad market is exactly the scenario we had in the 90s. Everyone was using phpAds, which could be embedded directly from within php, and advertisers ran almost exclusively CPM based campaigns. What happened? Publishers found out that their adserver was eating >95% of their server resources because frankly, adserving is HARD, and advertisers found that their ROI was crap because people didnt click ads. The real disruption is already happening, in the background, far away from where the public looks -- real time bidding has completely disrupted the adserving market in the last two years, and more and more ad networks find themselves becoming irrelevant. Disclaimer: i was co-founder and cto of an adserving platform. > best advertisement method for visitors and website owners The problem is, they are not the customer -- the advertiser is the customer. The measurability of internet advertising is also its fallacy: while in traditional media outlets, advertisers just keep buying and buying "because our managers will fire us if we do not get the advertising slots before black friday", on the internet, advertisers discover that their ROI of black friday ads is very low and adjust their willingness to pay premium prices for them accordingly. You forget the constraints that advertisers have been putting onto CPM based campaigns also: for example, frequency capping is a common targeting mechanism since the 90s: only show my ad 3 times to the same visitor within a 30 minute timespan. It involves a lot of cookie processing, session logging (think about race conditions when multiple ads are requested in the same pageviews, etc). If you have 20 campaigns running with a decent frequency cap, you can get a LOT higher average CPM than otherwise (because advertisers get a certain guarantee of the amount of exposures / visitor). Anyway, I'm all for disruption, and I've been the technical lead of an adserving platform for almost 10 years -- and I'm glad I had an exit and can leave the market behind me. It's complex, margins are extremely low, and you are only able to disrupt if you cater to the advertisers, not to the publishers/visitors. The things that are currently disrupting the market are only in the best interest of the advertiser, because hey, that's where the money is coming from. One of the more scary startups I encountered in the last months I was active was a startup that linked location data to visitor cookies -- buying "bogus" facebook ads to link a cooke to a location, and using that information as feedback for offline advertising (for example, how many people are able to see our billboard daily? how many people were in the football stadium when we ran our ads?). All kinds of red flags privacy-wise, but that's where the market is moving. Google is moving towards abusing their cookie (they have one big "super"-cookie both for advertising and gmail and search -- you cannot opt out of targeted advertising without opting out of gmail) and linking mobile location data with the cookie on your desktop. Disruption on the publisher/visitor side is nice in theory, but I am very afraid it does not work in practice. The documentation is here, for anyone who is equally confused as I was: https://google-glog.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/doc/glog.html (I'm from The Netherlands) For what it's worth, XS4ALL has a tremendous reputation when it comes to privacy in The Netherlands, being one of the first ISPs in NL, founded by true hackers. They were the first (and only one?) that started disclosing how many subpoenas they were receiving from the government, have fought a lot against blocking TPB in court, etc -- I'm not surprised at all they are the ones hosting the Tor servers (I am a customer, and am allowed to run an Exit node, and they are very supportive when they receive abuse complaints, their entire customer support staff knows about Tor). I would be surprised if they would easily cave to a government order / seizure of their servers. Sad as it might be, I have to agree with you. Upon acquisition, KPN said it will let XS4ALL be as independent as possible, and as far as I can tell, they put their money where their mouth is (let them fight court battles, where KPN (the ISP) does not), but if there is little legal room for XS4ALL to move in, KPN will make sure XS4ALL complies. On the other hand, XS4ALL is always looking for the boundaries of privacy and free speech -- if there is no more (legal) room left, and as such have reached the boundary, I have no doubt they would comply. But they probably make a big stunt out of it again, using it as a marketing opportunity, which KPN, of course, will have no problems with. As long as they comply with the law. > The worst part about the DNT header was the requirement for the tracking companies to regulate themselves. Initially, the header was opt-in, but with the introduction of IE10, Microsoft decided that the option was going to be opt-out. Call me a conspiracy theorist, but being a former CTO of an adserving company, I feel qualified to at least voice my opinion: this was a brilliant move by Microsoft. The DNT header as it were, was a perfect middle-ground for advertising companies: people that cared enough were able to opt-out, and people that did not care would still be able to be tracked. Google had the most to lose. I feel Microsoft made this decision in order to (accelerate the) kill of the DNT header, and thus hoping on more severe legislation. List of plugins is useful to detect the presence of Adobe Flash. > Intel's just using Hollywood's fear of piracy to sell new computers, ignoring the fact that the pirates are still pirating movies without any problems. It's more funny than sad. And it's even more sad that the most computer illiterate, "honest" people are the most vulnerable to this strategy. People that want an honest way to watch movies have the most problems watching them. I have been contacted by several (!) recruiters of Google after answering some very specific questions about a distributed consensus protocol (Paxos). I can imagine they rather search for specific topics / keywords than reputation, using the logic "if he can get the accepted answer on these topics, he might be worth checking out". I thought Netflix was the largest video site, traffic-wise? For what it's worth, the cookie law in the EU is far more general than cookies, and had a totally different origin. Originally, the law was to require explicit consent when installing something on an electronic device, to combat malware. However, some clever politicians later realized that setting a cookie also "installs" something on an electronic device, and thus the law further known as the cookie law was passed. If a webserver were to set some secure session identifier, the same laws still apply -- just as installing software without explicit consent is covered by the same law. We all know how broad "intended usage" can be defined. Google has a cookie that is required for logging in into gmail (clearly intended usage), but is reusing that exact same cookie for tracking purposes. Until there is actual legal precedence after people sueing businesses abusing these abilities, I have no idea how to interpret these laws other than "they are very broad and vague". Isnt this some form of laundering, and illegal? I mean, someone could run a very profitable business selling known illegal goods back to their owners.. .. I personally think that if you are buying something, you have to be pretty damn sure it's not stolen, especially when youre planning on reselling these things. That's why a lot of countries have laws in place to enforce exactly that kind of behaviour. While I understand where your argument is coming from, it is important to ask the question: how many times a day is this piece of code executed on all computers worldwide? Surely the chance of one person running into this bug is extremely small, but what about all the people on earth combined? Nevertheless, I think we can classify this method of testing as some sort of hybrid between brute force testing and auditing; I don't think the authors are dismissing that claim this either, but are merely stating that there are ways to make very informed test cases without looking at the code. For the uninitiated, this solves a major (major!!) pain in the Haskell community: the lack of namespacing. If you declare two records with an 'id' field in the same module, you would get conflicts. People have been either using prefixing (fooId and barId) or splitting up modules to solve this problem, which can both considered to be ugly hacks. I am so glad the author has been able to pull this off, and it is one of those "why didnt anybody think of this before, it is so obvious!" moments. It's more like a struct from C. So far it's more an inconvience -- in practice it doesn't surface that often, since modules represent the namespaces in Haskell. If you run into naming conflicts very often, chances are your modules are not isolated enough. You don't use records as often as you use classes in an OOP language, for example. Having said that, a lot of projects seem to have a general Types.hs where they declare all the types they share between modules. This is a great solution for that. Then you enter the realm about hardened / realtime systems, where guarantees about eg. execution time are required. Those usually require a different aproach to kernel development anyway -- I do know there is something like RT Linux, but I have no idea how big it is. Isn't it illegal according to Google to serve different content based upon the Googlebot's User-Agent ? I live in Cambodia. I pay $250 a month for a villa, electricity is around $20 a month and water is free. Food costs me around $5 a day -- which is a lot. You could live off $2 a day if you want. For internet I use a sattelite connection, which gives me 4mbit full duplex for $25 a month. Life is great, but after 10 months spending time here I feel like I'm still recovering from the rat race back home. I'm spending my full time on hacking away on Haskell projects, just learning for the sake of learning, and I feel that slowly I am starting to miss home again, so I'll probably return somewhere at the end of the year. I usually buy my food on the street -- i eat rice with pork or noodlesoup with beef in the morning ($1), eat some springrolls or whatever for lunch ($1), and go to the market and buy a grilled fish ($2) or some chicken ($4) with some rice and vegetables ($0.50). You can easily get someone to do the cleaning and shopping for you, but I like to hop on my motorbike and do the shopping myself. I sometimes work from restaurants and chat with the staff (they get paid a bad salary, but their work atmosphere is really relaxed and have lots of time to chat). As for the financials, I was lucky to get an exit with my business that basicly covered all the money I was personally in debt for plus a little extra. I rent my house completely furnitured through an agency which specializes in couples that are getting divorced, which brings in around $1000 a month. This covers my morgage and health insurance. I live off money I had left after the exit (around $25k), and just accepted a freelance gig for a few grand which I'm really enjoying. All in all, one of the best choices I made in my life, it really is so incredibly different here, and you really learn what it's like to live in a country without decent doctors, for example. At this point I do really start to miss my family and friends back home, but I'm very happy the Khmer are a very friendly kind of people, so I made a lot of friends here. I don't really hang out with expats, since they are generally still part of the whole lifestyle I want to avoid. A friend of mine works as a cleaner for someone who is general manager of a real estate agency, and she knows a lot of people. I helped that friend out a few times in the past, now she helped me find that villa. Furthermore, a lot of negotiating. Original price was $450, I ended up getting $250 if I paid 6 months in advance. Huh what? Are you really suggesting facebook could be run on a few dozen servers, or are you just trolling? That was not the point he was making -- he was making the point that "even with facebook's amount of traffic, you could host it on a dozen servers". That is just so far detached from reality I cannot take that seriously. I agree that p2p social networks are an interesting alternative, but they are a whole different kind of product and a kind of apples / oranges comparison in terms of cost of operation. Correct me if I'm wrong, since I only got my information from non-academic sources, but if I recall correctly the problem was that with the inflation, you would have to apply both the theory of general relativity (the science of the really big), and quantum theory (the science of the really small). In which case they totally don't work together and you would get really weird numbers. Would a more logical explanation not be that our current theories are likely to be flawed, just like Newton's theory about gravity was flawed (but nevertheless incredibly useful) ? For the uninitiated: if you land a job at this company, you're going to be working with a few of the smartest people in the security/cryptology world, and OP is a legend in that community. And from my experience here in Cambodia, everyone is using Facebook anyway. So it isn't a clear black and white "third world countries only use whatsapp" either. Also, there is a severe desire of everyone to buy an iPhone -- so they just lag behind a lot. You can buy a pre-jailbroken iPhone 4G for around $100 here. As much as I agree with your sentiment, it still remains one of the most popular databases out there. All us techies can learn something from the hype they managed to create. It's not only from organizations and powerful entities, I like to apply this logic in normal day-to-day communications with people too. If someone has a very strong opinion about something and tries to "convert" everyone to it (say, vegetarianism, meditation, emacs, or whatever), it is usually because someone is very insecure about him/herself this trait, and made it part of their identity. It usually has no point discussing this with a person like that. No it was not, because that would be very easy to disprove (I can imagine MySQL and PostgreSQL being far more popular). That would be a bit of an overkill now, 1 parity bit for every 8 bits of information? Also, text is a representation format, not a transfer/storage format, so I reckon it's not really the job of the character encoding to do error detection. Yes, I know, I'm taking this way too seriously. :) Don't forget about websites from academia that implement certain proof-of-concepts; for some reason that commumity still keeps using applets. There are quite a few Linux distributions that are taking completely different aproaches to certain subsets of the system. I, for one, really like NixOS for example. It does make sense to keep these projects around, since they are sometimes so radically different that a completely separate branch is required to make innovation happen. When a proof of concept gains traction, other distributions can learn from it and perhaps integrate parts into their own ecosystems. If your whole argument boils down to "well, we're still alive and respected", it is not a good srgument. I understand there is no "control group", but it would be interesting to see what would happen if various raised issues were resolved. Also, I wonder whether the US will remain the most powerful nation say, 50 years down the road. Do new applications make use of it, though? "Deprecated" might be a better term to describe it. I agree with you, this is just confirmation bias at its finest. Whenever you /want/ to see something, you suddenly see it everywhere.