The article is mostly about the Ruby bindings, but Tokyo Cabinet is written in C99 and has bindings for most of the usual suspects. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html This looks like a good Hash and BTree implementation. It's done in C99 with bindings for many other languages. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html Benchmarks comparing to (among others) BerkeleyDB, TDB, and NDBM are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/benchmark.pdf Which of the activities would be illegal? The article concludes that while these activities may be unsavory, they probably aren't illegal: "So is it legal for Yelp to do all this? Probably, according to Matt Zimmerman, senior staff attorney at the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation." For reference, I'm a Bay Area business owner with positive reviews on Yelp. I recently received solicitations for advertising, and noticed that our most negative review (non-recent, low votes) appeared to have been moved to the top of the list just prior to the advertising pitch. The sales agent was asked about this, and responded: "The review algorithm has a number of interesting caveats in it. Some of which are best match and relevancy issues." We did not receive promises of special treatment or the repositioning of this review, but I felt this was implied. While I don't feel that Yelp was acting illegally, I lost a lot of faith in their business practices as a result. I did not participate in this article, but I believe it is accurately reported. For what it's worth, that negative review (which was from a customer with a legitimate complaint) is now back in a more neutral location, without any further action on our part. Perhaps (and I hope) this was a few rogue employees on the sales team, and the company has now cleaned up its act. I have one of the new packages in front of me (bought by a friend), and I have to say that there is not a single thing that I like about it. It's hard to read (text is sideways), vacuous ("Drink in the spirit of the morning"), and the juice pictured looks sickly and pale. The most readable text, and hence the part my eye is drawn to, reads "Some Pulp". At best, it looks like a weak imitation of a high-end store brand. I'm left with two questions: First, why would Tropicana choose to change their existing strong brand to this, rather than launching this as a side-brand under a new name and testing the market? To my limited knowledge, there are probably the strongest brand in orange juice in the US. I don't see why they would take this risk. Second, it sounds like many people here and elsewhere actively like the new look. Others, such as me, do not. I have to presume that I'm in the minority, otherwise the consumer resistance would have turned up during Tropicana's user testing. Any ideas on why what underlies the divide between the presumed majority who like the new design and the curmedgeonly minority such as myself? > I'm not so sure of your policework on mmap() vs. read() Scott's conclusions agree with my experiences very well: if you design around mmap(), and let the system handle the caching, you can end up with something several times faster than the traditional alternatives. This isn't to say that your criticisms are completely wrong, just that they don't match up with the actual testing. * "extra copies" [are cheap] True, but the real cost is the greater memory footprint. Less application buffering means more room for cached pages. And this cache is transparent across multiple processes. * extra page faults I think the opposite turns out to be true. Letting the system handle the buffering results in more cache hits, since the memory is used more efficiently. * blow your TLB Theoretically a problem, but in practice one doesn't linearly access the entire file. The beauty of mmap() is that it allows for brilliantly efficient non-sequential access. * B-trees vs C++ containers While it's true that you have to think closely about the memory layout of your containers, if you do so the access patterns can be even better than a B-Tree. If the container has been designed for efficient memory-access with regard to cache-lines and cache-sizes, it tends to have great disk-access as well. What's really beautiful about the mmap() approach is the simplicity it offers. In this model, RAM can be viewed as a 16 Gig L4 cache, and disk as a multi-Terabyte L5. Just as one currently writes code that doesn't distinguish between a fetch from L1 and a fetch from main memory, mmap() allows extending this syntax all the way to a fetch from disk. Now, this doesn't mean that one can just substitute mmap() for fread() and get any significant improvement. One needs to re-optimize the data structures as well. But the nice part is that these techniques are the same techniques used to optimize existing cache accesses, and certain 'cache-oblivious' algorithms already work out of the box. Anyway, thanks to Scott for the writeup! I went back and forth on whether use read() or fread() in my example, and I wasn't sure which to choose. For the purpose of this example, I don't think there is a functional difference between them. In current Linux, I'm pretty sure both of them use the same underlying page cache. fread() adds a small amount of management overhead, but read() does just as much system level buffering. mmap() uses the same cache, but just gives direct access to it. But it's possible I'm wrong, and I don't seem to be able to find a solid source for this online. This page references this, though: http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/post/page-cache-the-affair-b... I feel like I've read other more explicit descriptions, although possibly offline. Thanks for encouraging me to look at this closer. I was testing with this: http://pastie.org/402890 I was having trouble comparing results, so I combined your two into one, tried to make the cases more parallel, took out the alarm() stuff, and just ran it under oprofile. My conclusions were that for cases like this, where the file is small enough to remain in cache, there really isn't any difference between the performance of read() and mmap(). I didn't find any of 10x differences you found, found that the mmap() version ranged from twice as fast for small chunks to about equal for full pages. You might argue that I'm cheating a little bit, as I'm using memcpy() to extract from the mmap(). When I don't do this, the read() version often comes out up to 10% faster. But I'm doing it so that the code in the loop can be more similar --- I presume that a buf[] can optimize better. I'd be interested to know how you constructed the case where read() was 10x faster than mmap(). This doesn't fit my mental model, and if it's straight up, I'd be interested in understanding what causes this. For example, even when I go to linear access, I only see read() being 5% faster. I'd be interested in knowing more about why it's unpopular. I'm a fan of mmap() because I like the way it can simplify my code, and so far I've been pleased with the speed as well. But if there are subtle downsides I'd love to be aware of them. My instinct was that mmap() isn't used much because it's relatively new, and because it's traditionally had poor support on Windows. I'm primarily a Linux user, but the best discussion I was able to find with a quick search was this exchange on freebsd-questions from several years ago: http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-questions/2004-Ju... Do you have know of any updated articles about it's performance tradeoffs? From the article: "In other words, option prices suggest that there is a very real chance of, dare I write it, another Great Depression." I thought that option prices were mathematically priced primarily on the volatility of the underlying stock or index, with the market makers taking no position on the direction of the price change one way or another. This would make the statement above equivalent to "the recent drop in the market shows that there is a risk of a much larger drop", which seems sort of obvious. Am I missing something deeper? "example #2 seems just fine, assuming rename() is atomic and a power failure would just leave the old contents in the file." Unfortunately, the 'bug' is that this does not happen. Instead, the truncate hits disk before the new data is written, so that a power loss leaves the file empty rather than merely out-of-date. This behaviour is different on ext4 than on ext3, hence it has only recently become an issue. To my untrained eye, regardless of what the POSIX standard 'allows', this is a bug that should be fixed. On the bright side, it looks like there are patches ready to be applied that will change the behaviour to match ext3, which is as you describe. If this happens, #2 would remain a relatively safe choice. "Another option: use mmap() and rewrite it in place, using ftruncate() if necessary to grow/shrink the file, and msync() to flush the changes." This is a fine option, but for the purpose of this bug I don't think there is any advantage over using stdio (with seeks if necessary) and calling fsync() after writing. It's a great technique, but functionally equivalent to just saying "avoid O_TRUNCATE". Unless you have some nifty way of upgrading from a copy-on-write map(MAP_PRIVATE) to something that gets atomically written to disk? Upvote for raising clear points, but at heart I think I disagree with your premises. Your thesis seems to be that by throwing more resources at the problem the vault could be made more secure. Likely true, but at what cost, both in hassle and money? You seem to be arguing for overengineering without considering the costs. Should the failsafes also have failsafes, should the backups have their own backups? And what if the additional security measures add additional risks? Take #4, "human patrols". Unless implemented very carefully, greater access for security personnel could well add more risk than benefit. I'm not even sure that one should argue that the vault failed from the point of view of the owners. It was designed well enough for them to do their daily business and such that they were able to obtain insurance on the contents. A vault doesn't have to be impregnable, only visibly difficult to steal from. I'm not quite proposing the exact situation that they had, but I am suggesting that adding more layers of physical security might not be the solution. And if indeed this was really a case of insurance fraud rather than a straight theft, perhaps the outcome was good for everyone except for the insurance company. To the extent that the vault was good enough for them to obtain insurance, the vault was good enough. To obtain better security, the motivation of the participants needs to be analyzed. Perhaps this is a problem best solved through obscurity, with two competing security teams installing two totally separate alarms systems, each standing to lose if their alarm is defeated. Or perhaps skip the alarms, and rely on threats of deadly force. But although any new insurer will properly demand the technological improvements illustrated here, it would be foolish to believe that technology alone will keep out a dedicated team of insiders with full access to the system. Real world security is not equivalent to public key encryption where security can be established by 'proof'. Ethically and scientifically, this seems stunning: a radio receiver is attached to a live beetle, with probes inserted capable of flight instruction. And these are inserted in a pupal phase, so as to not be visible in the adult. Why would one assume a random distribution of colors? With due respect for a well written article, my first impression is that the suggested approach misses the point. If a single machine will be able to handle the load of the combined queries, then yes, you should replicate instead of shard. But in this case, why shard at all? And what about the cases that actually require sharding, where your rate of queries and rate of updates don't allow you to run it all on a single machine? It's possible my view is skewed. I've been looking at this problem from the point of view of distributed full text search, where I don't see any possibility of centralization in the manner you suggest. Still, I find the solution of trying to handle this in the database API to be suspect. If you know that some information will never need to be joined, why not have two databases instead of splitting the tables? > It's probably a big reason why Google hasn't had a truly innovative design in a long time. I think I'm on the other side of this. In the past, I would have said that Google had the best designed interfaces on the Web. Lately, I find myself wishing there was a way to opt-out of their 'upgrades'. Most of my complaints are about their recent attempts to improve search results by automatically 'fixing' the queries I enter, but I'm guessing the border in question is the bold blue box surrounding the Gmail message list. I hate it. Presuming he was the one arguing for making it the way it is (visually bold but distracting and unnecessary), I would side strongly with those who wanted to actually test it on users instead of trusting his judgment. This is beautiful --- using home-made waterproof microphones and computer software to detect migrating songbirds. Here's a direct link to the microphone construction details: http://www.oldbird.org/mike_home.htm The directions are delightful, and include helpful hints such as which model number of Kmart flower pots work best for the purpose. This is a pretty sad exchange. Fog essentially says "I'd love to donate my code" and the glibc maintainers respond that they aren't that interested unless he can provide ready-to-apply patches. Then it comes up that the framework to do dynamic runtime checks doesn't really exist. Then there follows a terse exchange as to which mailing lists should or should not be used to discuss such matters. It looks like the discussion ended at that point. For reference, the author (Agner Fog) is the maintainer of one of the best sites on the web for assembly optimization. This sounds like a great project for a student or young programmer who wants to bridge the gap between Fog's expertise and the FSF's beaurocracy. If you are excited by fast code, this would be a way to make a difference in a hurry. I don't think I'm quite understanding your algorithm. When you say "choose left or right", do you mean to choose randomly between the branches with probability equal to the ratio of the weights of the trees? So that each sample requires log(n) random numbers before you reach a leaf? Or do you mean something else? Thanks for the insight. I wouldn't have noticed any similarity to the multiples of 1/19. Accepting this, though, is there a reason it would have been obvious to him that there was no smaller number? The first such number, by the way, does indeed have 18 digits. I got there by considering every final digit and figuring out how long the string needed to be before the final digit reoccurred with no carry. (edit: oops, just read your explanation below which pretty much answers this) "There are very few if any people who believe that it is impossible that global warming is not caused by man." Are you saying that nobody claims that the observed global warming could not be caused by natural causes, and thus the warming must have been caused by man? For if you are claiming this, I think you are wrong. There are definitely a few very influential people claiming that climate change can only have been caused by man: "Only anthropogenic forcing of climate, however, can explain the recent anomalous warming in the late 20th century." http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/pubs/jones2004/jones2004.html This is from the abstract of a paper co-authored by Michael Mann, the lead author of the IPCC report on climate change. Or am I misreading your negations as well? This article gives an argument I haven't seen before: legally available guns in the US crowd out illegal military weapons. The author offers evidence that fully automatic weapons are much more common in Mexico, where gun laws are stricter than the US. This seems like a parallel with drug legalization. If 'all' drugs are illegal, there is less of a differentiation between hard and soft drugs. Is this true, and if so does this apply to guns as well? It's not a troll. I'm a US hunter who is not particularly in favor of guns for personal protection. I've spent some time living close to Juarez, Chihuahua, which is a significantly more violent city than neighboring El Paso, Texas. I'm very interested in explanations of why this is the case, and have never seen this particular argument before. For me, this falls in the category "anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity" and "evidence of some interesting new phenomenon". Thus I disagree that it is inappropriate. Interestingly, I also found a guideline "Please don't submit comments complaining that a submission is inappropriate for the site." As the quote by Mann is from a published scientific paper rather than an editorial page, I can only hope that the statement is believed by the authors. I disagree that it would be reasonable to make an unsupported political statement in this context, thus I assume belief. The IPCC AR4 statement on this matter (presumably written or at least approved by Mann) has this to say: "The observed widespread warming of the atmosphere and ocean, together with ice mass loss, support the conclusion that it is extremely unlikely that global climate change of the past 50 years can be explained without external forcing and very likely that it is not due to known natural causes alone." p.39, http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr.pdf While there is an important difference between 'impossible' and 'extremely unlikely', I think a journalist or lay reader could reasonably conclude that the scientific consensus (as represented by the IPCC report) is that warming could only be caused by anthropegenic forces. Well, that's the question underlying the article. Consider the hypothetical case of a movie that is very controversial: all 1's or 5's. Even if your system can tell that a user is quite likely to fall in the '5' camp, the only safe prediction for a high variance movie is something close to the middle. Even if you are pretty sure the user would give this movie a 5, the squared error for the small chance of a 1 is enormous. But a rating close to the middle is never going to be chosen as a recommendation if the algorithm involves recommending the movies with the highest predicted scores. Instead, an RMSE based system is always going to prefer safe 4's over risky 5's. This doesn't mean that improved predictions can't yield improved recommendations, but I don't see truly great ones ever coming from a prediction based approach. Personally, I want a recommendation system that maximizes the percentage of recommendations that I would rate as 5's, and don't much care if the misses are 1's, 2's, or 3's. "I don't see ads for Morton's competitors that only go away if Morton's sends Yelp money." Actually, this seems to be exactly what Yelp does: Here's what advertisers receive, according to an e-mailed sales pitch that a local business owner sent to this newspaper. They can highlight a favorite review to appear at the top of the page about their business. They also show up first in search results for similar businesses in their region (for example "coffee" near "Alameda, CA"). Ads for that business appear on the page of local competitors, while competitors' ads do not appear on their page. http://www.eastbayexpress.com/gyrobase/yelp_and_the_business... I was recently researching DVD replication. I haven't ordered anything yet, but from a price perspective these two looked good. Both offer custom printing on the disk. http://www.newcyberian.com http://www.nationwidedisc.com/ I don't think you are remembering that case correctly. The animals are not being used as fertilizer. Instead, they are breaking through fences and contaminating the fields through defecation: http://www.capitalpress.info/main.asp?SectionID=94&SubSe... I don't understand your math. If the birth rate stays lower than replacement, and the average life span does not increase, at what point would the population stabilize? "you can also call the method with a name that will always work; $instance->Role::Name::method." I'm coming at this from a Perl and C background, but I'm not really understanding the fuss. It seems obvious that diddling with base classes is not scalable unless you have have some strong social conventions. But why do it at all? For those not fluent in Perl's syntax, Jonathan's suggestion is equivalent to "$instance->Package::method()", which is in turn equivalent to "method($instance) from within a given Package. This seems foolproof. No one's followed up on it, but at a glance I don't see any downsides to this approach. I may be illustrating my ignorance (and I'm definitely ignorant of Ruby syntax), but why is there such strong desire to have array->sum() instead of sum(array)? Or as a utility function Utility::sum(array)? And is there no equivalent in Ruby to array->Utility::sum()? Most programmers on this forum, especially those working open source, are opposed to software patents as currently implemented. They make it impossible to do anything non-trivial without running the risk of being sued for infringing what should probably be considered a basic technique. The musical analogy would be something like copyright of chord progressions, such that any time you released what you considered a new piece of music there was a small but real chance that you would be sued for an amount greater than your life's savings. Are you confident of your ability to convince a court that your strumming of GCDG is sufficiently original to be non-infringing? You mentioned in an earlier thread that you worked as a developer, so I presume you are familiar with these issues. Am I right that you 1) presume that you are legally shielded by your employer and 2) that you do not release the source to the code that you write? Yes, I am disagreeing with you, but probably over matters of implementation rather than of ideals. I'm pro-patents (and pro-royalties) to the extent to which granting a temporary monopoly benefits society as a whole. I do not believe that that one has an innate right to such a monopoly, rather that it is to the advantage of society to grant such a right to incentivize the production of something beneficial that would not otherwise be produced. I presume this is more or less your position as well. Where we likely disagree most is regarding term. The term for (non-software) patents seems almost reasonable, but I find it hard to believe that those 75 years after the life of the author (under US copyright) increases the production of great music. The 50 years from date of production for music under UK law seems more reasonable, but I'd guess that very little of the music I enjoy would suffer if this time was reduced sharply. I was wondering if requiring the creation of a "root level" URL on some domain might be a good substitute for real identity. Perhaps something like http://domain.com/hn.html , on any domain one has control over. A parallel would be Google's verification for its domain applications. Each domain would need to be unique per user. Many (most?) people here already have a domain that they control, and this seems like a reasonable hurdle for anyone posting to Hacker News to accomplish. Unlike credit card validation or the like, it's equally accessible for users from any country. And one doesn't even have to buy the domain, just come up with some way to make a file accessible on the root of some site. It's also a nod to history of the internet. Long ago, essentially in the predawn of time, Usenet started being filled with spam and low quality posts. The alt.hackers newsgroup came up an interesting solution: self-moderation. Users were required to figure out how to add an "Approved" header to their own posts. Thus perhaps the file could just read "Approved". :) We did this experiment for a college freshman physics lab. Indeed exciting to see gravity in action! It was a lab based course, and we did similar experiments for most of the other physical constants. I thought it was a great way to learn. I feel the same way you do about photos, but I fear that the study isn't quite as meaningless as you suspect. It's seems quite plausible that unwillingness to conform to social norms by faking a smile correlates to (lack of) success in marriage. > I'd be interested to hear if anyone actually knows something of what it takes to sell canned food. I recently had a friend who was starting a business selling 'canned' jars of BBQ sauce. At least here in California, the answer is that there wasn't a feasible way to do it legally in the commercial kitchen we were sharing. His solution was to outsource production to a large facility that was already certified for production. No hatred or malice, just a desire to maintain the comment quality here. I voted down your first comment because it seemed pedantic and ignorant of common British usage. Had yours not been the top comment in the thread, I probably would have ignored it. On the other hand, I voted up this parent question because I assume your question was genuine. I also would have voted up any insightful commentary on the actual settlement whether I agreed with it or not. This a good article about hacking a mostly submerged boats in difficult jungle conditions: 'When I asked Nimmich if he was impressed by their craftsmanship, he arched a brow and said: “You ever try to build something in your backyard? They’re building these in the jungles.' While I'm not pro-drug-trade, some of the legal tactics seem problematic: 'The Drug Trafficking Vessel Interdiction Assistance Act, which became law in October, now allows the United States to prosecute someone for merely being on board a semisub. ... Such a law does not exist in Colombia. But Colombia’s defense minister, Juan Manuel Santos, told me that one is in the works and could be enacted as early as June. He said the country is also looking to ban certain plastics used in semisub production.' Illegal to be on board a boat because of its design? Banning plastics because the might be used for submarine manufacture? This seems clumsy and parallel to laws regarding technology issues such as deCSS and file sharing. Thanks for finding that! Yes, the law as written seems quite reasonable. It's encouraging to find anti-drug laws that limit themselves to addressing a particular angle of particular problem. The illegal drugs are the ballast, so once they have been unloaded either the vessel with be radar visible or a substitute ballast would be needed. Since the ballast is basically in the crew quarters, you can't just use sea water. I'm sure they've run the cost/benefits here, and presumably judged the extra risks not worth the cost savings. Historically passwords have often been truncated at 8 bytes, so that if the first 8 characters are equal the password is equivalent. This might bite you if you always add on to the end of a long base password like this. Perhaps a variable prefix instead of a suffix? I think the title is fine. He's not suggesting that this new malloc is the one "to rule them all". It sounds like he hasn't even tried it yet. Instead, he's wishing that there was such a malloc: That’s the crazy thing about malloc implementations. They all claim to be awesome in every way. So the burning question is: is this better than what I’m using today? I don’t know, but I’d sure like to! I like the article, but I'm not sure that there needs to be a single winner. Different programs have different needs. Right now, I'd love to find a malloc that can work within shared mmap segments, sort of as described here: http://blog.directededge.com/2009/02/27/on-building-a-stupid... I've read the post, and I've skimmed the paper on which it is based. It's an interesting premise: if you know which census tract a person lives in, you can identify them down to about 1:1500; if you also know which census tract they work in, you can up your percentages to about 1:20. But I'm missing the threat. What's an example of where this particular knowledge (feel free to assume for sake of argument that the pair is actually unique) leads to either personal disaster or a chilling effect? I presume it exists, but I'm not seeing how it compares to something like showing your ID (with address) to use a credit card. I've been doing some home molding with High Impact Polystyrene (HIPS) and with clear PETG. The polystyrene is opaque, white, strong, and particularly easy to work with. It's also cheap (about $50 for a 1/8" 4'x8' sheet). Vacuum molding at home with an oven and a vacuum cleaner can produce surprisingly good results. Searching the web for "vacuum molding" or "vacuum forming" should turn up some decent tutorials. TAPPlastics.com is pretty good for small quantities (especially if you are near one of their stores), but others (like Interstate Plastics) have better prices on full sheets. TAP has HIPS at their store near me, although I don't see it listed on their web site. I'd go farther: don't try to read from memory at the same time that someone else is writing it. In the absence of explicit guarantees of atomicity, don't assume that any guarantees exist. The interesting discovery in the article isn't that memcpy() can leave things in an intermediate state, but that releasing a JNI array triggers a copy even if the array is unaltered. But this looks like a bug in the program (or the VM): either that copy back to the heap should not be occuring, or there should be some locking here. What if the data was changed? Would the Java thread just be expected to deal with all intermediate states? Alternatively, if the data is read-only, don't write to it! I don't like this article. Yes, he's right: an intuitive knowledge of the relationship between averages and standard deviations is essential. But to presume that the standard tools of statistics should be applied to every problem is to miss the point. On a superficial level, if you are doing overnight processing of log files, then you probably care more about throughput than latency. In this case, averages are probably a fine metric. On a slightly deeper level, standard deviation is only a useful measure if the distribution is known, and in a lot of real world cases it is not. The right question isn't whether 100 or 1000 tests on the same data provides sufficient statistical power, but whether range of inputs is sufficient to trigger worst case perfomance. Now, I presume that Zed knows these things and applies them appropriately, but the article strikes me as more snide than helpful. Perhaps as others say he's a great guy in person, but I prefer my stats with less attitude and more insight. Here, for example: http://yudkowsky.net/rational/bayes [edit: changed my sloppy language from 'has no meaning unless to the distribution is normal' to 'is only a useful measure if the distribution is known'] Are you completely sure about that? You could quibble about my exact phrasing, but yes, I'm completely sure about that. This is the 'black swan' problem writ small. I don't mean that a high standard deviation should be ignored for real-world distributions, but I do mean that a low standard deviation carries very little weight unless a normal distribution is presumed. I'm hard pressed to relate this to the cases discussed in the article, as those cases are shy on detail, but the DB2 example seems most applicable. Although he points to standard deviation as the tell-tale flag here, this is sort of misleading. The exact numerical value for the standard deviation across all queries is meaningless here, as not every query has an equal likelihood of being slow. As he states, the real problem was the terrible performance of an single query. How many similar queries exist? Will a new query added to the system trigger a similar bug? We don't know, and standard statistics isn't going to help us unless we have an understanding of the underlying mechanism. The key here is not to test a statistically significant subset of all possible queries, but to check the performance of the actual queries executed (as he did). You're right. I was being sloppy. I should have said something more like "the standard deviation calculated from a sample set is only generally applicable in so far as one is willing to make assumptions that the sample set is representative of the distribution as a whole". The default assumption in traditional statistics (such as quoting p-values) is that the distribution is normal, and in real world situations often not the case. Your restatement is right on, although I'd go farther and say that standard deviations (and confidence intervals) are only useful metrics with regard to the particular assumptions one is willing to make about underlying distribution. Yes, you can calculate these measures, but they won't help you if your assumptions are irreparably flawed. There is NO SECURITY DOWNSIDE to emailing a user's password to them vs. having some multi-step reset procedure. One downside is that the email can later be found and used by an attacker, whereas the multi-step procedure generally relies on information not present in the directions (such as a birthdate or secret question). An attacker who gains access to the email at a later point (not just intercepted) can gain access to the account without further effort or risk. Another downside is that exposing the password in plaintext allows the attacker to gain access to other accounts on other systems where the user has used the same password. In contrast, the multi-step approach must be used against every site. To say that there is 'no downside' is to say that there is no problem with storing passwords in plain text on your server, because if an attacker has gained access to your server they already have access to your accounts. Possibly true, but this ignores the irresponsible and anti-social aspects of exposing a user to further attacks. The most mundane and simple tasks, often trivial one-liners in scripting languages, require many lines of error-prone C code even with a fairly rich set of libraries available. What would be an example of this? I'm mostly a C and Perl person, and once a library is available I've never noticed cases where something was much simpler to write in one than the other. That library might take more time to write in C than Perl, but once it's written I find it just about (less than a factor of 2?) as easy to write the application logic in C as in Perl. My instinct is that if you're writing 'many lines of error-prone C' to do something simple, there's probably room for improvement somewhere. Interesting. It was originally submitted by 'bokonist' accurately titled as "How tiny Portugual beat the Chinese Empire in the race to control the seas", but this got very few votes: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=482484 I resubmitted it with this title, which is the original title of the article, hoping that it would be called to the attention of a few more readers. Empirically, this title seems to have worked better. What title would you suggest? This code does not work like the original. Consider the case of a reduce does not shift: gettoken == not END, shift == false, reduce == true, shift == false. In the original code, the next operation is (correctly) another reduce. In your example, you stop reducing too soon and read the next token. Furthermore, I find that the labels in the original make the logic easier to follow. Looks right to me. But does this strike you as clearer than the original? I like that the original makes it very clear that we only return ACCEPT if we reach END; that after a successful shift we continue reading; that after a successful reduce we shift again; and that we only return ERROR if a reduce fails. I think yours works the same, but for me at least it takes longer to parse. If I were actually debugging yours, I might even resort to looking at the compiled code with objdump and writing the labels in by hand. Presuming it's correct, I bet this would result in something that looked a lot like the original! This is a good article, and his basic premise is worth thinking about: 'When we separate ourselves from the systems that work on our behalf by adding layers and layers of complexity, we are ultimately doomed to fail.' I agree with this, but I don't see it as particularly applicable to digital TV. He talks about running translators for analog television to provide PBS access to his local community. He concludes that analog signals are easy to work with, and then contrasts this with digital: 'If you want to really examine the signal itself, you need an expensive device that is able to recognize the signal and help you debug what's going on. Of course, our small TV organization cannot afford the cost of such a device, so most of the time, we can only guess.' This seems misguided, and like an attempt to fix the problem with the wrong tools. Sure, it's difficult to diagnose the problem with an oscilloscope, but with cheap digital tuner cards available it seems like it should be possible to do a similar analysis in software. If one was tasked with retransmitting a DTV signal, it seems like the solution would be to decode (with error correction if possible) rather than blindly retransmitting the signal as analog. Is this harder than it sounds? I'm glad that others feel they benefit from this article, but somehow it rings false to me. It feels like a parody rather than the confession it purports to be. Here are a few of the wrong-notes for me: * He's obsessed with cleaning-product slogans and cattle behaviour? * He's working as a __marketing__ engineer? * Standing alone at parties 'kind of dancing'? * Calling 'methylchloroisothiazolinone' unpronounceable * Being self-consciously self-centered? I realize that there is a lot of variation within Asperger's, but this piece doesn't line up for me. It feels to me like a talented MFA student writing a credible impersonation of Mark Leyner or David Sedaris based around a caricature of Asperger's. Does anyone here know and vouch for the author? Does his description ring true to anyone's sense of self, or only of their perception of others with some similar characteristics? The difference between luck and skill is consistency. Well, that and the ability to predict future performance. It seems like Bob has around a 55% success rate. How large would the pool of 'advisors' need to be before we expect at least one person to achieve this rate by luck? I don't know, but it seems like a reasonable question. Note also that the article mentions that he has had consecutive 'off years', which is quite counter to '20 years straight'. The variance seems like it would be a good indication of the relative strength of luck and skill. Any ideas on how to model this mathematically? I downmodded you because at a glance fell into the category of 'dumb joke'. The conversation at the top of the page is interesting, and I want to keep this at the bottom so as not to interrupt distract from the useful discussion. If you intend this as a real insight, please flesh it out with more explanation. I've had the same experience, and had been avoiding such links as well. Regarding your 'hate', though, it may be worth noting that Scribd is a Ycombinator company. No, I was suggesting the presence of links to Scribd may not be intended solely a convenience to the current HN audience. I do think there is some self-suppression occurring regarding YC companies, though. This is a good thing if it encourages more thought as to phrasing, and a bad thing if it creates a taboo. Great writeup, thanks! I'm confused by your conclusion, though: "I wish I would have identified Rackspace initially as the platform of choice." From the results of the contest, I would have concluded that the platform of choice was CUDA. Do you think otherwise? Is there a reason you'd choose to use a flotilla of Rackspace servers for a problem like this rather than a graphics card? If you are going to be programming in C anyway, it seems like a much simpler approach. I guess I'm feeling that the CUDA solution pays for itself pretty quickly if you are going to be using it for the long term. Personally, I was checking 200 Million keys per second on a $300 Nvidia card and got down to 34 (with at least 3 35's). Presuming your costs are accurate, this would imply that the card would be a cheaper solution if run for more than a week. Considering the ~100x speed advantage of the card, it's rather surprising that their cloud solution is as affordable as it is. Ruby was mentioned because once one strips the iPhone from the prize, the part remaining is $2000 worth of time on a cluster of machines that specializes in supporting Ruby. I suppose that butchers might use cut-resistant gloves, but in the professional kitchens I've shared I've never seen them worn by a chef. > Otherwise I’m just not interested anymore. I'm afraid your article rubs me the wrong way. Could you explain further why an independent developer (who has written code in their own time to satisfy their own need) has _any_ obligation to satisfy your desire for better documentation? I can certainly understand why one wouldn't choose to use undocumented code, and why one wouldn't recommend it to others, but I don't understand the sense of entitlement. Further, what greater obligation does the original author have that you as a user of the code do not? Why should the author be expected to sit down and write documentation intended solely for the use of others, whereas you, now capable of doing the same, do not? Your 'duty of care' argument falls short for me, and instead I see a favor not being returned. I don't mean to be too negative (your writing style itself is great, for example) but I really don't understand the underlying sentiment. It's sort of a 'teach a man to fish' problem. If someone is standing on the corner of a hypothetical 14th Street, and if the layout was something like "the Streets run East-West, and the numbers go up as one goes North", it's probably worth their while to explain this. And if the city is designed such that all the avenues are alphabetical from East to West, I'd probably mention this as well. Personally, I greatly prefer to receive directions that include some redundancy and background information. And yes, every now and then I think "Wow, those were great directions" when someone gives me an explanation that increases my knowledge beyond the narrow scope of my question. No, I don't think so. Or at least it depends on the job. As an employer, I know that you are working there because you love what you are doing and don't want to be doing anything else. I don't have to worry that you'll move along as soon as someone offers you another $1.50 an hour. And in a startup, I know that if we hit a rough patch we can probably come up with a way to trade you equity for salary. For creative positions, I'd view financial independence as a positive. I'm not sure I agree with you. You do have a point though: 1) Any programmer who writes this line of code as anything other than a lesson in obfuscation should be taken out and shot. 2) Speaking as a Perl programmer who has maintained others' code, _many_ Perl programmers should be taken out and shot. How about: "Except for pathological constructs that should probably be avoided anyway, the Perl that most people write can be parsed just fine." As I see it, the Perl attitude is that these constructs should be forbidden by social contract rather than by the language itself. Sort of like the farmer who refuses to put a lock on his fuel pumps in case someone really needs to fill a tank in an emergency. To the contrary, I found myself shaking my head. Why is it in Apple's interest to be forced to constantly innovate simply to maintain market share? To say that 'a monoculture is not in the consumer's interest' make perfect sense, but why wouldn't Apple prefer a case where it has no strong competition? Their goal is profit via market share, not innovation for the sake of innovation. I appreciate your attitude. But which part do you disagree with? I'm guessing that most people are reacting against my implication that Apple is primarily profit-driven rather than design-driven. I suppose this might be true (and probably is true of some pieces of the company), but I have trouble believing that their financial success is just a happy accident that follows naturally from their focus on design. Or is there a different part you disagree with? While this may be true in your field, my impression is that this isn't true in general. Can you offer specific evidence? Here's a page offering a different view: http://www.damtp.cam.ac.uk/user/jono/item/toc.html 3) He RETURNS to Google and searches for "Zagg" which IS in "Zaggs", and boom, results. Surprised? Me neither. You might want to hold off on your cranky comment. Would you be surprised if the search for 'Zagg' did NOT turn up the results for 'Zaggs'? Because for better or worse, that's what actually happens. GMail search does not perform stemming (like removing that final 's') and also does not allow for substring searches. So in fact, a search for 'Zagg' will return nothing. While this isn't a fatal flaw, it is a drag. I'll quibble with your link as well. Did Yvain actually test to see whether his guessing increased his score over the semester? Or did he just 'prove' it? Like the presumption of a fair coin in this page, his presumption is that the questions are fair. If they were trick questions, such that the seemingly improbable answer is correct more often than not, guessing based on partial knowledge may not be a benefit. I think he's right, but I'd trust his results more than his abstract reasoning. But what does a 'fair coin' have to do with bets in the real world? Assume I'm standing on a street corner, flipping a coin . You observe 30 flips, and note that 30 times in a row it comes up heads. I then turn and offer to bet you 2:1 odds that the next flip will also be heads. Would you really take my bet? No, you would walk away, despite your superior knowledge of probability. But let's say that it was only 10 flips in a row, as in your modified example. Would you stay and bet? If you would, perhaps it is you is is missing the forest. :) More precisely, perhaps the problem is not their knowledge of probability, but the difficulty of modeling the real world with standard probability theory. The Bayesian approach above at least allows for the possibility that the coin is not fair. How does your model allow for this? I appreciate your response and voted it up. But I disagree that there is no benefit to actually testing his hypothesis. The mathematics don't need to be 'tested', but perhaps the priors do? For example, how certain are you of the assumption that the questions that we need to flip the coin for are evenly distributed between true and false? It seems plausible that a test might have a bias whereby the harder questions are predominately one answer or the other. How large would this effect have to be to overwhelm the 2% probability? Would you trust your grade on the presumption that this effect can be ignored? What about your life? For the record, I agree with Yvain's advice. I did just fine on the SAT's, partly because I followed the mathematically correct advice that one should guess if one can eliminate at least one of the 4 choices. But I wouldn't proclaim that this strategy needs no testing just because the mathematics are correct. Presuming this is a genuine question: the difference is whether one goes on to do more work after the 'guard' return, or whether one is just choosing which value to return. I think the style guide is being silly, and there is no simple rule that says "always use an else" or "never use an else". I'd see "Avoid unnecessary indentation" as a better rule. PCs are not a nice architecture for servers: there are starvation points all over the system, from registers (AMD64 solves some of it) to memory to I/O. Could you clarify the ways in which you think a PC architecture will hobble a data server? It looks like the X4500 runs dual Opterons, which relatively speaking have no shortage of registers. And it supports 16 GB of memory, which doesn't seem too shabby. And while I'm not sure how the SATA controllers are connected to the bus, I'd be a little surprised if this was the bottleneck. Which part of the 'PC architecture' do you think is the limiting factor? I disagree. I think you are confusing two issues: 'certified organic' and 'local artisan'. I'm in a business right now where I buy a LOT of locally grown fruits and vegetables --- often 1000 lbs a week. I'm in the Bay Area, and I buy at the farmers' markets direct from the growers. Probably 2/3 of what we buy is certified organic, 1/3 'conventional'. Everything is local, and I'm pretty sure that everything we buy is better than anything flown in to the organic section at Whole Foods. And I'm definitely sure that the certified organic produce is not uniformly better than the non-certified. The differences farm-to-farm, variety-to-variety, and season-to-season are certainly stronger effects. Perhaps you point instead is that there is a difference between a mass produced tomato flown in from afar and ripened in a chamber and a home-grown tomato picked at the peak of ripeness? And that the tomatoes on the vine at $3.99/lb are often a better facsimile of the latter than the pinkish tennis ball at 99 cents/lb? In which case I'd agree with you. But I'd hesitate to say that this is because it is 'organic'. By encouraging use of InstaPaper (or its ilk) with longer articles on your site you may just find that it improves your readership. Yes, and by allowing users to share MP3's of your songs you may find that over the long run your listenership is improved. Nonetheless, under current (US?) copyright code, reformatting documents by stripping out 'extraneous' advertising and saving them in a different format for later use is flat-out illegal. This may not make it 'wrong', and certainly does not make the app any less useful, but I think the OP's point stands. It's possible that I'm wrong, but I'd appreciate if you could point to the legal precedent that establishes this. The general rule is that making a copy of any copyright work is forbidden, unless you have a license or it's fair use. You are right that ripping a CD (that you own?) to MP3 for personal use is covered as fair use. This was established relatively recently in RIAA vs Diamond Multimedia[1], a case that primarily decided that the Rio was legal because it _wasn't_ a digital music recorder. But it also stated "the Rio's operation is entirely consistent with the Act's main purpose -- the facilitation of personal use" and that "Such copying is paradigmatic noncommercial personal use entirely consistent with the purposes of the Act". But simply transforming a musical recording into a different format isn't quite a parallel example, as the goal is usually to make a complete copy. I think a closer parallel would be recording a television show with the ads clipped out. While 'time-shifting' is held to be legal (under Sony vs Universal), if you save a version with advertisements removed, you may well have created a derivative work. I think Tivo is probably a pretty close example. While I don't think there has been a precedent setting case yet, it's probably worth noting that Tivo does not allow its users to automatically skip advertisements in the shows it records, despite the fact that this would be a popular feature with users. They no longer even have a button on the remote to allow the ads to be skipped easily. For example, a law review article[2] titled "The TiVo Question: Does Skipping Commercials Violate Copyright Law?" reaches this simple conclusion: "Using a DVR to skip television advertisements violates copyright law, and DVR manufacturers should be contributorily liable. By providing a means for television viewers to skip advertisements, DVR manufacturers deny television networks the intended incentive for their creative expression--advertising revenues." I've only skimmed it, but the article provides a lot of useful background on the relevant arguments and case law. [1] http://www.virtualrecordings.com/diamond.htm [2] http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=901062 It's possible that 'flat-out illegal' is too strong of a statement, although upon reflection I'll still stand by 'almost certainly illegal'. Here's a law review paper with lots of background and references: The TiVo Question: Does Skipping Commercials Violate Copyright Law? http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=901062 Please don't mistake my opinion here on what the law is for my feelings on what the law should be. It sounds like a great app. I'd be very happy to proven wrong, and to find that the copyright law regarding such matters is more user friendly than I've been led to believe. I've found some books like Maguire's "Writing Solid Code" and McConnell's "Code Complete" to be helpful, but your best resources are probably the source code to systems similar to your definition of 'real'. Depending on this definition, I'd suggest looking at the source for SQLite (compact and rock solid), Apache (customizable request handling), Perl (for polymorphic data types), and Linux (a big modular system). Basically, pick any of the open source tools you use, and see how they've solved the problem you are interested in! I would. The approach to testing is fantastic, the style is extremely consistent, the comments and commentary are well thought out, and I find it a good compromise between clarity and efficiency. Why wouldn't you recommend it? I think mikeryan's point was that there might be some way to use them here _instead_ of shipping them back. Convert them to trendy office furniture and sell them for 10 times the price of the recycled metal, that sort of thing. Receding glaciers refute the hypothesis that "there is no global warming" This statement isn't as obvious at you make it seem. A large part of the controversy is what constitutes Global Warming, as opposed to regional. Oddly, by making the statement that receding glaciers are incontrovertible evidence of global warming, you are challenging the current consensus. Much of the question about Climate Change is whether the current climate change is 'unprecedented', and therefore more likely to be correlated with human activity. The current consensus says that the Medieval Warming Period, a period where all parties agree that there was glacial retreat, was only a regional event. Differentiating global warming from regional warming is very difficult, and is focus of this piece. Anecdotal evidence about retreating glaciers doesn't help to clear it up --- what's needed are global datasets as referred to in the article. I believe this is actually why McIntyre started researching the datasets in the first place: he was wondering why the graphs of global warming had 'erased' the MWP. (And while the piece is certainly biased, I wouldn't call it FUD. Etymologically, this makes no sense. If anything, rather than spreading Fear, it's encouraging complacency in the face of what might be a true catastrophe. CUD maybe?) In Perl this would be way more complicated Does it need to be more complicated, or are you perhaps trying to make the code look like Python? While there are good reasons for using references to pass lists to functions, it seems clearer (and more Perl-ish) to do the transformations on a list rather than a reference: my @xs = (5, 6); # use a list directly push @xs, 7; print $xs[2]; push @xs, []; push @{$xs[3]}, 6; # treat $xs[3] as array some_func(12, "hello", \@xs, 1); While one could probably argue that pushing to the inner array is clearer in Python, the rest seems just as clear. And if one was writing for an audience not comfortable with references, one could always use a temp variable for clarity: my @inner; push @xs, \@inner; push @inner, 8; For that matter, you could do the same for your 'omgwtf' line: my $inner = $xs->[3]; push @$inner, 9; While there's nothing wrong with the Python, they strike me as pretty comparable in clarity. What am I missing? 1) His general point is that no single energy source will be sufficient. We're going to need a combination of many different sources of power, combined with as much improvement in efficiency as we can muster. He concludes that it is very difficult, but not impossible, and that tradeoffs will be necessary. 2) Covering the electrical needs of the world is an easier task than covering the total energy needs, and even covering the current energy needs will not account for increasing demand by the developing world. Still, this is an approach worth exploring. It's covered in considerable detail in Chapter 25: http://www.inference.phy.cam.ac.uk/withouthotair/c25/page_17... No, unfortunately it's really bad. I appreciate it as an example of how far afield you are willing to search for a solution, but it's visually distracting and difficult to interpret. I'm living in the East Bay rather than San Francisco, so I wasn't quite cheating by ignoring the disclaimers. Overall, it felt like a pretty good assessment. "What sickens me most about San Francisco is not its dirt, or its large homeless population, or its questionable safety, but that locals and the city government seem to accept these circumstances." On the good side, he didn't really go into the outdoor advantages (nearby access to mountains and ocean, in town trails and bays) but he's got a good handle on the downsides. Perhaps the reason that San Francisco is so relentlessly progressive in its politics is that the residents can all see first hand the divide between the rich and the poor? There is one change that gets me often. Using a hyphenated-word used to require that the two words occur in order, although it would also match the two words joined together. It also used to turn off stemming. Previously it was equivalent to ("hyphenated word" OR +hyphenatedword). But now it seems to behave almost the same as the unquoted (hyphenated word). Just to make matter worse, when I tried out my example just now I found that the first result (a wikipedia page) for "hyphenated word" doesn't even include the phrase! Ditto for 2.0.0.3 --- installed fine without complaint, but didn't seem to have any effect on viewing. She teaches a class at Stanford and offers each team $5 of 'funding' in an envelope. She tells them that once they open the envelope, they have 2 hours to make as much money as they can. She cites three teams' approaches: 1) First team opens a free stand that offers to check peoples bike tire pressure for free, then charges $1 to inflate if necessary. This team changes midstream to accepting donations instead of charging, and makes more money. Lauded for rapid iteration. 2) Second team makes lots of reservations at local restaurants, and then sells them to people waiting in line for same restaurant. Didn't use the $5 at all. Lauded for realizing that the $5 constraint was artificial, and that using it constrained their thinking. 3) Third team skipped the exercise, and sold their 3 minute class presentation time as a advertisement to a local company. Made the most money. Instead of presenting, they recruited. Lauded for realizing that the 2 hours was also artificially hampering their thinking. Personally, I found the presentation glib and condescending, and the solutions immoral and dishonest. I'm hoping for good discussion about the issues here, but I would not recommend the video. > The safest approach is just to configure malloc to abort This seems like a good approach. Could you offer more details? I can do it with the MALLOC_CHECK_ environment variable in glibc, but is there some better way to do it at link time? In compiling my own code I can use a wrapper, but I'm not sure how to ensure that strdup aborts. There are two levels --- the first is within the context of a class assignment, and the second is as a business operation. 1) The bike tire pressure check isn't bad, but seems to be cheating on the class solution by using outside materials. Once one can 'presume' a pressure gauge and a pump, why not presume further specialized equipment or further outside funding? As a business proposition I was happy with it when they were charging a set price, but I personally feel uneasy with the change to donations. This isn't clear cut, but it's guilt based and I wouldn't do it myself despite the effectiveness. Compare with the Hare Krishna technique of forcing free flowers and then asking for a donation: http://www.garyasanchez.com/what-hare-krishnas-can-teach-us-... 2) Selling restaurant reservations is probably fine within the context of the class, but is a violation of the expectations of the restaurant. If everyone were to follow their approach, the system would collapse and the restaurant would need to implement a policy of cancellation charges. My simple view would be that if the restaurant would change their system if you told them what you plan to do, it is immoral. 3) From the point of view of the class, the winning solution feels like a cheap trick. Yes, it makes money, but not under the rules that were officially given. From a business point of view, it takes advantage of a captive audience. What's really being sold is the time of a third party who does not benefit from the transaction, and yet due to social constraints is unable to leave. This strikes me as both immoral and dishonest. I fear that my scruples here aren't entirely consistent, and I'm pretty certain that they reduce my ability to make easy money. But I enjoy being in a situation where I can make decisions based on the answer to "Would the world be a better place if everyone followed this advice?". And for me, on this criteria, the last two solutions fail, and the first is on the edge once the donation approach is taken. I haven't voted you either way, but from the video it's still not clear to me whether the $5 was a known or unknown amount. I agree that the exercise makes more sense if it's unknown, but I don't think it was ever clearly stated. I didn't see your comment until now, but I'd guess it was downvoted for 'feeding the troll'. While the comment you responded was reasonable, the grandparent was a bad joke that was rightly being beaten down. I'm not sure how the page placement algorithm currently works, but I'd assume, and I think others assume, that downvotes on the children help to move something down the page. In other words, you were a victim of collateral damage. I voted you down because you asserted that a system was 'best' because you remember from a 'pys' class. This has to be one of the weakest 'arguments from authority' I have seen. You then asserted that a 5-star allowing zero is even better. Then why didn't your (psychology?) professor say so? I didn't vote down because I disagree, but because you haven't made much of a case. I also downvote the 'wow, cool' comments as unhelpful, and upvote the comments that seem like they will lead to useful discussion. Without intending offense, I didn't think your comment was pitched at the right level for this audience. Personally, I think you are on the right track, although I think 5 stars allowing halves is even better. Interestingly, Netflix (experts in this field) started out with allowing half-stars and then got rid of them, making me worry that they know better than I. The article strikes a chord with me as well, although I'm probably not as much at the limits as you describe yourself. Your responses herein strike similar chords. Ignore the hecklers. So far as I can tell, your conclusions are correct. The mass of humanity isn't up to your standards, being far more interested in 'having a good time' than 'doing something useful'. The problem is that this mass of humanity is practically the only tool you have to work with. How do you decide what's useful without considering how it will be used by other humans? For me, the answer is something like 'produce tools that others can use to further their own goals'. Some of their goals I'll agree with, others will seem like a waste. Time will tell which are really which. In the meantime, it's nice to meet others who share similar goals. Surround yourself with the best people you can find, according to whatever standards you establish. Be kind to those for whom you lack respect, but don't let them set your direction. Iterate rather than trying to figure it all out in advance --- better to die trying. I'd be interested in knowing what your other account is, so I can follow your posts in the future: . I've skimmed the paper ( http://www.cs.utexas.edu/~wcook/Drafts/2009/essay.pdf ) and all I'm seeing are semantic games: "An abstract data type is a structure that implements a new type by hiding the representation of the type and supplying operations to manipulate its values." "An object is a value exporting a procedural interface to data or behavior." It then goes on to conclude that it is wrong to say that an object is a kind of abstract data type. Could someone summarize the actual differences between Abstract Data Types and Objects? Or is it just a matter of cocktail party semantics? Despite the literal intepretation, you might be mistaken in assuming that "critical literary analysis" is the same as "reading literature and analyzing it". Instead, I think the phrase is being used here as a term of the art, referring to something closer to "postmodern critical theory". There are definitely those who wonder if this is useful. I too would be interested in hearing a defense. As for my "idea" of allow a 0 on a 5 point system; it makes it a 6 point system while retaining a 5 point UI that everyone is accustom to. What is wrong with that? Nothing is wrong with it necessarily --- it's all a matter of implementation and audience. I think the first thing you are going to run into is a need to visually differentiate a non-vote from a zero. I'm also not sure what problem it's trying to solve. What I would find more useful (from a 'build a better recommendations engine' perspective) is a 5+: a short list of favorites that can stand in for someone's favorites. Personally, I'd also like a better way to better differentiate the gradations between standard, good, and great. Whether I hate something or 'hate-hate' it isn't going to make much of a difference. Do you think your audience is going to be persuaded to reduce their average rating by a point, or are you still going to find the oft-quoted 4.3 average? I'm doubtful, but this doesn't make it a a bad idea to try. As to the downvote, I stand by it. My goal is to rearrange the page so that the comments that are most useful to me are at the top. If others find your comment useful, they will see the injustice and bring it back up to the top. As to the need for 'strong backing', I think we just have different worldviews. With due respect to my friends who are psychology professors, "a [nameless] psychology professor told me" is barely a step up from "I'm not a doctor but I play one on TV". We obviously respect different authorities in our lives. I see no reason not to interpret the OP literally Well, luckily even a casual adherence to postmodernism gives you that right! But in my old fashioned manner, I still think intentionality counts for something, and I don't think the author intended to say that we should give up on reading. :) Most of the people who whine about postmodern critical theory haven't even read any I actually have read a fair bit, and periodically urge it on others, likely in the same way that some people turn their friends onto LSD. Much of it is junk, but some of it is gold. For example, Michel Foucault's "History of Sexuality Volume 1" and "Discipline and Punish" permanently changed the way I see the world around me. So when I said I'd like to see a defense, I meant only that -- that I'd enjoy it. And, of course, that John F. Kennedy was not a homosexual: http://www.info.ucl.ac.be/~pvr/decon.html Perhaps, although I think I've linked to a different article than the one that shows up in the search results. This one is the author's response to the criticisms. The 'Revisited' is part of his title, not mine. My thought upon reading the original articles was that this was a really silly idea, and that a 'checkmark' that appears if the two match would be much more useful. But his Case #2 was interesting. He suggests that it can serve as an "Anti-Phishing Mechanism": Similar to the account-specific images that online banking systems recently added, your password becomes a visual signature that you can look for. Websites can securely serve unique color signatures by issuing a hash salt through a browser cookie, for instance. Let’s say you go to a site that you think is PayPal. If you start to type your password and you’re getting unfamiliar colors (or no colors show up at all, for that matter), you’ll know something’s fishy. Maybe? While I can't confirm your interpretation of this particular law, I'm certain that no internet businesses register themselves in every jurisdiction in which they potentially offer their goods for sale. I'm uncertain whether this is a matter of interpretation or enforcement, but practically speaking I wouldn't worry about compliance here. If you go searching for laws that you must obey, you will likely conclude that there is no possible way to run any business legally. I'm mostly with you, although I think frequently the 'trolls' are just ignorant of the local customs, and will adjust their behavior if the norms are politely pointed out to them. Perhaps it would be possible to fold (hide) the responses to negatively scored comments, so they aren't an interruption to the flow? And is there a reason you suggest to 'just let the troll comments drop' rather than actively voting them down to the bottom of the page? People who troll for fun don't adjust their behavior, usually. Good post. I agree, but the danger is confusing misguided people who want to contribute from those who are intentionally damaging the conversation. Once it can be determined that the trolling is intentional, I'm all for the heavy guns: ban the account and do what you can do to make it difficult to obtain another one. Which PDF? The URL I followed brought me to a interesting blog post with good but speculative discussion about the perspective of 'hackers' vs 'greenies' on mass consumption. Did you really flag this link because somewhere within it there is a link to a PDF that includes unreliable sources? That's a pretty tough standard! :) What gets me is the "I'll keep an open mind" type of comments I think the 'open mind' is indeed the correct attitude here. If a very experienced programmer with stellar credentials comes along and says 'this is a good solution to the problems I've faced in my career', I'm inclined to listen very patiently even if my first impressions are negative. This doesn't mean that you are wrong about the syntax, but perhaps there is something useful below the surface that's worth digging to discover. Maybe the right solution will be blend of a modern bracket-free syntax and the guts of something like Go. For me, the syntax isn't really that important. Probably this is just due to my brain damage from coping with C. The PDF is a transcript of a video that is linked from 15th paragraph of the article, but is just one of many linked videos. The actual article is a response from the author (approximately) of the recent HN post about the 100 square foot house. The article itself is good, and you might enjoy it. I skipped the video, which is probably flawed in the ways you suggest. But maybe you could unflag the interesting link to the response in the meantime? :) Interesting judgment, but I could do with less attitude in the writeup. But I suppose that that without the opportunity to perform the summary would never have been written. They'll say, but, but, but ... what if they hadn't used the master and just used each copy, then would it work? Sons, why do you think Psystar used the master copy? Because it's a business, and in a business, efficiency is money. Psystar used a master copy because it was more efficient, and because they thought it would work. But this still leaves the question of whether their operation would have been be legal if they had paid someone $10 to rip open the box and install the DVD manually. Perhaps this fits within their efficiencies, or perhaps it doesn't, but for me it's a legal question that I'd like to know the answer to. Do you suppose there might be any selection bias as to which 'personality types' are more likely to know what 'personality type' they are? And which ones are eager to take a test to find out, and rush back to be counted? And any bias as to whether they report back accurately? And where on the list are the types that aren't obsessed with data and in love with polls? How much should we move them up to compensate for their relative lack of participation? If we presume that the prevalence of polls of this sort has increased here at HN, and we presume that attitudes toward polls correlates to personality type, what would the results have looked like for an earlier HN? Is there possibly a type that drools only for accurate data? (one-tenth smiley) Beautiful effect, but I had to look up Zalgo: http://encyclopediadramatica.com/Zalgo I've never liked having to type my test twice, once for the actual test and once for the 'message'. So I do something more like this instead: #include #define test(expr) do { \ if (!(expr)) printf("FAILED: %s\n", #expr); \ else printf(" ok: %s\n", #expr); \ } while (0) int main(void) { int a = 1; test(a == 1); test(a == 0); return 0; } I don't actually use the direct printf() approach, but this shows the idea. Is there a reason more people don't 'stringify' macro arguments? I'm pretty tied to GCC, and am not always aware of what works on other compilers. The quotes used as examples in this article really don't do justice to the damage that will be done by this leak. If the documents turn out to be authentic, many of the participants will be spending years to come defending themselves from academic disciplinary committees and criminal prosecutions. Beyond the superficial 'blowing off steam', there's conspiracy to destroy evidence in advance of FOIA requests, tax evasion, and overtly political data manipulation. It's ugly. It seems likely this will derail Copenhagen, and probably destroy the political momentum for Climate Change legislation for years to come. The sad part is that this really isn't an outcome desired by anyone who actually cares about climate change as a scientific issue. This is a political win for Big Oil, rather than resolution of the issues. Rather than refocusing the issue on the science (as desired by the true skeptics) the issue becomes politicized even further. A different team takes the lead, but the science gets left even further behind. I'm not familiar with their status under UK law, but there definitely have been recent FOI requests that went through regarding data and files pertaining to the IPCC report. Perhaps because report was government funded, perhaps because the the University hosting the data is government funded? The leaked emails show the back chatter regarding preparation for fulfilling the requests. In any case, here's one of the emails in question: From: Phil Jones To: “Michael E. Mann” Subject: IPCC & FOI Date: Thu May 29 11:04:11 2008 Mike, Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4? Keith will do likewise. He’s not in at the moment – minor family crisis. Can you also email Gene and get him to do the same? I don’t have his new email address. We will be getting Caspar to do likewise. I see that CA claim they discovered the 1945 problem in the Nature paper!! Cheers Phil Prof. Phil Jones Climatic Research Unit Telephone +44 (0) 1603 592090 School of Environmental Sciences Fax +44 (0) 1603 507784 University of East Anglia Norwich Email p.jones@uea.ac.uk NR4 7TJ UK I haven't read the original, only the out of context copy here: http://rankexploits.com/musings/2009/real-files-or-fake The addressee is Michael Mann, the lead author of the IPCC chapter on Climate Change. Note that even the subject line makes reference to FOI. I agree that the title is bad, but it is empirically effective. I earlier submitted a parallel article with pretty much the title that you suggested, and it went nowhere: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=952082 Leaked FOIA files 62 mb of gold Even before me, 'ellyagg' submitted an even closer parallel with a non-sensational title. It also has not garnered any discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=951915 Climate News: Hadley CRU hacked with release of hundreds of docs and emails So while I personally will continue to submit with the title of the original article rather than bait, one could argue that having a discussion is better than not having a discussion. Have you indeed concluded that all posts about global warming are 'political' rather than 'scientific'? Possibly true for the majority of such articles, but it would be nice if there was somewhere that the small remainder could be discussed in a scientific but non-political manner. Here's the question that interests me: how much is this information worth, and to whom? Who stole and published this information, and why? Given the amount of money in play here, the value of this release to certain parties is enormous. What would a multinational oil company be willing to pay to derail Copenhagen? What would the Chinese government pay to avoid being subject to global CO2 emissions rules down the road? While this is probably an inside job by a disgruntled IT worker, if this was a paid job the value delivered is truly enormous: definitely hundreds of millions of dollars, and conceivably much more. Is there any level of data security that can protect against such a large incentive? I agree. The only solution I see is not to use a title provided by the submitter. When I design my own system... In the same way that one shouldn't tar the 'skeptics' with the same brush used for Big Oil, one should be cautious about 'recurring themes' based on excerpts. There are some messages where the real scientists distinguish themselves nicely from the scoundrels. Take this one for example: http://www.anelegantchaos.org/cru/emails.php?eid=1010&fi... I'm sure it's not perfect, but it looks like a good example of scientific progress being made: Nonetheless, it's unfortunate that I flipped the Korttajarvi data. We used the density data as the temperature proxy, as recommended to me by Antii Ojala (co-author of the original work). It's weakly inversely related to organic matter content. I should have used the inverse of density as the temperature proxy. I probably got confused by the fact that the 20th century shows very high density values and I inadvertently equated that directly with temperature. This is new territory for me, but not acknowledging an error might come back to bite us. I suggest that we nip it in the bud and write a brief update showing the corrected composite(Nick's graph) and post it to RealClimate. Do you all agree? Be cautious on generalizing across all the emails as a single corpus. Throw the book at the scoundrels, but don't lose sight of the good science being done in the background. This message would make me tend to trust what Darrell Kaufmann has to say in the future. Stephen McIntyre who would use every opportunity to twist my data and words to his own political ends I read McIntyre's site regularly, and find very little evidence of this. His 'political ends'? By design, there's very little political discussion on his site. But one of few times this veil was dropped was after Obama's election, where he allowed it to be known that he was rooting for Obama: http://www.climateaudit.org/?p=4265 "I don't often talk about my political views - though I've sometimes taken pains to point out that I do not share the political views of many readers. In American terms, Canada would be a blue state along the lines of Massachusetts; Toronto would be a liberal city in a blue state; and I live downtown in one of the most liberal constituencies in the city. None of this is unrelated to my political views. I realize that many Climate Audit readers have opposite political views, but we try to get along." "I think that Obama's election is also very healthy for the U.S. in world terms. The U.S. stands for both good and bad in world terms. While U.S. economic dominance has faded, it is still the leading world nation and leadership from the U.S. is important. Obama is in a position to provide such leadership in a way that would have been impossible for McCain." You might argue successfully that his pedantic insistence on sources, data, and algorithms gets in the way of 'progress', but to say that this is because of his political views is a gross error. Like most of the 'skeptics' on his site, his goal is to insure that we are basing our decisions (whatever they may be) on sound science rather than on propaganda. Certainly he has some readers who do not share this goal, but I feel very certain that his personal goal is good science. You don't think there are some vested politics here? I understand the sense that there could be, but as a regular reader of his site, with strong environmental leanings myself, I don't see any evidence of any such bias. He's a hard core statistician who happened to find his skills in demand by energy companies. I wouldn't presume a nuclear physicist is necessarily biased towards atomic war, and I wouldn't presume that Steve has any particular fondness for drilling in wildlife refuges. There's plenty of room to distort the facts while reporting them. Fox News... I agree with you that that Fox News is neither fair nor balanced. The snippets I've seen while sitting in airport terminals make me recoil in horror. It's very similar feeling to the feeling I get reading some of these leaked emails: a nausea induced by demagoguery and propaganda. I do not get this feeling when reading Steve's posts. Also not the addressee, but I'd probably bet at about an 80% confidence level that you could not demonstrate a consistent preference for the sound quality for an instrument that has been played recently versus one that has been sitting in a climate controlled environment for a year. This means there is a real chance that I'd lose, so I have to base my bet size on what size loss I could sustain. For me, that would mean I'd bet up to several (single-digit) thousand dollars. My actual confidence level is somewhat higher, but I have to factor in the rate of false-positives. And while I certainly could be wrong, and I'm certainly not an expert in this area, I don't feel like I'm going in blind: I have a general physics background, I've done basic violin repairs, and I have a general sense of how difficult it is to prove any consistent effect regarding taste and perception. [Edit: why are people voting RiderOfGiraffes down for asking question?] You might be right, although author responds that concern with considerable detail here: But let’s step back here. I am using the word in its everyday, loosely overloaded sense. As in, you telling your friend, “you are such a !@##$ sociopath.” I want to stick to the term for two good reasons. One: Hugh Macleod’s original cartoon which inspired this series is too good to give up. Second, distrust of communities and groups, and a stubborn individualism, are the main personality characteristics here (and this position is not original to me; it is derived from William Whyte). Words like “player” or “enlightened” (two suggested alternatives) don’t cut it. http://www.ribbonfarm.com/2009/11/21/morality-compassion-and... It's not about Karma and points, it's about the quality of the site as defined by the current users. You weren't downvoted for trolling, but for the style of your comment. LOLspeak and emoticons are standard elsewhere, but not here. Generally, your 'thanks' will be better appreciated here if you use the best standard English that you know. You aren't being punished, rather your comment was being moved lower on the page to make room for better ones. You can choose to ignore the feedback this rearrangement provides, but your stay here may be more enjoyable if you pay some attention to the local customs. Also, the author is a hacker who once had a magnet implanted into her hand for augmented sensory perception: http://www.wired.com/gadgets/mods/news/2006/06/71087 They're known to be fairly accurate prior to 1960, to the best of our knowledge. This is a scientific thing This sounds backwards. We calibrate against the instrumental record up to 1960, we know that there is increasing divergence post 1960, thus should we presume we can have greater trust for the previous eras where we have no instrumental record? Wouldn't the onus be on explaining the divergence? I haven't seen anyone else accepting a divergence while at the same time claiming that the previous record is accurate. It seems more standard to downplay the divergence rather than to accept it. Could you reference some sources that discuss the divergence? I appreciate it. The first link is coming up 404, but I'll check the other two. I think I'm superficially familiar with both, but I haven't actually read them in their entirety. Will do if I have time. there is a substantial amount of overlap between these reconstructions and our actual instrumental record during the calibration period From memory, I don't think this is quite the right conclusion. Rather, the instrumental record is used to calibrate the reconstruction, so the overlap approaches 100%. Worse, the accusations are that the correlation is even better because any trees not matching the temperature record have been eliminated as non-performing! I don't think either of these papers shows accuracy of reconstruction on an out-of-sample set for which there exists an outside measurement. I'll recheck, though. None of this really changes what the comment says, which was basically "Don't use this to plot past 1960, because we know that part needs corrections". I don't disagree here. In the absence of some overriding context, that seems like a valid reading of the comment. You'll probably get better answers, but I'll start since no one has who's actually living car free has chimed in. I think San Francisco proper and Berkeley are probably the only places where living without a car is a respected choice. There are certainly people who do so elsewhere around the Bay, but I get the sense that they aren't as thrilled about it. I'm inland in the East Bay, and most here would consider a car a necessity. Overall, judging by the standards of major cities in other countries, the public transportation isn't great. It exists, it's much better than the heartland of the US, and for certain routes is very convenient, but it won't get you everywhere you want when you want it. You'll probably also want a bicycle, friends with cars, or even a Zipcar membership. It would help to know where you are moving from, as that might affect your expectations considerably. I agree that it isn't that typos and misspellings aren't that big of a deal, but I think they correlate significantly with clarity of thought. Making judgments based on superficial characteristics isn't necessarily a bad thing; the key is to make sure that one is choosing the right surfaces to look at. For me, the disclaimer is a red flag, but the quality of the text countered it quite well. Should I presume his logic is positively correlated with his strength of sentence structure? Usually I do. But for me, this was overridden by the attempt to cite fiction as an authority. Good fiction is good because it appeals to our sense of authenticity, not because it actually is authentic. Thus using fiction as an example is usually just arguing that something 'sounds right'. I just watched a very good documentary on steriod use (Bigger Stronger Faster) that pointed out that the real Stallone's physique as depicted in the movie relied fairly heavily on steroids. Sure, there were lots of crunches, but heavy drugs as well. Is the real message of this article that deception (self or otherwise) is essential to entrepreneurial success? What use cases are you envisioning where threading will be essential? Or aiming in the opposite direction, what use cases are people envisioning for server-side Javascript at all? I presume its anticipated niche is as a CGI-type replacement --- relatively light-weight 'programs' executed per request. If that's the case, is there much need for multithreading? It was an entertaining comic, but I agreed much more with Uncle Bob, the author of the linked article. The comic said: "The client has completely forgotten that they hired you, the web designer, to build them a great product." Whereas I see: "You have forgotten that the client is paying you to build a site which best represents the business in which they are the domain expert." Can I add a suggest adding something about comment moderation to the Guidelines? Perhaps: "Don't downmod comments just because you disagree with them. Similarly, don't upmod a comment just because it takes your side. Instead, vote up for comments that further the discussion, and down for comments that do not." OK, feel free to reword it to "upvote the comments you want to see discussed more". My main thrust is that an explicit guideline should be given for comment moderation, not what the exact content should be. I've seen Paul's comment before, and have now voted it up. Still, I don't think encouraging voting based on agreement is a good thing. Yes, given limited channels of communication, sometimes voting up a comment you like is the best way to show solidarity. If in the long run this produces a better forum for discussion, then great! I'm fairly happy with where the quality of discussion is now, and I'd like to see it continue at the same or better level. I think a guideline that encourages conscious and non-reflexive voting based on quality rather than agreement would help, even if the other only difference is that people think more about why they are voting as they currently do. It's possible that the post has been edited since you replied, but as it reads now he is "impartial and agnostic about climate change". Clearly he is biased against the current state of "climate science" as currently practiced, but I'd take him at his word that he's interested in seeing what the data show if one removes the hype and spin. Now we can add farmers who wouldn't even eat the food they bring to market to that list. Where in the list do you find that example? The only comment by a farmer I saw was a (great) grass-fed beef producer lamenting the quality of mass-produced grain-fed beef. I'm quite certain he happily eats the products that he produces. I deal with a lot of conventional and organic growers. While I'm sure that they exist somewhere, I've yet to run across a farmer who wouldn't eat what he produces. OK, reading closer I guess you are right if you're willing to go on hearsay. A representative of the National Organics Standards Board is quoted as having talked to potato farmers who say they wouldn't eat what they sell. Or is there some greater evidence you see? This linked article is junk[1], but the study on which it is based is rather interesting: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2673878/ The gave either fructose or glucose based to volunteers over a period of 10 weeks, and seem to have shown a clear statistical difference between the reaction to the two. Although both produced similar total weight gains, there were consistent differences in how the volunteers reacted to each: "These data suggest that dietary fructose specifically increases DNL, promotes dyslipidemia, decreases insulin sensitivity, and increases visceral adiposity in overweight/obese adults." [1] The "six times sweeter" claim is false, and indicates a lack of both fact checking and logic. If it was 6x sweeter, you wouldn't need anywhere near as much of it! How so? I take a pretty dim view of most organized religion, and found this to be one of the more rational sermons I have read or heard. He suggests that in a dire situation, stealing from the shelves of a major chain store is a less evil alternative than violent crime or prostitution. The obvious flaw in his argument would pointing out that this is a false dilemma, that there are many other alternatives. But for the example of the recently released prisoner he cites, I'm not sure which obvious ones he's failing to consider. I'm not pro-shoplifting, but given his scenario it seems better than robbery. Could you explain? My name or javert's? I think you are mistaken. In my reading, the series has data for both GDP and per capita. Each individual page shows only one or the other. It is not per/per as you imply. http://mdgs.un.org/unsd/mdg/Metadata.aspx?IndicatorId=28&... Follow either of the links to 'Metric tons of CO2 per capita' and you'll find numbers very close to Wikipedia. (in any case, could you delete one of your responses so that replies aren't scattered?) I'd suggest that the attention is on China and the US primarily because they are respectively the number 1 and 2 total emitters of CO2, making up about 40% of the global total. But it's hard to prove why people believe what they do, so I offer this only as opinion. I'd agree that political fashion likely plays a strong role, but your reluctance to retract your misinterpretation regarding the units of the data makes my unwilling to discuss this with you further. Claiming the the point stands in either case, whether or not this is true, forces me to flip the bozo bit. Great links, thanks! The card trick mentioned is fun to ponder. Here's a link that gives the full article: http://courses.csail.mit.edu/6.042/fall09/cardTrick.pdf "You, my friend, are about to witness the best card trick there is. Here, take this ordinary deck of cards, and draw a hand of five cards from it. Choose them deliberately or randomly, whichever you prefer -- but do not show them to me! Show them instead to my lovely assistant, who will now give me four of them, one at a time: the 7 of Spades, then the Queen of Hearts, the 8 of Clubs, the 3 of Diamonds. There is one card left in your hand, known only to you and my assistant. And the hidden card, my friend, is the King of Spades." At this point I think it is well known that quitting smoking doesn't have much health benefit. I don't think this is true. In fact, this strikes me as a lie (not an error) on two fronts: there are health benefits, and there are widely believed to be health benefits. Here's what looks like the official US line: http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/factsheet/Tobacco/cessati... "The immediate health benefits of quitting smoking are substantial" "Quitting smoking reduces the risk of cancer and other diseases..." "Quitting smoking substantially reduces the risk of developing and dying from cancer, and this benefit increases the longer a person remains smoke free." The Australian government (this is an Australian paper being referenced) seems to take a similarly strong line, and has a version of tobacco packaging warnings with the simple tagline "Quitting Will Improve Your Health": http://www.health.gov.au/internet/quitnow/publishing.nsf/Con... "Quitting smoking at any age has short and long term health benefits. Quitting will reduce the risks for diseases caused by smoking and will help to improve your health in general." If the government is lying about these facts, then this would be a scandal. But this really isn't the 'scandal' referred to in the title of the paper. From the closing paragraph: "But smoking is really a secondary issue. The primary issue is the integrity of science. This has no use-by date. When the processes of science are misused, even if for what seems a good reason, science and its practitioners are alike degraded." The point of the paper is the using misleading statistics and cherry-picked data to prove a point, even if this point is certain to be true, even if it can be established by other means, is a scandal. Apologizing for this practice by rationalizing that "everyone knows" only compounds the problem, and makes their point even sharper. Morning cold fingers. A quality comment that I meant to vote up and missed. Sorry. All other sources I have found suggest that mature poke leaves are poisonous until cooked. I'm not sure if Bill is a troll, wrong, or just of solid constitution, but please do your own research before taking his advice on wild edibles. ps. I've also seen no one else claim that "wild almonds" taste like domestic almonds: "not even the most ardent nut lover among us will eat wild almonds; their lousy taste keeps us away" http://discovermagazine.com/1994/sep/biologyandmedici422 Spontaneous social interaction is a bad thing if one is performing a task that requires intense and uninterrupted concentration. It can be a good thing when planning, and is generally a bad thing when executing. Are you the rare example of a programmer who works better with distraction? Or do you possibly do something other than write complex code all day? Help me to understand: how is this different than publishing scans of documents found in a public dumpster? If you don't want your credit card bills published on the internet, shred all your mail before throwing it away. If you don't want me to republish the contents of your semi-private URL's, encrypt everything. Yes, in theory the public could have accessed this information on their own, but why would it be polite or desirable to republish it? At a first glance, this looks like an immature stunt of the sort I'd hope would be scorned. I'm not arguing that it's illegal -- just rude. Are people voting this up to encourage more such stunts? To call attention to the risks? Why? I think you are wrong. I agree with you, in the sense that I would not feel comfortable doing this. "The gun is always loaded" is great rule, as is "Never point a gun at something you don't want to shoot". But it has its limits, and context is important. Assume that you're a hostage negotiator, or someone in the police or military that otherwise expects to end up in a situation where someone is pointing a presumably loaded weapon at you at close range. I think there's a good argument to be made that you should train for this circumstance under the most realistic conditions you can muster, rather than hoping that your first live experience will go just the way it did on paper. If having a real gun pointed at you helps to simulate and train your real life response, this might be a good strategy. Personally, as someone not in such a field, I'll spend the bulk of my efforts on figuring out how to avoid such situations. But for a professional training for a situation they expect to encounter, this is not 'play'. I've done so, and think I am generally familiar with the concept. I don't see any direct connection. Could you explain the relevance that you see? My experience goes in a different direction: when you see different behavior when compiled with and without optimization, suspect a memory allocation error or overrun. While compiler optimization bugs do exist, I've more often found that the problem is real. If you are working with your own code and care if it works: 1) Turn on all compiler warnings 2) Change your code so it compiles clean 3) Run under Valgrind (or equivalent). 4) Address all reported errors, specifically whitelisting them if necessary. 5) If you find a bug, don't stop until you've found the cause. You're done when you understand what caused the bug to appear, not when the symptoms go away. 6) Use open source tools, since otherwise you'll be tempted to blame some unspecified 'bug in the compiler'. (not that ESR would be using any other) 7) If it is a compiler bug, report it, along with the smallest test case you can generate. No. I say this with absolute certainty, having just submitted a link to a PDF, to which the [scribd] portion was added, either by the system or by an HN administrator. If you click on the title, it still goes to the original URL, which in my case was a straight PDF. If you click on the [scribd] portion, you are taken to a copy at Scribd. I'm tired of all the labeling, and I don't care much for the article with it's circular argument about 100% consensus among all experts. But I'm all for his proposal of common ground: "we need more efficiency and sustainability, desperately, in order to regain energy independence, improve productivity, erase the huge leverage of hostile foreign petro-powers, reduce pollution, secure our defense, prevent ocean acidification, and ease a vampiric drain on our economy." I could quibble with some of his colorful language (eg, how desperately?), but the principle seems sound: we would benefit from greater energy efficiency and improvements in alternative energy sources regardless of their effect on global warming. Is there anyone here (either side) who disagrees with this? If so, why? Could you clarify how the problem is hard to fix under Linux? If you set swappiness to 0, does it still swap out application pages? I thought it was a stunning example of "incentive cause bias" ( http://vinvesting.com/docs/munger/human_misjudgement.html ) that the founder of a "boutique corporate law firm" would recommend that one should pay for the services of a "top M&A attorney" to decide what to do. This isn't to say it's bad advice, but somehow it would have been more compelling coming from an entrepreneur who had been through this process rather than from the owner of a firm that benefits monetarily from offering this exact service. I think that's correct. Presumably this is the Dance he refers to: http://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~uno/programs/dance.w Since we're vaguely on the topic of 'identity', and hopefully deeply enough in a thread not to be in anyone else's way, I'll toss in an offtopic reaction to 'pw0ncakes'. In this thread and others, your comments are solid and intelligent. I want to vote them up. But your username throws me: it's probably intended as parody, but for me it still signifies irreverent 'script-kiddie', whether ironic or not. So while you're welcome to choose your own online identity, and while other people might be better able to disassociate your content from your username, you might want to consider whether your chosen name sends the message you want to be sending. If it already does, well, more power to you! Apologies for the impropriety. I'm saddened to see someone gloating at having helped to prevent the release of a dataset that I see as beneficial. Netflix offered an unprecedented corpus for research, and now someone is proud about helping the lawyers to lock it up. I think I just have a fundamentally different sense of privacy than the author. I think this comes out most clearly in their FAQ: Furthermore, even if the algorithm finds the "wrong" record, with high probability this record is very similar to the right record, so it still tells us a lot about the person we are looking for. So the "violation of privacy" occurs even we don't actually reveal information about the individual, even if we only provide a framework for making predictions? So if I publish a study (with backing data) that says that 38 year old males are likely to commit adultery, I've "violated the privacy" of all 38 year old males? Could someone who shares the author's worldview try to explain it? I've tried, but I just don't see it. Ironically (and I think this is a legitimate use of the term) I hadn't realized when writing my comment that 'randomwalker' and 'Arvind Narayanan' were one and the same. But I apologize for my misinterpretation. I've read it again, though, and still have to fight the same reaction. Perhaps I'm just prejudiced against the 'open letter' format, as I often see it used in that way. Still, if you can overlook my misreading, I would love your response. I understand that the example from the FAQ is not central to your argument, but I do think it's important in understanding your worldview. If I provide a tool that can be used, erroneously or not, to create or enable prejudice, at what point have I crossed the line into 'violation of privacy'? Now I go looking for a job and someone in HR decides that my political views are too risky, so I don't even get an interview. It's not ideal, but basing hiring decisions on real information (even if 'private') strikes me as better than using uninformed prejudice. In the example you give, is it better or worse to have the HR person say "Homoiconic? Sounds gay to me!"? I don't see much increased risk in offering a deeper pool of inherently unverifiable information, even if this information might be used badly. The author's views are that Netflix can provide the benefits you desire without compromising the privacy I desire. I think the debate should be around whether the authors are correct. This is a good debate, but for me it's a secondary one. Even if a privacy-safe solution is theoretically possible, I fear the only likely outcome will be that Netflix buries a 'release authorization' somewhere deep within their terms of service and is dissuaded from offering similar data sets in the future. I also think that for my needs 'anonymize and release' is the only feasible solution. While online systems might be better than nothing, the approaches I'm interested in (kNN on GPU's, massively parallel cross-validations) really require local data and full control over data layout. But perhaps there is indeed a solution that works for everyone. This is the approach that Netflix took with the initial data. The paper referred to shows that this is insufficient, and does little to ease privacy concerns. The general problem is that if you 'fuzz' up the data enough to make identification impossible, it's no longer useful as a dataset. They have poor information sources for their prejudice now Yes to that part. We should base our choices on our current situation, not an idealized view. I don't see what harm better information sources driving their prejudice could do. That loses too much nuance. I can see that it could do harm, but think that increased information could also reduce prejudice. In the particular case of movie reviews, I see the added risk as low, and the potential benefit as small but significant. The debate on privacy dangers is secondary, if Netflix refuses to release useful data in the future then that's the primary danger No, I mean secondary in the sense that we need to sort out the what the actual privacy dangers are before we try to come up with workarounds. If the outcome is that Netflix embeds some small print requiring all users to allow the release of 'suitably anonymized' rating data, has this changed anything? We still need to determine the actual risks. Perhaps the privacy advocates so right about the dangers that even an opt-in system should be prevented. I was working on a project with the data, and the FTC ruling appears to have put a stop to that. People already using the data set internally will likely be unimpacted. The Netflix terms of release presumably still apply, and prevent most commercial usages. But research papers that need to cite a publicly available data set will be adversely impacted, and the legal 'cloud of fear' will likely prevent the release of future data sets. I voted him up because I'm taking him at his word that his goal is to paraphrase, and that I wasn't very clear in my initial writing. If both speakers have equal opportunity to respond, saying back in your own words what you think you are hearing is a great way to reach understanding. If nothing else, it made me reread what I wrote to see if I could state things more clearly. Read the article even if 'salt' doesn't seem exciting. One can see why this article won the 1999 award from the National Association of Science Writers. It does a tremendous job of explaining a complex controversy. For me, the parallel with global warming is uncanny: locked in camps looking at the same data, coming to opposite conclusions, and accusing the other of being blinded by bias. Searching now for other things Gary Taubes has written... Thanks for posting this. Sometimes I wonder if HN should automatically replace the 'popular glosses' with the actual papers being discussed. The paper is indeed a lot less clear, although it does make substantially the same claims made in the linked article. It just doesn't do a great job of defending those claims. The biggest problem would seem to be that Experiment 1 showed that rats given a 8% HFCS solution for 12 hours a day gain more significantly more weight than rats given the same solution for 24 hours a day, even though both groups consume the same total number of calories. While this might be a possible effect, the most likely conclusion is that 'statistically significant' does not in this case mean reproducible. The second big problem with the 'HFCS is worse than sugar' interpretation is that in Experiment 2 (6 months instead of 8 weeks), they dropped the sucrose comparison from all the males in the long-term study! The females did show weight gain for a diet that allowed 24 hour access to HFCS, but no weight gain was observed for female rats allowed to free-feed on either sucrose of HFCS for 12 hours a day. Not just no difference between them, NO WEIGHT GAIN over just chow. From this, they conclude "HFCS caused an increase in body weight greater than that of sucrose in both male and female rats." Sure, just not in the same experiment. And not in many cases. "Less clear" is an understatement. "Disgrace" get closer, but doesn't manage to convey my anger that the authors can do this while still remaining employed. PForDelta is another interesting approach that isn't mentioned here. It claims slightly better compression than VByte, and significantly faster (~2x) decompression on modern superscalar processors: http://www2008.org/papers/pdf/p387-zhangA.pdf I've yet to try it in practice. It's a good article, and a good intro to the pitfalls of statistical interpretation, but I think it reaches the wrong conclusion. Yes, when one has a very limited data set and needs to draw a conclusion in a hurry, and one has full confidence that there are no confounding variables in one's experiment, then paying very close attention to small differences in p-values can make sense. But how often is this the case when testing a new logo or signup page? I'm less mathematically sophisticated than the author, and would choose a simpler approach: ignore weak results. If one determines that there is a 95% chance that 51% of people prefer Logo A, either stick with what what you have, go with the one you like, or keep searching for a better logo. If you can't see the effect in the raw data without rigorous mathematical analysis, it's probably not a change worth spending much time on. Instead of adjusting your significance test for each 'peek', simply ignore anything less than 99.9% 'significant'. And while you are at it, ignore anything that's less than a 10% improvement, on the assumption that structural errors in your testing are likely to overwhelm any effects smaller than this. Drug trials and the front page of Google aside, if the effect is so small that it flips into and out of 'significance' each time you peek, it's probably not the answer you want. Changing from a simple "most recently used" approach to a complex machine learning approach doesn't seem like a a good idea. Perhaps there would be some other small modifications that would keep the system simple and deterministic? For example, he mentions the problem that one gets into once one switches accidentally to the wrong app: once you've switched, it becomes the MRU when you try to switch back. Perhaps a rule that an application isn't added considered the MRU unless you interact with it in some way? So that if you switch to it but immediately switch away it is no different than hovering? I'm not a moderator, but I flagged it because it's not a direction I want to see HN moving. "Ask HN" type posts are tricky --- I'm worried if we start by allowing posts that are intended solely as conversation starters, we may soon end up with a front page full of popular quotes, dumb jokes, and one-liners. Had it been a link to an external page I wouldn't have been moved to act. It may also be that I just didn't get it. At a glance, it looked like a semantic game rather than a worthy paradox. Why should one presume that a multiple choice question has one and only one correct answer? I was probably also influenced by the quality of the discussion. When I started reading, the top voted answer was "It is answerable... with a swift kick to the balls of the person asking it", followed by geek jokes about this answer. This didn't seem like a good start. Perhaps I should have flagged only this response, rather than the whole post. Perhaps more than a glance is appropriate before flagging items? Perhaps, but I don't think so in this case. The main reason I flagged it was not the 'paradox' but because it's not a direction I want to see HN going. If a rabbi and a priest walk into a bar, I'd flag it regardless of whether the punchline is hilarious. I'd agree that the moderator should take more than a glance. Wouldn't down-voting the particular comment(s) you don't like be more appropriate? I can't really assess 'appropriate', but it certainly wouldn't have been as effective. Knocking a 'funny' comment down from 16 to 15 points wouldn't have even been noticed, whereas using the flag to call it to the attention of a moderator for review had the effect I hoped for. I found the submission interesting, the discussion less so, and wish the inappropriate comments had been flagged/killed to allow the interesting and contentful discussion to flow. Good reply, and good points. It's probably a better paradox than I thought at a glance. But while one doesn't want to throw out too many babies with the bathwater, at least with fruit trees, it's often better to prune too much than too little. You might get less fruit this year, but you end up with a stronger tree and better root system. In this case, I think the better solution would be to make a page about the paradox, and link to that. It's hard to know, but I think a more fully fleshed out blog post about the paradox might have produced better discussion. I don't think I'm humourless, but I value HN as one of the few places on the public internet where intelligent discussion is still possible without being drowned out by regurgitated memes and fart jokes. While in theory it's possible to have both, I haven't seen it happen elsewhere. The comparisons to Reddit are discouraged not because they are baseless, rather for fear that they may be self-fulfilling. Reddit used to feel like a community as well, and I used to enjoy reading the comments there as well. It's worth asking 'What changed?' and 'What could have been done differently?' I just looked at your link: http://www.whattofix.com/blog/archives/2010/05/nerdy-cute-gi... It struck me as a parody of the worst possible thing you could post here: non-funny, sexually stereotyped, ethnocentric, and devoid of insight; but with just enough of a hook to get a significant number of upvotes. It's soft porn with a plausible excuse. And once people saw that this was acceptable, I'm sure we'd see more of the same. If I were the moderator, I'd have not only deleted it but emailed you to tell you that if you do it again your account will be banned. This isn't because I'm against humor, or against porn, but because I can't see the community I enjoy remaining intact while adding this sort of boorish fluff. I don't want to pick on you too much, but did you picture the conservative religious users being amused by this, or did you set out to offend them? Did you consider how it might seem to a young female programmer to see your post on the front page? I'm very far from politically correct, but I can scarcely conceive of what you were thinking. I just got this book as an interlibrary loan based on this recommendation, and so far I'm not finding it that helpful. This isn't because it's a bad book: to the contrary, just as you say it's very readable. But it's also very strongly a book about concurrency in Java. My first thought was that this wouldn't matter --- an algorithm is an algorithm. But for the purposes I'm interested in (multiprocessor malloc replacements, fast userspace read-write locks, generally low-level Linux on x86) I'm finding the high-level theoretical view to be impractical. It's not that that using Java for the examples is a problem, but that apart from the appendices there is very little discussion of what I find are the real performance issues: cache misses, memory bandwidth, and processor pipelines. All of which could be considered hardware specific implementation details, but all of which make the difference between a 'provably correct solution' and one that actually performs well in the real world. Anyway, a fine book, but perhaps better titled "The Theory of Concurrency in Java". I'll keep reading it, and I'm sure I'll learn from it, but I'll also keep looking for something more nitty and gritty. Yes, that's a somewhat better article. I would have submitted that one had I seen it first. Moderator --- perhaps you could switch to it? [Interesting, apparently there's no way to flag your own comment to grab a moderator's attention. Probably not a common desire! Perhaps someone could flag this comment for this purpose?] Perhaps. I posted it because I came across their blog today after reading a George Monbiot editorial, and then started reading their Manifesto. This seemed more accessible as a chunk than either of those two. Perhaps I should have submitted their most recent blog post instead: http://www.dark-mountain.net/wordpress/2010/05/19/the-need-f... Certainly less vague. I don't necessarily agree with their conclusions (and neither does Monbiot), but it seemed like a well reasoned discussion. Google will not do that because it would cost them a fortune in missed ad impressions and clicks. This seems unnecessarily constraining. They already allow you change your preferences to see 100 results per search instead of the default. How does this fit with your logic? Certainly Google is very concerned with click-through on ads, but I'm not sure they'd be losing much if they allowed continuous scrolling. What percentage of their revenue do you think they derive from ads placed on 'next' pages? And certainly there would be some way that they could integrate more ads with the Ajax loads: adding them to the sidebar as you scroll, or otherwise integrating them with the incrementally added results. Great statistics, thanks! That's much higher than I would have guessed. While I agree that very few people change the default number of results, I would have also guessed that few click through to a second page. Personally, I don't like the AJAX update approach. I'd much rather that a site just give me a long list of results, and allow me to scroll through them without loading delays. If I could set Google to return 1000 results, it would feel about right. Partly a legacy: 'all electric' was a selling point in the middle of the century when lots of new houses were being built. Partly cost: if you already have a modern electric hookup, the equipment is cheaper. Also, I think a lot of subdivisions and rural areas in the US were built without gas hookups. Whether it's less efficient depends on what metric you're using. In areas that have hydroelectric or nuclear generation for electricity, the CO2 emissions are less with electric heat. Cost varies: there are places where electric simply costs less, particularly if you can spot heat instead of using a central system. Here's a couple links: http://www.iwilltry.org/b/projects/comparing-natural-gas-vs-... (concludes that switching to electric makes cost sense in BC, Canada) http://www.leonardo-energy.org/webfm_send/377 (European view concluding that from a CO2 perspective electric is a win in Austria and France) I disagree. If you are programming in C or C++, and you are not aware of this effect, you are probably doing something wrong, perhaps using the wrong language. And the article isn't suggesting that you should blindly optimize for it, rather it's giving you some background and telling you about which tools you can use to measure the effect of branch prediction. I think that developers become better rather than worse when they start to understand what happens under the hood. Are we to protect people from the dangers of superficial levels of knowledge by keeping them ignorant? Teach them, and if that's not enough, then teach them more: "Mispredicted branches can cause a conditional itself to run about 10 times slower. In very tight loops, this can be a problem, but most of the time this effect isn't even measurable. It's dwarfed by other effects, such as accesses to main memory, which are in turn dwarfed by disk access. If you read from memory in your routine more than a couple times, or touch disk even once, it's probably not worth worrying about branch prediction errors." Or would you suggest that kernel programmers shouldn't be aware of these effects either? :) It holds just as true, but I can't think of a case where it would be worth worrying about. For example, accesses to main memory are much more expensive than mispredicted branches. Unless you're also concerned with how Python or Ruby stores its values internally, you don't need to think about the speed of conditionals. It's really only an issue if you're writing the Python or Ruby interpreter itself. I think you are misinterpreting this. All branch predicting CPU's will deal better with basic and regular patterns: 100 trues in a row followed by 100 falses. It's only with regard to how well they handle different ABAB-type patterns that they differ. Modern and more expensive processors are better at detecting more complex patterns. The macros you refer to a are an even more minor effect --- they only affect what happens the first time through the loop. It's a tiny optimization of an optimization. Branch prediction is a hardware feature, and is going to happen whether you use these macros or not. It's the logic of your code that's going to make the big difference, not the macros. Is the Branch Target Buffer synonymous with the instruction cache[1]? But yes, it certainly can matter. I thought the links that 'wendroid' offered above were interesting: a Scheme interpreter, presumably already fairly well optimized, saw about a 10% improvement through the hinting macros. But I'd argue that if this level of optimization is required, the bigger gains are to be see through changing your algorithms to become more regular: for example, using fixed length blocks in a compression scheme rather than checking for null termination [2]. But if this is for some reason impossible, then use hinting! [1] http://www.agner.org/optimize/microarchitecture.pdf [2] http://www2008.org/papers/pdf/p387-zhangA.pdf Maybe you'd like the message better if it was inverted: "Contrary to popular wisdom, with modern processors there's very little penalty for conditionals where the same branch is taken each time. It's only when the branches are random that slowdowns occur, and even so it's usually not a big deal." I disagree about the "one guy" theory. While it may be true that very few Ruby programmers would benefit from this knowledge, if you are bothering to use C or C++ you might as well take full advantage of the speed it has to offer. If not, why not use a higher level language? I'd certainly want the author of my interpreter to be fully aware of these issues: http://bugs.python.org/issue4753 on a non-optimizing compiler you are hitting the string every time in the loop because of the strlen In practice, what assumptions one should make here about optimizing compilers? It seems like it would take a lot of compiler intelligence to figure out that even though we are modifying the string in place, we are never terminating the string, and thus strlen() remains constant. Thus my instinct would be to never use it in a loop like this. But maybe current compilers are actually this smart? I just compiled with gcc -O3 and looked at the result with objump -S, but I'm not familiar enough with the assembly to figure out how it's handling things here. By contrast, my instinct was to do this with in a single pass with two incrementing pointers. I'm not sure if the code is clearer ( http://gist.github.com/416170 ), but at least the assembly turns out simple enough to read! I don't disagree, but your phrasing seems odd considering that the linked article is written by the same Tom Vanderbilt who wrote "Traffic". This might imply that it already takes your points into consideration? I don't think 'j' nor 'j-1' would make sense here. 'i' would make sense, if you also terminate the condensed string. Maybe it would be clearer if the names of the index variables better described their purpose? http://gist.github.com/416298 (no peaking if you're submitting!) I think these names make it clearer that neither "z_terminated[condensed]" nor "z_terminated[condensed - 1]" are reliable ways to find the end of the original string. This might be a case where one should benchmark before making changes that make the code more complex. I just threw your code your code into a thrown together cycle counter, and on my system it performs significantly worse than the straightforward solution. My test harness isn't perfect, but with "gcc -O3" on a Core i7, I get something like 20000 cycles to 'condense' a 4096 character random string with the suggested loop, versus 26000 with your more complex approach. With a 4096 character string set up to never contain char_to_remove, I get a practically identical 19500 cycles with both approaches. Thus there seems to be no benefit to the greater complexity. I just tossed together a quick branchless version, and was a little surprised to see that it was significantly slower than the straightforward pointer version on random data: about 1.5x the cycles. Presumably this gap would narrow if checking for char_to_remove was less predictable. Here's the code I tested. I think it works, but I barely checked it. I'm sure there are better ways to calculate 'increment'. Not sure if these would be enough to close the gap, though. void condense_by_removing_branchless(char *z_terminated, char char_to_remove) { char *condensed = z_terminated; while (*z_terminated) { *condensed = *z_terminated; int diff = *condensed - char_to_remove; int increment = -((diff | -diff) >> ((sizeof(int) * 8) - 1)); condensed += increment; z_terminated++; } *condensed = 0; } If you like the article, vote it up. If you have something interesting to say about the article, write a comment. Comments praising the article without adding anything interesting to the discussion are frequently downvoted. Telling _why_ you liked the article will likely to get a better response than merely affirming your fascination. This title is misleading, as the article makes no mention of 'corn syrup'. Instead, they thickened with guar gum to achieve "liquid twice as thick as water". I'm not sure what standard they are using for 'thickness', but corn syrup has a viscosity thousands of times more than water. The article points out that "below a certain threshold of speed and size, viscous drag becomes the dominant force". I'd strongly guess that humans swimming in corn syrup is below this point. Thus despite the summary article, I'd answer that one can swim faster in water than corn syrup. I'm using one as a business line, but would not recommend it. There's a brief period of silence before connecting, which results in constant 'do you hear me' questions, and generally poor voice quality overall. I like the attempts at transcription for voice mail, but find the voice mail difficult to configure otherwise. Sometimes I get messages on the ring-to phone, sometimes on GV. There's no way to set the number of rings before pick up. I'm having a much better experience with standard VOIP numbers through Callcentric, to the point that I'm looking at trying to port out the Google Voice number. Has anyone had any success in porting a number out? I didn't like the bee metaphor at first, but I think it's actually fairly accurate. In real life, I keep bees in my backyard, and periodically am stung while tending them, usually when I do something wrong (not enough smoke, working into evening). While being stung hundreds of times might be life threatening, what's probably not apparent is that being stung once and being stung 6 times causes approximately equal physical discomfort. It's really the worst sting (the one on your hand or face) that bothers you. It overshadows all the others. If you were to ask: how much would I pay to have gotten one sting less, that number is very different for the first sting versus the last. This is his metaphor: how hard would you work if you were still going to have lots of pain outstanding when you get your paycheck? The other part of the metaphor, which I don't think he intended, has to do with the acceptance involved. I realize that when I get stung by a bee on the back of my hand, it will swell up and leave my hand mostly unusable for a couple of days. Despite this, I keep bees. I think there is some deep rich vs poor metaphor here. It's an interesting article, but surprisingly light on details, even for Scientific American. Here's the actual paper: http://rspb.royalsocietypublishing.org/content/early/2010/06... And here's a delightful book that hits this topic and more: http://www.amazon.com/Mothers-Others-Evolutionary-Origins-Un... Sarah Hrdy is one of the absolute best popular science writers out there. This and her earlier book "Mother Nature" are two of the best unsung biology books I know of. I've given multiple copies as gifts. Edit: Having now read more of the referenced paper, my opinion of the Scientific American article drops further. The key detail left out of the SA summary is that the paper describes an interesting mathematical model, rather than yet another 'just so' story. Read the paper, skip the summary. Do you have any citation for the statistic you edit to add? The best I can find in a quick search is that maternal mortality in ancient Rome was about 10-15 per 1000 ( http://books.google.com/books?id=6BOQZirLCWgC&pg=PA335&#... ). I don't know the average number of pregnancies per woman, but 50% total mortality seems at odds with this. Are there any non-commercial tools that do similar things? I'm looking for a way to test a faster and smaller read-write lock implementation I'm playing with, but as it's a hobby project I can't afford to buy professional tools for it. I'd be looking for something that would run on Linux. Open source would of course be nice, but free is probably more important to me in this case. Finished product will be open-source designed to replace pthread's rwlocks. Your points are excellent, but number 2 seems a weak: why think of it as a single "machine"? If that's the metric, dual- and quad-processing machines would counter any advantage. Plus or minus some overclocking, a GTX280 and a Core i7 960 both consume roughly the same number or watts (130 for the processor vs 200 for the card?) and cost roughly the same (at least they did when I bought comparables). So while you can stick (and probably should) stick multiple cards in the same machine, it seems a little silly measure this in terms of multiples of single CPU performance. NVidia's blog response is interesting, and the some of the comments are actually worth reading: http://blogs.nvidia.com/ntersect/2010/06/gpus-are-only-up-to... To me, the interesting question here is the degree to which the code has been optimized in each case, and the difficulty of doing so. A while ago there was a competition to attempt to generate SHA1 hash collision: http://www.engineyard.com/blog/2009/programming-contest-and-... The GPU's trounced every other approach. I participated in the contest minimally (running slightly tweaked versions other people's code on both an Nvidia GPU and a Core i7) and I was amazed at how much more efficient the GPU solution was. I don't recall the exact ratios, but 'orders of magnitude' was definitely not an exaggeration. But that's sort of a contrived example. So what I'd love to see here is a framework that incentivizes each side to come up with their best solution to some real world problem. My instinct is that there are definitely problems for which 100x is realistic. Knowing which problems these are (and aren't) would be a more effective 'debunking' than a one side proclaiming an 'average' result. It's a good exchange, and worth reading particularly if you are one of those "extraordinarily hostile young men" who are likely disagree to with him. I left the article feeling that Eleanor (the defiant teenager) was particularly well-spoken, and that Jason Robert Brown would love for me to get off his lawn. I don't know him, but now I'm prejudiced against him and his works. But he does a great job of explaining his thought process, whether one agrees with it or not. And better understanding those with whom one disagrees is a good thing. I thought the weakest part was his attempt to make it a clear-cut case of right and wrong, and then go on to give some very muddy examples that really haven't been clearly decided: "I then ripped that CD on to my hard drive so I can listen to it on my iPod in my car. Well, that's not FAIR, right? I should have to buy two copies? No. There is in fact a part of the copyright law that allows exactly this; it's called the doctrine of fair use." Logical, I'd agree, but he might want to discuss this with the RIAA, who argue that it's not fair-use, and merely an example of their forbearance not to sue for such petty infringement: 'there’s no legal "right" to copy the copyrighted music on a CD onto a CD-R. However, burning a copy of CD onto a CD-R, or transferring a copy onto your computer hard drive or your portable music player, won’t usually raise concerns...' ( http://www.riaa.com/physicalpiracy.php?content_selector=pira... ) But his moral argument seems almost reasonable: I created this music, so I get to control who uses it. He trades fair-use under copyright for exclusive rights to distribution. Inevitability aside, 'hostile young men' of HN, what's the flaw with this reasoning? Does one need to resort to the fairly weak position that 'sharing' with strangers falls under fair-use, or is there something stronger that can be said? Yes, I definitely came out with a better opinion of Eleanor. I don't see the arrogance or entitlement--- I see someone passionate about an art form that most of her cohort couldn't care less about. Legally, Mr. Brown is on solid ground, and Eleanor is at best treading water. I appreciate that he's contacting people directly rather than suing through a proxy. But despite this, I think he's shooting himself in the foot. Be cautious with your generalizations about 'modern suburban American teenagers' and her spending habits. Having spent my youth working minimum wage jobs, one of my largest regrets is not being able to afford buy more and better books. I was able to take advantage of public libraries and university libraries, which remain one of my favorite features of American society. But I'll forgive Eleanor a lot for trying to follow her passion. Wow, that's quite a self-referential post! I don't know what Gustavo's role is within Python development, but I really don't think he understands the motivation of the core developers like Brett. Here's from Brett's original: I have a finite amount of time to volunteer in helping make Python what it is. Having people push upon me that they either think I am failing because I can't find a solution to a problem (the "complainers") or that the solution that I help create is not good even though it has not been implemented and proven to be a failure (the "what about this?" folks) just sucks away that much more time, preventing me from helping make Python better for YOU. It gets to the point that I sometimes wonder why I put in so much time and effort when so many people gripe about the volunteer work that I put in to produce this thing that is given to the world for free. And then Gustavo: I apologize, but I have a very hard time reading this and not complaining. ... I know this is just yet another complaint, though. I honestly cannot fix the problem either, and rather just talk about it in the hope that someone who’s able to do it will take care of it. Disgusting. Could you at least make an effort to convince the developer that they personally would benefit from the massive amount of work you are demanding of them, instead of just trying to bully them into it? More from Gustavo: I can’t provide ideas or solutions.. I can’t fix the problem.. they don’t even care about the problem. Why am I using this thing at all? Go a little farther: how does the developer benefit from your use of this software? If you can figure out how to answer this question in the positive, you've probably figured out a much better strategy for convincing others to solve your problems for you. If you can't, perhaps there is some other software that you could buy? If the developers don't care about the 'problem', maybe it's not their problem after all? I agree: it's good to have and to express opinions. But as you point out there is a real difference between "wouldn't it be cool if..." and "you really should be working on this problem of mine" instead of doing whatever it is you currently think is more important. I don't even really know who is right about a Python GIL. When working with C, I have a strong preference for separate processes and mmaps. When working with Perl (which I use a lot more than Python), I've never really felt much urge to use threading. Aesthetically, although I haven't really used it, I think Erlang's message passing approach is much better than native threads. But maybe Gustavo's right --- better threading would indeed allow lots of cool things to be done. That aside, what saddens me about the exchange between Gustavo and Brett is the misconnect. It strikes me as obvious that the key for Gustavo here is to show that it's in Brett's self-interest to improve threading in Python. I didn't see any attempt of this. Instead, he seems to be taking exactly the tack Brett just finished saying was ruinous to his morale. Presuming you mean this as a genuine question, "no". There is no network that tracks sales of used books, and manages to send royalty payments to the appropriate party. Mark experiences no direct financial benefit when you purchase a used copy from a bookstore. The best possible interpretation would be that he sells more copies new because the existence of a secondary market allows people to buy new copies with greater abandon. It does sound like an interesting marketing approach though: open a used book store that does make this promise, and without obligation sends $1 per used book to the listed author. Since it's a 'gift', there would be no need to determine legal ownership, assigned rights, etc. I'm not sure that it would confer enough advantage to cover the lost $1 of profit, but I think it would attract a lot of attention and business if you could keep the prices competitive otherwise. That was my initial thought as well, but reflecting more it's a decent question. On the surface, would you expect that a network exists for university libraries to pay for articles included in student class packets? Would you expect that the venue is expected to pay when a cover band plays in a bar? That musicians theoretically get paid when their song is played on the radio or streamed on the net? There's a lot of 'magic' happening, and it wouldn't be that much of a stretch for libraries or used book stores to participate. For all I know, there's even a country somewhere that already does it. It's odd that there is no mention here of the difference between maximizing revenue and maximizing profit. It says "new research suggests that the true path to maximizing profits is to combine pay-what-you-wish pricing with an appeal to charity" but makes no reference to the cost of goods sold. If you have a product that costs you $6, selling it to 1/2% of the people at $12.95 is a whole lot more profitable than selling it to 5% at an average price of $5.33 and then giving half of the proceeds to the charity! This doesn't make the study uninteresting, but it definitely limits the applicability to many real world products that do not have astronomical markups. It also makes it very unclear why the chose to compare pay-what-you-want to a single fixed high price, without even testing revenue for lower fixed prices. I use it, like it, and miss this in Chrome. Rather than aiming for the address line, I can just drop a link anywhere on the page. Perhaps it's a Linux thing. When I'm on Macs I also have trouble remembering that I have to explicitly 'Copy' things before I can paste them. I'm pretty skeptical of traditional calorie counting, but wouldn't your experiment be simply explained by the 5x difference in caloric content between the two? http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=3+oz+walnuts http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=3+oz+white+rice Wouldn't it be more fair to compare equal calories rather than equal weights? I'd have to guess that eating 15 oz of rice might have a significant appetite suppressing effect as well. Or maybe I'm not understanding the point of the experiment. Are you simply suggesting that by eating a strangely distributed 1200 calories you can 'make it until dinner'? :) My basic point remains: fats satisfy, calorie for calorie, faster than carbs. OK, I'd agree with that. I wasn't sure if that was the point you were trying to make, or whether you were saying something more subtle. And obviously there is a limit: eating 1250 kcal of cooked white rice (1 kg) would be rather a feat and would probably physically prevent you from eating any thing else for a while, whereas the same number of calories in the form of nuts (200 g) could sneak up on you! ps. Your numbers above are quite a bit off, as 1 oz is actually closer to 28 g, but you are forgiven as I'm guessing you are European and don't use ounces that often. No, while this is a wonderful analogy, I don't think this is actually a problem. It's more like assuming horses weigh 1000 kg --- wrong for all but the biggest draft horses, but a nice round number to work with. For the level of analysis in the article, there's really no difference between a 4 core machine and a processor with a 4x clock speed. His point is that the threaded model makes the most sense when each request is CPU intensive, and the event model works best when the work is light but the delays are long. All that would change for a multi-core processor is the definition of when the works starts to be CPU 'intensive'. Interesting. There's a link to the actual ruling at the end of the article: http://www.ca5.uscourts.gov/opinions%5Cpub%5C08/08-10521-CV0... "Because the dongle does not protect against copyright violations, the mere fact that the dongle itself is circumvented does not give rise to a circumvention violation within the meaning of the DMCA." I strongly disagree. Not because humor is inherently bad, but because it's too dangerous, too likely to overwhelm the parts of HN that I appreciate. It's like suggesting that a little heroin on the weekend would really brighten up the week. Maybe true, but unlikely remain 'just a little'. Let's concentrate on content and insight here, and let the other sites be the catch-all communities for those who want more 'balance'. If you enjoy Reddit or Digg as they currently are, or prefer other sites that balance humor and content, please use them rather than trying to remake HN in their image. Please do. I briefly debated choosing 'meth' or 'coke' in my analogy, and went with heroin because the it's one of the few drugs that is frequently fully demonized, and because I worried the others were American slang. I think heroin better creates the impression I want, although meth might be more technically accurate. Note that the analogy is not that each individual user will suffer as due to drug addiction, but that the community as a whole will be ravaged by the cumulative effects of the drug. Compare the comment quality on Digg, Reddit, and HN as viewed through the light of http://www.montanameth.org/View_Ads/index.php . I understand the issue of process size, but I'm confused why this is a concern. 1) You're not limited to having a single giant map of your entire data set for the life of the process. You can map in only the parts you are going to touch. For a CPU intensive request, a mmap()/munmap() pair isn't that much overhead. 2) You also can't address more than 64K of space on a 16-bit machine, but no one seems to worry too much about this anymore. Why would one worry about 32-bit machines when implementing a system that is handling gigabytes of data? Why not just run 64-bit and solve the 'problem'? I agree with you on the allocators. A pet projects that I'd like to get back to is redesigning dlmalloc to run fast out of a shared mmap(). With some simple locking, I think one could get some really fast file-backed data structures. Both arguments might be correct. If you are dealing with a language that makes a strong distinction between the object and the memory layout of that object, you might be better off handling the serialization yourself. But Varnish is in C, and data on disk is mapped to memory then used directly as a struct. Thus there are no small objects scattered around--- each 'object' is contiguous, and most likely on a single page. Prefetches happen automatically --- in Linux at least, disk caching and the VM are essentially synonymous. The benefit of using the VM directly with mmap() is that you have more control over the details and less overhead. > you'll still need to keep track of which data is on the disk and which data isn't I'm not following this. As I see it, all you have to do is keep insure that no more than 3GB are mapped for your process at a given time. You still let the kernel decide what's faulted in and when things are written out. Maybe my perspective is skewed: I'm viewing it from the perspective of real-time search, with large posting lists being frequently read and updated, and lazily written out to disk. Is there a different situation that is harder? > In short, i386 is not dead. And suggesting that it cannot handle "gigabytes of data" is absurd I didn't mean to imply it couldn't, or that it wasn't in common use. Rather I was wondering why I as a open source software author ( http://wiki.apache.org/incubator/LucyProposal ) would choose to make my life more complicated by targeting new software at a 32-bit platform at the expense of code simplicity. Our current plan is to optimize for 64-bit systems, and allow 32-bit compatibility for smaller data sets (tens of GB) by sprinkling in mmap()/munmap() calls as necessary: http://www.mail-archive.com/lucy-dev@lucene.apache.org/msg00... Edit to add: I'm not trying to claim I'm definitively right. Rather, my point is that I care about the answers to these questions in practice as well as in theory. I worry about taking the wrong approach. Multiple-choice meta-reactions: A) This is nonsense. Yes, the social construct of 'mental health' obviously excludes those who are deeply disturbed by the social status quo. Of course there is a strong correlation between having a low opinion of the people around you and being depressed, but simply adopting a rosier view of the world at best cures only the symptom. B) Wow, this is great! I love it when scientific studies can provide insight into things we intuit but have trouble putting into words. I've always thought this, and it feels great to see others confirming my ideas. I can't wait to read the full paper, but until then I'll remind myself that a positive outlook will help both me and those around me. C) Both A and B. Zed, you might reconsider your social strategy. Your article lays out a brilliant theoretical approach, but it's hard figure out how to apply it without more real-world data. Pragmatically, it seems like your goal should be to encourage others who are in a position to gather this data to do so, and to share it with you. It looks like Jacques looks has a pretty good start at making these measurements: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1573145 . If the numbers he provides aren't helpful, or aren't complete, you might try encouraging him to fix them. Calling him a "FUD slinging troll" seems more likely to cause him to tune out and ignore you, to the detriment of us all. Realize that you've been thinking about this problem for a while now, while others have just started their thought process. Your goal is to get them up to speed so they can move your argument further, but this won't be instantaneous. Treating them as potential allies during this formative stage might pay off. If you can hold off with the insults for a couple hours or even days, you might get better results than if you shout them down immediately. :) > I would guess-but do not know-that it is probably being > sold at printing cost You sound more experienced in these matters than me, but this seems very unlikely. I presume the book will be excellent, but Myrvhold has never been shy about making money. Do you have more evidence back this up? I haven't seen this book, but in general I've always been astonished by how _low_ printing costs are even for full color hardbacks. A cost this high for printing alone would seem extraordinary for anything but print-on-demand. Thomas, can you expand on the "don't torrent books" statement? 1) Above, someone who's interviewed Myrhvold says the book is probably being sold for printing costs. 2) It's often suggested that Myrvhold wrote this book to advance the field rather than to make money. 3) A legal alternative would be to check the book out from a library. Is this really a greater societal benefit? I'm not suggesting the torrent is legal or a panacea, but are there not times when it's appropriate? A cookbook is a harder case than TAOCP, but their information content makes them easier to argue than music or movies. Should one just do without the information one can't afford? For bright but poor students to remain ignorant? Do you feel that there's always a better alternative, or that the collateral damage is too great? > If Myrhvold wanted to give the book away for free, he'd have put it on the web. I agree. Not that he should be ashamed of this, but from this I'd conclude that his primary goal is not the advancement of knowledge as some have stated. Possibly he thinks maintaining a for-profit system of IP is more important, or possibly, because of his public stature, he doesn't feel it's possible for him to make it freely available despite his desire for the information to spread. > Don't kid yourself; you're not torrenting books to get access to the knowledge inside of them. This is technically true, but only because I've yet to read torrents any books that I don't already own. I was recently excited, however, to find a torrent of one of the most expensive books I own, Angelo Corvitto's "Secretos del Helado",(in Spanish and 150 Euro, but the best book I've seen on making ice cream), as it enabled me to refer a high school student in Montreal to a passage that I thought would help him in his endeavors. He, I warrant, was "torrenting books to gain access to the knowledge inside of them", and despite the ethical ambiguity, I'm glad that he is able to do so. > Going to the library to read the book is inconvenient (no library is going to let you check this book out; most libraries won't even have it for a couple years). Yes, this is true. I've checked out different volumes of TAOCP by interlibrary loan at least three times, and I've been grateful for the privilege. I've read the El Bulli series sitting in a library (City College San Francisco has an excellent cookbook library), and am aware of the difficulties. This book will not be available by that means. How does that affect the ethics of reading a hypothetical illegal copy of this book? > Don't expect universal sympathy for this endeavor on a site dedicated to people who earn their living creating and selling intellectual property. I don't. I think it's a complex and thorny issue, moreso than you make it out to be. I've yet to come up with a position that would make the interlibrary loan and the used book purchase fully ethical, despite their legality. Personally, I'm working on a book that will be roughly equivalent to an expanded version of the ice cream chapter of Myrhvold's. My personal leanings are to make draft PDF's available for free, and price the book high, in the way that some academic authors do. But there are definitely tradeoffs. > I'm actually surprised people here are as supportive of piracy as they are. Yes. At a certain point this might make one reconsider one's own position. :) I'd love your answer to the last question in the parent, though: is it that there is a better alternative, or that the collateral damage (reducing the market for future works) is too great? ps. I'm not asking for an excuse to torrent this book. Oddly, I'm one of the few people who will likely buy it. Good point. Beyond the usual 'people who like this also like', there are some interesting inversions: 1) People who hate this also hate 2) People who hate this also like 3) People who like this also hate Judicious use of these might help to provide the serendipity you mention in the linked post. But in practice, I think there are a number of reasons that you don't see 'dislike' buttons as frequently. 1) The common KNN item-item approach doesn't handle negative correlations. 2) Without explicit ratings, dislike is harder to infer than like. 3) Sites just don't like appearing to be negative. I may have been too aggressive trying to shorten that statement down to one line. What I meant was that item-item approaches, when used as recommenders, won't make recommendations of the 'users who hated X also liked Y' variety, and instead limit their recommendations to items that correlate positively with the user's favorites. The usual approach for item-item is to precalculate similarities for all items in the set, using Pearsons correlation or cosine. There's no problem with negative correlations being used to make predictions, the problem comes when you try figure out what to recommend. The recommendation step consists of looking at the items a user has already rated highly, and then looking up which items have a strong positive correlation to these, then determining which of these to put at the top of the list. Items with negative correlations will thus never be offered. There's nothing to prevent one from throwing in anti-correlations of hated movies, but I've never heard of it being done. There's also nothing wrong with making predictions for every movie in the set and then choosing the highest (taking full account of negative correlations) but this is generally thought to be too computationally expensive. Personally, I think there is a lot of room for algorithmic improvement on recommendations. Most of the existing systems are really prediction algorithms, which have been shoe-horned into making recommendations. I think this is primarily because accuracy of prediction is easier to measure (RMSE) than accuracy of recommendation, and the academic papers need something they can measure. I agree that inferring 'like' is also difficult, and definitely prefer explicit rating systems. But for a site like Amazon, it's often a reasonable presumption that a user who buys an item likes it. But inferring that they dislike all the items they don't purchase is much less reasonable. Same for viewing webpages, or listening to music, or renting movies. If you want to be sure of a 'dislike', it probably will require action from the user. You gain the privilege after you've accumulated enough 'up' votes for comments and submissions. The exact number changes over time due to inflation. This is a good article, with nice insight on what cache coherency implies for the future of concurrency, but the semantics seems misleading. The word 'thread' is so overloaded that I'm not sure it's helpful here. Yes, operating systems frequently allow processes to share the same data space, and we call these 'threads'. Yes, CPU's allow multiple code paths to be in progress on the same core, and we also call these 'threads'. And as the the author knows (based on the replies to comments), neither of these really constrains the form 'threads' take at the level the programmer thinks about. So I'm not sure what use there is in concluding that threads "not going anywhere". This is trivially true to the extent that 'threads' are synonymous with 'concurrency', but does it say more than "concurrency is here to stay"? I'm primarily a Linux user, and (perhaps) thus not too concerned with appearance. But I'm very concerned with functionality, and I think Apple consistently fails to apply obvious little touches. I use my girlfriend's Mac quite often, and almost always leave angry at the interface. Here's two: Why does Cmd-W close some dialog windows but not others? I frequently hit Cmd-O, realize I'm in the wrong application, then hit Cmd-W to make it go away. Occasionally this works. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1052118/how-to-make-a-key... Why do some clicks on background windows cause actions, and others are ignored? I don't want autoraise, I just want explicit clicks, say, on links or buttons in web pages, to be obeyed. http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/04/settling-osx-focus-f... Some of my hating goes towards applications (why does Acrobat insist on popping up windows off the screen? why does printing work from Preview but not from Illustrator?) but a lot of it goes toward the basic interface. In my opinion, it's very well polished, but not very consistent or well designed. I think this is a better article than most of the commenters here imply. I think Adams realizes that genetics plays a role, that there is such a thing as good and bad practice. But he's not claiming any universals: rather he's proposing a deft experiment to show how ability correlates to practice rather than to innate talent with regard to one particular arbitrary skill. I don't know exactly how his experiment would turn out. And it would be hard to decorrelate practice time from innate ability --- I certainly find it difficult to keep dedicating time toward activities in which I see no progress being made. But it's a good experiment, and a style of reality-based learning we should encourage. My intuition is that he's right, and that the winners would be dominated by those who spent the most time practicing. But I'd love to have real numbers against which to test that intuition. I tend to agree with 'points', so I'll offer my explanation: Doing expensive one-day workshops might be a great way to make money, but it might be damaging to your brand. To me, it shows that the you are doing everything you can to wring maximum profit out of your existing infrastructure rather than concentrating on improving your core product. It has the same feel as a hot experimental band deciding to license their songs for fast-food commercials --- perhaps a good choice financially, but potentially bad for your image. It has a smell of desperation and greed. As to the 'scammy' part, I'm guessing[1] that not many people are paying for these sessions of out pocket. Rather, they convince their employer to pay, and that it's worth it. This presents a conflict of interest if the turns out to be not worth the money. When your boss asks you if the company's $1000 was well spent, and it was your idea to go, one might feel compelled to say 'yes' and even to go again the following year regardless of any price increases. This said, we'll probably be considering such strategies in the future. I have a food business, and while there is no way we could charge $1000/seat, there probably are some things we could do to boost the bottom line. [1] Jason responds below to point out that most of they are paying directly. I'm surprised, but presume he's right! I appreciate the response. Yes, I tend to press "Cmd-W" about three times before I realize that I'm dealing with a dialog and not a window. Then I'll either reach for the mouse or press Escape. Similarly, if I know that a window is in the background, I might manage to remember to Command-click (only needed on the links, not the icons in the title bar?). Occasionally when the stars align I can even copy text from a window without bringing it (and all other windows belonging to that application?) forward. But my real question is why I should have to distinguish a small 'window' from a large 'dialog'? Shouldn't Cmd-W work in both? And why should I have to distinguish between a foreground and a background app? Especially in the multi-monitor situation she has set up, it seems like it would be more 'polished' to have all the apps act the same. This is ignoring the non-standard applications, and the absurdity that clicking on one window often brings many of them to the foreground. My point is not that there aren't workarounds that one can warp one's behaviour to, but that I don't think the mental model itself is that coherent. Yes. Despite having a truly fantastic product, we're struggling to stay in business. It wouldn't be that much of a stretch to say that there have been times that I would consider robbing convenience stores to make payroll. I love making a great product, but hate the constant pressure to compromise my ideals to stay afloat. Every day I keep this business going, I fear that I'm turning into someone that I don't want to be, that I can't respect. But maybe my ideals are wrong, maybe workshops are win-win, maybe we need to consider them even if I don't personally care for them. They're certainly better than some other options! I also don't really hold it against bands when they 'sell out' --- they know their situation better than I do. :) It's not the asking for money, but rather the amount of money that is asked. I applaud your free workshops, and I'm even comfortable with moderate prices. But I genuinely can't conceive that someone would get $1000 worth of value from a day's training of anything. I want the cost to be commensurate with the value created. One could certainly argue that the 'market' has shown it feels otherwise, but the market also has proven susceptible to Scientology and multi-level-marketing. I guess I fear that at the price being charged the audience must have expectations that can't possibly be met. Perhaps my problems are simply my false impressions of 'value', which may be out of sync with reality. But based on the rates of good college courses, for a workshop such as yours, I could probably rationalize $100-$300 per person. Is there price at which you'd start to feel uneasy, even if some portion of the market was still willing to pay? $1000? $10000? $100000? Or relatedly, why didn't you charge? ps. I don't mean to imply that Jason is not giving a top quality workshop. I have a similar feelings toward the Ted Conference charging $6000 a ticket and toward top colleges charging $50000 a year. It's not the quality I'm questioning, but the 'value'. I feel much better about workshops that are given for free, although you are right about the delicate balance between reputation and self-promotion. I could feel just as good about offering the workshop as a bonus for existing customers, or for workshops where the price charged is commensurate with the cost to run. It's possible that I'm just not a very good free-market capitalist. For example, while I want prices to reflect demand, I get uncomfortable at what I feel are extremes. What's a fair price for a drug being sold to someone with an otherwise terminal disease? Does this change with the actual effectiveness of the drug, or just on the 'buyers' belief in the effectiveness? This is a really good article that is grievously mistitled in the submission. Yes, there probably are police that 'trick' people, but this isn't the point of the article.The original is "Reasonable Doubt: Innocence Project Co-Founder Peter Neufeld on Being Wrong", which captures much more of the nuance. Ignore the HN title, and read the article. "One of the things we used to do at the Innocence Project is we would try, just informally, to predict which cases would end up being exonerations and which ones would end up confirming guilt when the DNA came back from the lab. And I was wrong more than I was right. What that tells me is that I was raised in the system before DNA evidence, where I relied on all these other types of investigative tools to determine guilt or innocence. That's one of the important things about DNA for me: It taught me how unreliable my own intuition is. Now when people say, 'What do you think is going to happen?' I say, 'Whatever happens happens, I have no idea and I don't want to speculate.'" If you are streaming a large file over TCP, ZeroMQ, with its emphasis on small messages sent and received apparently atomically, would be a stunningly poor choice. It's also wholly unsuitable as a floor wax or a dessert topping. :) Does your criticism also apply to its intended use case? At a glance, it doesn't strike me as an unreasonable design choice, but I haven't thought about it deeply. This ad really strikes me as a stretch. I'm all for people trying to organize data protection laws, but I'm also OK with Google trading free services in the present for information they hope will be valuable in the future. But I'm frequently surprised by the diversity of opinion on this site. Are there people here who feel the ad speaks to them? Who are moved to act from having watched it? What do you like about it? I'd love to hear the other side on this. I voted it down because I didn't think the tone was constructive. It seemed to be accusing Thiel of not considering the big picture, when in fact Thiel is considering something much, much larger. You're asking about differential pricing of prescription drugs, while he's wondering about the impact of a spot market on human organs. What did you think of that part? Thiel isn't arguing that globalization is a done deal. If anything, he agrees that what we have is astonishingly incomplete: "we stand at a level of globalization that compares with the previous peak year of 1913". Rather, he's asking whether the economic world as we know it could withstand true globalization. But to answer your question: yes, I think it's only to be expected that corporations will seek to maximize their profits through price discrimination. And also to be expected that true globalization will make this more difficult to do. But while it's clear that those paying the higher price would benefit in the short-term from paying a lower price, it's not clear to me who would benefit in the long-term from forcing companies to choose a single set price somewhere in the middle. It probably depends on how this would be enforced. No personal problems with them, but I found it unsettling that despite repeated attempts to report a what I considered a rather severe vulnerability in one of their services a few years ago, I could get no response from them. It was more of a privacy problem than a direct monetary one (able to view the registered address for any user given their email) but this made it clear to me that they had some serious problems with security. I continue to use them to make payments as a user, but prefer not to trust them with access to my full bank account. As a business, I'd avoid them if there was a reasonable alternative. Are you intending to have many of these transfers happening in parallel, or are you sending a single file and hoping to saturate your link? Do you have full control of both ends, or only the server? Are you streaming or is the whole file always transferred? Do you need encryption? For simultaneous large files with no special needs, my instinct would be to just choose any lightweight HTTP server that supports sendfile(). Basically, pass it off to the kernel, and let it handle it. But maybe there are more subtle keys to good large file performance: http://www.psc.edu/networking/projects/tcptune/ For cases where you are controlling both ends, you might find useful suggestions here: http://serverfault.com/questions/111813/what-is-the-best-way... In particular, Tsunami and uftp look interesting. This is a good layman's introduction to modern search techniques, but to someone not in the SEO field it feels like a very strange inversion of priorities. To me, like most people, the surprise is how effective techniques like LDA[1] can be in characterizing a document, but the 'surprise' in the article is that LDA correlates to Google search order better than a more simplistic model. To a technologically savvy but naive outsider, this might seem obvious: shouldn't pages that rank highly in Google have strong topic-based correlation to pages that the user wants to see? But from the SEO perspective, I guess the conclusion would be that your page is more likely to be ranked highly if it includes all the trappings of other high ranked pages, with, you know, like synonyms and stuff. At a certain point, one has to start thinking, wouldn't it be simpler to make a page that people actually want to find? Are there good examples of actually useful pages that Google doesn't do a good job of ranking? I occasionally find myself lately getting frustrated with Google about ignoring my rarer search terms, but generally I find the good pages are at the top if they exist at all. [1] LDA is Latent Dirichlet Allocation, which is very similar to Latent Semantic Analysis, which in turn is very similar to Principle Component Analysis and Singular Value Decomposition. So it's possible you've already heard of the concept, but coming from another angle in another field. I agree. There are definitely cases where spam has displaced good results. Although poorly phrased, I guess I was asking a different question: apart from intentional attempts to game the system, are there cases where pages one wants to see are consistently ranked after pages one does not? Which is to say, are there improvements that could be made to Google's ranking algorithms beyond making it more spam resistant? Some people seem to agree with you, but I much prefer it the way it is: if I want a new window, I shift-click; if I want a new tab, I cntl-click; if I want to keep it in the same window, I just click. This seems like the sanest choice to me, since everyone can have it work how they want, even if their preferences change from time to time. Or is it possible for everyone to get their desired behaviour even with "target = new"? http://diveintoaccessibility.org/day_16_not_opening_new_wind... My girlfriend does freelance 3D maps, illustrations, and graphics for a number of technical journals and magazines. She targets the glossy higher end, but sometimes does research papers. http://cooperhawk.com/ I obviously have a vested interested, but at the least she'd be able to answer your questions on pricing and process. Her contact information is at the bottom of the linked page. She generally tries to price in line with the suggestions from the Graphics Artists Guild: http://www.graphicartistsguild.org/handbook/ You can buy the book on Amazon, or glance at an out of date summary of some of the numbers here: http://news.deviantart.com/article/120160/ But as a very rough ballpark, ignoring size of printing, resolution of detail, research required, assignment of rights, and whether the illustrations selected for the website are representative, my over-the-shoulder impression is that a 3D map of the quality you see in a good travel magazine tends to cost about $1000-$2500. It's an interesting topic, but I found it a confusing article. I read quickly, but really didn't get a sense of how many of the deaths were due to what, what this implied, and what could be done about it. And I'm sure the required password certainly didn't help people read it. Post again when you find a clearer article that's out in the open! In the past, I've found the code for SQLite to be brilliantly clear: http://sqlite.org Going further, I'd suggest that most large successful projects in C have clear code that is worthy of study. It's some corollary of the anthropic principle --- if the code wasn't clear, it would never have survived to become successful. This may only apply to the core of these projects (written by experts) than to the periphery (written by learners). But you might be surprised by how readable the central code is for Apache, Linux, Glibc, Mysql, Perl, Python, etc. Well, I appreciate that it's still possible to turn it off, which I did immediately. I think it probably serves a purpose on mobile devices where text entry is difficult and slow, but I don't see the point otherwise. My main gripe with it is that it limits the number of results returned to 10, which I find to be unusable. I have it set to 100 (the current max) and wish it could be much higher so I didn't have to keep hitting 'Next'. I can see why Google would want to return only 10 results (more ad impressions, less work for their servers) but anyone here actually prefer getting so few results? I've almost never seen anyone else's browser set up to return anything but the default, and have never known whether this is ignorance, acceptance, or conscious choice. Just wondering: does the concept of fraternities make any sense to non-US readers? Are there parallels elsewhere? I went to a school in the US, but one that had abolished them years before I got there. I never felt that I was missing something. But it's interesting to read all the positive responses here. True or not, one often hears that that US higher education is the best in the world. To my knowledge, only the US has fraternities and sororities: " rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fraternities_and_sororities>... . And yet I've never heard anyone claim that this is our secret advantage. Perhaps? Great article, thanks! I agree about the libraries. While the internet probably levels the field, I've visited libraries in many countries and feel confident saying that public libraries are one of things that America does right. Attempting to measure the performance of a political party statistically and without being influenced by the personalities involved is interesting and new. The particular approach described is horrendously flawed, but it seems possible that there is good discussion to be had in proposing a better methodology. Flag it if you think it's off-topic, and then something mysterious and not well documented might or might not happen. Personally, I decided it merited neither an upvote nor a flag. Based on the recommendations here, I just got this book by interlibrary loan. I haven't read much of it yet, but I'm glad I didn't buy it sight unseen. It's an understatement to say does not meet the expectations I had for it. Perhaps one could develop a good course around it, and I'm sure there are good things an experienced coder could gleam from it, but as a standalone text for a beginner I think it would do more damage than good. I thought at first that the code samples he was giving were examples of "what not to do", and then was astonished to find him defending them in the text. From page 36, after some horrendous code for Atom_int() page 35: "When the conversion is done, s points to the desired string, and this string has &str[43] - s characters. str has 43 characters, which is enough to hold the decimal representation of any integer on any conceivable machine. Suppose, for instance, that longs are 128 bits. The string representation of any 128-bit signed integer in octal - base 8 - fits in 128/3 + 1 = 43 characters. The decimal representation can take no more digits than the octal representation, so 43 characters are enough. The 43 in the definition of str is an example of a 'magic number,' and it's usually better style to define a symbolic name for such values to ensure that the same value is used everywhere. Here, however, the value appears only once, and sizeof is used whenever the value is used. Defining a symbolic name might make the code easier to read, but it will also make the code longer and clutter the name space. In this book, a symbolic name is defined only when the value appears more than once, or when it is part of an interface." I'm glad to see his priorities presented in such a clear manner. If you feel that your current code is too readable at the expense of "name space clutter", this might be a good book for you. But otherwise, just say no! ps. In case this example didn't convince you, the following chapter on using setjmp() and longjmp() to roll your own macros for exception handling might be worth glancing at in the online version before you confirm your purchase. If I may ask, why is sorghum your standard example? Just because the word "sorghum" sounds so sweet (and I agree), or did you have a transformative sorghum experience as a child? Based on how much some of my comments bounce up and down, I don't think that the downvotes are done by only a few. But I think this is a good thing, and if anything we need more people eager to downvote poor quality submissions. I think the reason that HN has remained as usable as it has because it is actively policed for content quality. I don't see a way to check, but I'd guess that my upvote to downvote ratio is about 3:1. I try to vote up anything that would want to see more of on the site, whether I agree or disagree with the content. I try to mercilessly vote down snappy one liners, purposeless profanity, and dumb jokes. If anything, I'd say I vote primarily on form --- I'll support just about any content if it's well written and well intentioned. Watch the movie first. The description doesn't really do it justice. Separately, though, if you ignore some of the connotations, it does seem fair to call autism a "mental challenge". That's funny. I suddenly had greater admiration for Steve Jobs, which is pretty rare for me, as I generally dislike Apple's products and branding. I appreciate that he stuck to his guns while still responding civilly. Your English is great. I'm a native speaker, and reading your post, I thought you were too. A slightly sloppy one with a couple odd turns of phrase, but perfectly clear and comprehensible. I understood the quoted parts just fine. That said, please don't make excuses about how little time you spent on it. It might be true, but it shows lack of respect for your audience. Like code, if it's worth writing at all, it's probably worth writing well. Keep writing, keep coding! Disappointing at a first glance. First, it was difficult to install. I had to uninstall the Gmail 2.2.1 I had installed, and then reboot before the install from Market would take. Then, the main thing I hoped for to be fixed was not: still no way to change the sender to one of the addresses you have confirmed for new messages. Worse, it seems to have reverted so that even replies to other addresses are changed to the main account. I have to think this is a problem for many users. Is this somehow difficult in a way that is not apparent? Some of the discussion is reasonable, but I really dislike the reliance on "Figure 4: Expected Lifetime Earnings by Educational Attainment". Certainly there is a correlation here, but is there causation? "But as you can see from the chart above, $1 million is close to the lifetime value of a college degree (it's actually about $1.4 million), and colleges are getting better at extracting quite a lot of that value for themselves." To prove the point, you could make a parallel chart of "Lifetime Earnings by Car Driven", and I'm sure that the BMW owners would on average earn more over their lifetime than the Honda Civic drivers (like me). But this wouldn't imply this is a good pricing model for cars. Obviously, the actual chart used is better than this hypothetical. But shouldn't one at least try to distinguish the value of the degree from the skills that the person already had going in? I disagree. While it might have been just as good an article if it adopted a polite veneer of fiction, I thought it brought up a lot of very good points that I'd love to see further discussed. If repercussions are required, I'll leave it to 'patio11' to request them. It's a self-referential article by someone encouraging a style of self-promotion that I find repulsive. I don't like most of the recommendations, and I'm sure Patrick won't either. But I definitely self-identify with some of the criticisms, and feel like I benefited from reading a perspective I disagree with. With luck, Patrick will too. Like almost everything Steve writes, the story is great, but I would have preferred a different take-home message. As it stands, it seems to be: "You have no choice but to give up on your values and lower your standards to those of your competitors. Perhaps even lower if you want really want to win." I guess I would have preferred something like: "You have to ask yourself if it's worth giving up your standards to compete for these contracts. This might be the right plan, but maybe you're better off lowering your projections and sticking to your core values --- it's worked for you so far!" Am I just being naive? As a tiny incremental change, it might help if the resubmission of a link by another user would bump the link back up to the top of the new page in addition to adding a vote. If multiple people find it worthy to submit, it's probably worth giving it more screentime. Sadly, it's because I presumed the email field was public. I didn't realize that I had to explicitly add it to the About section to make it visible. Can you suggest any paths leading to a solution? If you make it more difficult to troll, you will probably encourage intentional infringement. Maybe a large expansion of compulsory licensing combined with some sort of universal liquidated damages paid into a common fund? I don't see any easy fixes. Is copyright (and patent) trolling a greater or lesser problem in non-US countries? Is there something different in their systems that makes it this way, or are we just leading the curve by happenstance? Correspondingly, is infringement greater under other systems? Sent mine: I would encourage you to reduce or eliminate the use of "Software Patents". I am a talented computer programmer, of the sort whom one might expect would be the beneficiary of such patents. Instead, they are a disincentive for me to do any work in the field. I do not believe it is possible to release any significant piece of software in this country without exposing myself to undue legal liability through patent infringement. This is not because my ideas are not original, but because too many unduly broad patents patents have already been issued. If properly challenged, many of these patents would fall due to obviousness or evidence of prior art. But lacking the resources to mount such a defense, I simply avoid making creations that would otherwise be of benefit to society. I do not believe this is the intended effect of patents. I and the country would benefit from a better law. Yes, it would create a temporary advantage for companies already holding patents, but they already have an advantage. And in a relatively short period of time (less than 20 years) most of the patents will have expired and that advantage will go away. But personally, I don't think it's going to scare away many innovators. As it is, many American software patents do not hold in Europe. Despite this, American companies rarely seem concerned that their 'patent disclosures' will be used against them by their European competitors. I wager this is because they are not truly innovations of the sort that require protection in order to encourage their creation. I want to believe, but I'm dubious. I'm almost certain when he says he can "make a web server", he means that he can sit down with a text editor, a compiler, and a standard C library, and produce a program that will serve HTTP requests. There's some gray area beyond this, but he definitely does not mean that he can download, configure, and run a premade piece of software. Is this what you mean too? Is there really a population of self-described "product people" who have this knowledge? Or did you interpret his statement differently? I certainly agree that such people exist, but I would be surprised that their luxurious gray beards don't blow their cover. Which is to say, do they really work as product managers? True, encryption probably wouldn't help, but you could probably come up with a scheme to watermark the messages. You could make it look like the same thing was sent a large CC list, but be able to determine the source of the leak by a changed word or two. Makes you wonder if some of these smart people are already doing it. "Meta-contrarianism" is a good phrase to capture this phenomenon. In computers, I associate it with the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ABA_problem and in life, with the joke about http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turtles_all_the_way_down The part that misses for me is his (my pronoun choice is conscious signalling [double 'l' is too, I suppose {as are the parentheticals}]) emphasis on triads. For me, the key concept is that one never knows which level one is at. There is no absolute "level 1", just the "level n" that you occupy, and "level not n", which is never clearly n - 1 or n + 1. One frequently assumes that those who disagree with you are missing something, but every now and then you have to wonder if they actually one ahead. And it happens often enough that people I think I agree with are actually viewing the situation in a completely foreign way. Are there philosophical movements that deal with these situations? What names would I search for? What should I read? Different levels of behaviour are associated with different levels of consciousness. For your example of conspicuous consumption, all the crosses seem possible. In my social circles, I'd guess that in general the most common are to "buy unconsciously" and to "avoid consciously". It would probably depend on your specific example. I wouldn't think of it as a trap, though. It's more of a situational awareness. People will react differently based on the signals you send. Is the trap to signal consciously or unconsciously? Because consciously not signalling might turn out to be the trap to avoid. But then again, so might any of the three other combinations In practice, it's probably even pretty close to 100%, given the login requirement. :) In answer to my own unasked question, yes, there may be logins available on bugmenot ( http://www.bugmenot.com/view/facebook.bug ) although when you search for 'facebook' it says it says that it has been 'barred'. Yes, although I'd argue that it's not meta-hipster but meta-geek. If you wouldn't use 'grok', you probably wouldn't use 'eir'. In the same vein, putting your punctuation outside your quote can either be a simple mistake or meta-grammarian protest. Even the choice of single versus double quotes is signalling, consciously or not. The problem is not correctness, but whether the signal is properly received by your audience. You chose 'his or her', but was this a conscious choice? And at what level? Was it because you fear being judged poorly for the grammatically correct but non-politically correct 'his'? Because you find 'eir' pretentious? Because you find substituting 'her' to be an affectation? To me, 'His or her' is a signals that you are aware that language can be sexist, and want to show that you are not. I think it correlates with college-educated American liberal born after 1960, or one who has learned his English from such. I fit these characteristics, but usually consciously choose 'his', hopefully signalling that I detest linguistic contortions for the sake of signalling political correctness, but more likely just being judged an unrepentant sexist. If I don't want to take this risk, I switch to an across-the-board 'her', as I feel this is more effective at actually combatting sexism. Have you read Hofstadter's essay on "Purity in Language"? http://www.cs.virginia.edu/~evans/cs655/readings/purity.html I would take it at face value. First, the author is taking for granted that his readers are intelligent enough to realize that self-reported IQ scores are inaccurate, that IQ as measured is not equivalent to any real world intelligence, and that the accuracy of IQ tests is limited once one gets out to the extremes. He links directly to the survey --- what more can he do? Second, I'd guess that the numbers are about right. In the same way that one would be safe assuming that the posters to StackOverflow are probably mostly in the top 1% of programming ability out the entire population of the world, I think it's likely a site dedicated to debating 'meta-contrarianism' might select quite precisely for people who can score well on standardized tests. I'm not a regular reader, but I know enough about the site to suggest a solution: come up with a means of testing your hypothesis, and put up some money to back it. The more direct the better: bet them $1000 that none of the regular posters can show a bona-fide IQ test result higher than 160 (or whatever cutoff you think fairly accounts for the limited accuracy of the test at the extreme). And then report back to us if it was money well spent! That's a good plan too. They'd probably go for it. In the commentary on the survey, Eliezer (founder of the site, also present here) doubts the estimate too. It's worth noting that one of the central tenets of LessWrong is that it can be just as bad to underestimate one's knowledge as to overestimate it. As a result, some things which look like boasting are really just attempts at accuracy, carried through to a level not normally seen in polite discourse. Other things, of course, are just boasting. Coincidentally, I just happened to see a link on Reddit leading to a post by the same Ersek: http://groups.google.com/group/comp.lang.c/msg/22e3473f80eec... Like his message to Zed, it's clear, concise, and seemingly accurate. It also includes a wonderful and well commented example program in expert idiomatic C showing signal handling. I hadn't even known comp.lang.c was a going concern! It's exactly the sort of quality code I'd expect from someone who writes such good prose. While I'm sure there are some examples of good prose writers who can't code, are there any definitive examples of good C programmers who can't write? Or is this just a "true Scotsman" problem? I'm only semi-familiar with the issues, but on the surface swapping across nodes rather than to disk seems like it has to be a win. I think the problem might be that on a long running system there is rarely any truly "free" memory. Rather, one chooses to dump cached pages. It's possible that the cost of copying across nodes plus the eventual reread of the cache makes it a negative? Although I'd have to think that it's better than a certain write. I can see the logic where allocating on a non-local node is potentially a mistake. Depending on how many times the memory will be accessed, it may well be worth the immediate hit to swap a page to disk and keep all your accesses local. For the swap, you at least have evidence that it hasn't been used that recently, thus may never be used again. It would be sad to work yourself into a corner where lots of long lived processes are constantly cross-allocating. Edit to add: Looks like a good reference paper here: http//www.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/people/christoph/.../numamemory.pdf Only skimmed, but it makes it sound like 'page migration' is already in place. I'm particularly interested in the idea of migration partly because it might help provide an answer to my recent StackOverflow question: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3784434/inserting-pages-i... That was odd. I must have submitted at the same time that the edit window ended, and it took me to a broken page. Anyway, the proper link is: http://www.kernel.org/pub/linux/kernel/people/christoph/pmig... OK, someone just give me the answer: is this designed as an example of what one should do, or is it a parable of what not to do? I started reading it earlier today, and gave up once I hit the sexist tone. Then seeing the comments here, I realized that it was just parodying Heinlein. Cuz it's not really sexist if you're quoting, right? Anyway, given all the upvotes I thought there must be something to the article. In the same way, at the start I thought that ridiculously verbose ad-hoc testing functions were also a parody. Surely his point was going to be that your time is better spent writing a testing framework that reads from a text file rather than writing a 95% duplicate function for each test? But then I got to the end, and I lost my faith. Is he mocking Heinlein or just channeling some unrepentant 60's SciFi sexism? And is he really suggesting that this is really a good way to write software? I just happened to be researching this. While I haven't done it myself, the consensus seems to be that the prepaid AT&T "Go Phone" is the best solution for low cost data in the US without a contract. The data itself is very expensive by global standards ($20/100MB) but the entry cost is very low presuming you already have a compatible GSM device. But if you're mostly playing around in Silicon Valley, you can probably arrange to have most of your data delivered by unmetered WiFi. This link has good information: http://forum.brighthand.com/smartphones/268235-payg-dataplan... This is iPhone specific, but might help too: http://theappleblog.com/2010/07/26/how-to-give-your-old-ipho... Fair and balanced is an awkward way to approach a scientific question. If you want unbiased, probably the best you can do is to read some of the original papers and then rebuttals. This definitely is not easy lifting. The "Hockey Stick" paper: http://www.meteo.psu.edu/~mann/shared/articles/mbh98.pdf The "Original Rebuttal": http://www.uoguelph.ca/~rmckitri/research/MM03.pdf Then having read those, and having formed in your mind the relative strengths and weaknesses of their arguments, start to do research on these. Then read the IPCC report, and then search through the "ClimateGate" emails for background. Alternatively, delegate this to a trusted party. Find someone who has done these things and otherwise seems qualified and trustable, and simply accept their opinion on the matter. But it's hard to figure out who to trust unless you've read some of the primary sources yourself. Personally, I'd choose an old physicist or experienced statistician over a climate scientist or computer modeler. If nothing else, they have less to gain professionally from offering a specific answer. But you'll have to make up your own mind. Daniel --- Your statements create the implication that the Hal Lewis, the author of this piece, is being paid by someone to intentionally spread misinformation. Is this a misreading? For while he may be scientifically wrong, I wouldn't make this accusation lightly. According to the article the last straw for him, was that he obtained 200 signatures from members of the APS (all scientists) asking for the creation of a group to look at Climate Science. These 200 presumably thought there was room or need for debate. Given your "few"/"many" construction, I have to wonder: how many of these were being paid off and by whom? No, he's a scientist. Is there a significant difference? True of course, but I meant "does the fact that he is a physicist and not a climatologist affect the implication that he is being funded to spread disinformation?". The original article does not proclaim any particular theory on Global Warming. Rather, it criticizes the process by which science is being politicized. This strikes me as a matter for which any scientist should be allowed to speak. I take offense at the notion that anyone who would want to question the process can be presumed to be acting out of pecuniary interest rather than a desire to find truth. So I ask again: Daniel, are you claiming that Hal Lewis and at least some of the 200 people who signed his petition are being paid to do so? I agree with most of the points in the article, but I'd point most of the blame on the rise of the Mobile Apps. Those who would have been the next generation of open source programmers are instead releasing closed source apps. Some of the reasons are the same as Zed points out (lower bar for 'making a company out of it') but some of the direction comes from the corporations backing the App Stores and selling the mobile devices. For many common tasks, there are a plethora of Apps out there the do pretty much the same simple thing, in a mostly functional but considerably klunky manner. In the open source world, one of these would take the lead, incorporate the best features of the competitors, and then developers would pitch their efforts behind the winner increasing the lead even farther. Instead, every week there's a new closed-source work-alike. It feels like a regression back to the pre-open-source days of shareware. Instead of a pooling of efforts, everyone is duplicating the work that's already been done. Instead of building a solid foundation, there's a glorification of throwing something together in an afternoon from "premade parts" and "stock libraries" --- perhaps they grow on trees --- and putting it out there for sale. Android is considered the more open environment, but on my Linux based Android phone, I don't know if there are any open-source Apps that I use --- maybe the Camera is stock? In contrast, on my desktop (also Linux) I can't offhand think of any programs I use regularly that aren't open source (I guess Flash, if you count it as a program). I don't think this is by accident. Why for example does Google have such a lousy closed-source email App? I feel certain a forked open-sourced version would be vastly improved within weeks, and anyone who didn't think so would still be free to use the original. Believe it or not, it's actually reasonably common practice to disassemble an App like this to byte code, and then try to patch this and reassemble it into a working App. ( http://code.google.com/p/smali ) At one point I thought it was the phone companies that were setting this course, but now I'm not so sure. Microsoft tried to kill off open source through FUD and marketing, but surprisingly they didn't have the clout. But now Apple and Google might just kill it off by creating a thriving business for 99 cent Apps --- because who's going to release the source for a whole afternoon's work when someone might just steal it and put a closed-source version up on the App store and maybe become a millionaire? I think it might be a question of which double-speak speaks to you. The listing of languages is concrete in a sense, and says lots about the sort of culture they aspire to, but tells me nothing about the job. The other ads also say a lot about the culture you'd be working within. Personally, I would care tremendously about what I am doing, and not just which tools I'd be allowed to use. The fact that you respond positively to it means that it's serving its purpose as an advertisement, but I'm not sure that means it's any more or less clear as to the job description. So while I'd probably prefer being part of this mystery company to being a "Front-End Architect" in a cubicle, I still have no idea what the job would be and the ad doesn't offer enough specifics to make me excited in the abstract. I liked this this reply farther in to the thread: "inlines, when used properly, are _not_ larger than not inlining" http://lkml.indiana.edu/hypermail/linux/kernel/0206.1/0843.h... My usual rule is to not inline anything that calls a full fledged function, and to only explicitly inline things that are truly on high performance paths. Basically, trust that the compiler will inline or not inline the rest as appropriate. But this is another interesting metric to consider. No, I'm referring to the Google Gmail app. Although Google owns Android, there is a large distinction between the open-source Android base and the closed-source Google apps. K9 sounds like a fine improvement over the stock email app, and an example of what would happen if Google would release the Gmail app as open-source. Yet they choose not to --- why? I got out of computer programming a few years ago hoping to do something more tangible. From my interest in food, I ended up starting a sorbet business: http://screamsorbet.com . After two years, we're up to about a dozen employees, running about break even, and we're starting to get some good press: http://tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/10/08/we-made-it-our... . Our strength is definitely product quality, stemming from our attention to detail, knowledge of theory, and direct ingredient sourcing. Our weaknesses are primarily lack of sufficient initial funding, launching a gourmet product into a weak economy, and our general lack of business savvy. Did I mention that the product is good? While there are definitely overlaps between the thought process of programming and that of business development, every time I have to deal with a regulatory agency I definitely long for the orderliness of a xterm. Many days I hope that "spend time working on your weaknesses" turns out to be a good long-term personal strategy. If you're in the Bay Area and like good food, do check us out. We're opening a store in Oakland in the next few weeks, and are at Farmers' Markets from Santa Cruz to Marin. Or if you're a frozen dessert fanatic somewhere else, we ship overnight on dry ice, although the shipping costs can be rather steep. Considering what else SF has to offer, that's a wonderful compliment. Thanks! I've heard the "fit and finish" argument frequently, both in print and in person as the owner of an HTC Incredible. I don't really see it myself, though. Sure there are a lot of junky looking 3rd party apps, but this is true of iPhone as well. Unlike early Windows vs Mac, I don't have this reaction to the base system. What are people reacting to when they say this? Or is it just a canned response? Thanks, that's a wonderfully detailed response. All your points are correct, but I don't know if that really captures people's reactions. I get this reaction almost immediately --- before they've tried the market, before they've played any music or taken any pictures. The hardware acceleration graphics might be key. I immediately turned off all the transitions and animations upon getting my phone, as I find them distracting. Perhaps this is what throws people: where I see crisp and fast, they expect smooth and silky. Personally, I greatly prefer dealing with the Incredible interface to dealing with the iPhone's. Every time I borrow a friend's to do some simple task, I end up handing it back to them much more angry than I began. I'm not sure what it is, but I feel like I'm swaddled in cotton gauze and unable to breath. I would think the dominant impression would be screen resolution rather than typography. Is this true for you of all Android devices, including the current phones? The iPhone 4 does have a great screen, but I find my HTC Incredible more readable than the earlier generation iPhones. Is it visibly different within apps or only when dealing with the system? For example, he concludes in the article that the Yelp app is pretty much identical on both systems. Do you disagree? I'm sensitive to kerning issues too, but I'm not sure the iPhone is in the lead here. I'm turned off by the aggressive self-promotion style, to the point where I'd suggest that you seriously consider whether you want to be associated with such a company. I also like succinct and colloquial: "Hi, I'm Tyler. I'm a co-founder of SpeakerText, and am in charge of the all the Tech. [Explanation of SpeakerText as appropriate]." Of course, this depends on your audience. But all the examples you give seem to concentrate too much on you, and not enough on the product or the customer. Absolutely. But I'd wait for them to say "So tell me about yourself" rather than trying to shoehorn it into a paragraph long introduction. The goal of the intro is to make them want to know more. If they ask why you went to Rochester, you can tell them that you chose it over Harvard. If they ask about your outside interests, you can tell them those instead. If they ask you how you got involved, etc. Obviously, some circumstances, such as introductions on a speakers' panel, demand a different approach. But if you are playing the role of Tech Lead, I think you are better off being confident with less than blustering. I like number 1: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1724516 I think that a resubmission should have more weight than an upvote. I'm a fan and contributor to Lucy, which is mentioned briefly in the header: http://incubator.apache.org/lucy/ While Lucy did start out as a C port of Lucene (hence the name), it's since broken any attempts at Lucene compatibility. Instead, it's aiming to be a fast and flexible standalone C core with bindings to higher level languages. Since it's growing out of Kinosearch, it's best developed bindings are in Perl, but support for all the usual suspects (Python, Ruby, etc.) is planned. Technically, the main difference from Lucene is that it gets cozier with the machine: the OS is our VM. It's mostly mmap() IO, and we're very conscious of paging and cache issues. While we're trying to maintain 32-bit back compatibility, we take full advantage of 64-bit solutions when they offer themselves. The scripted bindings are also very cool --- you can do things like make callbacks to scoring methods in your script language to truly customize your results. If for some reason you're not finding what you need in Lucene and Solr, check it out. We just became a full Apache incubator project, and are eager to get more developers involved. You'll find clean C code, decent documentation, and a low traffic but very responsive list. If you're using Perl, C or C++, you'll get a great product from the start. If you're using anything else, you'll have to help a lot on the bindings, but I think you'll be quite pleased with the end result. Let's ignore the site in question for a moment, and ask the more general question: is this approach legally defensible? While it seems reasonable to presume that non-password protected files can be freely accessed until one learns otherwise, it's doesn't seem reasonable to continue presuming this after reading an explicit prohibition. Is there a legal requirement that says one must attempt to physically restrict access if one wants to assert usage restrictions? I presume if I had an unattended roadside vegetable stand with a cash-box, that I'd be able to prosecute someone who took vegetables without paying, certainly if they also made off with the cash-box. Why is this different on the web? And if a written prohibition has no legal standing, why do so many companies pay lawyers to write click-through "terms of service" agreements? it is generally understood that something posted online where everyone can see it was posted with the intent of letting everyone see it Yes, but it seems fair to add "in the absence of evidence to the contrary". I think a clearly written prohibition would constitute such evidence. whereas accepting the click-though agreement at least indicates acknowledgment that those rules are there I think this is probably right, but I'd love a better legal opinion. This also leaves open the question of whether a simple Javascript popup would satisfy the same requirement: "Clicking OK signifies that you agree to read only one page without payment." My guess is that it wouldn't, but I'm not sure how a submit button gains a different legal status. I have to agree with this. Could someone explain why Google puts so little effort in to this? It would seem that if they open-sourced it it would be drastically improved within a week. The basic functionality is relatively smooth and convenient, but almost everything beyond this feels like it was written as a late-night student project and never looked at again: * No way to change to an alternate send address without extreme measures. * Quoting is extremely primitive: top posting only with automatic truncation. * Often starts by showing me a seeming random recent message rather than the inbox. * Delete-and-move-to-next often skips messages requiring multiple passes. * No discernible pattern whether return key goes back to inbox or previous message. * Autocomplete prefers strangers to the addresses of the people I mail daily. * Sent messages frequently don't show up immediately and appear to be incomplete. * Sometimes hangs on large attachments requiring force-stops and cache-clearing. Is there a good business reason that this would be such a low priority for Google? I can't think that it's just a simple oversight. Is it incompetence? A cunning scheme to force people to use the web site rather than the app? It's been proposed and is probably feasible: http://www.infrastructurist.com/2009/10/22/crazy-or-brillian... While there are many fine features of the Bay Area, as someone starting a business here who has spent most of my life living elsewhere, I don't see any greater freedom. If you are concerned with obeying the law as written rather than merely avoiding it as enforced, I think it has the least freedom and most regulation of anywhere I've lived in the US. That said, perhaps there are social values associated with lax enforcement? I think you're not understanding rainbow tables correctly: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_table You need to process all the passwords (once) but only 1/N of them (for some large N) are stored on the disk. My initial reaction was that 'millions' must be an exaggeration here. Surely, I thought, there were far fewer than a million cars sold that early. But I would have been wrong: "From 1908 to 1927 Ford produced more than 15 million Model T automobiles." http://www.modelt.ca/faq.html#2 Thanks for the good example! Imagine searching through all posts on HN for the phrase "proved my point" anywhere in the post. There is no way other than iterating through all of the millions of posts. This is not true. Rather, in addition to the document ID, the inverted index stores the position information for each term occurrence, and can very quickly find any phrase of your choosing. While it's possible that this isn't always the default behaviour, all modern general purpose search engines support this. "Completely false" might be an overstatement. Do you have any test results you could point to? Or at least an exact specification of what the test would consist of? Particularly, are you measuring the first run from a luke warm start, guaranteed to be in memory but not in cache? Or might you be reading a page or two from disk, or making multiple passes while it still might be in some level of cache? Because I think the details are going to make a difference as to whether the break even point is n=4 or n=400, or maybe even n=4000. Like the decade-old Erik, my intuition is still that a brute force would be hard to beat for less than 100 integer keys to pointers if one is doing multiple passes through the list. But I'd love to bring my intuition up to date. Do you have one of these new-fangled 'competently implemented hash maps' that you could yield up so I can do some cycle counting? And is it fair if we throw in a few insertions and deletions just to make it realistic? For record, I completely agree on irrelevance of the cycles to compute the hash once one might be hitting main memory. But I also think it's worth noting that the size of your L3 cache may be comparable to the all the RAM that Erik had in his machine. I also think you might be underestimating the power of a modern prefetch unit, whether hinted or automatic. But I'll bow to data. As you said very well: "do the experiments, state the results, and walk away." I was going to ask for a brief overview of the architectural differences between Fennec, Webkit and Opera, but then I found your informative article here: http://limpet.net/mbrubeck/2010/10/04/why-fennec-is-differen... That hit most of my questions. Thanks! Are there any other Android browsers that have cropped up since then that might be worth mentioning? I saw an announcement for Opera Mobile -- does that change the landscape? I'm currently using Dolphin HD, and am mostly satisfied with it. It's recent 4.0 upgrade helped a lot and took care of almost all my irritations with it. If only it were open source so the last remaining few could get fixed. But I'll check out Firefox Mobile soon and see how it compares. Different books work for different folks, and lots of people seem to love this one. I however love C and found this book to be an abomination. K&R is brilliant. Given an opportunity, I would eradicate this book from the face of the earth lamenting only the damage it has already done. Examples provided here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1705332 One can still have freedom of organization without having official recognition of those groups. The tragedy to me is the extent to which we have raised the concept of political party into law. Why are there slots on the ballot reserved for parties? Why are party affiliations even printed on the ballot? Any block of people should have full right to form a political party to espouse their shared views, but I don't see any reason we should do their advertising and organizing for them. I take it as an affront that when I register to vote that I'm asked to declare my allegiance to private social group, just as I would take offense at being asked by the government which of two official religions I belonged to. I'm a fan of interchange-plus pricing for credit card processing, and your suggested approach of just adding it as a fee makes fine sense to me: $100 plus credit card fees with no markup. It's honest and transparent. If for some reason that is too complicated for your market, $100 plus 5% reads as simple even if it ends up costing them a bit more. I've been disappointed with the tone of some of Zed's comments here on HN, but this one struck me as perfectly polite and reasonable. His brand quality just got a big boost for me. I appreciate principles. Not everyone has to like every brand, and appealing to the least common denominator isn't always the best strategy. Certainly it is intended to be sarcasm, but it's a meme that we should try to resist. Rather than regurgitating a reference to show cool insider status, we should look at the situation and reflect on how it is the same and how it is different. Flag it and move on. a sexual assault occurred she should go to the police about it and press charges I disagree. I think she's chosen a pragmatic middle ground here. There's behaviour which everyone (I think) agrees is inappropriate. She says it's happened before, and she wants to stop it from occurring again. She comes up with a legal way to respond, and isn't required to press any charges. It probably could be prosecuted as a crime, but she has judged (I'll trust correctly) that this does not merit legally wrecking his life and taking up months of her time as a witness. He was drunk and stupid, but she'll recover. She runs the risk of being socially shunned, but she's unlikely to have this happen to her again at a similar conference. Yes, one could argue that this would have been as effective by leaving the perpetrator anonymous, and I'd agree. But like the choice of whether to prosecute, I've got to trust her with this decision. So long as her statements are true, she (in my opinion) has the right to use them however she chooses. It's certainly fair to ask her if anonymous might have been better, though. For male versus female: no, this is still asymmetric, at least in modern American society. On the bright side, at least we've moved to having it be a matter of gender and role rather than solely sex. You might see such a blog post if the woman was in a position of power over the male: an employer, a law enforcer, a politician. Neil, I'll phrase this in neutral terms, but have you considered that you might be neurotypical, prone to groupthink in defending irrational actions and cursed by the gift of little knowledge? I'm joking, but I do have trouble equating "neutral terms" with "horse's ass". I'd hate to see what your non-neutral terms look like! Legion's post reads as very self-aware to me, and I think he (she?) sounds fairly aware of how society tends to react. His whole post is a response to this reaction. To me, he sounds to be looking for an audience that can rise above this. Thus you might be teaching your grandmother to suck eggs. Which might actually be a 'neutral term', since I've never understood it's origin. :) For what it's worth, she goes on in the comments to point out that some significant number of those 50 were not men. Seeing that she consciously chose the inclusive '50 people' rather than '50 men', I think you may be reading something into the essay that was not intended. Lepid0ptera --- A think you may be concentrating on a different subset of the commentary than I am. I see a lot of different viewpoints: 1) Wondering if we should trust only one side's account without knowing all the details. 2) Wondering if she's being irresponsible by _not_ escalating it to a police matter. 3) And yes, wondering if she's making too much of a deal about nothing. I'm most interested in the second. I feel like she's getting push back from people who feel that by trying to handle the matter herself, she's not properly adopting the socially acceptable role as a passive victim. I think you might miscounting some of these responses as being in the dismissive category when they are actually something else. Or maybe I'm miscounting the 3's as 2's. Or maybe I'm misconstruing her response as being extra-legal --- for all I know, she's decided to file charges AND name names. In any case, I find the HN discussion more useful than silence, and better than most of the internet discussions I see elsewhere. Certainly a greater variety of viewpoints would be help this process. You're bold and write well --- if you're not already here, come and join us rather than pointing out the lack of diversity from afar. I appreciate the focus on constructive --- that's why I'm here rather than on Reddit. Yes, there times when explaining things that seem like they should be obvious is exactly what is needed. Sometimes the obvious has already been taken into account, sometimes it hasn't. My comment was intended as constructive as well: from afar, I can't tell if you are a step ahead of Legion or if he is a step ahead of you. And I won't even hazard a guess as to which step I'm at. I was aiming for feedback that you would find useful, either by confirming your diagnosis or helping to refute it. I feel no contempt toward either one of you. I think the odd thing in this case is that the 'victim' is not properly playing her role. Rather than being damaged for life and seeking the help of the 'authorities', she seems to have assumed control of the situation herself. For me, this makes a response like Legion's socially acceptable, even if misguided. Cheers! My apologies then. I wasn't sure if your response was directed at the original or the edit, and apparently I was wrong. The original didn't strike me as focused on scorekeeping. I look at this study and think "If this effect was real, it would change the world as we know it. It would definitely win the Nobel prize, and once understood could almost certainly be harnessed to produce almost infinite riches." This doesn't in and of itself affect the probability that it's a true effect, but why would you publish this study based on such a limited single trial if you truly believed you had discovered such a world changing thing? Wouldn't you at least run a second trial to confirm? Wouldn't you drop everything you were doing to try to firm it up so solidly that no rational person could doubt that you had just changed history? This leaves me to conclude that even the original author does not believe it to be true. For if he believes he's made a discovery of this magnitude and is still standing up in front of Psych 101 courses giving the same lecture he's given for the last 20 years instead of pursuing this with every ounce of his being, he would be a fool. I do not believe he could be so large a fool, ergo, the effect is merely a statistical mirage. I was wondering if you'd consider adding an opt-in setting that would make users' votes visible to others, both for comments and for submissions. I'm interested in it for a few reasons: 1) I'd like to see what people I respect are voting for, in the hopes of finding things I otherwise would have missed. 2) I'd like to someday make a recommendations system that would work for HN, and starting now to create a corpus of permission-cleared votes would help if I ever get to it. 3) I think it might have a positive effect on social dynamics. While there is in theory greater potential for retaliatory downvotes, I hope that instead people would act more considerately if they felt that others could review their behaviour. I don't see any way to test this other than by trying it out. I think this option would best be a simple checkbox on each user's settings page: "Make my votes visible to others". The votes would then be visible from a link on that page for others to view. Ideally, it would also be possible to view these from an item-centric viewpoint, accessible from the 'link' page. If the idea were to catch on, I'd eventually like to see an 'Open' list, parallel to 'Classic', whereby one could view the entire site as it would appear if ordered only by users with their votes set to be visible. Thanks! [Originally here: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1878591 ] I've done things similar to this with mixed results. Instead of a thong, I stripped to T-shirt and boxer shorts (plus underwear) or to top and bottom long underwear (pajamas, essentially). Boston and Albany didn't blink an eye, whereas El Paso involved an unpleasant exchange with a police officer. This was a while ago, though, after the initial shoe bomber I incident. Responses may be different now. Try to decide in advance what your goals are: are you hoping to make a scene or not? Likely you should not do not do things like this if it is not acceptable to miss your plane. I'd recommend choosing a final outfit that you would feel comfortable defending to a judge as not indecent to wear in a public place. (I suppose I should mention: I personally have no problem with backscan X-ray so long as it is fast, safe, and effective. It's the security theater that I am willing to protest against, not the perceived invasion of privacy.) I don't know if it is safe. I'm pretty sure it is faster than the alternatives. I also don't know if it is effective in preventing terrorist attacks. Safety and effectiveness would be my primary concerns rather than the worries about 'naked' pictures. I don't think this would work well. The occasional false-positives would look like annoying glitches, every now and then making it look like your account had been hijacked by hiding the buttons as if you had already 'voted'. Although maybe I'm not getting the math right? Also, the existence of the 'saved stories' link from the user page would seem to indicate that for stories at least a full list is being stored. I was failing to find any of the documentaries by Alanis Obomsawin on Netflix, and was astonished to discover that the full films were available for viewing online by the National Film Board of Canada: http://www.nfb.ca/explore-by/director/Alanis-Obomsawin/ There look to be some incredible things on this site that haven't seen available anywhere else. Any recommendations for hidden gems in here? Are there parallel sites for other countries? The quality comparisons here are quite helpful, but the pricing isn't that useful. If you're willing to do a little digging, you can find 30-50% off coupons for the big guys like PSPrint and VistaPrint. Not sure if this is also true for the smaller places like Moo. Also, the prices dive sharply at larger quantities. We're currently using PSPrint for business cards, and would agree with this assessment: "flimsy, but otherwise nice". For our recent order with coupon, we were at final price of $130 for 10000. If you are in the Bay Area, you can pick up for free from their warehouse in Emeryville. Presuming this is a real question, it's a matter of economics. Magazines like Wired make most of their money from advertising. They've judged, likely correctly, that if they charge more for subscriptions, they will lose more profit than they gain. Magazines are closing down left and right. Wired is still in business because they have resorted to cheap tricks like "sex sells". While I applaud subscribers deciding they aren't going to put up with this any longer, I think you'd be mistaken if you think they could make more money by doing anything else. In theory you should be right, and yet in practice it seems to be a problem. Here's a recent exchange that offers some real life numbers: http://serverfault.com/questions/111813/what-is-the-best-way... I have to wonder how many people proclaiming that "Apple just gets it" have actually used the remote in question rather than looking at its (admittedly gorgeous) picture. We have one of the previous generation Apple TV's with a very similar remote. It currently sits unplugged next to the television on top of an upturned yogurt container. It's on the yogurt container because its lack of vents causes it to overheat if sitting on a smooth surface. It's unplugged because there's no clear power button on its very stylish remote. I happen to know that if you hold down one of the keys long enough it will turn (mostly) off, but I don't think this knowledge is shared by others in the house. It needs to be turned off because of the whine of the harddrive and the aforementioned overheating problem. Using the remote to enter search terms for Youtube is possible, but is a dreaded chore. Generally one says "Here, let me show you something" and then has to call the other party back from another room when done with the laborious process. This is not attempted as much as when the device was new. A keyboard as a remote may look silly, but would at least make simple things like this possible. Overall, it's very cute and warm little boat anchor. We'll probably eventually manage to get Boxee installed on it, but the lack of a reasonable means of entering text will really limit its utility. So while I agree that Apple "really gets it", at least in this case I'd apply this solely to their marketing rather than their usability. If I want a fuller interface, I can use Apple's remote application on my iPad or iPhone or iPod Touch. I don't care for the idea of trying to make one remote provide both the minimal and the maximal interface at the same time. This seems like a good direction for Apple to take. Instead of putting a full keyboard on every remote, just allow additional peripherals to be added via USB or Bluetooth. Unfortunately they certainly hasn't made this easy: http://www.hackint0sh.org/f98/77420.htm I guess I can see why Apple would keep this entirely within their own ecosystem for economic reasons, but this feels like it really limits the utility of their devices. Wouldn't they do as well to have a simple way of connecting standard devices AND provide what they feel is the best experience via custom apps? But how would you tell your TV what to show you? I'm not talking about spending the evening lounging around searching for interesting things on the web. I'm talking about the 2 minutes to enter "Vienna Vegetable Orchestra" so you can find the video that you already know about. Do you have one of these that you happily use? Are you referring to using the iPod as a remote to directly control it instead of the included remote? If so, and if you've got this working, I can agree with you that this is a much better model for operation. You're having the opposite reaction to this than I am. From my point of view, he's not recommending a 'nuclear retaliation' at all. Instead, he's saying that you have to play the same bullying 'game' in reverse. He urges you wait for a provocation, and then to attack them with your fists, in public, and suffer the quasi-legal consequences in return for the social standing it provides. I don't like this advice, because I don't want to ever be forced to play this game. If you threaten my physical safety, I'm either going to ignore you and move along, give in and go the police afterward, or I'm going to kill you. Not figuratively; there is no game. I hope to never get to that point, but there is no chance that I'd try to beat an aggressor with my fists fair-and-square. Instead, I will ensure that they never threaten me again. That's the nuclear option. I just went through it, choosing almost exclusively certainties. I'm definitely an entrepreneur, although currently a very struggling one. I fear the survey is going to be incredibly influenced by income level and current financial security. If you had changed the magnitudes of the numbers, my answers would have been completely different. I can do the math, but I also know that my immediate financial needs are unmet and that my ability to sustain losses is very limited. I'd suggest that you respond with polite and well reasoned arguments, trying to parallel the specifics of this situation with other issues of interest to this community. The post I'm answering here is a reasonable example of this. I would suggest that you either adjust to the norms of this site by writing fewer higher quality responses into which you put greater thought. This page is currently dominated by short posts that you seem to have made in rapid succession. I think you'd get a better response if you followed the punctuation and capitalization standards that the established users if this site employ. You may note that yours are the only nonstandard posts on this page. An all lowercase post would have to be quite extraordinary before I would upvote it. I agree that contacting the 'marketing firm' would be mistake, but I think that there might be benefit in involving Yelp. My view of them is mixed (at best), but I have to presume that they have people within their organization who are willing to distance themselves from extortion attempts. So while they may be indirectly involved, I think they'll respond by taking down the negative reviews if they appear to be suspicious after a short review. As they are unlikely to be the direct source of the fax, I think it's unlikely that further repercussions would be triggered. I also don't think there is much to lose in contacting the FBI and seeing if they want to treat it as extortion. Perhaps they have 9 such fax's already, and are waiting for a 10th before they take action. I think they are unlikely to tip off the marketer the source of the complaint. It's not that commenting is frowned upon, but that there is a dilution that occurs if you try to respond to everything. It will probably go over better if you choose the single most interesting comment to respond to, or if posting at the top, to offer what you feel is your single most insightful comment. Think of things from the point of view of someone reading the page: would it be more enjoyable to read if everyone commented on everything that was of interest to them, or better if they restricted themselves (a bit) to their area of expertise and particular interest? In case you're wondering if I take my own advice, I think there's a a lot more leeway in responding to direct replies rather than drive-by replies to strangers. Conversation is to be encouraged. :) For the capitalization, well, it's not that a high school dropout with a purple mohawk can't get venture funding, but that they'd better have a stunningly good idea. The MBA with a suit probably gets more leeway if the plan isn't as stellar. I think a better point might be "Break only the rules that matter". Why bother handicapping yourself if it doesn't? Right now we have a good relationship with Yelp: http://www.yelp.com/biz/scream-sorbet-emeryville We're not currently paying them, and did have some touchy points in the past regarding such offers of 'service'. As a consumer, I think they're a decent organization that's trying to provide a useful and compelling service. Like most other free services there are many potential conflicts of interest. I'm hoping that their self-interest in having credibility will keep them honest. But I don't think their influence is insignificant. But perhaps like your issues with Paypal, it will turn out that I should have listened your sage advice :). Could someone who understands the technical issues explain the details better? While perfect security is of course impossible, I would think that a 'secure' flash player could basically be grabbed off-the-shelf. And I haven't really thought about it, but I don't understand why a native app would be that hard. I presume the goal is just to make it difficult to record the movies to disk? I don't think this is quite true. Doesn't Netflix on Mac use Microsoft's Silverlight, which is not provided by Apple? And wouldn't the streaming requirements for Hulu (which is using Flash) be the essentially the same as for Netflix? So while they are saying that the manufacturer has to provide the DRM, I'm not sure where this 'requirement' is coming from. Are the requirements for Hulu different than those for Netflix? Or is the Hulu solution flash plus a hardened native library of the sort you describe. I guess my confusion is why Netflix couldn't do the same. My instinct is that key exchange is tricky but a solved problem, that the encryption itself is trivial once you have the keys, that true security is impossible without hardware support (TPM), that analog holes will always exist, and that the current hard part is preventing someone from swiping your digital video stream on its way to the screen. Does this seem accurate? what do PCs have to do with mobile devices I see them as pretty much indistinguishable, but maybe my perspective is skewed: my cell phone (HTC Incredible) and my laptop (Thinkpad X31) have roughly comparable processors and both run Linux. There's some differences in API, but I don't see anything inherently different about them. As time goes on, I think the blurring will continue. How many android devices run flash I'm not sure, but I presume that anything running Android 2.2 will. This should include all high end phones sold this year, plus everything for the future. I think most of these run it well, and would bet that all future Android phones will. What part isn't 'quite true'? I feel it is false to say that either Netflix or the studios require that the DRM be provided by the underlying OS. I think this is proven the existence of Netflix streaming to Silverlight in OSX. The ability of Hulu to use a flash solution also casts doubt, but this might depend on whether 'they' refers to the studios or to Netflix. But if it's a Netflix requirement to require OS level DRM, I'd wonder why they have this requirement. Just wanted to say thanks for your extended answers. I haven't had time to look at the links yet, but this is exactly the sort of detail I was hoping for. I appreciate it! I think that the best thing is that it shows it is possible! More interestingly, it does not even seem to require all out austerity measures. For example, if you choose "Cap Medicare growth" and "Reduce the number of troops in Iraq and Afghanistan to 30,000 by 2013" you are halfway there for 2030 with only those two choices. Go on to choose "Eliminate Loopholes but keep taxes slightly higher", "Reduce Tax Break on Employer-provided Health Insurance", "Payroll tax: Subject some incomes above $106,000 to tax" and the 3 largest cut-military-spending options and you are done. Sure, these things aren't as side-effect-free as they sound, but it almost sounds feasible and does not require flour sacks and cat food. I think he means it's OK to use tables from a purely technical point of view, but from a social perspective you're probably better keeping this opinion private. The current approved attitude among designers is that HTML tables are evil, so by agreeing you gain social standing. If you adopt the technically arguable but socially inappropriate stance that there's a time and place for tables, you'll be treated similarly to a C programmer who defends 'goto': at best a relic, at worst a moron. Nod and smile, then get back to work. Improve your toolset by learning how it's done in Haskell (Erlang, Lua, R, other up and coming language) on the side, but don't be worried about using the language you know to get the job done. Understand the potential advantages of CSS, but don't worry too much about a perfectly workable solution. Just realize that you'll be mocked for it in certain circles. But better to be mocked with a site that's up and running than to still be debating whether quotes should always be used even if not required by the spec. It certainly seems like Microsoft is 'cheating', but it also seems like an excellent but warped example of Test Driven Development: they solved the failing test by the simplest and most direct means available. If time and budget hold out they will refactor later to generalize. How do the TDD proponents feel about Microsoft's approach? How is it different than the supposedly correct behaviour demonstrated here: http://thecleancoder.blogspot.com/2010/10/craftsman-62-dark-... The sadness to me is the implication that students should restrict themselves to learning solely from official class materials. The idea that students might actually be trying to master the material doesn't even come up in the article as an afterthought. Instead it seems to assume that their only possible goal is to pass the test, and focuses on whether the approach was legitimate. Throughout college, I would always find at least one alternate text book for the courses I was taking. I'd frequently seek out Teacher's Editions, not hoping to cheat on the exams, but hoping to better understand the material. When assigned an abridged edition, I'd go out of my way to find the unabridged (usually from a library) to see what was omitted and why. I continue to hope that at least a few of those students had the same impulse: here's another source from which to learn. But perhaps I'm being unrealistic. I left without a degree after 3 years at a really good school, in part because of comments from professors such as "Please read the edition I assigned --- I chose the abridged text for a reason". The reason itself was never stated. This is a wonderful article that is directly applicable to HN. Read it! It's got both a good theory as to why comments tend to become more superficial over time, as well as suggestions for what can be done to counter this: As Commentators, What Can We Do? 1. Offer Personal Highlights 2. Be Constructive 3. Read Fully Before Drawing Conclusions 4. Ask Questions 5. Share Related Experiences I'd probably rank #2 as the highest in importance. I try to never vote down a comment where someone is trying to be constructive, even if I don't think they are succeeding. But perhaps I need to move farther, and actively vote up every comment that meets this criterion. The "less clothes" approach may be more interesting than it appears at first glance. Sam Wolanyk is legal rights activist who recently won a suit against the City of San Diego for failing to respect his right to openly carry a handgun in public: http://www.responsiblecitizensofcalifornia.org/profiles/blog... He's a sharp guy who seems well aware of the relevant laws. He seems to have set up his arrest quite consciously. He may prevail here. Your "never" makes me uneasy. As a fisherman, I've often killed fish as humanely as possible. Many others do the same. And while commercial standards are likely very poor, for certain species great care is taken regarding the quality of the meat with the side effect of relatively humane treatment. For example, tuna are often stunned and pithed using the "Taniguchi Method": http://wwwx.spc.int/coastfish/Fishing/Sashimi_E/Sashimi.pdf I believe they are being filtered. I'm not sure how dead auto-killed articles appear from the submitter's point of view, but I submitted an article yesterday that included the TSA acronym and it appeared to me without a comment box. This, and the absence articles on the front page, makes me think that filtering is in place. I'm not complaining --- this is probably a fine policy. But it does complicate how one reads Matt's post. I think that HN actually does a lot behind the scenes to promote a better community, which is what keeps it as good as it is. Yes, and a Vice Grips is not a very good wrench, unless you are stuck on the side of the road and have nothing else. Is this nuance or unnecessary idealism? :) I don't agree with Matt's conclusions about the 'damage to the internet', but his comments about the problems with HN resonate. I can understand why he's leaving. I think there are solutions, though, even if no other sites have quite managed to pull it off. I think the key points are: 1) It's OK for different users to see different views of the site. Reddit moved to predefined subcommunities, but this could also be done dynamically. A single 'top page' won't cut it unless users have the ability to block and filter. 2) It's OK to partition the site. While one wants consistency, it's OK to pretend that some posts were never made. You can't have things disappearing from the middle of reply-chains, but there's really no difference between a post that's never made and a post that's not shown to everyone. 3) Not everything functions best as a one-person one-vote democracy. I'm all for the benevolent dictatorship PG and those whom he delegates his power to. While transparency is often preferable, sites like this tend to fail due to lack of use of power rather than from unchecked use. Respectful of you but not of the book, I have to ask: what do you like about it? My initial reactions were very negative ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1705332 ). I love K&R, but recoiled in horror at every page I managed to read of this book. I've written entire macro-based systems similar to those recommended by the author here, and find them very useful. Void pointers are great where they can be used, but I love the efficiency and clarity of the generated code approach. I'm not bothered by the idea of a fixed length for strings, rather the explanation that it is best to use the number 43 instead of a named constant (MAX_STRING_LEN) to avoid namespace pollution. If the first paragraph I quoted had been standalone, or better as a short comment, I would have been in full approval. Anyway, I appreciate your response. It's good try to appreciate what others see that I do not. Yes, if you ignore the details of the code and the explanations, there are some good parts. If you look _only_ at the big picture, it's probably a fine book. And I love his clearly prefixed naming conventions. But I think you'd do a lot better reading something like the SQLite source code rather than this book if you want to see examples of good C. I guess I have to ask: do you feel that chapter 4 on using setjmp() and longjmp() plus some brittle macros for error handling is also good for learners? I thought it was technically very clear but about 40 years out of date as to good practice. Is this a forest or a tree? I don't know about CL, but it is commonly believed that Perl cannot be parsed by anything except Perl. I'm not sure about the nuances between "undecidable" and "cannot be parsed without execution", but this page seems relevant: Perl Cannot Be Parsed: A Formal Proof http://www.perlmonks.org/?node_id=663393 Some people believe that lies to immigration officials are acceptable, others feel that one should answer honestly or not at all. To the extent that "naive stupid" means the same thing as "honest and principled", you are correct. Perhaps he should have sought legal advice before entering, but I would presume that the author made this choice consciously based on his personal values. I wouldn't insult him by calling him naive and stupid unless you are certain your personal values are better than his. Tom Standage's "The Victorian Internet" has a lot of great detail about the culture of the telegraph operator and how it compares to the internet culture today. "Wandering workers who went from job to job were known as 'boomers.' There were no formal job interviews; applicants were simply sat down on a busy wire to see if they could handle it. Since they could find work almost anywhere, many boomers had an itinerant lifestyle; a great number of them suffered from alcoholism or mental health disorders. In a sense, the telegraph community was a meritocracy --- it didn't matter who you were as long as you could send and receive messages quickly --- which was one of the reasons that women and children were readily admitted to the profession." p. 140 "Indeed, despite the strange customs and the often curious lifestyle of many operators, telegraphy was regarded as an attractive profession, offering the hope of rapid social advancement and fueling the expansion of the middle class. Courses, books, and pamphlets teaching Morse to beginners flourished. For the ambitious, it provided an escape route from small towns to the big cities, and for those who liked to move around, it meant guaranteed work wherever they went." p.143 Substitute some current computer language for Morse and you could definitely be talking about the present. http://www.amazon.com/Victorian-Internet-Remarkable-Nineteen... I feel the opposite way. This strikes me like having hearings about steroids in baseball --- blatant pandering for votes instead of dealing with real issues with real consequences. I have no problem with individual networks or stations deciding that they want to better serve their audiences, but can this possibly be the best use of time for our nation's highest governing bodies? Going further, what's the positive national interest in encouraging Americans to watch yet more broadcast television? Just tried it, and yes, this is sad. Gmail is another Google site that fails in the same unscrollable way, although at least there you can get around it by falling back on the HTML version. Do you suppose this is due to sniffing the particular User Agent being sent, or is it a general shortcoming of Webkit? I've had a similar experience. I got out of computer programming because I became ill with West Nile Virus and couldn't think well enough to continue. Even after I recovered from most of the physical aspects of the disease (approximately equal to having mono for a year) I was still unable to continue working on the relatively complex recommendations algorithms that I had been doing before. The math just made no sense to me. I consider myself generally intelligent and capable, and while ill I was definitely neither. I once failed twice in a row at following the directions to make instant mashed potatoes. It wasn't really a joke that a good day was keeping the toilet seat clean and remembering to flush. It's been about 5 years, and my health is mostly back to normal other than no longer being in decent physical shape. I'm currently doing non-computer work ( http://screamsorbet.com ) but I'm eager to someday get back to the programming problems I abandoned. Unlike the author of the article, I didn't find it made me happier. Perhaps it's a general personality issue, but it made me even more depressed. Books and movies were mostly beyond me, and there wasn't much I found to take any joy in. I presumed I would eventually recover (and think I have almost completely) but the overall feeling was one of intense mortality --- a dread of the eventual senility that will probably come with aging, and a realization that when it happens again it will likely be once and forever. Embarrassing. Will fix shortly. Thanks! Probably, although that was at its worst. The recovery was a continuum spread over a couple years, so there were pretty long periods of mild impairment as well. I think you're probably right about happiness, but I didn't find that my impairment helped me relate to others. Even when well, I feel like I relate to most people in an 'emulation mode': a feedback loop of consciously gauging reactions and continually asking myself how my audience expects me to react. Being impaired just made this less effective and more stressful. The general feeling was similar to being sleep deprived and unable to focus. Small concepts felt very complicated and hard to grasp, but at the same time I constantly realized that I wasn't operating very well. I suppose if the effect was more like alcohol, where the impairment is more obvious to the audience than to the drinker, that there might be more of a pro-social effect. I'm not much of a fan of alcohol, though, so again this might be just a personality issue. It's been a long time since I've thought about rail guns, but I think you might be off in your second equation. But seeing as my other comment today is about how I may not have fully recovered mentally from a debilitating disease, I have to doubt myself. Anyway, aren't you forgetting that most of the time is spent at a lower speed, so that you want to integrate the acceleration rather than simply multiplying by the escape velocity? d = 1/2 at^2, where t = escape velocity / 3 G? http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=escape+velocity+%2F+3gs t = 6.3 min http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=distance+travelled+in+6... d = 2100 km (1300 miles) While we're at it, I'm not sure what we really should be using for escape velocity. We should probably account for the deceleration after we leave the muzzle while still in the atmosphere. And if we presume a surface mounted rail gun, we'd probably want the escape velocity for a launch aimed just above the horizon, which involves more of this.[1] Or if we're somehow presuming vertical, we'd want the escape from that height. But if vertical, we'd have to account for the extra gravitational force on the passengers, unless this is already accounted for in the human limits. In any case, I'm not sure that the speed of the Space Station (or the surface velocity I used above) really makes sense here. [1] I vaguely recall that ignoring air resistance, the velocity is the same regardless of direction, but I don't have confidence in this, and my quick searching hasn't turned up anything definitive. Is this possibly right? To me the most interesting part of the article was the means of befouling: the idea that the release of information does not need to have a direct effect, rather that the process of leaking will cause the targeted organization to change its own behaviour from within. I had not previously considered these secondary effects. If an organization (government, corporate, scientific) thinks that its actions will be scrutinized and that the walls have ears, and if internally it realizes that its methods are questionable and embarrassing, it will become paralyzed with fear of discovery and less able to act effectively. Like an allergic reaction, the leaks themselves are not the point --- it's the body's autoimmune response to the leaks that can be life threatening. Yes, this is definitely an interesting question. Salvatore says above that it's an order of magnitude, but it would be great to see the numbers for some specific CPU. I'd also love to see how much of a penalty is imposed by the OS for things like virtual memory support. It would be fun to see the numbers for something closer to bare metal like LoperOS, or TinyOS without Xen and running directly. Not that this would be practical for many real world circumstances, but I don't really have a clue what the overhead is. I agree on the East vs West if we are aiming for orbital. I disagree on the speed being the same even at the surface, as (I think) you have to subtract the gravitational deceleration as you get from the surface up to the height of orbit. Coming from space you gain speed coming in, so this is not an issue. Details aside, the overall conclusion remains that rail guns are not likely to be a useful means of propelling squishy cargo like humans into space. I don't think this a a good suggestion. Sure, it's commonly true, but it completely depends on your use case. This is a very specific article about optimizing the linked lists as used in the Linux kernel, with wonderful data about real world usage. I find it highly doubtful that the Linux kernel would benefit from dropping linked lists in favor of resizable arrays. Possible of course, but I'd want to see the data before making any recommendations. In general, it would depend on what's in your list and what you do with it. If each item is the size of a cache line, you're probably not trashing your cache[1]. If the list is large and you are keeping it ordered, you might benefit from easy insertions and deletions. If you've got millions of little lists of non-power-of-2 sizes, maybe doubling the size on a fill up would be problematic. Obviously you know this and I'm not giving you any new information, but I'm confused why you'd make this recommendation. Is it aimed at Rusty? Or do you truly feel that the linked list has no place in the world? [1] Well, maybe, but this depends on how often you need to do a full scan through the list. If you're storing unordered, you probably are scanning the array; if ordered, you'll be shuffling memory a lot on inserts. Again, use case matters. They make sense where you want essentially linear time additions and deletes regardless of list size. They also play well with parallel systems, as there exist lock-free implementations. I'm happy to buy the argument that they aren't a great default for cases where you know you will be dealing with a small unordered collection. Storing HTTP headers? Don't use a linked list. Large enough to benefit from binary search? Don't use a linked list. In general I'd agree with you that a simple table is a better first approach. Brute force and realloc can be surprisingly efficient. Others have made the argument that a hash beats a table even for very small numbers, and thus is a better default: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1860917 The Naggum article (parent of the linked comment) is a fun rant in favor of linked lists over hash tables, although I think Naggum would probably also agree with the argument that you shouldn't use even a linked list when a simple array will do. Tomatoes are not normally pollinated by honeybees. They have self-fertile flowers, so generally they pollinate themselves when shaken by the wind. Native bumblebees are sometimes used in greenhouses, and other insects (smaller than honeybees) sometimes play a role. I don't know about San Francisco, but there are quite a few urban hives in the East Bay. While there are CCD problems in the area with some beekeepers, there still are many bees in the area. I buy commercial honey from Bee Healthy, who keep hives around Oakland. I can probably top you: some many years ago, I discovered that Network Solutions (the original domain name provider) was using the first two characters of the password as the salt for their user accounts, presumably so that the salt could also be secret. Of course, this had the side-effect of making the first two characters of the password visible in plain text if you looked at the hashes. I reported this as a bug and never heard back. I've also never done business with Network Solutions since then. You have a very well formatted post with excellent footnotes, which makes me inclined to trust it. Yet the author of the piece, Nate Silver, is widely regarded as a professional statistician (with a solid degree in economics) and likely has a strong understanding of these issues. I'm predisposed to trust Silver over an unknown source from the internet because of my prior experience with his writings and the respect which others accord him. Therefore, despite the plausibility of your criticism, I still side with Silver. p.s. My silly self-referential post aside, I think that neither my assessment nor Silver's is an example of the conjunction fallacy. Each of the claims is independent and additional. They are made so that it is possible for the patent examiner to approve the patent claim by claim with a more narrow scope, rather than rejecting it as a whole. From the applicant's point of view, the best case is that all claims are approved, but the usual goal is to write a series of increasingly narrower claims so that at least something gets approved. If nothing is rejected, you probably have not made it broad enough. Having a more narrow scope may also determine in a law suit whether something is infringing: if you have an explicit claim, it's more clearly infringing. Perhaps in retrospect, but this was standard for the Unix crypt() function and passwd files of the time: http://linux.die.net/man/3/crypt The dangers of rainbow table attacks weren't well considered at the time. The real error was misreading the man page and using the first two characters as the salt, which is then published as the first two characters of the hash. It's sort of an easy error to make, because to decrypt, you do use the first two characters of the hash. Understandable for a beginner working on a school project, but pretty ludicrous for a large company holding control over most of the domains on the internet at the time. I'm a late thirty-something college dropout, and have yet to regret leaving. I attended a fine small liberal arts school (one of those that rotates through the top three spots of the rankings) and attended for three non-consecutive years. I'd start each year with a love of learning and a sense of potential, and finish each one hating the world and most everyone in it. I learned an awful lot there, but a lot more from the environment than the actual courses. I learned about money (I'd never really seen it before), I learned about class in America (we didn't have much of that growing up in Wisconsin), and I learned about a lot about cultural relativism (theory and practice). Given a chance, I would highly encourage anyone to attend the best institution they can possibly gain entrance to. It will be eye opening. But actually getting a degree? Optional. It always felt to me that the certification was at odds with the education. Instead of learning anything in particular, I was being taught to juggle, and to not care too deeply about what I was keeping in the air. This is likely of great value to an employer, but as an individual I want the freedom to care deeply about the content, and never found this to be possible in even an excellent liberal arts college environment. Financially, I'm probably doing worse than most of my peers who stuck with it. But I think this is more a factor of my personality than the lack of a degree. I left the final time to work at a computer company founded by some friends of mine (social networking advantage) and we managed to sell that successfully. The current startup is much shakier, and at this point all the savings are gone, but I'm pretty sure the lack of a degree has not been holding me back. Anyway, I'm all for Peter Thiel. I wish something like this had been around for me. It would have been great to have the feeling there was some approved alternative to college rather than just slogging through. I accidentally ran a disassembled shotgun through a checkpoint at IAD. I'd filled out all the appropriate forms for declaring a gun (unloaded) in checked luggage, and couldn't figure out who to hand them to. This was at a period of high alert, so they were screening even checked bags. I finally got someone's attention, and he waved me to put my bags on the conveyor and walk through. The bag went through without comment, and they were rather surprised and embarrassed when after that asked them what I was supposed to do with the declaration. Should we take from this that security is all a sham? No, probably not, but I wouldn't put much faith in simply adding mandatory checked bag X-rays. I'm pretty confident this is false. It's been repeated a lot in articles (including the usually solid Bruce Schneier), but in an admittedly brief search, I can find no evidence to back it up. Iowa is one of the largest pork producing states, and I can't find any mention of the deaths by pigs in the years I paged through: http://www.public-health.uiowa.edu/face/Summaries/index.html New Mexico, a mostly rural state with a significant number of animal caused fatalities, does not seem to attribute any deaths to pigs out of the 63 deaths (including 2 by sheep) reported here: http://www.nmwild.org/wp-content/uploads/animalrelated.pdf I can't find recent data from the CDC, but this report has fairly complete coverage from 1991-2001. Snakes are at 5 per year for the US, spiders 6, bees and wasps at 50, but pigs are not mentioned specifically anywhere in the report: http://www.scark.org/docs/Animal%20Related%20Fatalities.pdf My best guess is that this number was either intended as sample copy and left in a final report, falsely conflates "other specified animal" with pigs, is a worldwide rather than US/Canada specific number, or attempts to included deaths from "swine flu" as death due to a pig. Please don't repeat this trope unless you have better evidence that it is indeed true. Yes, from time to time. But I'd bet you any sum of money that there are less than 40 such fatal attacks per year in the US and Canada. And I say this as someone who hunts wild boars, and currently has 2 wild boar hams soaking in brine in preparation for a Christmas dinner. And what do you mean "in all likelihood"? Do you mean that you have some evidence that there are more wild boar attacks per year in the US and Canada than there are shark attacks worldwide? Or do you mean that the concept is kind of cool despite being entirely without evidence? We're certainly not one of "the world's biggest brands", but at a certain level I just don't get Facebook either. We have a presence ( http://www.facebook.com/pages/Scream-Sorbet/51993914102 ) but I fear we're not really making good use of it. Unfortunately, the article seems to presume that one already knows the take-home message. Could someone explain it more clearly? Is it just some form of "Facebook should feature your customers" like it seems, or is it more nuanced? I'm looking at the actual article now, and it seems a little better than the summary: http://www.atkearney.com/index.php/Publications/socially-awk... I think you are more wrong than right. While 'kosher' is a dietary standard, there are certain conditions that must be met before meat can be considered kosher. These ritual slaughter techniques fall under 'shechita', which traditionally requires that the animal be unharmed (hence unstunned) before its throat is sliced with a knife in a very particular manner. If this is not done, the meat is not eligible to be considered kosher. Various countries currently have exemptions to their humane slaughter rules explicitly for Jewish and Muslim traditional practices. Here are some citations: http://www.rspca.org.uk/ImageLocator/LocateAsset?asset=docum... http://www.thepoultrysite.com/poultrynews/21457/controversy-... http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/2977086.stm I mean that semantically, not morally. While it's technically true that kosher is a dietary standard, food meets this classification based on the means of slaughter. I have no particularly strong beliefs as to exactly what constitutes the humane treatment of animals. I run a company selling primarily vegan products ( http://screamsorbet.com ), but also hunt and fish. I eat less meat than most Americans, but also have two whole wild boar hams currently in brine for Christmas dinner. I care about the conditions of animals, but eat meat with gusto when I do. I agree wholeheartedly with the parent article that there should a consistent set of laws, and that exemptions based on belief are a loophole that should be closed. Either shechika is humane or it is not; but the religious beliefs of performant should not be a factor. E J Graff's "What is marriage for?" is beautiful book by a lesbian author that comes close to making this argument. While not exactly arguing that government needs to get out of marriage, it's a solid argument that government's involvement in marriage is a relatively new thing. It's also a good history of marriage from a heterosexual direction. Interview with the author here: http://www.uuworld.org/life/articles/24266.shtml There seem to be two definitions of why Groupon is important: the first is why the model works, and the second is why this particular company has a lock on that model. I can mostly agree with the arguments for the model, but don't see what particular advantage Groupon has as a company that would justify its proposed valuations. As a merchant, I've been in contact with Groupon and have looked closely at their system. Everything makes sense to me about it other than the cost. To use them, I'd need to be selling something at a 70% discount (their take is half of the discounted price), which for me means selling for about 50% of my cost to produce. For some businesses, this is a justifiable marketing expense, but for me, I think there are better ways to benefit from giving away things for free. While there is considerable consumer loyalty to Groupon, I don't see any such merchant loyalty. As soon as someone offers me a Groupon clone that offers to take only 10% of the sales, I'm there. Why doesn't Google put its $Billions into attracting merchants to a new site rather than buying an existing site that looks extremely vulnerable to future competition? Is there some lock in I'm not seeing? The main difference from the merchants' point of view is that when they do an offer with Groupon they receive half of the proceeds from the 'coupon', whereas in for a 'discount book' they receive nothing. The Groupon offer is thus better viewed as a heavily discounted gift certificate. Otherwise there is little difference other than the scale. As to whether you are too cheap to buy a coupon? Unlikely. More likely you are insufficiently cheap for the idea to hold appeal, as you are OK with buying the product you want when you want it, rather than jumping through all sorts of hoops and advance planning to save a few dollars. You are welcome and possibly correct to view this as 'wise'. I agree with your qualms, but isn't the easy answer to have your brother or sister do the testing? :) Or just a friend. The fear that you won't get an honest answer if people think they are criticizing you seems valid, but you don't need much distance before people can be honest. My main worry is that you what you should be looking for is not popular validation of your idea by people who've never considered the details, rather you should be searching for hurdles that you've never even considered. The danger is that you conclude that the business idea is good when in reality it's just 'cool'. I don't think you are understanding this article correctly. The 'decoy item' would be a very high priced item that the restaurant does not expect to actually sell: '$96 Coq au Vin for Two. Reserve 24 hours in advance.' The $12 chicken is what they actually expect to sell, based on how reasonable it seems. It is not a decoy, rather the dish that the restaurant wants you to buy. The pasta is a concession to the value consumer, and while it's high margin, given high fixed costs the restaurant would likely go out of business if it sold nothing by inexpensive pasta dishes. Ingredient costs are around 25% of the menu price, higher for expensive places and lower for chains. Differences in prices between dishes are generally not equal to differences in the cost of ingredients. From your example, your implication is that all dishes in that restaurant are overpriced. While this may certainly be true relative to the cost of making the food yourself (presuming free time and available equipment) this belief should be tempered by the number of profit-less restaurants that go out of business each year. There's nothing wrong with your belief, but I don't think it's that relevant to discussions of 'decoy pricing'. I have no particular knowledge, but this looks like an appropriate citation: § 5.22 The standards of identity. Standards of identity for the several classes and types of distilled spirits set forth in this section shall be as follows (see also §5.35, class and type): (a) Class 1; neutral spirits or alcohol. “Neutral spirits” or “alcohol” are distilled spirits produced from any material at or above 190° proof, and, if bottled, bottled at not less than 80° proof. (1) “Vodka” is neutral spirits so distilled, or so treated after distillation with charcoal or other materials, as to be without distinctive character, aroma, taste, or color. This definition does not seem to preclude the existence of "flavored vodka": (i) Class 9; flavored brandy, flavored gin, flavored rum, flavored vodka, and flavored whisky. “Flavored brandy, “flavored gin,” “flavored rum,” “flavored vodka,” and “flavored whisky,” are brandy, gin, rum vodka, and whisky, respectively, to which have been added natural flavoring materials, with or without the addition of sugar, and bottled at not less than 60° proof. http://ecfr.gpoaccess.gov/cgi/t/text/text-idx?c=ecfr&rgn... Wow, impressively detailed and photographed article. If you are interested in such things, you should also follow the included link to Dan Barber's TED talk. Here's a version that doesn't automatically launch the video: http://blog.ted.com/2008/11/25/a_surprising_pa/ Also interesting that all the ducks are male. I've seen some recent commentary regarding chickens about how millions of male chicks are put to death since they can't lay eggs and there is no other market for them. Strange that ducks are the inverse. Seems like an opportunity for some enterprising duck egg farmer! Edit: Oops, just read the section about the Moulard being a sterile hybrid. Maybe not a good plan to breed them. And wow, the comments on that page are truly excellent --- one of the best and most civil discussions on the morality of meat eating that I've seen online. Actually, this would be useful and not superficial to someone who has seen pictures of these fruits but has never seen one in real life. Obviously it can be refined, but the idea is not bad. For example, try this with some quite different but seemingly similar fruits that most people are not as familiar with: Pineapple Guava (Acca Sellowania) -- Small green fruit. Seeds soft and edible, skin optional. Turpentine flavor signals overripe. Cold hardy and grown in many parts of the US as an evergreen ornamental. Delicious eaten raw. Strawberry Guava (Psidium cattleianum) --- Tasty small soft red fruit with very fragrant aroma and many small hard seeds. Skin edible, but seeds best avoided. Can be eaten out of hand, but low commercial use. Frost tolerant in mild climates. White Guava (Psidium guajava) --- True tropical guava, thus barely if at all frost-tolerant. Large fragrant fruit with inedible hard seeds. Usually used for juice or puree, rarely eaten out of hand. Wonderful strong aroma increases with ripeness. While obviously not of use to a producer of guavas, this sort of cheat sheet might be helpful to someone who happens to encounter one of these varieties in a grocery store or tree nursery. At the least, it might keep someone from breaking their teeth on the inedible hard seeds! No, actually the performance is good for almost all divisors. I had the same thought you did, so I got the SVN and ran the benchmark. If we are try trust their timing, on a Core i7 the fast divisions were almost all around 4x the speed of the native. There were surprisingly small differences between the 2^n numbers and the harder ones --- the magic of long pipelines, I guess. These optimizations aren't used much because they are specific to the divisor used. For a single division, it would be faster just to let the silicon do the work. They only help when you are repeatedly doing division by the same denominator, which is rarely a bottleneck. But when it is (repeated integer divisions but not hardcoded), this looks like a fine solution! You mention that you've tried exercising in the morning, but have you tried an afternoon schedule instead? Not that I've got this figured out, but I've been pretty athletic most of my life, and have never found a way to make a morning workout enjoyable. But something very physical in the evening keeps me fully awake until I go to sleep, and then helps me sleep more solidly. If your effects are seasonal, Vitamin D might certainly be worth trying. Diet certainly makes a difference, as others have pointed out. Don't necessarily assume that less is better: hungry people can be pretty lethargic too. Consider eating more and exercising to match. And I wouldn't necessarily give up on the idea of just sleeping in two shifts: going to sleep when you are tired, waking up and working without distraction from midnight-3am, and then sleeping until morning will get an awful lot done. I don't want to stand in the way of a good rant, but if you have to hold down on the plus key for on every site, perhaps you should increase your default font size? Or perhaps something is wrong with your DPI settings? Or perhaps a larger monitor? With the Linux and OSX setups I use, I have no trouble reading this particular site, and rarely find that I have to increase font sizes. It's a conscious trade-off. One fear is that having comments that are edited after the discussion has taken place will reduce the utility of the future archive. There is also the hope that the current window-of-edit policy encourages people to do a better job the first time while still allowing them to catch silly errors. I'm pretty sure that if you ask nicely by email that you can find an admin who will remove your email for you. Just wondering --- is there a reason you feel you have to remove it at this point? He wraps up a lot of obvious points in a lot of science that he doesn't understand. That's odd. You would have thought that an undergraduate physics degree (even from a liberal arts institution) and a masters in engineering (OK, that one's from a real school) would have given him at least a basic grasp of the issues. :) His "20 calories a day" explanation is not the argument he is making. Rather, he's pointing out that it's absurd to think that the sole difference between an obese 70 year and his svelte wife is the one sugar cube per day the fat one added to his morning coffee. Are you arguing that it is indeed this simple, and that all we have to do to have a thin and fit population is to drink black coffee? p.s. Why the new account? When an author can't get facts like these straight, I become suspicious of the rest of his arguments. I agree that this is a pretty good standard to adhere to, but there are other explanations: perhaps Taubes understands the issues well, but didn't do a great job of translating them to analogies. Or perhaps you (as reader) are not correct in your understanding of his argument. I suspect Taubes would agree with you that given an appropriate long-term feedback method that fine regulation is possible, thus I presume the actual issue is something else. I'm inclined to trust Taubes because I've enjoyed some of his prior writings. Here's an award winning article of his that was published in Science: http://www.junkscience.com/news3/taubes.html . You might enjoy this earlier article as an example of his style applied to a different topic. While it's certainly possible he's completely wrong here, I don't think it's because he lacks any fundamental understanding of science. As I read it, Taubes' basic critique is that the 'calories equals weight gain' formula is so flawed as to be almost useless. The more I look into it, the more I agree with him. Yes, obviously at the extremes there are physical limits involved, but presuming a purely linear response just seems silly. I cheer him on in his attempts to come up with something better. This is all true, but I'm wondering if you are mistaking a strawman for Taubes actual argument. The bit about '20 calories/day' is his attempt to explain the current philosophy, which he feels is fatally flawed, in the way you mention among others. He's setting up this argument merely to tear it down. Despite being the simplified version of the standard wisdom, he agrees with you that it's wrong. His actual point is at the end: 'Maybe when we get fat it’s because those physiological, metabolic and genetic factors you mentioned are dysregulating our fat tissue, driving it to accumulate too much fat'. He might be wrong about this, but his point is that the difference between an obese and non-obese person cannot be fully explained by an intake difference of 20 calories per day over a lifetime. There must be something else in play. This is a brilliant graph, but I don't think you are reading Taubes' article correctly. He is not offering "straightforward calculations", rather he is setting up a "straw man" ("Aunt Sally") which he feels represents the "almost incomprehensibly naïve and wrong-headed" conventional wisdom. Like you, Taubes does not believe that 20 calories a day is a good way to represent the difference between an obese and non-obese individual. While it's obvious from the response here on HN that he fails to make this clear, he's setting up a contrafactual argument. He's lamenting that even the best science writers we have (like Jonah Lehrer) seem to offer only simplistic truisms like the 20 calories myth. You point out (correctly) that 20 calories is misleading by using a brilliant graph. Taubes attempts (and apparently fails) to bring it down with logic and rhetoric. Now, it's true that Taubes wouldn't fully agree with your graph. He believes that 'calories' themselves are a faulty way of viewing the world, and that the composition of the food matters more than the calculated calories. He believes it matters whether that 450 additional calories are corn syrup or lean steak. But at base, you are not disagreeing with him, and your (wonderful and to the point) graph is not contradicting anything he's saying. I'm just finding it now, but the blog post refers to a chapter in his book: http://books.google.com/books?id=Pm9ZcFYtLZ4C&pg=PT68... Perhaps that will be a clearer exposition of his beliefs? Taubes is a journalist. Well, sort of. He also has an undergrad degree in Physics from Harvard and masters in Engineering from Stanford. Which doesn't mean he's right, but it does make him better qualified as a science journalist than most. The people on HN are several standard deviations ahead of his audience. Yes, and this is what's making me want to cry. This is one of the few audiences that knows what 'reductio ad absurdum' means, and yet bright people (whom I respect) seem unable to grasp what to me seems to me a fairly obvious argument. Are contrafactuals truly so rare as to be unrecognizable? Ignoring the fact that his science is wrong. Sure, it might be, but the commentary so far has not been about "his science" but about his portrayal of conventional wisdom, which he also agrees is wrong. It's like pointing out that a mathematician is obviously a fool for saying "Let us assume momentarily that the square root of two is a rational number" as the preamble to a proof. It feels like a scene from Idiocracy. It's not that Taubes is wrong, it's that you are misreading his argument. I'm not arguing that "it's complex" --- although I'll happily stand up to defend deconstructionism --- rather I'm trying to tell you that you are in agreement with Taubes that the conventional wisdom is rubbish. Now, if you want to point out the flaws in his actual argument and say that there is no difference between calories from carbs and from proteins, please do! But insisting that he's wrong because it really takes more than 20 calories sounds an awful lot like chanting "Brawndo's got electrolytes". It's a new year. I want to regain my faith in the world. Please stop making me cry. Both of these are fair questions: is Taubes accurately portraying the conventional wisdom, and what difference in diet corresponds to what final weight maintained? Yes, Taubes is presenting a very weak version of the argument. But I think he does this for good reason: it's the camel's nose in the tent, it's the NRA's (legitimate?) fear about reasonable gun control laws. Once he can show that the simple version can be questioned, he opens room for further questioning. And I don't think that his portrayal of conventional wisdom is that far off: we have entire industries based on shaving off a few calories from our desserts, and many people seem to believe that if the fat slobs would just park at the far end of the parking lot and walk another 100 feet they wouldn't be fat. He doesn't present the version you offer because he doesn't believe it. You're presuming that its possible to eat an additional half a slice of bacon a day and have no other effects other than maintaining a stable weight of 2 lbs greater after a year. You're also presuming that this effect would be achieved by eating an additional sugar cube. Traditional calorie counting would also imply that you'd be in the same place if instead of the bacon or sugar cube every morning that you ate an entire 7200 calories pecan pie once a year at Thanksgiving. Taubes says this is also wrong: bacon and sugar are metabolized differently, and will have different effects on your body. Both will also have side effects on appetite and energy level. How sure are you that they are the same? How sure are you that timing doesn't make a difference? How would you design a solution to obesity that is more effective than merely encouraging people to eat a little bit less and to exercise a little bit more? I think these are good questions, and still open to discussion. Likely there are better approaches than Taubes', but I think he's a bright guy on the right path. At the least, I think it's worth attacking his actual thesis rather than complaining that his straw man doesn't fight back as strongly as it should. But then again, I never heard anyone in the nutritional mainstream claim that Thanksgiving dinner is what is making America fat. Well, it is the opening sentence of the Jonah Lehrer piece which Taubes is critiquing: "Thanksgiving has always been a day of delicious gluttony. According to the American Council on Exercise, the average adult consumes nearly 4,500 calories at the Thanksgiving table, which is about twice the recommended daily intake." This, following immediately after the title "The Real Culprit in Overeating" could cause the impression that Lehrer (one of the best science journalists out there) is claiming that Thanksgiving dinner is what is making America fat. You seem to be confusing mainstream nutrition science with people hawking their own wares. I don't think so, although I will request a certain artistic license. I was thinking primarily of the signs up in my local Kaiser health facility encouraging people to take the stairs (rather than the elevator) in the parking garage. Mind you, I do take the stairs, and think it's a good thing. But like Taubes (who looks quite fit and trim in his publicity photos), I'm not sure this is an adequate solution to a national health crisis. Or at the least, I'm concerned that this solution is not currently working that well. Overall, I think you're selling Taubes a bit short. If he's a hack flogging his books for sake of nothing but sales, he's at least got a better basis than most. Time will tell, of course, but I'm betting that in the end he wins the calorie counting argument, and the idea of counting all calories as equal regardless of source won't last. I've tried using Square as a small business owner, and their model generally makes sense to me. We're not using them for our primary credit card processing needs, though. I think there are still some kinks that they need to work out. The positive: You can be up and running from zero to accepting a credit card within an hour. Compared to the traditional alternatives, this is incredible. Their rates are reasonable. We do slightly better on the interchange-plus merchant account we use, but they aren't bad. The mobile phone card reader is free, and works with both iPhone and Android. The mixed: Their customer service reputation isn't great. If you read their online forums, there a quite a few people that feel they aren't paid promptly. Seems like things are getting better though, and kudos to them for having an open forum! They seem to have trouble getting the devices to people promptly. It seems like it might be worth a negotiating a packet rate with Fedex to get these there overnight, or at least to make sure they get in the mail immediately. The negative: The experience at least on Android isn't great. It feels like an app that was ported by an intern and then forgotten. There's a settings icon that takes you where the menu button should, and the back button doesn't actually work. For example, I started the app right now to refresh my memory, and I'm at the login page and can't figure out a way to get back to the first page without killing the app. The GPS location trick is cute, but can't be turned off. If you are using the phone inside a store, it constantly searches for a GPS signal. The reader (at least on Android) is flaky. It reads a card eventually, but seems to take 3-5 attempts. Worse, if you tap the reader in any way, it thinks you've tried to scan a card. This said, it seems like it's better on iPhone. My advice to them: Raise more money, and spend it on improving the mobile applications and lowering the fees as much as possible. Low cost and simple is great marketing. Somehow get the reader into users' hands the next day after they sign up. And make sure it works. Our current solution: We're using an interchange plus pricing model from http://vantagecard.com . They seem good so far. They resell for Global Payments, who are pretty awful to deal with directly. For our store, we use a wireless Verifone Vx610 --- works, but difficult to set up and expensive. For mobile, we use Inner Fence on Android (free) and iPhone (99 cents) and an Authorize.net Gateway ($10/month). Both are pretty good. We have a $50 iMag Reader for iPhone that works well to scan cards; on Android we have to punch in manually. Which really is to say that we'd love to be using Square if it was a little better implemented. I think they have a decent chance of transforming the market if they can get their act together. Their ease of setup, and the fact that you only have deal with them and not 4-5 different entities, gives them a tremendous leg up. $200M? Yes, if they can pull it off. More on glutamates in parmesan and tomatoes (agrees with tptacek): http://blog.khymos.org/2007/07/06/glutamic-acid-in-tomatoes-... No, he probably agrees that they are functional analogs and is just making the point that if you are brought in as expert in an article, you should strive for as much accuracy as possible. While I agree with her general precept that MSG allergies do not exist, and I personally have no more fear of glutamates than of sodium, I'm bothered by the level of inaccuracy in the statement: "Broccoli, mushrooms, tomatoes, inosinate, guanylate, and autolyzed yeast extract? Give up? They are all sources of monosodium glutamate." Guanylate and inosinate are comparable to glutamate, and often used in conjunction with it, but I don't think it's even colloquially correct to say that they contain it. Am I wrong? In the same vein, it also seems fair to point out that the naturally occurring form is different than the purified salt. Would you say that corn on the cob 'contains' high-fructose corn syrup? I'd normally just assume she was misquoted, but in the comments she attacks the discussants for "carrying on with this technical mumbo jumbo and further confusing the issue". Maybe she's a good chef, but I sure don't trust her science. And for all I know, maybe this is what 'tingletech' meant, but I figured I'd give him the benefit of doubt. I also gave this benefit to the Chef in the piece until I read her comment on the commenters, where for me at least she 'removed all doubt'. But agree with you completely on the conclusion: if you are allergic to MSG, there's a lot else you should be avoiding. It's wild how many traditional 'seasonings' like Parmesan, fish sauce, ketchup, and kombu are effective because of naturally occurring glutamate/inosinate/guanylates. When no-one takes a deal, or there isn't budget, then it becomes involuntary, with minimum comp. I don't believe this is true. At least in the US, the compensation for being involuntarily bumped is usually much better than the voluntary, and as a result it is almost in the airlines' interest to find a volunteer. Also, the involuntary compensation involves cash, whereas the voluntary (on the US airlines I'm familiar with) is a voucher for future travel. I believe these are the current rules: "If the alternate transportation is scheduled to arrive between one and two hours after the original planned arrival (between one and four hours on international flights), the compensation equals 100% of the passenger’s one way fare to his or her next stopover or final destination, with a $200 maximum additional cash compensation . If the airline cannot get a passenger to the destination airport within two hours (four hours on international flights), the compensation rate doubles to 200% of the passenger’s one-way fare, with a $400 maximum additional cash benefit. This compensation is in addition to the value of the passenger’s ticket, which he or she can use for alternate transportation or have refunded if not used. The last time the rule was substantially changed was in 1982, and the last time the maximum additional cash benefit was raised was in 1978. For 2008, the DOT made several changes, the most important was a doubling of the maximum cash compensation to $400 for domestic flights and $800 for international flights." http://www.airsafenews.com/2008/05/revised-bumping-compensat... [edited to add the second paragraph, which mentions the 2008 changes, which I somehow failed to get in the first time] At least in the US, I don't think that's true other than for New York, Boston, and Chicago. Are there other cities that have good cheap public transportation to the airports? For a long time, it was basically impossible to have a direct connection due to federal regulations. Not that it's always extremely expensive, but here in the Bay Area where we have better than usual public transport by US standards, it's $8.40 from downtown Oakland to SFO on BART, or $4.75 (with a nontrivial bus transfer) to OAK. From SFO, it's also about $8 to SFO, $7 to OAK (same transfer). Again, I think you are mistaken. This may be partly my fault due to the missed quote above, but I don't think you understand the way bumping works in the US. Perhaps this page will be clearer: http://airconsumer.dot.gov/publications/flyrights.htm#overbo... The law definitely applies to domestic flights. It's actually international where it gets trickier. Whether it's a good deal or not depends on your urgency in getting to your destination. I've probably successfully volunteered to be bumped about 6-8 times in my life, and have been satisfied with compensation offered, which usually is equivalent to a voucher for a free round-trip ticket. It has also included an overnight hotel voucher in couple of cases where it was necessary. I've never been bumped involuntarily, likely because there is always a volunteer willing to take some offer the airline will make. The highest I've received (international with the next flight in the morning) was an $800 voucher, presumably because the alternative to the airline was $800 cash. But as always, your mileage may vary. Yes, if you volunteer the compensation is entirely negotiable: you could even choose to take nothing. Whereas if you are bumped involuntarily there is a legally mandated compensation scheme. These rules apply to all flights departing from a US airport. It is usually done as a uniform price auction, with the airline upping the offer until they have enough volunteers. All volunteers usually receive the same (best) compensation regardless of what level they first agree to give up their seat. At least in my experience, you are right that it is not possible to negotiate directly with a gate agent, but then again I'm sure those with superior negotiating skill can negotiate just about anything. What federal regulations are you talking about? I was referring to direct subway interconnects to airports being very difficult to fund, but now I'm uncertain. I was always told growing up (80's - 90's) that the reason that reason for the ridiculous off-site airport terminals for subway systems was because of federal regulation prohibited the use of certain funds for air travel. I was always amazed to see how smoothly transport to airports worked internationally, and depressed by the difficulty in the US: Boston, New York, SF. Since then, all of the cities have changed, and now have better direct connections from their subway systems. I presumed this was a legal change, but now I'm unsure. I can't find anything directly confirming this. Here's one of the closest I can find: http://sf.streetsblog.org/2010/06/22/bart-moves-ahead-with-o... In this case, it was determined that BART did not comply with the Civil Rights Title VI regulations regarding equity of spending for public funds, and thus was denied the use of federal funding for an Oakland subway extension. I believe this was the basis for the earlier prohibitions, based on the (reasonable?) presumption that the poor do not benefit proportionally from having easy airport access and the rich don't need the subsidy. This is a really good article, and just the fact that it's published in a mainstream publication like The Atlantic shows how much internet pornography has changed American sexual mores in the last few years. And I think the author makes a good case that it indeed is technology that has changed the thinking: "When a 13-year-old girl can sit in math class, hide her Hello Kitty smart phone behind her textbook, and pull up such an extreme video in less time than it would take her to text a vote for her favorite American Idol contestant, we’ve certainly reached some kind of new societal landmark." The writing is solid and bold. I'm impressed. Author's website is here: http://www.natashavc.com/?page_id=62 I presume that subtitles in pieces like this aren't usually written by the author, so I'm not to worried if they actually agree with the sentiment of the piece. For the "males are dangerously sexual" undertone, I think this is true but intended as historical background. My ultra-summary from an American perspective would be something like: 1960's: Males are dangerous and women must defend their honor. Betty Friedan writes about trapped women. 1970's: Males still dangerous, but women can take control of this. Feminism on the rise: Our Bodies Our Selves. 1980's: Women and males be equally dangerous, equally pro-sex. Aids causes concern all around. Anti-porn. 1990's: Feminist backlash. OK to be an effeminate metrosexual. Read Katie Roiphe and Bitch Magazine. Move toward pro-porn. 2000's: Decade is over, and now the history is being written by people like Natasha Vargas-Cooper. Porn is passe. claiming that online porn demonstrates how the male psyche is fueled by the need to hurt and humiliate women sexually I don't see a contradiction, since I don't think she is making this claim. This would be hard to determine by textual analysis, though, since I'm sure my own context for the article is just as subjective. I'll write her and ask if she'd be willing to comment, but of course then we're into postmodernism, and the intent of the author being irrelevant to your interpretation. In the meantime, I think that Vargas-Cooper is coming more from a 90's feminist-backlash position than the earlier 70's 'men are evil' view. Or maybe it's slash-backlash: "He answered, almost without thought, 'Because that’s the only thing that will make you uncomfortable.' This was, perhaps, the greatest moment of sexual honesty I’ve ever experienced—and without hesitation, I complied. This encounter proves an unpleasant fact that does not fit the feminist script on sexuality: pleasure and displeasure wrap around each other like two snakes." I think her point is that we need to acknowledge the forces that exist (including a desire to degrade) without giving up or pretending they don't exist. But I don't think she feels that this is exclusive to males, nor that this is the primary fuel of the male psyche. And I think her point is that two players are needed to maintain the illusions, and that not all illusions should be thrown out. She didn't smack him across the face and pay for her own cab ride home, rather she took the honesty as a compliment and stayed. Reading it again in that view, you do have a point. I don't think it's intended to that clear cut, though. There's a lot of cross-play going on: Source: The Atlantic - Respectable, liberal. Title: Hard Core - Low brow, sensationalist. Subtitle: The new world of porn is revealing eternal truths about men and women - Reactionary or defensive? Author: Doesn't seem afraid of sex-positive imagery - http://www.natashavc.com/ Image: Art porn by an expert - http://www.google.com/images?q=Sølve+Sundsbø Text: As you say, but also mixed in places. I think one needs to consider the piece as a whole, and it's likely effect of making porn a more acceptable mainstream topic for discussion in the future. But I'm comfortable with interpretations that are contradicted by different levels of the text, and think that we should judge by final effect rather than intermediate argument. I think the apparent contradictions are more likely intentional (at some level) rather than oversight. Any chance you've seen Slavoj Zizek's argument that The Sound of Music is actually pro-Nazi: http://benatlas.com/2010/02/zizek-on-crossdressing-to-the-so... Probably some if them are, but I think most are reacting negatively to the suggestion that no one who kills themselves is smart. Note that this is different than saying that the suicide itself is a 'smart' decision. Perhaps they feel it is disrespectful to a former friend who's intelligence they respected? The OP seems to equate 'smart' with evolutionarily successful. While there is no question that removing yourself from the gene pool before reproducing is lousy evolutionary fitness, I can certainly understand looking at the world and deciding that one just doesn't want to play that game. For the most part I think the downvotes are because the post is offensive and lacks insight, not because people are applauding suicide. Nice article! If anyone is having trouble figuring out the pictures exactly what to do, my girlfriend did some illustrations for Poets and Writers Magazine that might complement them: http://www.pw.org/content/diy_how_to_make_and_bind_chapbooks I think the first one ("DIY: How to Make a Pocket-Size Book") is the same as what is illustrated here, but I linked to the top in case people are interested in the other stitched variations too. The first half is how to set up a template in Word, and the second half (starting at #13) covers what this article does in a slightly different style. The US Library of Congress has many of these recordings online, although they can be hard to find. Here's a decent starting point: http://memory.loc.gov/ammem/lohtml/lohome.html That's a good informative article. I'd never stopped to think about how breakpoints work. Basically, you overwrite part the code to call an interrupt which sends SIGTRAP. Your SIGTRAP handler then has to both do what you want and execute the code that you patched over. Thanks for posting this, and please keeping posting more like it! It deserves more attention than it got. Seeing as this is a post on Bayesian statistics in China, I must ask: why are you sufficiently confident to assert that "he" is a safe assumption? Because it's political, because it's mathematical, because it's irrational, or because it's China? Yes, and the purpose of this post is to decipher that reason. From your certainty, it sounds like you might be in a position to offer it? Yes, in the financial context they have a low risk profession. They can have greater than 90% confidence that if they do the same thing they did the previous year (likely, working very hard at a task they are very skilled in), that they will earn about the same amount they earned that year, usually adjusted up for inflation. Do you disagree, or are you using some other definition of risk? It makes me wonder: how true is it that the web is too large to curate by hand? It's remarkable how fast a human can determine that a site is spam, and with the exception of a few large user-created sites once one has determined that a few pages on a domain are spam you don't have to look farther. Kedrosky uses the number (unsure from where) 234 million sites. At $1/site you could have a number of quite well paid people checking off whether a site is 'real' or 'spam' at a price that Google could easily afford --- if it would improve their bottom line. Even if you went page by page, you could figure out a way to build an index of spam-free pages. But would this really provide sufficient economic benefit? I think the answer is no, otherwise it would already have been done. What can be done to change this? This isn't necessarily false, but I think it's too simplistic to work well. How long before it too is being gamed? The current PageRank system is essentially that the creators of web content vote for what ranks highly based on what they link to, with the strength of their vote based on the strength of their incoming votes. Seeing that this difficult to compromise system is falling to pieces, I worry that an easy to game system such as you suggest will be laid to waste within days. Email filtering is a bit different, since you can only vote down the things that you've been sent. It's difficult for you to mark your competitors correspondence as spam since you never have a chance to vote on it. Whereas with search, you can vote on anything you choose to search for. There's also the question of whether it's really in Google's best interest to remove the spam. It's a plausible argument that they have no easy way out --- if they remove all the links to spam sites hosting Google ads, it's entirely possible that their revenue would fall precipitously. To argue that they need to remove spam, one first needs to conclude that they benefit from doing so. I have more hope that a 3rd party might be able to solve this. Offer a series of browser plugins for Firefox/IE/Chrome that will allow you to black list sites from search results? Everything you mark is blacklisted for you forever, and once there is a consensus (likely with human oversight) it's globally blacklisted as well? AdBlock essentially works on this model, so it should be possible. ps. Google already offers an official Chrome extension that does much of what you suggest: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/efinmbicabejjhja... . It's somewhat ironic to note that many of the 'user reviews' for it on that page are actually spam. Over time, odds are this stock will do poorly compared to if he'd had a more diversified portfolio. How are you calculating these odds? I'd naively assume that the average performance would be the same but the volatility would be much higher. Dollar cost average into it and you reduce this somewhat. I've never really understood the magic of diversity either, unless it's just to insulate against risk of ruin. Thanks! That's a fine executive summary. The longer version is that original humor is appreciated, particularly if insightful and non-obvious, but regurgitated memes are not welcome here. If you are rushing to make the obvious joke before everyone else does, please don't. This is a disappointing answer. Yes, most firms don't manage to beat the market average. The apparent answer would be that about half of them do, probably slightly fewer due to occasional runaway successes. What you seem to be saying is that there is a complex system guaranteed to beat the expected return of buying and holding a single stock. I don't see how this can be true, although it's certainly possible that the lower volatility is preferable enough to offset the slightly greater costs. Do you really believe that it is 'exceedingly unlikely' that a firm would exceed the market average for a 15 year period? I haven't done research into this, so I'm happy to learn. Instinctively, it would be a pretty frequent occurrence. Are you saying that more than 95%[1] of the individual underlying stocks held by a major index fund will underperform the market over a 15 year period? If yes, how can this be? If not, what are you saying? Are you a betting man? [1] "Extremely Unlikely" is typically defined as a less than 5% chance. Here's an example: http://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/ar4/wg1/en/ch1s1-6.... I'm not certain it's the answer he's looking for, but I'd probably start with 'perldoc -f keyword'. Are there better ways? It's an interesting question. The logic of the article isn't great, but perhaps there truly are some deep similarities between flight and code. As he points out, both have a tradition of learning by on the job experience, and providing a sense of freedom to those willing to master the basics. Both also have an somewhat uneasy interplay between the 'professionals' and the 'amateurs'. From the article, the most salient part for me was the "World War II attitude". There are tons of regulations for flying, but in end one is truly in charge of the vessel. Pilots and engineers are among relatively few professions where one can answer 'unable' and presume that the rest of the conversation will take this as fact. You may have to deal with the consequences later, but in the moment you are the expert in control. Interesting. Could you describe the procedure? I started at porting from Google to another (Callcentric) and didn't know how to provide the billing documentation they asked for. What do you ask people to provide? Interesting point: what percentage of viewers are logged in? I was presuming it was high, but I guess I really don't know. Thanks for the follow up. What do you accept as billing information for a Google Voice number? That's the part I got stuck on. Is this merely a formality? Is a screen shot of the account page acceptable? As a free service, they have never sent me a "bill". Yes, this is exactly the market that makes sense for Apple. They are tremendous products for people willing to pay a premium not to have to deal with the nuts and bolts and desiring to concentrate only on the task at hand. The astonishing part is that through amazing PR and Marketing that they have also managed to convince self-described 'hackers' (this is ostensibly Hacker News) that Apple makes great products for them as well. It's as if a bunch of car racing enthusiasts were gonzo about a Prius with a welded shut hood! In my experience, while some racing fans are content with keeping the hood shut, most racers are also good mechanics. Are there other examples of experts being so willing to accept that their tools are not customizable? I think of things like low-fi music and the Holga, but even there there is a lot of modding going on. The obvious answer is probably that 'hacker' is an applied rather than base characteristic. Rather, one can be a software hacker without caring at all about the underlying hardware. But I'm dubious: while it's certainly possible to write good software while never looking at the layers below your preferred virtual machine, I have to think that you benefit from knowing how that layer really works. And that one, and that one. You're absolutely right, and yet somehow I just don't want to buy a product that takes that attitude. My disillusion with Macintosh started when I learned that one needed a special 'Mac Cracker' tool to open up a Mac Plus. The easy solution for me is to avoid their products and choose something that doesn't offend my sensibilities. I've repaired a couple Apple products in the last year. I resoldered an IC on a friend's MacBook to get get rid of a constant reboot problem, and swapped out a broken video card from my girlfriend's desktop Mac Pro. Both were reasonably straightforward repairs, although I'm not sure what they'll gain by making it harder. I'm OK with Torx, but don't see the benefit of moving to Pentalobular. But I'm sure I can drill them out if I really need too. :) But rationalism is not just the assumption that all others are dumber, rather the realization that some are dumber and some are smarter. The goal then becomes to determine which are which, and to move oneself toward the truth. It assumes that there is some method of comparison, and that not all solutions are equal. It does not assume that the way is clear and unambiguous, nor that the truth is all on one side. Compare Western medicine with homeopathy. I'd wager my life that there is no such thing as water memory. But at the same time, the placebo effect is definitely real. Where a absolutist would argue that modern medicine has nothing to learn from homeopathy, and a relativistic would argue that from within each system each is equally 'true' for its adherents, a rationalist will feel comfortable disbelieving in the surface explanations of homeopathy while at the same time trying to understand how modern medicine could be improved. Yes, I do think that rationalism is intimately involved with self-doubt, and that many people are wholly unaware of the possibility that others with whom they disagree may be right rather than wrong. But I also think that there is such a thing as truth, and that it would be an error to believe that no one is stupid or acts irrationally. But possibly I just don't understand your point. Are you arguing against the precepts of LessWrong, or against the case that Kenneth is making showing its limitations? Are you arguing that rationality is (or should be) synonymous with evolutionary fitness rather than truth? That believing things that are factually true can be irrational? If you're up for watching depressing but incredibly insightful documentaries, I'd recommend "Stevie" ( http://movies.netflix.com/WiMovie/Stevie/60027209?trkid=2361... ) as one that might change your mind on whether "no one is stupid". It's a brilliant movie of stupid people making their way in the world, with as much grace as they can manage. The scary part for me was that the self-explanations of the (medically) retarded characters vacillate between sounding simplistic and fully aware. I think the rational conclusion would be that it's awfully hard to tell which rung one is standing on, and whether others are above or below it. But I don't think it would be rational to conclude that "everyone's pretty much the same". While I appreciate that DDG would want to differentiate itself from its competition, if the actual goal is improving user privacy on the internet I don't understand why this is being treated as a Google issue rather than a browser one. Google is an important site, but just one site of many. Wouldn't it make more sense to try to convince browser makers to have HTTP_REFERER turned off by default, either in entirety or for cross-site purposes? It also seems worth noting that if for some reason you wish to continue using Google instead of DDG, and if you are concerned about the potential privacy issues, you can already change your browser not to send the referer header: http://kb.mozillazine.org/Network.http.sendRefererHeader https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/dkpkjedlegmelkog... > It's a bit like how phone calls from land lines, unless > they're international, aren't charged on a per-call or > per-minute basis (in the US, YMMV elsewhere). It's somewhat off-topic to your main point, but I'm from the US, and I don't think this is true. While there are flat-rate calling plans, these are new and more commonly associated with VOIP lines. I think that most people in the US still have plans with very complex rates based on destination and time-of-day. For example: --- What are AT&T basic rates? What is the AT&T basic rate plan? They are the standard long distance rates charged to customers who are not enrolled in an AT&T Long Distance calling plan. There is a $4.95 monthly recurring charge associated with the state to state direct dialed basic rate plan (sometimes referred to as the basic rate plan), which applies each month whether or not a customer makes a call. The current per minute state-to-state basic rates are as follows: 42¢ Peak (7 AM - 6:59 PM, M - F), 36.5¢ Off Peak (12 AM - 6:59 AM and 7 PM - 11:59 PM, M - F) and 15¢ on Weekends. In-state basic rates vary by state. https://www.customerservice.att.com/assistance/faq/qa.jsp?fa... --- Incredibly, due to federal telecommunications regulations, the in-state rates have historically been higher than the state-to-state rates. What you say is true about local calls though, where "local" is a complex term of the art rather than something simple. And times are changing --- for all I know, no one buy my family members are still on the traditional plans. With regard to apps, I think I see it opposite to the way you do. Previously, most small apps would be directly accessed as free websites with no metering. Now, more of these micro-services are moving to becoming paid apps, free-loading on top of the public web sites. Would you be comfortable with the NYC metro deciding not to put up a public information site at all, and offering only a paid app? I worry this the direction things are headed. Which sites would break, and why? (genuine question, not contrariness) I've always assumed that cross-site Referer is sufficiently brittle that one cannot depend on it, since it's isn't there if one enters a URL by hand or arrives via a redirect. And while I like it for use within a site, it seems that Cookies have taken over for most uses. Sorry about the sloppiness with HTTP_REFERER vs Referer. You are correct --- I tend to think of it from the CGI point of view rather than browser. Browser sends Referer as an HTTP header, which web servers commonly set in the environment as HTTP_REFERER. Thus the question should be "Why not have browsers default to not sending the HTTP Referer header?" I'm also a native English speaker, and I also presumed that a word had been omitted in the title. It was easy enough to figure out from context once in the article, but from the title alone I didn't even try to guess. Are there advantages of DisplayPort over HDMI? Or do you just want to use Apple branded monitors without an adapter? My naive outsider's thought works be that rather than adding an additional output to all video cards, that it would be better if monitor manufacturers would settle on a single standard. Thanks. I didn't know there were other manufacturers making monitors with DisplayPort inputs. I use mostly NVidia cards and Linux, so I was being genuine about my 'naive' status. My impression was that DisplayPort was dead outside Apple. Does you think it's still up and coming, or is it another Beta/VHS problem? Actually, while he may be a closet Joycean, I think he's indeed an Orthodox religious figure. I've shared some mailing lists with him, and got this impression although I don't recall it being directly discussed. I could be wrong, but your reindeer comments might be more impolite than you intended. > Except, of course, that doesn’t work. The preprocessor > only makes one pass through the file, meaning a macro > can’t call another macro. macro.c: #include #define LOOP(n) for (int i = 0; i Of course macros can call other macros: http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/cppinternals/Macro-Expansion.h... Ignoring his poorly protected macros, and taking nothing away from Lisp, am I missing some subtle point he's making, or is the author just flat out wrong here? I think he's just wrong, and this makes it hard for me to even read the rest of his argument. I do consider myself a hacker, but don't feel any urge to explore the nooks and crannies of this site. I've downloaded and skimmed the Arc code for it, but don't feel any urge to check out all the links. I do fix my car (and my washing machine) but don't have an urge to modify them. Partly it's a "time in the day" problem, and partly a lack of generalization. I'm more interested in learning the structure of things than the specifics of any particular implementation. I guess some people, including you, put equal emphasis on both. ps. It's odd that you ask if those who down-vote are "lashing out" but presume that those who up-vote agree with you. I voted for this, not out of agreement, but because it's a valid viewpoint, well-expressed, a starting point for discussion, and the sort of post I want to encourage. I presume you are right, but this doesn't inspire confidence in the system. Of course it's not the same trial: if you have a weak effect, it's better to modify a superficial variable and start the trial again. Why try to climb out of the hole when you can roll the dice again? Do this 20 times and you might stumble on something statistically significant. From a 'true science' perspective, the right thing to do is to carry the trial through to conclusion and publish the negative results. But it's hard to make a living doing this. 2000 and 5000 IU are quite common and can be bought at any US pharmacy and many grocery stores. It looks like 10000 to 50000 IU pills are easily available online: http://www.amazon.com/s/?url=index%3Dblended&keywords=vi... For what it's worth, I supplement using the 5000 IU pills taken at about 7/week (irregularly, making up doses as necessary). I recently had my blood tested for D3 levels, and found it was close to but not exceeding the standard recommended level. Yes, it's not that the drug companies are actually running trials and random hoping for spurious correlations, but that the traditional measures of statistical significance can't be used in cases where trials might be stopped early. Even inspecting the results midway through a trial to see if the effect is being shown is problematic. Yes, the deviation from expectation really needs to be looked at. The problem is that the financial reward for the companies might be greater to just 'move on' and never publish those unexpectedly negative results. But this means that the unexpectedly positive results for the next test are given undue weight. I don't think the problem is really the science, or the publishers, or the drug companies, but the unrealistic weight placed on erroneously calculated statistics. This combined with a lot of money at stake forces the companies to "produce results" whether or not this is of long term public benefit. Do you have a link for the "painted blue" reference? I agree with your explanation, but had never heard that particular phrasing and was intrigued by it. But searching on Google for things like 'expand ansi macro "painted blue"' returns only your comment and a scraped spam site of someone answering a similar question. > Do I have a mental illness? Yes, if you want to kill yourself you are "mentally ill". But as you are aware, mental illness is not defined by right and wrong, by rationality and irrationality, but rather by normality and abnormality. If you are unable to conform to societal norms without suicidal ideation, then with respect to society you are unquestionably "mentally ill". Michel Foucault's "Madness and Civilization" isn't exactly on point, but might be encouraging reading if you fear the label. So "mental illness" isn't really the point. But are you right? About the world, probably. It is not the way you want it to be. It certainly doesn't seem simple, happy and loving to me. Is suicide the answer? It depends on the question. If the question is "Would killing yourself make the world more like you want it to be?", I'd have to think the answer is 'No.'. Beyond that, I confess to being stuck at about the same point you are. Earnest Becker's "The Denial of Death" is an attempt to answer such questions honestly: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Denial_of_Death Nice presentation, thanks! Sorry it's not getting the traction it deserves. Maybe people have 'moved on'. A couple possibly interesting followups: 1) If one was to use the Google Toolbar, would it send similar data? 2) Are links to and from https pages tracked any differently? > Why did you even upload it on CPAN if you don't even > care if anybody is going to use it? Possibly out of self-interested generosity. They hope that others will benefit from it, they hope that they will receive bug-fixes, and they hope that it will be used as a starting point for something better. And they hope that by setting an example of releasing code, that they in turn might gain access to that "something better". I think you've provided excellent reasons to prefer one module over another if there are alternatives, but I'm not sure why they are directed at the hypothetical author rather than the potential user. Let's flip it around: why should the author care if you use his code? Is it better that the unmaintained code remain unreleased, or is it better to have it out there? I don't see why the author would care if you use it unless you are capable of contributing to it in some way. And I'd argue it's better to have it out there than unpublished, but that CPAN could do a better job of distinguishing between active and inactive code in the case that there are better alternatives available. It's the traditional American typewriter standard, which carried over into some text editors: http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/manual/html_node/emacs/Sen... This article bothers me in that it doesn't seem to distinguish between the formatting of the text and the final appearance. It's as if one was to decry "emphasis should be added with italics rather than asterisks!" Whence this the tyranny of WYSIWIG? I use two spaces after sentences because it allows my antiquated but efficient text editor to distinguish sentence endings from abbreviations. When I hit meta-k, it kills what I want. I suppose a sufficiently fuzzy AI could figure it out, but I'd probably prefer the explicit control. I trust that when printed it will be adjusted. Browsers usually collapse these spaces down to one, and any typesetting program will realize that all spaces don't have to be the same width. Shouldn't the tirade be directed against the software rather than the user? Are we at least allowed to continue to use two newlines after a paragraph or must we now avoid that too out of fear of excess vspace? It's a show of thanks for taking the trouble to give a solid answer backed by facts. Just as bad memes are publicly swatted down, good work (even small) should be praised to set an example for others. Goldacre is great, but don't disparage Gates as not having a relevant background. He's a really smart guy, has been involved in vaccination efforts for a long time, is known for trying to spend money effectively, and has pledged to spend $10 Billion dollars on childrens' vaccinations in the next decade. He's being quoted here as an expert and not a celebrity. Wow, I hadn't realized that. Yes, that's true: the US as a whole has about twice the population density as Scandinavia. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Area_and_population_of_European... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_populati... This makes Sweden, Norway and Finland roughly comparable in density to Colorado, Maine, and Oregon, which we tend to think of as relatively spacious states. By contrast, each is about the size of California, which has 5-6x the population density. It's likely that many people have flagged it as offtopic, which offsets the positive votes. I think it's a fine article, and would be happy to run across it elsewhere, but flagged it in an attempt to keep HN more focussed. I mean no offense by this, but am getting scared by how many front page articles right now have no specific hacker content. Ironically, I find your self-declared offtopic comment more on topic. I'm not sure this is a good question. If significantly more people vote it up than flag it, and PG doesn't specifically ban it, it's Hacker News material. Personally, I thought it was an astonishing article that I was happy to read, but flagged it for fear that HN is starting to lose focus. I think the right question is how votes and flags should be weighed. While this might be a good business plan, this isn't what they say they do: https://help.squareup.com/customer/portal/articles/11866-whe... I've only done a few transactions with Square, and none took 30 days. Do you have experience to the contrary? Malice and incompetence seem like too narrow of a spectrum. I voted it down because I found it unhelpful for the purpose of further discussion. Saying "there is no quit" strikes me as pap, and merely a meme friendly way of saying that self-doubt is never productive. As someone feeling trapped in a business and searching for meaning and purpose, I preferred that top billing on the page be elsewhere. What do you particularly like about this response that makes you think that no one would intentionally vote it down? Resurrecting: ----------------- 2 points by agiletortoise 1 hour ago | link [dead] I expect they are. In retrospect, I should have asked first. It something like going to a dinner party and having the host throw you out for placing your fork to the left of the plate, because they put them on the right at their house. Runs contrary to expectations. --agiletortoise ----------------- This doesn't look offensive to me, so I presume it's a glitch. It would be ironic if it was killed because of the signature at the end in violation of local norms. :) I have no trouble voting that one up. Thanks! Do you have a sense of how Redis fares in a similar test? I realize there are lots of differences, but I'd be interested in comparison with the same test set, both to see performance drop off as memory fills, and to compare efficiency of memory usage. While MongoDB does this, I don't think that Redis takes this approach. In theory, it manages the memory itself, reading from disk into its own cache. In practice, I worry that it might end up competing with the system, leading to "full memory" like conditions far before memory is actually exhausted. Thus my interest in how it performs in a simple real life test like this. You may be right for a small subset of VC funded companies, but finding myself in a similar position to the author, I find your statements rather insulting. Yes, it discourages people from starting companies, and I think this may be a good thing. Is your contention that the foreclosure of his home is not a big deal? Have you been through this, or are you repeating what you've read? I have great worry that trying to start a business in the US is the largest mistake that I've ever made, and think I have legitimate fear that if it fails, there will be no legal way to recover. Suggestions for how others should avoid this position would be useful, but blanket statements that say that it really isn't a big deal aren't that helpful. I didn't downvote, so I'm not sure, but I'd guess it's mostly because of the odd formatting. It's difficult to tell what you are quoting, and what you are adding. I wouldn't take offense. Checking http://news.ycombinator.com/formatdoc might help for the future. His particular question reads fine as "Is it so hard to" without referring to who feels that way. If he genuinely wanted a response, he could be inclusive with "Is it so hard for us to". "Fanboys" is not taboo, but is insulting and unlikely to obtain a friendly response. "Fans of Apple" is probably a better neutral term. But like the original author, I wonder if you are actually asking a question. Are you? I like the idea of this article, but I'm not sure that he chose a very good example. He's gone from showing a fragile run-time solution in C, to a slightly clunky compile-time approach in C++. But if this is the whole goal, why not just create a separate function for each of the three pixel types in C? For me, the interesting example would be showing how elegantly one can do the run-time solution in C++. In C, I'd probably give the structs a common header and add a rasterize function pointer called from a common loop. What's a more elegant way to do it in C++? [edit: The author does point out elsewhere that in this case he really does want a compile-time solution, although I'm not sure I understand his reasoning: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/fzwlh/for_c_pro... ] I think it's a fine idea, and certainly it wouldn't hurt to start collecting opt-in's. While the 'serendipity' argument is frequently presented, I think this is just a matter of coming up with a better recommendation algorithm. This proposal is already on the "Feature Requests" thread linked from the bottom of each page. It's a pretty low traffic thread, so even a few votes might help to make it happen: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1878800 This is a stunning article, which deserves a close reading if you are advertising online and paying per click. If you've wondered why some of the clicks you've paid for seem to come from very unlikely sources, you might have an answer. In this scheme, a 'fraudulent' site buys traffic from a 'legitimate' one in the form of a popup or popunder. In some way they get a page opened that they have control over. This page includes a number of invisible iframes, each of which loads a URL for an innocent looking parked domain that belongs to an ad network. So far no one has been defrauded. But instead of just loading and not displaying that ad-laden page parked page, the site redirects the user's browser to act as if it has clicked on one of those ads. The results of this click are never seen by the user, as it's in a hidden iframe, but the contents are delivered to the user's browser. From an IP and HTTP header analysis it looks a lot like a real user had clicked on the ad. The owner of the parked domains then collects a few cents per click, or really, per redirect. And it's very hard for the ad network to realize that they've been had. As Panos points out, they might not even look too hard, since they're making more per fraudulent click than the scammer. And the advertiser would have to go pretty deep to figure out that the click was fake, since the content was actually delivered to a legitimate user, just not one who ever actually saw the ad. We have a Panasonic BluRay player at home that gets used quite a lot. Almost every evening it gets used by someone to watch streaming videos from Netflix or Amazon Prime using the built in network interface. Once or twice a week, it also gets used to play standard DVD's from Netflix, and a couple times since getting it we've even found something we want to watch on actual BluRay. (Translation: BluRay disks aren't going to take over, but the additional features of the devices are a bulkhead for streaming media in the living room.) While I understand that this is the current plan, what is the guarantee that this plan will not be changed? Is this a technical limit, or a social one? Just give it to him already. Ask him to pay shipping, and bask in the good deed while you wait for your new machine. Rather than asking him to part with a small amount of money he probably can't really afford and you likely don't really need, tell him to pass the favor on to someone else someday. It's a generous offer in either case, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. I just wanted to point out that without some price guidance, it can awkward telling someone how much you can afford to pay for fear that they will consider the low number insulting. I think explicitly telling him that you will do it for free but asking for money if he can afford it is a great compromise. Good on you! I'm not seeing this a problem with C, but perhaps I misunderstand. Your goal is avoid including anything executable in the page. The filtered result is only larger than the input if you need the ability to faithfully quote the potentially malicious code. In this particular contrived example, you could "just" strip it out and make it shorter, or even error out if you see anything suspicious. Which is to say it's only a problem if you are doing it by hand on a per field basis. Which leads to your next point: > Maybe you can do an arena for each connection, so it's: > char *hsafe(request_t *r, char *str) > But that's still sort of painful. This is only painful if you are doing it by hand every time you use the parameter. If the framework handles it for you, so that you always get the sanitized result, it strikes me as no different than any other language. r->param("input"); // presanitized, lazily created, pooled in r r->param_raw("input"); // if you want to live dangerously Why is this worse in straight C than in something like Python that is doing the same thing but with an interpreted layer between you and the C? Yes, if it was done in the framework, you'd want to have the sanitizing and allocation happen seamlessly, and you'd want the memory management to be simple as well. My confusion was why this strikes you as a significant difficulty for a framework author to set up. Certainly it's harder if you decide that you are going to work from the ground up in straight ANSI C, but there's lots of good pool memory allocators out there. I'd either use one I had laying around, or just link in the one from the Apache Portable Runtime: http://apr.apache.org/docs/apr/1.4/group__apr__pools.html The framework author could easily hide this behind the scenes, so that the user would find the string creation and destruction just as seamless as in Perl or Python. Use it and forget it, and the pool would be freed along with the Request. Thus my question, and my confusion, was why you finished with "But that's still sort of painful." Judging by his blog ( http://benlynn.blogspot.com/ ) it looks like he has considerable affection for many languages beyond C. And I think you may have misinterpreted his comparison with Fortran: rather than showing how handily C beats Fortran (fish in a barrel), he seems to be saying that even with some C99 improvements, there still are places where Fortran has the advantage (refreshingly heretical). It's definitely not a piece for beginners, but I think it may be a more balanced picture than you present. That's certainly a fair question. I think he probably wrote it mostly for himself: a CS graduate who fell hard for some modern languages and then later realized that neither OO or functional has all the answers. Like someone raised in a strict religious household who's always had his doubts about the faith, he finally feels confident in expressing his true feelings, and maybe gets a little carried away. I like it though. The quotes are great. I searched for some of the phrases on Google to try to find the source, but found nothing. Can you submit the original so we can read more? If the other sections are as good as this one promises to be, I'm sure you'll find a lot of willing readers. My email is in my profile if you want to send me something to proofread. Seems like a great project. I see you are a fast learner as to what sort of comments are appreciated here. You two comments are like the before and after photos for a fad diet plan. Thanks for clarifying, and welcome to HN! I'd add an alternative: #3: Suggest items that they are likely to really love. This is subtly different than predicting what the user is most likely to like. To optimize with RMSE scoring, you are better off suggesting a sure "4" than a risky "5". For buying an expensive item like a car or a stereo, the safe bet might be a good approach. But for books, music, or movies --- easily sampled, one of a series --- I'd be much more excited by a system that can predict A+ items with even 25% probability than one that offers up straight B items with 80% consistency. There are some Mexican bus lines that do this route, and while their terminals aren't in great locations, they aren't shady. No on-board Wifi or anything, but the experience is usually more pleasant than Greyhound. Check out http://www.eplalimo.com/ The forward footnote from the 1978 paper to "Theory capital and travel light-than-faster (Krugman 1987)" is delightful. I hope he remembered to write it! While I'm sure there are users who find it useful, this is not the primary reason for it's presence here. Scribd is a YC funded startup, and as such as actively promoted on Hacker News: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1124940 I respect this choice, and find the Scribd technology to be slick, but I do not like the business model of framing other people's content after submission by a 3rd party and then requiring signup to view the captured original. I'm in this camp as well: keep it for a while and see how we adjust. My initial reaction was negative. I found it harder to scan a long page of comments quickly. And I'm not sure why, but I also found that I'm more resistant to vote, either positively or negatively. Maybe because the site feels more static. The one fix I would suggest is that having the arrows disappear after voting does not feel fulfilling. It feels like my vote has been lost. Switching to displaying the darkened arrow that I chose would feel better. Or, if more voting was thought to be a good thing, you could display the vote count only afterward. I think I'd be more inclined to vote if there was some sort of 'reward' for the action. The previous reward was seeing the number change in whatever direction I wanted to move it, but receiving information about others would probably work too. It's embarrassing to make the claim, but I think I have a solution worth trying regarding the display of scores. 1) Revert to showing scores for top level comments. This will allow people to know whether the top-of-page responses are well-liked by the community, and how fast this approval drops off as one scans down the page. It will also privilege top level comments, subtly discouraging people from pinning their answer to the current top-of-page comment when it's not really a reply. 2) Keep hiding scores for replies (as it is now). This seems to be increasing civility, and discouraging quick quips. It might even make sense to discount the points internally, giving yet more emphasis to the top level. This emphasis is important because the top level dictates the overall position on the page (things move as blocks). Hiding the response points will also encourage people to vote up threads as a whole, which helps with the case of useful questions which lead to good answers. 3) Now that top-level is emphasized, add a 'fold' to the page. But instead of basing it on number of comments, cut off at a negative point level. As they currently do, downvoted items will migrate toward the bottom, becoming fainter as they go negative. But rather than eventually displaying a fixed negative number (-4), just put it below the fold and only visible with a 'show all' link. This will discourage trolling and piling on, as once a comment is below the fold it's unlikely to attract many additional viewers. And it will encourage others to 'clean up the page' if they feel their vote will have a clear consequence. Starting to fade at 0 and folding at -4 seems like a good start, but one could also fold earlier or even bring new unvoted comments in mid-fade. I think this hybridized approach would be easy to try and has advantages over both individual systems. Thanks! I know neither you nor Andy in person. But from reading Andy online, I get the impression that he is bright, talented, and kind. From reading you, I get the impression of someone bright, talented, and immature. I value your technical contributions here, but at times fear your overall impact on the site. Banning you from a project is not hypocritical on his part -- it's exactly what he's talking about. He feels, rightly or wrongly, that it's better to remove the source of incivility than to put up with it. You've got a lot of obvious talent and knowledge, but yes, Andy might be a good role model for civil interactions. No, I don't care for iPads either. My fear is that HN is a wonderful but fragile community. You offer a mix of knowledge and irreverence (I'm pretty sure I vote you up here more than I vote you down), but those who see you winning attention for snide but insightful comments are more likely to copy the snideness than the insight. I like that civil public discussion is still possible here, and want to keep it that way. While appealingly efficient, I don't think this is sound practice. "In the margin of error" does not mean that it's a 50/50 tossup. But you're usually pretty accurate, so what am I missing? OK, that seems reasonable as long as one is certain that it's 49.9999% rather than a loose standard of "pretty close". What you wouldn't want is to make possible for the clear loser in a 48% - 52% race to demand a coin toss. Or maybe you do: by the precepts of your argument, maybe that would be fine. I'm uneasy with the random approach suggested by the article for fear that a truly crazy candidate might win the lottery, but I'd be good with having all the candidates above some large baseline (say, 30% of the vote) get a proportional shot at the win. I think I'd probably want it to be proportional to the counted share even if there is a margin of error, though. A "rainbow table" works in a somewhat similar manner, but is based on doing a full calculation then saving only certain starting points. I think what they are doing is actually more like creating a regular expression that matches all words a particular Levenshtein distance from the target. Here's more about what how they are doing it: http://blog.notdot.net/2010/07/Damn-Cool-Algorithms-Levensht... This article has a very good overview of the options: http://stevehanov.ca/blog/index.php?id=114 What do you gain by not giving an answer? What do you stand to lose? What do we lose by not hearing your answer? What might we gain? Your call, of course. I fear you're digging yourself deeper by creating multiple new accounts and threatening to sabotage the site. No, it's not great that you've wasted your time. And some of your comments were excellent: there's some good technical insight, and there was at least one pre-ban comment on music that I voted up. On the other hand, there are a couple of your dead comments that I would have flagged had they been visible: 'And this this why the majority of people on HN (and other elitist "communities") are shortsighted, closed minded, and generally mildly retarded.' 'Don't get me wrong, brawn+brains wins over just brains (take me for example ;D) and women might even say that's what they want - but any man with experience knows that at least 90% of the time what comes out of a woman's mouth isn't entirely the truth and has a hidden agenda behind it.' This is not a mode of discourse that is acceptable here. It may work fine for you in real life and other places you frequent on the internet, but it's not fine here. Accepting it here will change the community in a way that I don't want to see it change. This article might offer insight into this approach: http://www.modernperlbooks.com/mt/2011/04/civility-starts-wi... Writing to Paul is a good start, but rather than presuming the system is broken, you might consider instead whether it's worth changing your behavior to fit in here, or whether somewhere else might be a better fit. Whether you agree with it or not, at least consider that the ban might be working as intended. His site, his rules, all that. Why do you feel that paying for downvotes is important? It's possible we're looking at the same problem differently, but I'd be just as excited about limiting the number of upvotes. I feel it's the ratio that matters, not the sheer numbers. PDF with prettier pictures and some sidebars here: http://eands.caltech.edu/articles/Apostol%20Feature.pdf I'd prefer instead that it just be switched to the original title "Nanolaw with Daughter", either with or without the subtitle "Why privacy mattered". While the current title isn't bad, I think it's better to discourage the editorialization of titles, whether by adding tags such as "fiction" or by using catchy excerpts. There is some good level-headed non-dogmatic discussion in this thread. Here's some: http://gcc.gnu.org/ml/gcc/2010-05/msg00757.html As another comment points out, this decision was made a year ago. Any updates on how the transition is going? I searched a little, but found nothing. I did happen across an interesting earlier proposal though: http://www.airs.com/blog/archives/187 My first impression is that this algorithm is going to be much slower than Base64 due to all the branching. This probably won't be visible in Python, but I don't think there's any way to make it really fly when optimized. There are probably cases where this is acceptable, but I'm inclined to think that Base32 is a better choice if larger size is acceptable, and that Base64 with domain appropriate characters is better where performance counts. I'm utterly dumbfounded. Not only does it boot, it's got emacs, and a compiler. Welcome to JS/Linux ~ # emacs test.c ~ # cat test.c void main(void) { printf("Hello World!\n"); } ~ # tcc test.c -o hello ~ # ./hello Hello World! [Edit: just realized that there is already a 'hello.c' in the directory that shows just this with better diction.] This is a good practical article. Maybe it's obvious, but I feel like it's missing one recommendation: weigh the risks and benefits. Are people going to die if the anonymization is broken, or are the consequences relatively minor? Are there ways to reduce the severity of these consequences? To maximize the benefits? I take a bit of issue with Pete's statement that Naryanan's break "gave access to their complete rental histories". Rather, it gave access to slightly munged ratings a for possibly partial subset of the movies included in the dataset. While this is real, it's not quite the same as knowing their entire rental history. To my knowledge, there was no damage done by this exploit: no one was fired because it was likely they loved Brokeback Mountain. By contrast, the Netflix Prize brought about a lot of great research that otherwise might never have been done much less made public. I'm glad the data was released, and the contest held, and I think in retrospect the benefits outweighed the potential risks. I would hate for the conclusion to be that privacy must be upheld above all other factors. I would hate for the outcome to be that no such dataset will ever be released again. Perhaps true for the general case, but not true for people choosing to mine for Bitcoins. An single efficient modern GPU will use most of that 300W by itself when running full out. http://www.bitcoin.org/smf/index.php?topic=7692.0 True. I wasn't arguing for 700W with single card, but felt that 300W sustained might be a bit optimistic if one is aiming for $500 of Bitcoin revenue per month. The OP was offering a conservative estimate, and one could just as well point out that 20 cents/kWhr is also on the high side. Maybe, but overimagination might be worse. Let's keep it concrete. How should Netflix have done things differently? Is there an adequate level of paranoia that would cover all the possible outcomes while still generating as much published original research as it did? My fear is that although (in my opinion) the contest was a stunning success, paranoia will prevent Netflix from ever running such a contest again. Do you feel this is a good thing, necessary to protect the public? I guess the question is whether it's a misnomer or not. I find "Too Long Don't Read" to be a dismissive attitude that I don't want here on HN, so I almost always vote down such comments (yes, including the ancestor here). But I appreciate executive summaries, and frequently vote them up to encourage their creation even if I didn't find the article itself compelling. I realize that "TL;DR" is "just an abbreviation", but parsimony encourages me to conclude that it still connotes the words that it abbreviates and represents an attitude I do not like. Perhaps I'm reading too much into word choice, but in the end, word choice is really what makes the comments here worth reading.