> I think we need to foster a culture of honesty and rigor. Of good science. Which is decidedly different from fostering a culture of "repetition" for its own sake. That is not sufficient. Honesty and rigor is of course required for good science, but it is not sufficient. Even if honesty and rigor you WILL still get false positives. Statistics is used to measure how likely this is. Statistical methods do nothing to tell you if any particular case happens to be a false positive. For many studies a confidence of 95% is considered good enough to publish, but if you do the math that means a honest researcher who publishes 20 such studies has probably published one false result! If there are 20 studies published in a journal statistically one is false. Thus replication is important. It gets worse though, the unexpected is published more often - if it is true it means a major change to our current theories and this is important to published. However our theories have been created and refined over many years, it is somewhat unlikely they are wrong (but not impossible). Or to put it a different way, if I carefully drop big and small rocks off the leaning town of Pisa and measure that the large rock "falls faster" that is more likely to be published than if I found they fell at the same speed. I think most of us would be suspicious of that result, but after examining my "methods and data" will not show any mistake I made. Most science is in areas where wrong results are not so obvious. > It's impossible to re-verify every single paper you read True, but somebody needs to re-verify every paper. It need not be you personally, but someone needs to. Meta-analysis only works if people re-verify every paper. Note that you don't need to do the exact experiment, verifying results with a different experiment design is probably more useful than repeating the exact same experiment: it might by chance remove a design factors that we don't even know we need to account for yet. > And I'm pretty sure literally no scientist takes a paper's own description of its results at face value without reading through methods and looking at (at least) a summary of the data. I hope not, but even if they check out, it doesn't follow that things are correct. Maybe something wasn't calibrated correctly and that wasn't noticed. Maybe there are other random factors nobody knows to account for today. The above all assumes that good science is possible. In medical fields you may only have a few case studies: several different doctors saw different people each with some rare disease, tried some treatment and got some result. There is no control, no blinding, and a sample size of 1. But it is a rare disease so you cannot do better. > There is no reason we should spend extra effort on kids that have that much difficulty learning or hate school that much. The kid isn't likely to come out that much better in the long run. Source needed if you want to make that a fact... I disagree. While I want to best students to get help to be better (they are the ones who can handled difficult but important fields, and can make the next breakthroughs to make my life better), I also do not want to be supporting the worst students in Prison or Welfare, as both are a drain on society. I'm willing to accept the kids with Downs syndrome (to name just one) will never have the mental capacity to amount to much, the next level up can at least support themselves if we give them help. Low skill manufacturing jobs are gone and they will not come back. Robots are too cheap (even in places like China or India where labor is much cheaper than the US robots can still out compete humans for some tasks). The only chance those below average kids have is if we give them enough education now that they can handle a the simpler tasks that require a brain. Science fiction can tackle the problem of what do we do when AI is "smarter" than humans. It is an interesting problem. The reality for the next half lifetime at least is AI will not be able to beat humans in many of the jobs that require an education. Thus I want everyone who could get an education to get one. Unemployment is highest amount the young. Sounds to me like companies are screwing themselves by not hiring the young before the old people retire so that there is a continual pool of people to replace those that retire. This isn't a new thing. the company I'm working for now made that mistake in the 1980's - we were forced to have our first layoffs and for 20 years after almost nobody was hired (our corporate culture is very much based on once you are hired you have a job for life if you want it)... Now there is a plan in place to ensure that a few young people are hired even in the bad years so that retirement doesn't cost too much. It probably does approach 0. The truck is going anyway, most of the cost of a truck is wind resistance so adding more books up to the weight limit is close to zero. Amazon is probably never shipping a single book, they are using analytics to decide if they should ship a case of books. If they think you are 90% likely to buy a book tomorrow but you are the only one who will it isn't worth the risk. If they decide 100 people are 50% likely to buy a book, sending a box of 100 books is a good investment - if 50 people buy tomorrow that implies 40 will buy the next day and 30 the day after and then 45 the next day and so on for a few weeks/months as sales slowly drop to zero. True (for some processors), but if you are doing packaged structs that should imply you have a reason to tell the compiler you know better than it how to write the struct. That most often (in my experience) means the struct is used for data interchange (ie network or files) and so you have to pay that price for byte access because byte access is a requirement. The other time to do that you might do this is when your are memory constrained and so you are willing to pay a runtime cost just to save a couple bytes of precious memory. I have encountered the first often in the real world: networks are very common. I have only seen the latter one 8 bit CPUs (there they are paying a price to access bits not bytes) Bitfields orders are "implementation defined". So you need to ask the vendor of every compiler you support what the compiler does. Once you know what the compilers you support do you can write code specific for them and everything works great. It is only when someone tried a different compiler (including an upgrade of the existing one) that you can run into problems. Non profits have to watch the rules about lobbying. I'd be surprised if Mozilla could do anything usefully. Some MUAs are pretty slow. It isn't hard to do better than a few of the MUAs I've used, and webmail often is better just because more people use them so more optimization has gone into them. I think this is the main one. Webmail often has a really fast pipe to the email storage, which means it can get the headers faster and then extract only the parts it needs. Webmail is not required to use IMAP (though many do) an optimized protocol can offer advantages. Because I have interests other than running my own email server. I am capable of running my own email server. I'm also capable of taking my own garbage to the dump every week. I'm capable of removing my own appendix if that is required (under self administered local anesthesia). I hire those things done because I have better things to do with my time. I got tired of keeping up with the latest anti-spam best practices. I can pay someone $15/month to make the weekly trip to the local dump saving me an hour every week (I believe the dump charges a dumping fee as well which makes the math more in my favor). I can pay someone else to go to medical school thus saving me the time it takes. I would rather play with my kids, and if I can ever get them to sleep I have plenty of other things I enjoy doing. FastMail is a cheap and easy option to email. They provide some services that I value over what free accounts have. It is a compromise, but everything is. I freely admit that I was failing at administering my own email servers: I never did get some anti-spam thing in place so a few domains rejected everything I sent. I got about 100 spam messages in my inbox every day (my filters caught 3 for each they let through). With Fastmail everyone accepts my email, and I get about one spam message a week which I can handle. My tax returns are emailed to me. Even though I have never needed them I'm legally required to save them for 7 years just in case. I have a number of other emails in the old list that I don't expect to ever need again but they are still relevant to something and I need to keep them just in case. Odds are my house will not burn down, but I still have fire insurance - most of my old emails are like that: I don't believe I will ever need them but I can't prove it. At work I've discovered outlook has an expires after tag that I can set on each email - I set this on everything I save which keeps my saved messages clean. I haven't found a convent way to do that with anything else though I understand something like it exists. I've always wanted to try putting a trackball on the floor, I've heard it is great for window selection. (I use focus follow mouse - if you are stuck on something other than a X this may not apply) I don't know of any current computer that will not allow you to plug more than one pointer device into it. Why limit yourself to just one, get them both and see what you use. Some computers even let each device control a separate pointer which might be useful - or might be a big pain. Only you can know what will work for you. If the struct is byte, machine word, byte, machine word there is no way to pull that off. WalMart has experts, but they are already busy current problems. To get into online needs experts who spend their time on the problem - but WalMart cannot afford to let their current experts leave their current jobs or the company would go under. That isn't to say WalMart can't (or shouldn't) transfer some of their experts to Jet, and some Jet experts elsewhere. Just that they cannot afford to lose all their experts in the core business to the online dream. I too expect this to turn out to be a terrible decision, but I've been proven wrong on my expectations before. Reasons like the above is generally why. True, but every time I choose that option Amazon takes a week before they even ship anything. (it then arrives in a few days) Back before prime everything I ordered from Amazon shipped next day, or I got an out of stock email and the rest shipped the next day and arrived in a few days. Sure free shipping was advertised as whenever, but the reality was free shipping used to mean about a week not it means 2 weeks to a month. This is a massive loss in satisfaction. There are many things that waiting a week is acceptable, but two weeks is beyond what I'm able to plan in advance for. I have never ordered enough from amazon to make prime worth considering. The troubles I've had lately mean I just assume Amazon won't ship in time and so once I see something on amazon that I think I want I look to see who else sells it. I'll pay $.50 extra to have it shipped the next day. > I guess the question is, if we pretend the technology, on it's own merit, was attempted within say, the US, would it work out? Where in the US? Most cities have power/phone/cable wires crossing the street somewhat randomly. There are also bridges that this won't get under. There are also stoplight and signs that hang over the roadway. You can probably find a newish quiet residential neighborhood in the suburbs without all that in the way. However traffic is generally not a concern in those places. Thus I'm going to say even if technically it works perfectly, and turns out to be a great idea with no other concerns it will be many years before cities redesign themselves enough to make it work. I can see a city like Las Vagas putting something like this on the strip as a publicity stunt. It would only go a couple miles, but it is feasible to rebuild a few miles of street to make it work. Assuming the above, it is feasible. You time the cross streets signals so that there is no cross traffic. Cars can drive under it no problem. There needs to be something to ensure cars don't turn into a tire, but seems solvable. If we just assuming running one back and forth down the street it is easy. If you want to run more than one you need to handle turn around with no traffic - this thing will need more room to turn, but since it is a dedicated line you can close a low traffic intersection for that (or since it is on rails just go up and over - maybe around a block... lots of options) Of course once you look at the above you say "it can be done, but I think there are more conventional alternatives that make more sense." I think the for anything where this makes sense a monorail is better: known technology, and since it isn't at ground level there is no safety issues. Even we assume you solve the engineering and cost issues, I don't think it is a good idea. Irrigation systems are used where there isn't enough rain. Those corner areas that do not get irrigation absorb rain into the aquifer which can be drawn out latter. The aquifers are shrinking in areas with irrigation systems and this is a concern for farmers who are looking for ways to mitigate this issue. They know that if they don't solve the problem now in a few years they will be forced to take extreme measures. (some farmers already plant their irrigated fields one year out of 3) Relevant links that are probably more informative (or the current status quo, not this issue). Current court cases are the opposite of this. http://hlrecord.org/2015/02/pulled-over-for-copying-u-s-fede... From what I can tell this is consistent with current precedent already in case law. The law cannot be copyright Peter Veeck v. Southern Building Code Congress is the most closely relevant, but case law back to 1834 supports this. Note that the courts hold the law cannot be copyright. Thus I cannot publish the original code that the city used. I can only publish it terms of the building code for that city. I cannot publish, for example, the authors name because who wrote the original is not part of the law. Those wrote that write the code typically will have lots of engineering notes that are not part of the law, and these are valuable to people reading the code. That is what the code writers want. The court system currently holds differently though, so today you can legally copy the cities version for cost, and make further copies. The counter argument is this: It takes a lot of time to figure out what the code should be. Is a 1cm by 1cm board strong enough to hold up a building, what about a 60cm by 60 cm board? Obviously the first is not, while the second is way overkill and a waste of money (I haven't done any calculations on this so I might be wrong!). Someone needs to figure out the properties of building materials and the right margin of safety. That is generally engineers who want to eat so we have to pay them. Thus it costs a lot of money to write a good code. If you can copy their work for free nobody will do that work - you need to eat so you won't have time after your day job to check and recheck everything even if you wanted to. The problem is this: in a free copy world once someone pays for this work everyone else is free to copy it. So if Chicago pays for it, New York City is free to just copy Chicago's law and save all the money of paying someone to do this themselves. This is obviously unfair to Chicago who put a lot of money into it. (Chicago and New York might agree to share the costs, but there are a lot of small towns that will not) What code publishers want to do is privately put the money in to write a good code, get the cities to make it law, and then charge for copies. This business model works, and is fair: you buy the code if you want it (and $75 for the book it isn't that unreasonable a price to pay either if you need it). The city gets a copy in their library so if you don't want your own copy just read when city offices are open. It isn't a bad deal. (do not read the above as my approval of it, I'm just stating the argument) > Another question is...why do we need representatives at the city level? Can we not design a system to allow citizens to govern themselves? Like what? There are still some cities in the US that are a true democracy. What ends up happening is a bunch of old men show up once a week to make the laws (young and the women are not prohibited, but they rarely show up). The above is already bad enough, but it gets worse. If you want the city to do something you get a bunch of your friends to show up on the night that will be discussed. That night you dominate the meeting and your issue wins. The next week the old men have to figure out how to pay for it. A real city console at least has to balance the effects of a tax increase (they might lose their job next election) with the benefits of all their ideas. The only thing I know of that works is to have such a sparse population that you don't need a government. Of course you also don't have civilization. > At some point cars are so old and worn down that you're going to have to replace something every few months, and the maintenance costs explode – sure, you can completely refurbish the car, if you want to, but that's easily in the magnitude of a new car. I half agree. You are correct that cars will eventually wear out, but not in 150,000 miles. Most cars today can go over 300,000 miles with basic maintenance. The original post stated the car needed $3000 work of work, which seems reasonable. If he had put that money into the car that repair would be good for another 150,000 miles - before he does it again. Now we have to assume another $3,000 (number pulled out of me head, but it seems reasonable) in other maintenance alone the way. So for $6,000 more he could have a car with 300,000 miles on it. What did the new car cost? If we assume that he got the full $4,000 value on trade in (seems unlikely, but dealers often will not consider overdue maintenance in trade in value) plus the $3,000 he needed to pay, plus the $3,000 that the old car would need in maintenance, minus $1,000 for maintenance on the new car we can suggest that $10,000 comes off that price. Did he make a bad decision? You need to decide which of my numbers above are valid before you can answer it. It is quite likely that buying a used off-lease car with 30,000 miles on it and trading it in after 100,000 miles is probably the cheapest option in the current market. BTW, the dealer taking the trade-in above is not stupid. He isn't going to fix the car. He is going to ship it to Mexico, sell it for $4,200 with the note that it needs some work done. The buyer in Mexico has just saved up $4,500 for a car (this took a while) and he will do the work himself. (Even if he paid someone to do the work the cost would be much less than our $3,000 figure above) Two obvious things: Weight and balance is critical for airplanes. You can design the bricks, but you can't stick them together in any combination because a brick that will hold the tail wings for a 400 passenger plane is too heavy for a 100 passenger plane: the plane will not balance right and always be in nose up stall. Also, there are not enough airplanes made. Even if the bricks idea can work, we still wouldn't make enough to give it significant enough economics of scale. My kids (1 and 3) just love to help me exercise. "Bench press" the 1 year old while "kicking" my legs with the 3 year old hanging on. Be sure to turn them upside down and back. Be sure they "hit" each other. It is not a bad exercise and combines play time. I've found that a double jogging stroller is a great investment (look for them used), go for a walk, then the kid is tired they get in and then the walk can speed up. Sometimes the kids are asleep when I get back. A mechanical gear transmission is more efficient than a generator and motor. Can you make up that difference? For trains nobody has the ability to make the required parts of that size (this might be in part that you can't fit them in the space required - I think you could build the machine to make them if you wanted it) It is only with the most recent emissions standards that the losses from non-optimal RPM is a significant factor and the generator/motor is better. 50%? That is only in the worst case of stop and go traffic. The volt and pirus are a small aerodynamic cars. They would get in the upper 30mpg range with a traditional power train. On the highway they could get better mpg with the right traditional power train (0-60 times would be in the 20 second range - there are obvious reason nobody does this). That hybrid system is just extra weight once the battery is exhausted so you need a slightly bigger engine to haul it around on pure highway driving. Don't get me wrong, hybrid makes sense for most people. However it isn't that the system is more efficient for everything, it is that for the way most people [want to] drive it pulls in enough advantages to be worth the negatives. >I think they do help. For constant dollars, each study has to balance the detail of the data captured against the size of the population included. Anything that allows more detailed data to be gathered from a larger population is helpful. Not exactly because we don't know all the factors to control for. You end up with a bunch of correlations but often it isn't clear why. Are people who eat X foods Y because they eat that, or because the common genetic background of people who eat X are Y? Or maybe it is because before they were born their parents did Z? High, which is why I cook: To get the same quality as I can make myself costs a minimum of 5 times at much in a restaurant. I'm not the best cook in the world by any means, it is just that most "restaurants" serve flavorless garbage for cheap and I won't eat that. Once you decide that quality actually is a factor the economics change. A also believe that healthy meals can potentially increase my lifespan and quality of life within that lifespan. (I don't know if science backs this up). When I cook for myself I'm assured that cheap by unhealthy foods are not hidden in my meals - even the most expensive restaurants won't do that. (Trans fats and excess salt are two examples) > I doubt that the $3000 would have covered all necessary refurbishments to last every single component another 150,000 miles. Small bits here, small bits there accumulate over time (and have even higher labour cost overhead than refurbishing everything in one go). Depends on the car. I have 240,000 on my car, and so far the 150,000->300,000 jump is on track for about that. Tires for $500, Some AC work for $500, some brake work for $500. (I did a bunch of work myself, lets call if $500 for radiator hoses) There are some scratches that I'm ignoring but they are cosmetic. If you want to keep your car like new it will cost a lot more, but if you accept imperfections that do not hurt functionality the costs are lower. Note, I'm assuming a good, honest mechanic. I had one quote me $4000, but the second opinion came in at $500 for the sensor and the brakes which is why the brakes were so high above - I didn't mention the other work done at the same time. If you are relying on anything alone you are a fool. If you are not using the above as part of your solution you are a fool. Each of the above will consistently find certain types of errors. The above tools do not "let their mind wonder", get bored, or any of the other things that happen to humans. When you as a human find an error it is worth asking if you can modify one of the above tools to find that class of errors so that you can be sure all cases were caught. Unfortunately most of the time we cannot yet (generally because the number of false positives is too high - I'm hoping for research to improve this) Brick is not used in England because of cost or strength. Brick is used because historically London has burned down completely leaving many people homeless. Brick ensures that a fire will not spread from one hour to another. When you build a densely packed city it makes perfect sense to use fireproof material at any cost. When your houses are spread farther apart you rely your neighbor's house fire not taking your house down so flammable building materials is much less risk. In fact brick is NOT always as strong as wood! Brick is stronger under compression, and it feels harder, but under tension brick is much weaker than wood. Maybe you [and everyone who thinks like you] lacks taste... Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You like one better than the other, I like the other better than the one. There is no right or wrong. God is not going to send lightening down on you for the wrong home design. (no matter which god you pick) An engineering I can look at a design and construction method and objectively state that one is better than the other - but there is no reason the "ugly house" cannot come out better. > Many engine builders won't touch this That depends on how popular rebuilds are. If this design proves out many engines will go to this and then a rebuilder who refuses to touch this design won't be in the business anymore. If this design takes 1/10th of a second off lap times rebuilders will quickly not work on anything else, even if for every other application this engine is junk. (in most other applications the engine will outlast the car without a rebuild) When S&P announces results of the S&P 500 it is for fictional stocks: they don't have a fund of their own. They just say that if had bought these 500 stocks in 1957, and traced only on the dates that the dates/prices the index did you would have so much. This is impossible to do though (expect for the smallest investors), the very act of trading a stock changes the price. Most mutual funds have enough stock that they have to consider the effect of their trade on the price of the stock: if they want to invest in a company it is done over weeks and months to ensure the price doesn't change just as a result of their actions. A simple example: lets say company X and Y are both on the index and they decide to merge one company X on such an such a date. In order to keep 500 stocks in the index S&P has to choose something to replacement. You don't have to be very smart to see that X and Y are in talks about merging months in advance. It isn't hard to figure that the stock S&P chooses will be one of a few: Buy a bunch of them each at today's prices. When the merge happens all those index funds now buy the replacement stock which drives the price up, you have shares at an inflated price to sell to those funds. (You have figure out when to sell the stocks that were not added - but S&P is unlikely to add a bad stock so as an investment these are likely to do okay). This is easy if the index funds try to hold exactly what the S&P 500 has in it. Because of the above index funds promise to mirror the S&P500 results, but not the actual stocks. It is easy to say mirror results, it is much harder to pull that off, even if we ignore those above who are trying to cheat you, index funds tend to be the largest funds (because they do so well they are popular!) which means most of your trades will affect the price of the stock. There is a lot more involved (much of it that I don't know), but the above is a simple example that will get you on the right track of thinking. I always tell anyone thinking about retirement: buy a safe annuity that will cover all your income needs before you retire. That way you will never outlive the money you need to survive. You can [probably should!] keep the rest of your money in more aggressive investments, but since you don't know how long you will live you should insure that you will have enough to live on for the rest of your life. If you can't afford such an annuity you can't afford to retire. No they could not, this study doesn't pass the smell test. It appears to me that they looking at daily usage and saying that 90% of the cars on the road are not making long trips on any given day - which is believable (actually this seems small which makes me suspect their numbers are by mile). However if you use your car for a longer trip just once you cannot replace it with an electric car. You can argue that you can rent a car for those rare road trips - but economically (but not environmentally) you only have to make a couple such trips a year to make it better to own the non-electric. If they said that electric cars can replace something in the range of 30-60% of the cars I might believe it. A typical two+ car family can easily use the electric car for daily trips, and the conventional car for both daily and the rare long trips. Note that I can only see the summary in the article, not the research. I have to guess at where they are wrong, but the fact remains their claim doesn't pass the smell test. It is very common for news to make the researchers look like idiots for ignoring the obvious when in fact the real paper does not. It is always the managers fault: they hired bad people, and didn't train them. Or maybe they setup bad expectations (doesn't mater if the people are good or bad). Their job is to know how to hire the right people and get the best out of them. Note, the engineers have an ethical responsibility to not be bad. However bad is sometimes creating perfect code when something else is called for. A house is an investment. It isn't a liquid investment which is something to consider. A house as an investment only pays off after a long term: if you live in the house for 30 years (doesn't have to be the same house, though trading will change the time), you have your mortgage paid off. Suddenly your monthly rent goes to near zero (only taxes and maintenance to pay) Better yet, odds are you are nearing a different phase of life (kids living on their own) and you don't need as much house so you can downsize and apply the difference to your retirement plans. (or if you decide the house is where you want to live for life a reverse mortgage might make sense - though this area is full of scams) Note that real estate is very much about location location location. There are places and times where the difference between rent and a house payment is significant and it isn't always in favor of either one. Also comparing renting and buying is NEVER an apples to apples comparison: owning vs renting nearly forces different life styles. Renting typically means you get a much smaller place for less money which means you have less room to have fun at home, but more money to enjoy the time on the town. Buying typically means a larger place to fill with the type of things you like to do with your small family. This lifestyle factor is very important, and not one that you can put a monetary value on Just on groceries that is a free flight every couple years. Of course I also buy clothing, phone bill, car repairs, birthday presents... In short, I charge almost everything. I'm going for the 1% cash back not the points, but to me it seems normal to be getting back more than $100 every year. Note that I do not carry a balance. Everything in that list is something I do anyway, and I have the cash sitting in my back account (so I should probably add another buck to the $100 above for interest in my bank accounts) Note that you have to be able to control yourself. If you ever carry a balance the math fails. I know of many jobs where you can get that high. Most of them are soul sucking jobs calculating mind numbing numbers for insurance companies. Google is likely to have interesting jobs where you can get that high which would be big. What part of not liquid investment do you not understand. There is a rate of return on the house, it is just hard to realize. Don't forget to subtract what you would have paid for rent over that time period from the cost of the house payment (plus maintenance): there is your real return, it isn't that I pay $300,000 over 30 years for a $100,000 house that is now worth $315,000. It is that I paid $500/month - minus $300/month rent = $200/month or $72000 for an investment worth $315,000. Of course all the numbers above are subject to debate. I used a 4% yearly price increase for the house, I didn't factor in rent increases (though I should). You will be hard pressed to find a good house for $100,000 today, but you also won't find a place to rent for $300/month. Again, a house is a poor only investment. However as part of a consider portfolio it can be great for some. For what purpose? I consider human like robots a publicity stunt that will never catch on. (sex is probably the exception that proves my rule). I don't have any interest in a human like robot. Robots need to serve a purpose. I want a robot to do my laundry, vacuum (current offerings leave much to be desired), dishes - in short a domestic servant. I can branch out to yard work, driving... Human realistic isn't of interest, I want the jobs done, and that is where the market it. I can see pets catching on - but even bipedal pets have significant differences from human like. Passing the truing test is a negative - I want to feel superior to my pets. Of course your story is about available on the market. That is different from a market success. I can see them in 20-40 years, but just like the pet rock they are a fad that comes and then ends up in the dump. The above is points to ponder. You are writing fiction. You can reject any as you see fit. If you think I'm wrong about anything you need to consider if your readers will fail to suspend disbelief if you don't explain why I'm wrong. Or maybe I'm right and that lack of demand can be spun to fill the plot hole of why the robots take over. There are endless possibilities. Your universe, your choices: good luck. I have seen people argue that we wasted a lot of money on the space effort, and if we had not allocated so many resources there we could have had smart phones 10 years sooner. Of course you can never know, but it is something to consider. Those semiconductor breakthroughs probably would have happened sooner - the moon mission was happy with vacuum tubes on the ground and the transistors of the day: their big problems of engineering were not in the electronics area. Or to put it a different way, if we put similar effort into genetic engineering we could have fire breathing dragons instead. Nobody has been to the moon in my lifetime (and I'm getting old!), and I have no hope of going (though probably someone will go in the next 10 years it won't be me). At least the circus could show me a dragon. 50,000 miles a year is only 200 miles a day (assuming 2 weeks of vacation), the tesla can do that range without any charges, he just needs to have enough charge an usually long trip at the end of the day. At the rates taxies charge, someone who goes for farther than the charge of a Tesla is going to make the news just for their bill - even if the trip is in a normal gas car. I expect that he plugs in over lunch hour, and at bathroom brakes. This won't get him to full charge, but it is enough to ensure that he can handle a long trip. If he is ever at less than half charge he has made enough money that he can afford to take an hour off to charge. > Most of this comes down to how long the OEM will continue to issue OS Updates for the hardware, if your phone is getting updates to the OS 36mos after you bought it there is likely very little reason to spend another $400 on a phone I think you have missed the most important issue: phones and tables are not getting to the point where they are useful without an upgrade. I had the first android phone when it came out, and it was just barely usable: I was happy to upgrade once it was paid off. The upgrade was usable, but it needed a little more power. My next phone got upgraded only when it broke, the upgrade is better but it isn't significant for my workflow. The US health care market is not competitive in that way because of the incentives do not work that way. The US health care market is not consumer driving it is employer driven, and employers want all the things you bring up because it lowers their costs. What employers fear is that someone will offer a health insurance plan that is competitive to theirs, which makes it easier for my to change jobs. Employers like the fact that I pay $200/month for my health insurance, they pay $1000/month. If I want a health insurance plan that improves outcomes and which costs $1500/month I have to come up with the $1500/month, not just the $300 difference. (the above numbers are all made up, but they are realistic) I have long believed that we cannot solve the US health care problems without removing the incentives that force me to use my employers' policy like it or not. In short, you don't see those examples in the US because the system is not competitive on outcomes, only costs. Since cost is the only thing they compete one insurers offer lower payments to doctors, fight every claim, add higher deductibles (which is a hidden cost on me) and co-insurance for the patients. These are innovative, not all are innovations that I would want my insurance company to come up with, but since I'm not a customer they don't care what innovations I want. > That is helpful as I can see that if these nonsexual companionship robots come to exist, it will be well after every other area is dominated by more useful robots. Actually I think conversational companion robots can happen before more useful domestic servants. Elisa was from the 1960s, voice recognition is pretty good already. You can do a lot of comedy around a robot that can hold a conversation but can't find it way from the kitchen to the living room (in an open floor plan). Laundry is actually a hard problem, and there isn't much research going into it. (it might be easier than speech, but a lot of research is going into speech) > can be abstracted away Except for too many levels of abstraction. Yes, but unlike a normal short their loss was limited. They had (IIRC) a 7 year contract to pay $25million/year unless things went bust in which case they get paid $1 billion. So their worse case was a $175 million loss, their best case was a billion gain. If you have the money the potential return on invest is great. I'm about half way through the book now, but I don't have it handy at the moment to look up the real numbers though. > I don't think swappable battery stations would be useful, since batteries are damaged by deep-discharging them, and swap-stations would end up with too many damaged batteries that way. That depends - just design a tamper evident battery that contains enough electronics so that when you swap it you pay for not just the power to recharge it, but also the damage you did by using it. So long as the fees are upfront and the devices using it will give me plenty of notice before expensive damage happens I'll be find paying for it. If your swapable battery is just a bunch of batteries you have the risks you state. However it isn't that expensive to ensure that doesn't happen. "Happy birthday" made Warner a ton of money of the years, and it was all fraud. Most of the damages cannot be recovered (many of those harmed are dead of old age!). Thus long term fraud needs to be discouraged, one way you do that is ensure that the punishment is greater than the value of the crime. > The big question is the likelihood of the gamble paying off. For a lotto ticket that's easy to figure. I agree. The gamble is tricky. > Now some of the winners of the collapse seemed to have had a firm grasp of the situation. But how would _you_, as an investor, know that? How do you measure that? Read all the data. Defaults of 4% are expected in the ideal market. Their bet only needed defaults to reach 5% to pay out. Those who started in the game carefully selected from the sub prime mortgages the ones most likely to default after 2 years: the interest only no documentation loans. The real question is why were they able to short the ones more likely to default for the same cost as the ones less likely to default. Those risks were all upfront. Note that the methods these people used is obvious even with foresight: read the data on the investments, it was all there. The only hard part was the data was 100 pages of fine print. This data was was there and honest, if I gave any investor this data and forced them to read it they would arrive at the same results. Again though, reading the data is a hard job and so most of those who should read it didn't, they just assumed everything was as it was before not noticing the the numbers of no documentation loans was going from few to a majority. If there was any luck involved it was only that the investors who made money had the idea to one day not read a stock 10-k report and instead read a bond report. There were signs that these guys saw that others didn't, but once they had the idea to look at the data it really is a no brainier. The only thing I didn't have is enough money to invest (minimum investment is $30 million and that was raised to $100 million quickly), the patience to wait 2 years for it to pay off, the luck to think of the bond market (if I was looking for a great stock in China at the time I might have found something good, but not this great investment in bonds), and the willingness to wade though all these finance documents looking for any that are worth investing on. The last is by far the most important: I find the data boring and so I don't want to analyze it. Note that the subprime bubble is over. You cannot pull that off today in subprime. Or at least I don't think you can: I haven't looked at the data. Every 10-20 years some opportunity comes up. 3/4ths the battle is the idea to look in the right place, the other 1/4th is to actually understand all the data. There might be something now, there might not. I don't have a crystal ball. Even if I did, I don't have enough money to ride out the market. As more than one person has said, "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent". Several of those who made a ton of money nearly went bankrupt holding onto their bets for just the 2 years they knew it would take for them to pay off - and they were right about the 2 year prediction! > I believe the term the credit card companies have for me is a "deadbeat". No, the credit cards are making plenty of money off of you: probably on the order of $150 a month. From there it costs $.35 to bulk mail your bill, and $.25 to process your payment (including the cost of running the web site you pay it at). There is also your share of the advertising they do, and other overhead that I don't know how to place. Still their profit off of you is over $100/month! I'm not entirely convinced that the person who maxes out their cards and pays interest is actually more profitable - a lot of them will end up defaulting in a few years and paying less than they actually put on the cards in interest. I can't be bothered to look up the numbers (if they are even available) to see if that is true or not. Of course I made up the numbers above. They are ballpark (and somewhat variable), but they give you a picture of the truth: your are insanely profitable to them. > while the older models still work like a clock if there is no rust issue it will last another thirty years (if well maintained). There is every reason to believe that a modern VW will last for 60 years as well in similar situations. I would guess the new one will last longer than the old one: VW has been improving quality over the years. Of course most cars are wrecked long before that 60 years: humans make bad drivers. People also tend to not want to take care of old cars as well. Cars don't hold value in general so keeping the car on the road for 60 years will more than once call for more maintenance dollars than the car is worth. Actually prefab houses can have as much character as any other suburban house (many will argue this is zero, but even those people will get an idea of what they can look like). Several of my neighbors live in one, and I didn't even know if for years: they look like a normal house. The need to bring it to the lot on a truck places some limits on the size of rooms and where walls much be to resist shipping issues. However a quality mass produced house is cheaper than regular construction. Manufactured houses earned their bad reputation though. Many of them are/were junk. A lot of them are made by the same guys (and quality) who make trailer houses. Many city (suburban) codes, or HOAs will not let you put one up at all. This means that you don't see many of the quality ones. Most people are not actually qualified to judge quality of construction, some of them even today look nice for 10 years and then the maintenance nightmare begins: the parts are not standard home center sizes so it is a lot of labor to fix anything. For most suburban houses you can take tens of thousands $$$ off the cost of new construction, get a good floor plan, and have your house built in 1/4th the time as regular construction. Anyone who is thinking about building their own house should look into this option (remember what I said about quality above though), but there are more energy efficient options that I think you should pay extra for even though it drives you back to site built. For good reason: if you don't take care of the regular maintenance people die. Homeowners are notorious for not doing maintenance until it is too late unless the maintenance is also cosmetic. (fortunately for roof and siding when it looks bad it is bad, and most other parts of a house don't wear out) > Could work, though I think it would add operational complexity ("hey, I paid to swap in good batteries, but these barely held a charge!"). That is part of the business model: the batteries know how much charge they can take, so when one no longer has full capacity you sell it for less. Someone needs to work out what the price levels are so that people don't feel cheated, that is tricky math, but I think we know enough about battery life cycle (over different usage) to come up with something. It will probably be a multi-level thing, a "new battery" will be slightly more than a "slightly used" one, and have a longer safe range before they charge you abuse fees. A "new battery" that is never abused will after so many uses without abuse degrade to "slightly used", the users of it as "new" will pay for the normal wear and tear. If you are not trading in every time the battery needs charging you just pay a small monthly rental fee - if you never abuse your battery when it wears out you can trade in a "no longer usable battery" for a "new one" for just the normal trade in fee. If you abuse the battery you just pay for the actual costs that your abuse did to the battery. It could work, the real trick isn't the technology (that is a simple computer watching the recharge and discharge rates). Even the business model isn't that complex (though the math is tricky). the hard part is convincing everyone to use your standard form factor for batteries. If every different car has a different battery in some way this will not work. It is only when you have one (or a few) models of battery that everyone has that this can work. There are only 3 grades of gasoline at the gas pump - if your engine would be fine on 60 octane gasoline (like my antique tractor) you just have pay for the more expensive 87 octane anyway. If your engine needs 100 octane (some race cars) - too bad you have to buy your own drum. The same way you need to ensure there is a one size fits all battery. (if you want more having two is an option) > The possibility to make money increases if one acts more like a robot, i.e. acting strictly upon rules decided a priori. Only if the rules are correct, for all situations. Robots have lots vast amounts of money because there was a missing or wrong rule. Good luck figuring out in advance all the rules - remember that the situation is changing, and your robot in the mix is itself a change. Warren Buffet has so much money in his control that he cannot beat the market - his very investments change the value of the good companies he invests in - and not in his favor. He can make small bets of companies, but even if the bets all pay off (they will not - even great investors make mistakes) it isn't enough to be very significant. In poker there is a dealer: you are expected to tip the dealer if you win. In the stock market you pay the dealer win or lose. The CEO of Enron, and Martha Stewart come to mind as other CEOs who have gone to prison for the actions. Even if you had no emissions laws diesel would still have a large fuel consumption advantage. Diesel contains more energy per volume (139000 btu/gallon vs 124000 btu/gallon). In addition the design of a diesel engine does not require a strict stoichiometric air/fuel ration. The result is at less than full throttle the gasoline engine the efficiency of a gasoline engine drops off faster than a diesel engine. In an ideal efficiency engine (no emissions) a gasoline engine at full throttle is more fuel efferent than a diesel engine, but when at less than full throttle - which is where most engine spend all their time) the diesel engine is more efficient. Note I skipped a dozen pages of disclaimers on the above claim: there are many ways in the real world to cheat the above. Germany will extradite in most cases. Here is the treaty if you want to read the fine print http://www.mcnabbassociates.com/Germany%20International%20Ex... Just remember that self driving cars do not have to be perfect, they just need to be better than humans. The use is at just over 1 death per million miles. If self driving cars can reach .5 they are better already. If the cars can detect the times they are bad and pull over (screw your appointment) that might be enough. My guess is soon after the first company releases this they will show statistics on how much safer their cars are and governments stop sales on new cars that are not level 3 in whatever situations their car handles. (this to repeat again as we move up the levels) Even if you are right because of the above all manufactures would be stupid to not have a significant investment: the day when they have no choice might be out of their control and if they are not ready they go out of business (or confine their business to poor countries with loser laws - but these countries tend not to sell many high profit new cars). With improvements in refrigeration technology they may never. If you compare installing geo-thermo 10 years ago vs someone who installed an air source heat pump, and then upgraded (at optimal times picked on hindsight), the latter has paid less for equipment, and his yearly costs are now less as well. Geothermal equipment is enough more expensive that upgrading doesn't help those numbers much even though the expensive pipes in the ground are still perfectly good. Of course there is eventually a limit in efficiency gains. When you reach that limit geothermal has advantages that will pay off eventually. 10 years ago at least you should not have installed geothermal. What the next 10 years will bring is beyond my knowledge. GTK is the Gimp Tool Kit. I expect GIMP to use the defaults: historically they created to toolkit for their needs, and so they should choose the right defaults for them. Note that the above is historical. GNOME selected GTK long ago and has somewhat strong armed GTK development away from GNOME. I don't follow either project closely enough to suggest how much. AC is much better in the home. There is no way to get around the fact that you need massive wires to supply low voltage at high amps. It is much cheaper to have a power supply on every electronic device turning 100-200 volts to 5 volts than to have one big power supply turning power line voltage to 5 volts. Of course a lot of computers need 3 volts or less, so the power supplies exist anyway. It is also more efficient big power supplies running at low loads are inefficient, the power supply on each device is sized to what the device needs and so it more likely to be operating in a high efficiency area. You conclusion is wrong. Agile finds value in process, as well. Read the last line until this sinks in: That is, while there is value in the items on the right, we value the items on the left more. There is a lot of value in the right process, the process however needs to be a servant to the needs of the people. You can be agile with long complex processes so long as you pay attention to how the processes affect the people and ensure that every time a process is getting in the way of someone it is a good thing. I think we would all agree that process needs to stop the "cowboy coder" who otherwise would check in code with many syntax errors just before leaving for a long vacation. This example is nearly a straw-man it is so trivial - but if anyone doesn't have personal processes to prevent it the team will need to create a process of some sort. This could be a simple don't do that again talk, a HR process to fire the guy, a automatic backout process, a formal checkout for pushing, or whatever - the choice is up to your team, and depends on team factors like if this is a one time mistake or a repeated offense. Going to the other extreme, medical software that could kill should have long complex processes. Agile is perfectly fine with this. Agile is taking issue with some [big companies] that have created such long cumbersome processes in ages past that no longer serve the needs. Sometimes they created a complex process because of a one time mistake that is unlikely to happen again. Or maybe the process made sense in light of the tax laws that were changed in 1986. Some processes actually are required and useful, but because of all the cumbersome ones they are ignored until it is too late. Managers don't want waterfall. They want a process they can understand (waterfall is great here), that gives them a specific date they can point to as when everything is done and they can start making money. Waterfall says it gives you that. Of course we all know that waterfall doesn't actually give you what it claims, but it says when it doesn't you failed to manage one of the early phases correctly which means it tells them how to fix things: work harder there. My car has that - there are too many false positives for it to be useful. I most commonly hear get the warning when there are two left turn lanes and I'm in the right one (because I need to turn right at the next road). Sure there is a car to my left, if it doesn't turn left I'll hit it, but the other car would be at fault in that case. I will admit that there have been a couple times it saw the car I was about to merge into before I did. It is not clear if I would have seen the car a moment latter anyway or not. Actually you can argue that car crashes are rare. 1.2 deaths per 100 million miles is rare. (I'm not able to find statistics for accidents without deaths, but we can extrapolate) A lot of people drive a lot of miles which is why there are a lot of crashes. So you can argue either side of this depending on how you want to twist the numbers. Seasonal stuff needs to be in an area of the store they can close off for a few weeks everytime the season changes while they redecorate. During those times they want the seasonable stuff to be out of the way so the construction efforts do not get in the way of customers. I don't know if this is their logic, but it makes sense. To be self stable milk needs to be heated hot enough to change the flavor. Americans prefer the taste of milk that has not been heated as much. I once has breakfast on a real dairy farm, they got their milk from the tank right after milking. After drinking milk that was in the cow just 3 hours before I cannot stand milk you can buy. I cannot say if this is because it was never pasteurized, or just that is was fresh, but the flavor was better. Note, do not take the above as advocacy for unpasteurized milk. The risks are real enough. Process is about controlling people, so of course my examples are controlling people. The trick is they are process controlling people in areas where they need to be controlled. Contrast this to processes that control people in ways they don't need to be controlled. Is someone checking that are login to your computer at exactly 8am every day? That a process that controls people but isn't needed for most programmers. The process makes perfect sense in context of assembly line workers: if even one person is late the entire line cannot start. One thing that I didn't say but should have is that process should not be the first thing to fall back on. You might have to deal with the guy who pushes broken code all the time, but there are other solutions other than process that you should explore. The ergonomics expert I work with tells me "the best position is your next position". They ensure we have both good comfortable chairs, and a sit or stand workstation so we can vary our position often. I'm constantly changing. Up, down, up, down, cross legged on my chain, up . Long compile - pace back and forth for a few minutes. It drives my co-workers nuts at times, but it is much better for the body. > it's quite likely I think they would simply switch to DC for everything I'm not sure. AC has some important safety considerations that would make it better even if the efficient was significantly worse. Switches, fuses and circuit breakers that work with DC are more expensive than AC. When a circuit opens there is a spark, and this spark can in some cases create a conductive plasma. With AC the wave goes to zero and the plasma disappears, while with DC it continues. There are cases where a DC fuse blew but the fuse continued to conduct. Of course this can be engineered around, but generally with larger and more expensive parts. When someone touches power accidentally, AC is slightly safer. With DC your muscles will grab and never let go. AC gives you a chance to let go. This is a low probability thing, but is a factor. The guy who wanted us to debate is wrong for one other reason though: I'm approaching the limits of what I know on the subject, while you seem to have a lot more knowledge. That depends on how the tree decays. There is a lot of coal near the surface of the western US because prairie grass burned yearly in every dry month (winter when it was too cold to grow - they may still be as much rain/snow!). This yearly burning didn't get warm enough to burn all the carbon and so the rest got deposited as charcoal. Moral of the story: you should start regular forest/grass fires to turn the stored carbon into charcoal. A biologist can give you a number of other reasons why this is good for the forest as well: common knowledge about forest fires is almost completely false. What is hatespeach? That in itself chills a lot of possible stories. Anything anti-feminist, is hate speech - it might or not be true. Note that big farmers have already replaced "soil destroying tillage" with "soil building cover crops". Farm news is full of stories about early adopters 10 years ago bragging about how they are now building soil organic matter with a corresponding reduced need for fertilizer. The big farmers recognize the impact this has on the bottom line. Your mid sized farmers see that extra $10/acre in fertilizer as a cost of business and don't realize they could reduce it. Unfortunately "long-distance imported fertilizer to in-situ fertility produced by soil organisms" cannot work if food is exported off of the farm. Every gram of food taken off the farm includes some micro-nutrients - various minerals that are required for life that have been removed from the soil and taken elsewhere. If you are close to the desert you probably don't have forests though. Tree need a lot of water, as things get dryer the land transitions to grassland before desert. Of course mountains are often a factor. There are deserts at the base of forested mountains. The mountain takes all the rain. I do not think batteries will ever get a useful enough energy/weight ratio for airplanes. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_density Not only does jet fuel have a much better energy to weight ratio, but you don't have to carry the weight of your spent fuel. A battery powered airplane needs to get all its fuel to altitude while a fuel powered one has much less mass to get up (and stop when you get to the ground). Ships probably will see batteries as an asset: they can place them in ideal locations for weight distribution/stability. only if we cannot capture methane. If we can capture it, we can run it through an engine and get the energy back. Most landfills are already doing this: it adds some extra profit to the bottom line. I have no idea if this stores any carbon anymore though. Working at the office isn't about floor plan or seat time. Working at the office is about "staying in touch". When you are in the office you see new directions the company is interested in long before you get an assignment. It doesn't matter if you are in an office with the door closed, or working from home: either way you miss things that you should have been told directly but nobody thought to tell you. So you end up doing otherwise great work that it leading the project in the wrong direction. That is when you are in the office someone from marketing can see you in the hallway and ask about the hot new feature of today without invoking all the formal channels to take to the guy remotely. Thus when you are working from home you lose a lot of opportunities to do what is needed as opposed to what you are told. People who can figure out the right thing and do that are more valuable than people who only do what they are told. Note that the title is correct: all employees should be trusted to work remotely from time to time. However that does not mean you should work from home all the time. You should be a regular at the office so that you don't lose touch. At the first sign of illness (you or your kids), bad weather, or a hard no interruptions problem: you should be out of the office and working from home. However you should also be a regular at the office for the benefits of being at the office. Of course this depends on your job. If you are a contractor you might be in a situation where you do the letter of the contract and are gone - the only time you might want to do something else is if you are trying to turn the contract into a full term position. Even then though, some contracts are get release N out the door, with a possibility of renewal for release N+1 - in that case you may have the option to change what is in release N. I would argue that anything you refer back to even once should be translated into digital. Note I said translated, not transcribed. When converting to digital you should fix things: check the facts, make the diagrams pretty, fix the grammar. Paper is great for a rough draft. Rewriting your rough draft to the final is always good practice. looking back, I accept your criticism. I'm an engineer, ultimately I understand things like processes better than people. I stand by agile saying people over process, but I have no clue how to actually explain it. You have different opportunities. Better/worse is debatable. No tab should get the audio exception unless it started playing audio while I was looking at it. (reopen yesterdays tabs counts as looking at it...) If you play audio to get around throttling - you should get zero CPU, not just throttled. If you have work to do in the background that is fine - there is legitimate work to do. However once you are playing audio it must mean the other work is done. What do I know though? I don't normally listen to audio on the web... It only takes one human mistake that is 1000 to destroy all that. Many systems in oil refineries are automated because humans didn't want to shut the plant down where there was some trouble. Even when the problem is a predictable humans often refused to admit it they couldn't operate as is. (We know this pump is failing, the replacement won't arrive for 2 months though so we are going to continue as long as we can - once it fails we know we have 1 hour to hit the shutdown switch or the plant will explode) Density should enable walking which changes everything. A farmer in the middle of nowhere (US or Canada - other countries have different situations that I cannot comment on) is looking at more than 30 minutes to the nearest grocery store if he drives. To walk would be 10 hours each way. As we go down we hit the suburbs - 10 minutes to the store, but still 2 hours to walk. (if you took the same route as the car it would be about an hour, but that means walking on a busy road with no sidewalks, so you end up having to take a much longer route) High density allows stores and restaurants to exist just to serve the people within a couple blocks. You take the elevator downstairs, and within a couple blocks is everything you need to buy, and the job you need to earn money to buy it with. When this is the world you rarely drive anywhere so you are not adding to congestion. Now there is still congestion all those stores/business need to be provided with goods to sell. However a truck that takes up 4 cars worth of space is bringing enough goods to last 400 people for the day, where the cars in the other examples where for 1 person (all facts in this sentence were made up - they seem reasonable but I don't know how to find the right ones). This limits how dense we can get with just surface streets. Note that the above is a should. Zoning laws often put high density far enough away from stores that you have to drive anyway - this makes congestion worse. NYT also has reputation. If they publish too many stories that are false/inaccurate their reputation falls and people with stop reading it. How low can they go before this happens is a question. Is transportation really less? If you can take public transit (including walking) it is. However most people live with some sort of family (traditionally husband and wife and 2.5 kids). That means dad and mom both needs to have jobs accessible by public transit, and the schools need to be good enough. If any of the above fails your transit is more expensive: you have to pay for parking for your personal car(s) which is not cheap. The Luddites were worried about this in the 1810s. You should look them up - there is a large amount of philosophy and debate around the topic. For myself I fall in the optimists camp: technology does destroy some jobs, but it opens up many more. In the case I'm thinking of the company wanted maximum profit - which meant shutdown production when things failed, but continue until then. However there was a cowboy attitude: the operators knew that "Bubba" was almost able to to continue operation in a similar situation in the 1950s, and they think they are better. The reality is that "Bubba failed, but the catastrophic explosion was after 1 hour 20 minutes or some such thing, beating that record gives you bragging rights in the lunch room. Not exactly - if oil gets that high there will be as many jobs - they will create even more wells though. What this really means is that as oil approaches $60/barrel the same number of people can drill more wells. In turn we are less likely to get over $60/barrel in the first place: as we get close more wells will be drilled which will drive the price back down. Until peak oil of course - at some point we run out of okay places to drill wells. (the great places ran out before 1910, we have been moving down since) Once the geologists run out of useful places to drill something else needs to be in place to replace oil. > The reality is that in order to effectively manage, you have to understand what the doers are actually doing. Actually it is not. One of the best bosses I ever had had no clue what I was doing. He was smart enough to admit that he didn't know how to do my job. He was excellent at his job though: figuring out who were good people and removing roadblocks from their way. He identified a few good programmers to do the technical interview part while he focused on are the people he was hiring good fits for the people he already had. If you cannot have a great manager who will get out of your way, then a manager who understands what you are doing means at least when he tells you to do something it was probably what you were going to do anyway. The worst boss I've ever seen took some programming classes as a door into management - he knew enough to be dangerous when telling programmers what to do, but not enough to be helpful. >compare gas cars over decades. There were tons of improvements that allow much better fuel efficiency. Electric motors are old technology. Most of the improvements in electric motors have already been achieved, just like the internal combustion engine. Most of the things that original poster pointed to are improvements brought from gasoline cars (only the heat pump for heat is somewhat unique - gas engines have plenty of waste heat so they don't need that) 18650 is mass manufactured: there are machines and robots to get consistent quality. You can get batteries in pretty much any size you want - but they will be made by hand and have the expected quality variations from hand made products. Part of why the goalposts changed is most people don't know what the goalposts should be. When I first heard of electric cars they were convert your car with lead acid batteries. An interesting project, but not practical. Then the EV1, but since I don't live in California I ignored it. Then Tesla which was neat, but I make 300 mile (one way) trips and the supercharger was still a promise - the price made it a "I could make it work if there was a supercharger along my way, but it is too expensive". Then came the leaf - affordable, but the range was such that I didn't have confidence I could go to work, lunch and get back home again. Now the leaf has solve the above, but I'm learning about battery life - it can work for the first 60,000 miles, but after that replace the battery at a high cost. What will be the next goalpost? I don't know. The number one goalpost for me is always is it cheaper to replace my car or not. The reality is my current car is still working (though we will see what my mechanic says, there are some signs that the body is starting to fail), and at 40+mpg electric is not a better deal than keeping it working. They need to add a few more stations. On the 300 mile trip I take most often there is exactly one, and it isn't in the town we normally stop to eat at. (we commonly leave right after work and have supper 2 hours down the road which is a good time for a break). There is no station anywhere any of the hotels I stay at either. In short, the current superchargers are a good start, but if they want to make electric cars work for long distance they need to have them at every restaurant in the country, and every hotel needs to provide a charging station. In most of the country you can find a gas station every 20 miles even in the least populated parts. (though I can name some areas where next gas is 60 miles) Since a fill up is only 5 minutes I can fill up and then go to the restaurant across the street. With fillups taking 40 minutes we need the charging station to have a different model from current gas stations: they need to be places where humans would want to stop for a long time. Parks, hotels, restaurants, museums and the line come to mind. It will be interesting to see what happens as (if) electric cars become common. I think it will be both. They will start with software for doctors - who will use it because the computer never forgets to ask some critical question that could discover a 1 in a million disease and not the common cold (with similar symptoms) that the everyone else in the office today has. Eventually urgent cares and ER will install them for people directly. No reason the machine can't prescribe antibiotics for the latest form of strep that is going around. That leaves the doctor for the hard cases where the machine doesn't know. You are missing the other half of the problem: what about the non-gifted. The majority of kids are average: they didn't get whatever it is that makes some people above average. They need the slower pace of school to learn, otherwise they won't learn. The right thing for an average student is not the same as what is right for either the gifted, or the "retarded" (I forget what the correct term is. It is a historic thing. Once (ie the 1950s) calculating the S&P500 took hours - newspapers did it after the market closed for the night and the number was one of the last things put into the paper before printing. The dow could be calculated in a few minutes so radio and TV could report on it. Thus if you were a trader focused mostly on one stock, updates on the dow gave you a picture of the market - if the dow was moving it was a clue that there might be larger economic forces in play that you need to look into so see how it affects your stock. Today we can calculate all the indexes several times a second. Thus the value of the dow (something easy to calculate) is not important today and we shouldn't use it. I remember mine - I knew university was possible, but I had no idea how to get into the program. Latter it was explained to me that the school had to may for my classes so they would do everything they could to discourage students from taking that track without being obvious about it. They didn't allow any information to be in school, the guidance consular never mentioned it (not that I saw them). By contrast AP was just a choice I could sign up for when choosing classes. As I understand the talban were opposed to drugs and they did a good job of ensuring poppy was not grown in the country. (they had other problems, but aiding the illegal drug trade was not one) What are the odds that any of the farmers seeds from before the windblown cross fertilization were roundup resistant? Essentially zero, so I have no sympathy for him. If he had not sprayed roundup and some of his seeds got the roundup traits and others did not I would have sympathy for him if he was sued for the mix bag where some seeds had the roundup traits. You seem to be mistaking organic for ripe nutritious food. Organic just limits some specific chemicals. That is it. You can replaces those limited chemicals with other "natural" chemicals which may be (and often are) much more harmful. Organic does not save the earth. Sometimes is does, but other times it is more harmful than the conventional practice. Organic is not more nutritious. Sometimes it is. Sometimes it is less (because the farmer cannot replace the nutrients last year's crop took out) Organic is not fresher or better tasting. Sometimes it is, but that is not a reflection on organic, it is a reflection on conventional farmers not finding it worthwhile to sell fresher. Right, but the CEO needs to instill a culture of not cheating. If the CEO has that culture (and can show it - lots of ethics training and other decisions that reinforce the idea that the company doesn't violate those rules) then you go down the chain to the rouge manager who hid his action. This isn't just a theory. On of my companies competitors (I do not know which, I was just given it as an example) was caught bribing officials in China. After investigation it was decided that it was a rouge manager and not the CEO: they has a policy of not bribing, everyone was trained in recognizing how something (even a meal) could be seen as a bribe, and when other unethical action had been taken in the past the company took action to stop it and treated the whistle-blowers well. The CEO got off because he did everything in his power to ensure this wouldn't happen. Since it is clear by the fact that you asked this question that you have no clue what you want or why you would hire anyone I no long want this job. Thank you for the interview practice. Perhaps we will meet again. Of course most people who are interviewing actually need a job and so they cannot afford to tell the truth. So you need to BS your way though, but this is not a useful question to ask in the first place and it reflects bad on them that they did. If you are lucky enough to get two offers this is a sign you should choose the other. This is the right question to frame the interview around: why should we hire (or not hire) this person. However interviewers need to ask the types of questions that a well prepared interviewee cannot lie and fool the interviewer. There is plenty of research on how to interview people: people who are interviewed have incentive to lie, and probably have done enough research to figure out what lies to tell. The problem with "Why should we hire you" is you learn one of two things: how good the candidate is at delivering a prepared statement; or how good the candidate is at lying himself out of a tricky situation when put on the spot. The first is interesting only if you are hiring an actor - but in this case you can get more information by giving the actor a short speech and a few minutes to prepare before delivering it. I guess the second is interesting if you are hiring a thief for a job where he might get caught. That is the wrong question. The real question is what did they do to ensure that this mistake cannot be made again by anybody. In the form this variation is in, the real question is what changes were made to the design so that the system cannot be over pressurized in that way by mistake. There are levels. Obviously the best test is 3 backups on 3 different continents (in the future one of the backups will be on Mars), with regular tests that each site can restore from scratch. Even the minimum level: an untested backup to the same disk is better than what most people have. That untested backup is there and protects against accidental file deletion - which will eventually become a test for most people. If the disk fails it is also something to work with. If you tell a disaster recovery service that there is a backup they can use that redundancy to their advantage: odds are physical damage isn't to both the backup and the read data and they only have to recover one. Even if the damage is to both there is something to work with. As we move up the ladder there is more and more. An untested backup has data - give me the team a few years and we can recover it. We might have to recreate the restore from scratch, but there is something. Remember though, the farther down the ladder you are the more expensive recovery can be. If you have tested backups on 3 continents recovery only costs a couple hours downtime - an actuary can put an exact dollar cost on this. If the price is too high you can invest in redundancy on the live system. If you have an untested backup it might be years before your team can recover it: millions of dollars in labor to recover the data and sever years of no/reduced business while they recover it. (hint: the company will go out of business because they cannot afford to recover the data) Would you have said the same 30 years ago? Smoking used to be much more common - at least in places where I've lived. As smokers have quit the number of butts they have dropped have gone down. My impression is smokers in general are more likely to drop their used butts, but since there are so few of them you don't see much. Note that the story was from the BBC and compared Europe to Australia. I didn't see anything about US numbers. I wouldn't be surprised if the US had similar numbers to Australia. I suspect not though - in the "deep south" of the US smoking is still common, so if we have lower numbers here it is because the rest of the country has low enough smoking rates to balance out that part of the country. Non-organic: roundup (from http://pmep.cce.cornell.edu/profiles/extoxnet/dienochlor-gly... ) The toxicity of the technical product (glyphosate) and the formulated product (Roundup) is nearly the same. The acute oral LD50 in the rat is 5,600 mg/kg [Rat] Organic: vinegar ( http://www.sciencelab.com/msds.php?msdsId=9922769 ) (LD50): 3310 mg/kg [Rat] Of course there are hundreds of different chemicals to look at, and LD50 is not the only measure. It is enough to back up my claim though. Facebook it the only way I see my second cousin's kid's piano recital. It is a valuable way for me to know something like that happened (they live more than a thousand miles away). It lets me keep up some of the people who I went to high school with - we were not really friends but we had a connection. Facebook is the easiest way to ensure my parents (300 miles away) see pictures of their grandkids doing cute things. Unfortunately it sucks me into political fake news and lots of other bad things. Blocking all games helped greatly. On balance the real purpose of Facebook: keeping up with distance family and friends; is a very useful part of life. Thus it is worth it. The problem is that you cannot add a hardware random number generator to existing machines and the cost of buying a new machine is high enough that casinos do not want to do it. If the scammers get too big the casinos will replace the compromised machines and the scam ends. The scammers seem to know this: they are targeting more an more casinos around the world in an apparent effort to make sure it is worth the risk. Actually you don't need hardware random number generators. There is enough variance in human input to feed a cryptograhic random number generator. The code to add this probably wouldn't be that hard to write (they might be 8 bit CPUs or some such limit that makes it impossible though). However all code changes have to be certified by regulatory bodies (for good reason) which makes it not worth the effort to fix old machines. The general "rule of thumb" is you need to live someplace for at least 7 years for buying to make sense. In the US where owning is fairly common people do move less than other parts of the world where owning is not common. Either owning or renting can be good. They both lead to very different life style decisions. As always location location location. The are some areas where rent would be twice your house payment for similar sized places. There are some areas where rent is much cheaper than a house payment. Most people buy something much bigger/nicer place than they would rent - this is a smart thing as they will be spending more time there. It is more complex than that though. Imperfect practice is just fine so long as you recognize in practice what you are doing wrong and try to correct it. I often practice a musical piece wrong, I try again and again, each time trying to correct something, but somehow one correction breaks something else. The next day I come back and I'm much better because even though none of my practices was perfect. Repeat a few times [hundreds in some cases] and I can play perfectly. You forget one part: patients do not care what insurance costs because their employer chooses what they use and what price they pay. If I could buy health insurance separately from my company I'd look into it. I know my company pays at least as much as I do for my insurance, but if I go off the company plan I can't get that money to use for insurance I like. The result of this is I have incentive to not care what anyone charges. The only thing I can do is lower my satisfaction job rating if the doctor I want to go to isn't covered by my plan. If I actually could choose insurance I would would look into cheaper plans - if they tell me the doctor I want is more expensive so I need a more expensive plan to cover using him I would then have incentive to choose: see if I like a cheaper doctor, or pay more for the one I like. The result of employer providing my health insurance is a large source of dysfunction in the health care market. I illustrated one, but there are others. (Note, there are other dysfunctions in the health care market - always it is complex) Be careful about this though. We generally place a higher value on human life than on a dogs life. If the x-ray used on your dog sometimes kills a dog it is not the disaster that it would be if a human was killed. Thus we spend a lot more on quality control for medical devices for humans. You might not agree, but that is how society see it. Technically I can. However the cost to me is much more than what I pay now, even if I go with the most basic plan (which isn't even very basic - the law requires a lot of coverage that a true basic plan would exclude). Most people have a copy of DP and have not read the whole thing. Most people have read it in that they have read a couple pages, the table of contents, and a couple random patterns. To some extent that is how the book should be read: you have a problem that a DP solves and so you read the section on that pattern to get it right. The problem is most people have a superficial knowledge of the patterns in the book (a list is easy to put together along with a short summary so most people have read one). They then go looking for how to apply the patterns to their domain so they can check the pattern box, without thinking about the large picture. They never consider that patterns exist to solve a specific problem and if you don't have that problem you shouldn't use the pattern. The classic example is the singleton: it solves a tricky problem that large systems sometimes have. However few people realize that a singleton is a fancy name for a global variable and have all the downsides of a global variable. There are several patterns that are a specific way of creating a layer of abstraction. Abstraction layers are often very useful, but as the saying goes: "all problems in programing can be solved by adding a layer of abstraction - except too many layers of abstraction". I've seen cases of layers of abstraction that didn't solve any problems. As such the original point: DP, by giving patterns names has created more harm than good. This is not the fault of the book though: the names were needed and the patterns are very useful when applied correctly. However before the book people would re-invent the patterns (badly) only when they needed the pattern. >Yet now both parents must work for the same (or worse) house. That isn't true. Houses built in the 1960s that have only had basic maintenance done to them are available and they are a lot cheaper than newer houses. It turns out most people don't want to live with a house that looks like the 1960s. People like bigger kitchens and houses when we can afford them. Once the house gets a little bigger we like to see things like brick on the front (I'm not sure if this is styles changing or a longer term pattern of people deciding the houses of 1990 are big enough and now we want pretty not more space). The result is perfectly nice houses in old neighborhoods are available for cheap if you are willing to live in them. Despite the above I recommend you not buy those old houses: they are not energy efficient and so either heating/cooling will eat your paycheck or you will spend a lot fo money in upgrades you won't get back. There is a limit to that. People point out all the growth that overbuilt freeways caused argue we need to build more freeways. Nobody every asks if the trend will continue. They want to bring that same growth to small middle of nowhere towns, but it isn't clear if that will happen. Also lost in the conversation is opportunity cost: sure people drove more and that drove growth to those areas. However what if the roads had not been built - what would have happened instead? We don't know, but it is fun to speculate. (maybe railroads would still be the most common mode of transport?) I'm surprised they need anything. I get my home internet from a satellite in geosynchronous orbit and it works fine other than the latency. No human has got that far from Earth since Apollo in the 1970s, so my home internet has to be worse than anyone NASA cares give internet. (though I have no idea what bandwidth NASA has) It is the pain of complying with the license. You have to ensure you have everything in place just in case someone asks for the source code. It isn't hard, but it is effort that nobody wants to do yet you have to. It isn't good enough to say "we use version 1.2.3 unmodified download that from the internet", you actually have to have a copy of version 1.2.3 ready to send out (apparently in case the internet deletes all versions of source code 1.2.3). It is cheaper for my company. We have very high seasonal demand on one of our websites. Our busy months need 10 times as many servers as the low months. With amazon we pay for the servers only when we use them. When we did it ourselves the servers spent most of the year idle, but using electricity and maintenance but earning us nothing just so we could handle out peak demand. Now we pay nothing for them when we are not using them. December is one of our low months: those servers we were hitting hard in September are now helping some online store keep up with the Christmas rush. I believe this is factored into the price we pay. We do a lot of our own work in house. In general we have enough IT staff that it is more cost effective to keep our own servers in house, but that is for loads where the variation is relatively small. He outlines several places where he had to do something because postgreSQL doesn't do it, but he suspected before hand that RethinkDB didn't do that well.,, It is easy to pick on rural subsidies when you have enough food to eat. It is to everyone's advantage to ensure that there is more than enough food so that in the worst case years nobody starves to death. How best to ensure that is debatable. However don't knock the rural subsidies unless you have a better plan to ensure that even in drought years there is enough to eat. It is invalid to consider stocks, bonus, and other incentives in your calculations. Companies take them away all the time. You have salary, and that is it. Fringe benefits (insurance, 401k match...) is a useful thing to get and part of the picture, but the company can change them to your negative when they feel like it. stocks and bonus are nice, but you dare not count on them until after you get them. People who do otherwise find themselves broke when expected money doesn't come in. True, but there is no reason to believe that those stocks will be worth anything when they vest. Except that that doesn't seem to be the case. A house in 1960 costs an inflation adjusted $100,000 today - The average house last year sold for about $300,000. So we can say infrastructure is 3 times as expensive - that doesn't seem to account for the 10x cost increase. You have to eat, but you can choose what to eat. The beef farmer has to compete against the pig farmer and the bean farmers. I don't have an explanation, but your counter doesn't fit either. >I think that one's home computers can probably handle the load of searching all of one's own data. You seem to be implying that I have one computer at home. I mostly use the computer in my pocket, but sometimes I use "my" computer in "My office" at home. Sometimes I use "my wife's computer". Many people I know have a computer attached to their tv. I'm looking into putting a computer in my garage. Someday I'm likely to get a laptop or tablet computer for travel (I've had these in the past). We need to get off the mindset of one computer per person - it was never really true, but for the average person today it is less true. True, but let us acknowledge that those are edge cases. For the average person encrypted email has never been a thing. I hope PGP remains around for people who do need it. There are people who have a real need for secure communication, and they are probably able to invent a cover story to explain your meta-data leaks. (everyone knows I buy widgets and from him: it is no surprise that we don't want details about our negotiations public) It is legal to fix your tractor. I work for John Deere (though of course do not speak for them), and we are proud that you can by the repair manuals for every tractor we ever made, and most parts are still available. We are made at the computer industry because some of our newer (We consider a 15 year old tractor fairly new though realistically it is probably worn out) tractors have chips that cannot be bought anymore. When I challenge people on this I eventually get down to what people really want: they want to disable the emissions controls. A qualified engineer (which most mechanics are not - but I suspect those reading this are) given the source code we don't give out can get our engines a little more fuel efficient at the expense of not meeting emissions, or a little more powerful at the expensive of being less reliable. When you read the above you will begin to understand why we made the engineering compromises we did, and see why we don't really want to give out the requested information. It isn't necessary to do repairs, but it is necessary to do things that you shouldn't do. That is not to say I'm against the idea of this bill, just that the justification you are being sold is built on a lie. I think this bill needs to be carefully written to address this. No, maintenance to existing infrastructure. This distinction is important. Most people think of new roads, bridges, dams, railroads when they think infrastructure. Politicians love to attach their names to such things so they get funded first. Often at the expense of keeping existing infrastructure. You see this all over, roads that people use in bad shape while new "roads to nowhere" are being built. So you say. And this crowd is probably more likely than average to do so. However would you really touch the engine - remember a mistake can destroy your engine, and there isn't much interesting there for the most part. What you would do it connect to the CAN bus and read all the data there - same as what most people do for cars - except there is a lot more interesting data for you to work with. There is not need to root the tractors, or install different software, just install your own computer, connect it to the CAN bus and do what you want. Our 10 year old computers that do this on a 200mhz CPU sell for $5000 - I'm convinced you would want something more modern that is also cheaper for your experiments. There is one exception to the above: if you want to do computer steering you need an encryption key that we don't generally make available to the public. There is too many safety concerns to let us just give that away. It is also ISO11783. So any mechanic who can work on large diesels (semi trucks) will have the tools. Some of the $150 OBD-II readers at an auto parts store can do it (only some though - most do not have the adapters: it is a different connector and different data on the wires). If you are reading this you can probable figure out how to wire up an arduino as well. The electronics are easy, though you probably have to buy the standard from ISO to write the code. Note, the above covers current tractors. Some of the older tractors used an older protocol, God help you if that is your tractor. Depends on a lot of factors. There is no engine oil, so the first scheduled maintenance will probably be the cabin airfilter (20000 miles in every car I've had that has one), and I would guess that anything in the suspension that needs grease will get the same interval (many cars have nothing to grease today but it is a possibility). Then there are tires. Brake pads should last a little longer, but I'm not sure how much. Ultimately though I believe electric cars will be much more expensive in the long run. Nissan wants $5499 for a new battery back. I don't know of any study on how long they last, but reading forums and extrapolating I would say you should plan on replacing the battery pack every 100000 miles. This of course depends greatly on how your charge it which in turn depends on how far you drive. If you drive the full range of the battery every charge you probably need to replace the battery every 50000 miles. If you make dozens of short trips per day, charging after each, you could potentially get several hundred thousand miles. I'm curious about your A4 experience - how many miles were you driving. Unless you are driving 80,000 miles a year I don't see how you can get that high - at 80,000 miles/ year you have timing belt service. If you are driving this many miles the VW diesels (same base platform as the A4, though less luxury) can probably pay for the entire car including maintenance just in fuel savings. A "smart" union needs to consider the health of the company. If they get a salary of $1million per yer for each employee it is obvious that no company cannot afford the salary and will go out of business in a few months and all employees get 0 after that until they find a new job. (This is a strawman argument, but it makes the point clear) A union that is smart should force the company to do things that will keep the company in business. Note that unions, management, and investors are often not smart. This is often to their long term harm. BSD advocates will tell you this is a feature not a bug and object to your use of the word "taken" as if it is a bad thing. Apple at least has contributed a lot back - they are a major force behind clang for example. I believe that statement is wrong. 99% of advertising might not be worth the money spent, but it wasn't zero value. (if you spend $1 to generated $.50 that is advertising at a loss, but a much smaller loss than advertising with zero return). Advertising needs to figure out how to generate positive value. The problem is there is two types of ad. The first is "buy this now", if the user clicks and buys it was a success, but that doesn't mean a failure to click is a failure because there is a second type of ad that I believe is more important: awareness. You advertise so that people know you exist - that way when they realize their need for your product you come to mine. I think the pay per click model that the web advertising has settled on is wrong because it doesn't well account for ads that you don't want clicked. There is a reason McDonald's advertises on every radio and tv station they can every few minutes: it works. Some of those ads go to people who will never eat at McDonald's and if they could figure out how to save money by not advertising to those people it would be worth it. Overall though the return on those adds it large. click is not a good measure of advertising value though. Clicks doesn't measure how many people see your ad and come back a couple months latter to buy. Because everyone has had their own experience that they have learned from. Most people who do this are not trying to be a troll. They really have learned A lesson and want to help you by sharing. The problem is few people have the context to know all the important issues, they just know they were burned badly one time and want to save you not realizing that the solution they found has downsides that will burn the other guy. Because advertising is about perception. If I see chase ads every day will remember them in 6 months when I suddenly realize I need a new credit card - today I'm happy with my card selection and no amount of advertising will get a bite from me, but when that changes I might change to a "lesser" card just because I didn't think to check chase out. thus they need numbers over months before they can state it worked. >But if a car manufacturer consistently uses a production methodology which causes door handles to keep falling off, again and again, even after they've been re-glued on for the Nth time... We know the characteristics of glue, and have switched to better glues. All our assembly jigs work with glue. When the handle falls off it is easy and cheap to glue it back on. If we switch to screws we need to redesign the parts and the jigs; and reorder the entry assembly line. [Not realized by the engineers at the time is if they use screws dissimilar metals of the screws corrode and result in the handle falling off as well - and it is a much more expensive fix because you have to replace the handle and the part it attaches to as both have nothing to screw into) > Vertical take-off, vertical landing (VTVL) rockets scale to any size. Wings don't. The Falcon 9, the Falcon Heavy, and future mega-rockets will all be able to use the same basic technology. Wings don't scale well at all. You are correct about the disadvantages of wings, but wrong about why SpaceX isn't using them. SpaceX has always had the goal of landing on Mars and returning home. All their rockets have been developed with this in mind. They tested their first rocket, and got it to work. They sold it to Nasa and the like (and even developed it with some of their requirements in mind), but the goal was always to learn how to make bigger rockets that can get to Mars, that Nasa is willing to pay for the smaller ones is a side benefit. Mars does not have enough atmosphere for wings to work, therefore SpaceX is not interested in Wings. Even if reuse of the rocket was clearly more expensive that building a new one each time (it isn't) SpaceX would be working on reusable rockets now because when they get to mars they need to land the rocket and latter reuse it to return back to earth. You are looking at the 1990s, not the 1970s and early 1980s when this was taking place. By the late 1980s Microsoft realized they needed a higher level language and C was already winning by then. Microsoft just helped push it along. > There were, but the market chose otherwise. That depends on what you mean by alternative to C. If you are just looking for a "portable assembly" or systems programming language: there were many alternatives. If you are looking for the systems programming language that has a chance building and running the same source code on multiple different systems then you have to wait until Posix which is tied to C. Of course you can well argue that once you have Posix, C is not actually required. You just need a language that can call C style functions (this is a trivial exercise for many languages) with compilers for the platforms you are interested in (not trivial, but it is straight forward work that has been done often enough that it is well understood). Most people mean Posix+C when they say there were no alternatives to C, and in this form they are correct. The other choices may be better for most definitions of better, but there are few alternatives that let you write code and have a chance of it running on something else. These were successful companies at one time. What is the percentage of Fortune 500 companies three years ago that have failed - I don't know, but it isn't 90% (it probably isn't hard to look this up if someone wants to fact check me - for extra credit find other measures companies of different sizes that are not startups). Of course bankruptcy is only part of failure. So really it is what percentages of Fortune 500 (or other measure of successful companies) have "their company went bankrupt, they were forced out of the CEO chair, a major merger backfired, and so on" Startups are in fact the wrong measure. A startup has nothing to lose, and often is trying something that will not succeed. Large companies often fund startups to limit their potential loss if it fails (if things seem not be going well they pull out without having to lay off all the people working for the startup which looks bad), and they buy the company if things go well. Bricks have very low r-value meaning that you pay a lot of money to heat/cool them. Bricks is a bad choice for construction anywhere where indoor climate control is an issue. American construction is strong enough to last for a few hundred years if you maintain it. While it isn't passive house efficient it is efficient (and it isn't clear that a passive house is even possible in our climate - many of them make other compromises which means they rot out in a few years). Look at how people in the 1950s lived: do you really want that. They had ONE black and white 13 inch TV - 19 inch color TVs existed but only the rich could afford them. They lived in smaller houses than we live in today, and the furnishing where more utilitarian. They had one car (odds are the women wasn't allowed to drive though this part of culture was changing), it didn't have AC, you might or might not be able to afford the optional heater and radio (it broke down often despite doing tuneups all the time). They had one phone - it was a party line so they could share some of the costs with their neighbors... Today we have a much higher standard of living. We have decided that the toys, space, and luxury is worth more than the time we have to work to pay for it. Is this the right choice? That is an interesting discussion: I can take either side of it. I know of a few people who have chosen to work less. They live a sparser life - generally working at WalMart or some such because the better paying jobs won't even give you the option of working less hours - this is a choice they made and they are happy with their life. It is well known that there is a spike in deaths just after people retire: most people don't actually know what to do with more leisure time, and their work hours also double as part of their social hours. As such for many people working for luxuries is the correct choice. Wealth is NOT a zero sum game. Yes the rich are getting richer, but so is everybody else. The Middle class is richer too. Most people have multiple TVs with none smaller than 25 inches. Poor people today have 40+inch 1080 color TVs. Poor people often with a video game system. The Poor have cell phones and computers with internet service. No amount of money could get any of that in the 1950s, now it is considered normal for the poor to have them - legally. If you think houses were better quality then you know nothing about construction. They might LOOK better, but in today's houses engineers have actually calculated wind load to ensure it will stand, r-values to ensure you can afford to heat it, and other safety standards so it doesn't kill the occupants. Of course most of that is invisible, you see something that seems like is is not flimsy and don't realize it is strong enough, while may things that seem strong are brittle. >You don't need POSIX at all if the language has a rich set of libraries. Agreed, but that increased the cost of porting a language to the new platform. The larger (and richer) the library the more expensive it is. Unless your large library is built on a smaller internal library (like Posix). Note that I'm arguing that C was the first to really achieve this. I'm not arguing C is the best choice, not am I arguing that the other languages couldn't have reached that. There are other languages (some better than C) that could have done just as well, but for some reason didn't. That is one of those "known unknowns". That is something you know you do not know that answer to and can never know. If I pick a random poor third world country and tell you they are you can never be sure I'm wrong - "all those villagers going to the river for dirty drinking have a phd equivalent in spying: they only go to the river when people are looking, the rest of the time they use the running water in the basement of the hut - I'll bet you didn't know those grass huts have mansion sized basement underneath with full electric: see how good they are". This of course completely bogus but you can't actually know that for sure. Experience (across many open source projects) is that the majority of students are gone at the end of summer. The long term benefits you cite are great when they exist, but for a project they just don't happen. Most students seem to treat GSOC as a way of getting experience for the commercial world, with no intent to sticking with the project long term. There is nothing wrong with this, and it is a good thing that there are mentors willing to put in effort to help these students. However this is NOT good for the project itself. I'm biased to US construction methods of course. Note that while bricks are themselves of a worse r-value than wood, but wood isn't actually a great r-value either. Note that bricks are not a strong as wood under tension. They do well under compression, but that is not all the loads to account for. Bricks are used in cities and commercial construction primarily because they do not burn and so you can use them as a safety barrier. What innovation is Tesla making? Electric cars are not new. In fact the first production car to reach 60mph back in the day was electric. Aluminum in a production car is a lot more innovative that an electric car. (li batteries in a production car though is innovative) Exactly. I like knowing that there are extra diapers and a change of clothing for each kid in my car should I need them. I carry enough in to cover my current needs, but as anyone with kids known sometimes that isn't enough. I know many people who keep golf clubs in their car because sometimes a salesman is looking to round out a 4-some. I like going to walmart/lowes... over lunch and leaving my treasures in my car. Car sharing won't actually work out anyway because everyone needs their car during rush hour. Everyone is driving then anyway, and then the cars sit idle. I believe that school loans should only be allowed for jobs. If you love art and are interested in "under water basket weaving" as a degree that is great, but it won't pay the bills and so you should save your money to pay for it. When you decide to become a medical doctor, it is understood your eventually worth will pay off reasonable loans. My solution: student loans may be discharged in bankruptcy, but your school records are discharged too. Thus if you get an expensive degree that won't pay off the loan just give up the degree and credits. Doctors will not do this because their pay. Note that loan companies now have incentive to ensure you graduate and get a job. Getting Ds in a few classes: they will cut you off now rather than try to see if you can turn it around. Maybe you can find the money to pay for your next semester one your own and improve your grade, and if you do this long enough they might change their mind and give you loans to finish. The only angle I'm still working out is if someone finishes a degree, declares bankruptcy, and then goes back to the same degree (elsewhere) - they don't have the credits but they presumably know the material and can easily pass all the classes the second time around with a better grade. In rolled out they are, but what will next year bring. Ford, GM and the like are used to a competitive world - for years they have worked behind the scene to perfect something interesting before rolling it out. Ford has lost big in several lawsuits because their cars were not safe enough - as such I would expect them to be a little risk adverse. It would not surprise me if they had the same technology as Tesla but refused to release it because they were afraid of getting sued in one of the crash scenarios they know it is vulnerable to. Tesla tech is level 3 - the driver has to be ready to take over. Can that eventually be turned into level 4? I don't know. Very few students in worthless degree would qualify. Engineering and medical degrees would do much better because good students would not default as the degree is part of what drives their job. car sharing works less well for getting to work because everyone else is trying to get to work then. You may as well own your own car for getting to work because you pay for all the costs anyway. All car sharing buys you is fixed maintenance costs on your car. Car sharing starts to make sense when you want the car outside of rush hour. Want to go to the store for an hour at 2:30, no problem there are plenty of cars free. Want to get to work every day - you are paying peak rates for a car that will probably be used exactly twice that day, once to get you to work and once to get you home. That is only true if the costs of the return trip is free: it isn't. When the car for the guy who arrives downtown at 7am goes back to the suburbs to get the guy who wants to arrive at 8am it is burning nearly as much fuel as it did getting in, and putting just as much wear on the car. The effect is shared cars are more expensive than just a car per person. (Note, this does not account for cost of parking which is a significant factor) We do eat dolphin. Mahi mahi type of dolphin, I buy it at Costco: it is good. Note that IT has good reason for the complex change rules: if they make ANY change to the data base, everyone needs to change. The change itself is simple, but in many cases thousands of programs access the database. If taxes don't go out on time because the program that runs once a year at tax time didn't get updated - the best case is the CTO goes to prison, things get worse quickly. When prison is a very real risk of approving a database change would you approve it? IT is still a risk. High level executives can go to prison for some failures, and tax issues are on the list. It isn't clear if courts will accept software issues as an excuse. English needs to reform out written language as well. It isn't as bad as Chinese, but there is a reason "only two languages commonly have writing competitions: Chinese and English." (I'm not sure who to attribute this to, it isn't mine though I probably got it wrong) Spanish adults read at a 5th grade level, English adults read at a 6th grade level, Japanese adults read at a 9th grade level - this isn't a reflection of education it is a reflection on how difficult the written language is to learn. As a bad speller with a passing knowledge of Spanish I'm jealous: when I hear a Spanish word I can spell it, with English I have no clue. The answer is universally the same across all software ever: no. The space shuttle probably came the closest, and they still had to fix bugs - or in other words there were still edge cases where the software did not work. You can step back from perfection, but then do you draw a line: even the most buggy software often worked a little in some situation. If you have all of the list in software that doesn't work well I can spend the next 5 years fixing bugs and eventually get to useful working software - it won't be the most fun job but it won't be a job I hate. Everything you are missing from the list makes it that much more likely that the missing thing will frustrate me until I just want to quit. the problem is there are 4 $10 chips, 1 $100 chip, and 3 $-50 chips. Pick a $-50 chip and you are negative - note that in this market most chips will make you money, the total loses - I just picked my numbers at random. Now a good manager should be able to look at the signs: most companies that will lose money have plenty of warnings in their various (10k, 8q or whatever) reports, not to mention you can look at an industry and see trends that hit the bottom line. Should is key: many managers fail at this. However becareful when rating failures: the best managers long term have many years of below average performance - not just below market, below their peers are ultimately are not good. The best returns are from seeing a company that is doing bad now, but is going to turn things around in a few years (if you are a large enough you can even force this: buy enough of a company that you can change management). However this often means seeing that a turn around will happen sometimes in the next 5 years and waiting our 3 years of bad returns (and looking really bad!) before it happens. I cannot tell who the best managers are, except in hindsight though. The airlines know that a small number of people will not make their flight. If they plan the overbooking correctly they can fill the plane with happy passengers, some of whom wouldn't have got a ticket, and make it right for the the people who missed their plane (let them on a different flight that wouldn't be full). If they sold tickets up to the plane is full, no more: they would have to charge people for missing their flight since the seat left without them. While that might be legal (and moral?) it isn't something people like to happen to them, so the airlines sell just a little over so that they can tell the guy who missed his flight, "sorry, but you can use your ticket on the next flight so you are only out your time." In short overbooking when it works right is a way to earn some goodwill from people who make a mistake. Not always. Often a revenue stream costs more time (money) than you get from it. Note that the above is tricky. There are revenue streams that lose money by the books, but are worth having because they help something else. An example is a store sells milk at (or below) cost because people come for the cheap milk and buy lots of other things. Fortunately, Facebook seems to have some standards for ads: I don't see the porn/Russian brides/make money fast ads on Facebook like I see elsewhere. (except for a few real world friends involved in some MMF scam who use their personal status to advertise - not Facebooks' fault there though) I do judge publishers by the quality of ads they accept. You cannot advertise a borderline illegal MMF scam and be considered legit. So when I see such ads I assume the news is at best a twisting of the truth, at worst completely fake. Quality editors will take less revenue to ensure that their advertising is not a scam. You can use whatever you want. However as a framework/window manager maintainer I have to make a choice. Adding support for one takes years: I do not have time to add a second. I choose wayland because the people behind wayland worked on X for years and designed wayland to fix real design issues in X (as opposed to imagined design issues in X which most previous X replacements looked at), so I trust them. I don't have any reason to believe the people behind mir know what they are doing. Sure you can use both, but if you choose mir you are limited to just the applications ubuntu chooses to provide. If you choose wayland, you get almost everything else because all the toolkits all choose wayland. * I'm not actually a framework or window manager maintainer. I follow their blogs though, and this is essentially what they say. Your point 1 is wrong. The original quote is "adding people to a late project makes it latter". This quote is true, but it only applies to late projects. A project that is not late is in a more complex situation, and can often benefit from adding more people. Once you pay the price to get everyone up to speed they can all contribute which in many cases can double the long term speed. There is of course a limit, eventually you get too many people, but Wayland is not in danger of that. I believe Wayland would be better off with triple the team size long term. It would let them fix numerous bus problems, allow more code review, and speed them up. I would gladly take slower progress short term to get faster progress long term. Unfortunately code like wayland demands the best programmers. A .01% speed increase in many parts is noticeable to the end users. There are tons of bugs in graphics drivers (and hardware) that have to be worked around at the wayland level. There are many variations of what the hardware can do and they need to take advantage of each one while still working on systems without that feature. As such wayland (like X before it) is unlikely to ever get enough people. Actually it is a good metric. However the metric is not a linear shape, but within 20% of linear. If you are not within 20% you need to do something about it. In general once you are within that further effort towards perfection is not desirable. Remember the real goal: money. Sometimes it is money from sales, sometimes it is money saved. (even in case of a charity where there are higher goals money is a proxy for the real goal since it can be applied to the goal in some other way). If management can predict with reasonable accuracy when features will be done they can translate that into how much it will cost. Then they compare cost vs expected rewards (expected rewards is the job of marketing) and decide if they should focus on feature A, B, or both. Note that many managers fail to understand error bars. There is no way to know exact numbers. However you can predict your likely error, and if the error is too high you can spend more money to reduce the error. I recommend the book "how to measure anything" for more detail. In the mean time when management wants perfect linear burn down charts, there is only one way to achieve them: overestimate your stories, finish them early and then go home. If you are paid for a 40 hour week you should average about 15 hours a week, but once in a while you will need to work a 40 hour week (60 hours every 10 years or so). Most management considers this unreasonable (for obvious reasons), but if a perfect linear slope actually is that important to them they will agree. To the extent that AirBnB hosts are violating their contract with the landlord, the state should be involved to enforce that. However if the host owns the property (or has contract permission to sublet) the state should not be involved. The state may also get involved is someone (guest or legitimate owner) is affecting their neighbors (excessive noise for example). I can recognize that some AirBnB's are not legal even while arguing that as a whole the idea should be legal. You are correct, but I disagree with those zoning rules in general. Specific zoning rules that prevent behavior that is significantly negative to the neighbors I'll allow, but most zoning is about keeping some other class (generally blacks or poor) out. Let me give you an example that will make the problem clear: I live in Des Moines. I have family in El Paso. A regular daily flight from Des Moines to El Paso would average about 2 passengers each flight - but some days the plane would be empty, others it would have 5. Depending of course on when various people/families in either city decides to visit the other. With the hub and spoke model instead they fly 60 people from Des Moines to a hub, and then 4 transfer to the plane to El Paso, 2 to the flight to (pick a random tiny city). On the return trip they collect all those people again. Of course if you live in New York city this doesn't matter to you: New York is large enough to have a direct flight to nearly every small city, and could fill them even without being a hub (though as a hub they can fill larger, more efficient planes). To those of us to live in tiny cities we cannot get to other tiny cities because the flights just don't exist. The downside is we pay about twice as much for our tickets as we are paying for two tickets, but we can still get there. Any time an airline notices a lot of people trying to get from one city to another they will add direct flights. Computers are good at figuring out where the demand is and airlines know a nearly full direct flight will capture the a lot of tickets that otherwise might go to competition. Big vacation destinations thus do not have to be a hub to get regular direct flights. A hub will always be in a fairly large city: a hub city has a lot of non-stop flights to all over. Not only does the hub capture the small cities nearby, it also captures most of the traffic to other small cities far away from the large city. Chicago [same for New York] is large enough that it will be a hub: enough people want to get from Chicago to every other city that if you don't offer the direct flight someone else will. From there people will figure out you can get from Chicago to anywhere they will will make it a hub despite your wishes. The other part is historical. Minneapolis was a hub for Northwest Orient Airlines because it started in Minneapolis and thus made that their home hub. Delta eventually bought Northwest and got the hub with the deal. They decided to keep Minneapolis as a hub. I don't know what the situation is with San Francisco. I suspect historically planes needed to stop there for fuel before crossing the ocean. That is just a guess though. it isn't just cheapness. Minneapolis has built a large airport. If delta threatens to move out Minneapolis will sell those extra gates Delta is no longer using to someone else who wants to start a hub. In the mean time where ever Delta relocates too needs to builds a lot of gates and probably runways - even though the city ultimately wants to be a hub I'm not sure the city is willing to pay for all that. I just remembered another consideration: The geographical center of North America is in North Dakota. Minneapolis is the closest large airport. As such it on average uses the least fuel to use Minneapolis as a hub. Though why Fargo isn't a hub by this logic I don't know. Also a population weighted geographic center is probably a better consideration than just pure geographic. Actually the more interesting case is your first: some list is appended to indefinitely. The memory isn't leaked in that you can access it, but by the act of not cleaning it up your run time performance slowly goes down over time: each list traversal hits elements in the list that presumably never need to be considered again. (if you are not traversing the list from time to time why are you keeping a list?) Several real world bugs have been root caused to some variation of this. I think the right answer is what we are missing a middle ground. All the "leaks" are weird special cases. I think modern C++ is getting closer to the right answer: you always have to think about object lifetime, but sometimes the thought is easier than others. One of the things C++ gets right is deterministic destruction. 5-10% of the time this is important. In particular C++ has the ability to manage resources other than memory along with object lifetime. (Python has a simplified for of this, I don't know about other languages). Of course the inverse is: 90% of the time deterministic destruction is not important. 80% of the time object lifetime is easy: this object is tied to the stack lifetime (if you have a garbage collector is should be a fatal error if the object is accessible outside of the stack lifetime). Of this 5% of the time deterministic destruction when the stack frame goes out of scope is important. Generally stack based destruction uses less CPU than real garbage collection. (though real garbage collection may move destruction outside of the performance critical parts) Then 15% of the time the object is shared outside of the stack, but reference counted garbage collection will take care of it. Of that maybe 2% is cases where reference counting (deterministic destruction) is important, the other 13% other garbage collection is better. 4% of the time you have a shared object outside of a stack frame that cannot be reference counted, but other garbage collection algorithms will work just fine. The last 1% of the time something weird and complex is going on. You will need your best engineers to spend a lot of effort making sure you have all the cases right, and this effort will continue as long as the project lives. Note the the above percentages are educated guesses. They seem right based on my experience, but every problem domain is different. I'm not aware of any formal study of the problem. (I can't even think of a useful way to run one) You say your reasons are more important, but your actions don't seem to back that up. If your reasons were more important you would find a new job - perhaps making less money (it is understood that you might have to work the bad hours for a couple months while looking). Beyond that, importance is different to everyone. To the company it isn't just your reasons, it is also if they give you the better shift they look anti-family. So they are not only risking you or the other guy quitting, they are also risking dozens of other people deciding this isn't a company they want to work for. $10k MMR sounds like a lot of money, but it is not. Most people who have never run a business fail to realize how much overhead there is - costs that the business has to pay that isn't labor or obvious materials. If you make a widget from iron it is easy to calculate the cost of the iron in the widget. Did you ever consider how much toilet bowl cleaner is in each widget though, what about your time to clean the toilet? (once you are making more money you pay someone else to clean the toilet, but you still have to account for your time checking that they actually clean it) $10k MMR sounds like a lot, but after overhead I would expect it would give you the equivalent of $50k/year in salary - I think most people reading this make more than that. To answer your question: The day all your other investment dries up in the worst case. If you have no job or savings you can probably live 3 months on things like your credit cards and not paying the landlord - after those 3 months you better have enough income to start paying your personal debt. That is you need to send the landlord a check for at least 1.5 months rent and with a promise to pay the rest off soon. Likewise you need to be able to buy your groceries with cash and pay down the credit card dept you ran up. It should go without saying that in those 3 months your personal bills should be just enough to stay alive. Note that the above is the worse case. If you are in month two of the above situation and realize that you won't make the $10kMMR number you should cut your losses, declare bankruptcy and find a day job. You probably have some savings to live off of though. This means that you have some flexibility. If you are in month 2 and realize you won't make the 10kMMM you can decide if you cut your losses now or not. You have an idea of what your overhead is, who your real competition is and what your leads are (and thus likely future MMR - though don't get over optimistic), if you think things will get better continue, if not cut your losses: you can probably sell to a competitor for a small price and make everyone happy. If you have investors who are any good at all they have considered your business plan. Sometimes they will insist on the 10kMMR or they will exit, other times they will agree to fund a plan that won't make money for months - but the plan covers that and you have enough income from the investors to live. There are always other considerations to. 10kMMR is a good number, but you have to figure out how it applies. If your target market is snow plows you should expect your entire income to come during the 3 winter months, and 0 the rest of the year. Thus in winter your MMR needs to be at least 40kMMR, and you need a savings plan of some sort to get through summer. Don't forget that you can sometimes moonlight. Maybe your ideal is only worth $2kMMR. If you can support this business working only 8 hours a month you keep (or find) a day job for most of your income. That extra 8 hours a month works out to $100/hour after overhead. This again changes the calculations. Actually Vanguard claims they care more: active investors will get out if things go bad - they might even make decisions that are good short term bad long term. Vanguard is in for the long term so they care more. One of the things Vanguard can do is ensure good management is in place. Vanguard is the incumbent in index funds. They invented them, and it was many years before anyone else offered them. Vanguard is not as passive as you think. they don't trade often, but they do trade. Their S&P500 fund doesn't just hold stocks in the S&P500, it also holds other stocks that could have been but S&P500 had S&P not limited the index to 500 stocks. Vanguard fund managers regularly make active decisions on what stocks to buy/sell. Vanguard is not nearly as active is most mutual funds, but they are not entirely passive either. You are both correct and wrong: I want X/0 to immediately crash (fatal error) before the bad data that caused my to try to divide by zero gets propagated farther. Now that I think about it, I really want X/Y where Y is "close" to 0 to crash too. Of course I made the above up on the spot, but it is a reasonable thing to do for some situations. Those who know floating point math are well aware that dividing by something close to zero tends to result in very large errors, vs the true answer. (particularly if the division is part of a larger calculation) No, that isn't a limitation with TDD. That is a limitation of imagination, and can happen to any programmer. (proving the code correct is most likely to catch this - but even that can fail in some cases) TDD just means that when discover the bug and add the missing try/catch you don't accidentally break something else. On a small app that is a good idea. However on a massive app you need to break things down more. I work on a project with > 10 million lines of code, there is no way any human can understand everything in detail. As a result I need to test at a smaller scale which is not my public interfaces, but my interfaces to other people. Automatic transmissions in American cars were used hydraulic fluid based computers in the 1980 - I recall taking apart a transmission with my dad and looking at the hydraulic controls. I don't know when they changed over to electronics, my guess in late 1980s. I suspect all auto manufactures stuck with hydraulic controls for a while - transmissions are ultimately controlling hydraulics so electronics didn't save complexity (CPUs give other advantages that make them worth it in the long run) I'm not clear what you mean by "reused what I saw in OSM". You probably can get by with comparing google maps to OSM, but if there is any difference you need to physically go to the error location yourself and see what is really there. It is common for map makers to intentionally put a few errors on their maps, if those errors appear in someone else's map that is proof of a copyright violation. The location and names of roads is a fact that cannot by copyrighted, but errors are a creative work that is subject to copyright. I first heard about this in the 1980's when map meant paper, I suspect google is doing the same thing in some form. It is something that people people who hear about unit testing and discover dependency injection often do. Much test advice is around testing small units of code, and with dependency injection you inject a mocked interface which must be good, right? Maybe, but it is hard to do this. The are not a lot of airplanes made every year the global market is less than 10,000 per year and most of that isn't commercial airplanes. (Quick google says that General Aviation accounts for 5000 airplanes, while AirBus is about 600 and Boeing is about 700 - I know there are a few more makes not counted in the above numbers but this is enough to say less than 10,000). With production numbers that small you cannot get many scale benefits from producing airplanes. If airplanes were as common as cars you would see little KIA two seat airplanes selling for $15,000. Honda and Ford would be a little more. But we need to ship a lot more airplanes for that to work. Maybe, maybe not. If you have an all new product you need to get into the market fast. Once you have the basic features working you need to see if customers really exist. Even if it means your customers have to try everything twice because you crash the first time, if they buy your product you fix the bugs they see so that it mostly works and move on. However if you don't have a new product you cannot do that. If you want to release something where the market already exists you can just do one part better you need to be as good in everything else. Tesla didn't release their original roadster without a heater, in the 1950s heaters were optional. You need to figure out which market you are in and release accordingly. Getting this wrong means the death of your company. If you are in the first investors are taking a risk that people will want your product - it would be stupid to invest in perfection when customers might decide your product doesn't fill a need, better to abandon your interesting but useless product early. However when you are in the second you need to meet your user's expectations - thus I don't need to check the feature list to tell you Tesla comes with a working heater standard. Expectations is also why the early reviews of Tesla showed a tow pulling it away with a dead battery - the equivalent stupidity in a gas car would be the tow truck charging $10/gallon for gas and you are on your way in a few minutes. (Tesla has been mostly successful in managing expectations in the years since - now everyone knows it isn't the best car for cross country trips but you can do it once in a while with a little planning - there is a lesson in this too when you are a little different in an existing market make sure the downsides of your different are understood) Maybe - what is the situation with bears. Are there too many for the ecosystem or not. This needs to be handle on a case by case basis. Man has greatly changed the ecosystems of the world. (this is ongoing). Some of it has been for the worst, but we have been correcting things too and some of our corrections have gone too far (or perhaps reached an end of their useful life?) No, accuracy doesn't tell us anything about usefulness. If the test is cheap and it brings in people for a better test and thus saves lives it is useful. The only real danger is if people decide that since the watch says there is nothing wrong so they can ignore other symptoms. It is something like chest pain: most of the time chest pain is not a symptom of a heart attack, but it is best indicator we have so you go to the emergency room when you have chest pain. Doctors there can evaluate your situation. I don't know C#, but I know in C++ I have been burned because I mocked a real class - but I didn't override some function and so my test ended up using a mix between the real class and the mocks leading to code that wasn't testing what I wanted it to. Often the tests pass, but there is a lurking bug. That is a useful point, but not reason to disagree. In this case a cheap test that indicates you need a better test is useful. The risk of false positives needs to be considered, but that is for medical professionals. Even if the ultimate answer is for most people nothing more is done it still gets people into the doctor to explain what else they need to look for before a test is done. > If someone fixes or adds something valuable to GPL source code and wants to charge for it, then why not just charge for the patch or the additional code? You can legally do this, but it will not be easy. You cannot distribute a binary in this way, if you do your patch becomes GPL so the first person who buys your patch can legally give it to everyone else. That means you have to sell the source code to your patch and your customers have to build the binary themselves. You need to ensure that your customers understand that they cannot distribute any binaries they make. (they probably can distribute it within their company but they need to have some process to ensure that their employees know they cannot distribute this) If anyone is thinking about this, make sure all sales include your lawyer: you will need to ensure that your customer understands all the subtleties otherwise the courts might decide your patch is GPL. > On what grounds do you have no right to use a copy of software you bought without obtaining an additional license from the vendor To use software you probably have to install it on your computer - this makes a copy of the software. Then when you run it you make another copy into your computer's memory, and additional copies in the the CPU's cache. I don't agree with the above argument (I think fair use covers it), but I have heard it. It isn't hard to read the letter of the law and conclude the above is the correct interpretation. (you might need to see some money...) I honestly do not know how to fix the letter of the law. There are too many special cases. If I have two computers can I install it on both? Can I install it for my family to use? When my computer fails can I install it on the replacement? The above are trick questions: I deliberately asked them to invite answers that imply I can install one copy of software on as many servers as I want for as many users as I want - this seems wrong. Sure you get to re-write them, and you are a fool not to. However the rewrite needs to be spread out over 30 years. Note that after 10 years your replacement needs to be rewritten as well. The trick is figuring out what this the priority. There is some 40 year old software that mostly work: it runs fast enough; it doesn't have many bugs; it doesn't follow best practices that the software world has discovered since; and it rarely needs new features. This code needs to be rewritten but the value just isn't there. There is other code that at only 5 years old needs to be rewritten: it is full of bugs, new features have been tacked onto an architecture that wasn't designed to support it - this software needs to have a large budget given to fixing it in the long run this will save a lot of money. Most projects are somewhere in between, you should give the team a little extra time/budget so that they can keep the maintenance up to do and it will never get much worse. Note that if the copyright is registered before hand the infringement occurs actual damages changes to triple actual damages. (In the US) registering a copyright is cheap, but for software you have to register each version separately which adds up quick. You have to register copyright before you can sue for violations in any case. Most of the time lawyers advise the policy that you don't register until you are ready to sue for a violation. You only get actual damages but this is typically enough. However if you believe someone is actually going to violate your copyright (or you want to spend $25 + plus lawyer fees) you should register before you release software: you will get triple damages. I'm not sure what damages means in terms of the GPL though. In the case of a book you can say the book sold for some amount of dollars so every sale of your illegal copy cost me that amount of dollars. The problem is there are too many brands. Get mad at the GM deal, 3 years latter buy a Ford, then decide it is American cans and replace the Ford with a Honda, Honda is bad buy a Toyota, then onto Volkswagen, Kia... and back to GM because maybe they have gotten better in the last 20 years. Dealer loyalty is not something you have so they have no incentive to make you want to come back: you probably won't anyway. If you a a buyer for a large company (ie a fleet of plumbers) you will find your dealer is more responsive. Not only does it get the large sale today, but he knows you will be back next year for more if he treats you well because there are advantages to having all one make of vehicle in a fleet. 4 companies come into existence because historically the first US cell phone band was given in two parts, one to the local land line monopoly, one to someone else. All these were in small blocks of geographic area. The winners of this frequency started building cell towers and selling phones and quickly discovered their customers didn't like roaming changes. As a result they started consolidating: lots of little merges and buy outs. The land lines mostly became Verizon over the years as land line companies realized that running a cell phone network and land line are different enough that they couldn't do each effectively and so they spun the business off. In the mean time another block of frequencies was opened up and the result was 4 more companies got spectrum in each area (not the same areas of the first), and they too started merging. The big 4 are big because they have merged and/or bought enough spectrum to be essentially nationwide. There are some smaller regional companies left that are not nationwide. In defense of these medical devices, that is actually a FDA requirement. The entire combination of the system is certified to work, and even one patch for a security vulnerability leaves open the possibility that the patch breaks something and people die! Of course it goes without saying that you need to ensure that a virus cannot run on this machine by some other means. If these machines can get infected they automatically loses certification and cannot be used for medical purposes. The bookies in aggregate get paid, but not all of them have the same customer base and so some lose. I knew a bookie who lost nearly $100,000 on the world series - everybody knew that the White Socks would win that year and they did (2005 against the Astros). Thus every one of his customers bet on the white socks. Now someplace in the world was a different bookie (probably one living in Huston) who made big money because his customers bet on the Astros who lost. In Vegas they set the odds based on the overall nationwide averages and bookies on average won but not all. If you are a bookie you have to have enough saved up for a few of these events. Overall you will win, but sometimes your balance of customers is such that you cannot beat the spread. He knew going in that he would lose money, but you cannot refuse when someone wants to make a bet as that person will find a different bookie for the next time and not come back to you. (I suspect he was taking illegal bets so the fact that he paid up added to his reputation of someone you can trust in the underground economy) Easy for your to say. I have been unable to do my job for a several days because some update broke a service I was using. Sure the service was badly written, but we didn't know that until the patch was applied. The phone company used to have (they still might, I'm not in the business anymore) large labs that were small replications of their network. I've been in meetings where the goal was to decide if we should try to get our latest release through their process - if yes and we were successful they would pay big for the latest features, but if yes and it failed [I can't remember, I think we had to pay them for test time, but the contract was complex]. A lot of time was spent looking at every known bug to decide if it was important. I do not want kids who learn only what they are interested in. I know too many adults who don't like to read, hate math... - they never would have learned to read or do basic math if they had not been forced at some point. Learning what you are interested in is fine when you have the basics and want to fill some time. It doesn't matter to me if you learn to welding or piano - both are interesting and could potentially make you money, but neither is core to life. You could add hundreds of other things to that list. Learning can start with your interested, but at some time you will realize something is hard. At that point you need something higher to force you to buckle down and study when it isn't fun anymore. I think all great piano players can tell you that there was a time their tried to stop playing completely and their parents didn't allow it. All the things you list correlate well with academic success, but which is really required? We know that in the era of lead paint plenty of kids did well in school. I can make good arguments for most of the rest that plenty of kids do well in school without them. Computers are a tool. Because they are the new things it is hard to see that they are just tools, so I like to start with this related question: do hammers improve education? Lets look at that question first. I have never seen a math teacher who I would trust with a hammer. English (language) classes might have a paper mache hammer - one student made as a prop for a play and it has been hanging on the wall since. Physics teachers need a cartoon oversized sized rubber hammer. Shop class will have 60 different hammers, for some types there will be one for each student. Art class will have a couple, and once in a while borrow a bunch from the shop class... Now that our mindset is correct we can re-ask the question: are computers useful? The answer is what are you going to do with them. Part of modern English (language) class is typing. Starting perhaps 3rd grade there should be regular streams of reports handed in electronically. As students get older much of the literature they need to read is available free on a computer and hard to find in paper form. Other than a caution about handwriting and spelling still being useful skills I expect to see a lot of computers in language classrooms. As the kids get older things like web pages will be added to English class. (web pages have more in common with journalism than computer science!) When the kids get older I expect art to be done on a computer, but for elementary aged kids art with messy paints is better than the computer. (some professional artists find painting on a computer is better than real paint: it works the same way until you want to hit undo or need the paint to dry at a different speed - but that is for older kids) Math is about reasoning through a problem. Computers running flashcards can be useful at times (single digit addition, subtraction, multiplication should be memorized), but ultimately computers are easily harmful to the goal of teaching reasoning. In fact real math problems the arithmetic is easy enough that not being able to do it is a sign you made a mistake. Science is like math, except the real world is messy and so an equation solver is helpful. Most of the learning is actually before the point or writing up your report though, and not using a computer is an advantage as it forces you to think about how you will measure something. Shop class (though this barely exists anymore - I think this is a great loss) should cover CNC and 3d printing. Interesting idea. However your model - like all interest based learning models - fails because learning is hard. How will you force kids to memorize their multiplication tables, their spelling lists... These are things that are hard to do and interesting. (note once you get good things like spelling bees are fun, but until you are good it is not fun so few kids will cross that gap) When someone says make a video to me I think taking a bunch of clips with a camera and putting them together into a video. Since I have already assumed a camera all that is left is editing, and I'll take a computer over a tablet for that. I agree that taking the clips the tablet is better than with any computer. > In an ideal world I would think you could buy a laptop and then save money on books, School books are normally overpriced, but they are expected to last 5 years. A laptop will not survive 5 years in the hands of a kid, and even if it does it is so obsolete that you wouldn't want to use it. The big companies can make their own. The next smaller companies will gather together and create a company (this is essentially how ARM started) to create one chip that works for all. Is my dishwasher in the kitchen a robot? Justify your answer (either is acceptable, I'm looking for your reasoning). Ford outsources a lot of work of this type, as does everyone else. However Ford does watch their partners (how much I don't know. My studies of Honda says Honda is concerned about their suppliers, but I never got interested enough in the subject to see how/if it generalizes) If you have good health you can work to better your life which turns into a home. If your health is bad you may not have the ability to make your life better. It is the old teach man to fish vs give him a fish thing, but with a twist. Someone who is physically unable to fish (ie disabled) will not eat for a lifetime no matter how much effort you put into teaching. Your point about stability is important, but it not a major factor for large numbers of poor people. (don't get me wrong, for others it is the large factor) There is actually a lot of research into how to conduct interviews for useful answers. They all come down to you need a deep discussion. What works well is some form of "tell me about a time when ...". The candidate gets to tell a story of their choosing, but the discussion is long enough that they can't keep track of their lies... Maybe, but the remanufacturer would argue back that they didn't take ownership of the cartridge, they just added toner which never transferred ownership. It is quite likely that Lexmark sold the cartridge to a reseller (think walmart) who sold it to the consumer. Thus Lexmark may not be able to sue the end users successfully because there was no contract - though they could sue the reseller (walmart in this example). Of course suing your customers is a PR disaster even if you would win. Suing resellers is a bad idea as they will never carry anything you make again which means you might win one round but you can declare bankruptcy. Even if sue OfficeMax with a promise to not sue Walmart, expect that walmart drop you anyway as they cannot afford that risk. The problem is the cartridge is a significant cost. If Lexmark gets the cartridge back and refills it their costs are lower than their competition. There is a reason HP sends a free shipping return label with all their cartridges: it isn't about being green (though that is a nice bonus), it is about recycling. Possibly, but why? He has to learn everything there is to know about being on the supreme court (including things like where to park in DC), and all the other work he is expected to do. All this to weigh in on a case that was 7-1 (and the 1 was a minor dissident), so his voice would mean nothing to the result, and it would inflame the Democrats (in this case - if a Democrat did the nomination the Republicans would be inflamed) who would look extra hard for a reason to impeach him. If congress is close such a thing along might be enough to impeach. If this ever happens it will probably be a 4-4 decision where the other justices - knowing they are tied - ask for a tie breaker. Expect there to be a lot of publicity: they will want to make it clear to everything that everything is being done right. This probably includes redoing the oral hearings for the benefit of the new member. There needs to a middle ground. While it is true bad APIs need to go once in a while, a lot of them never should have come in the first place, and if some work had been put into getting them right in the first place they would still work just find today. Not perfect mind you, but just a little effort would be enough that we wouldn't have to deprecate them. I think the Web is moving in this direction, though I don't know how well. Freeze is a business decision, NOT a technical decision. How much risk is acceptable to them is the question. If they want low risk than they need to freeze early, if they can stand risk then they can freeze latter. If they want the best of both worlds then they need to invest in automation (build and test) up until the point where the costs of automation exceed the value of lower risk with a late freeze date. Remember you need to work in their terms. Risk is something they understand. The risk is they ship as soon as the last feature is done, without discovering that the last feature broke everything else. From there they move back, the last feature is done, so we do a 30 second sanity test - increase that to 30 minutes, 1 week, 1 month... They should have charts (if not create them) showing how long after a bug is introduced is it discovered on average, use those charts to help guide the decision. If the freeze time frame is too long then they allocate budget to fix it, or otherwise plan around this. There are a lot of options, but they are not technical. Turbos are fairly accessible, and so it isn't a lot of labor to replace (a few hours), and the turbo itself is only a few hundred. The real worry about turbos is the common failure mode is it starts putting engine oil into the intake. In a gas engine that probably doesn't mean anything, but in a diesel engine that results in a run away engine: max throttle, higher RPMs than the engine is designed for - all while they engine is burning away its own oil that might protect things until the engine explodes. (In modern engines they put throttle valves specifically to shut off air if this happens, but old timers in industry can tell you stories) Judging two trips to Europe in the past 20 years I'm going to suggest that those parking meter things are replaced about every 10 years. If EVs start to take off I expect that cities will move to US style parking meters with a built in chargers as they replace their meters on the normal cycle. Note the I've seen a lot of the Europe style meters in the US. Each city gets to choose, and the one machine for numerous parking spaces has some advantages, and other disadvantages. Because it is "harmless" and supports the oil change companies therefore they spread the myth that you need to change your oil more often than is required as a treat to your engine. > Factor in the time you save by never having to run the myriad errands required of petrol car owners Actually the EV takes MORE time fore those myriad tasks. With the EV you take an extra minute every night to plug it in, and an extra minute to unplug it in the morning (most of this is time to coil the chord - maybe the time is only 30 seconds, it of course depends on how the location of the charger relates to the front door). With a gas car you spend 10 minutes once every two weeks to put in more gas. As a result the EV cots you 5 minutes a week. Note that the time for an EV is part of the routine so it is easy to forget about it, but it is still real time. That is the license terms, but so long as you haven't distributed it before you go to sales and explain the situation they are willing to come to an agreement. Probably this means you pay for all the license term you should have. Something to that effect is even on their pages if you dig around. The important part is once you realize you have the wrong license you contact sales admit your mistake and make a good faith effort to correct things. A lot of contracts are design build though. One company bids to design and build the bridge. The cost overruns are back on them. I'm running for president, fund my trips around the country, and my ads on TV. Nobody in their right mind would elect me, but I have yet to see a fair way to exclude me. livestock farmers have to get a vet to prescribe their antibiotics. Even a few years ago when they didn't they were not allowed to use antibiotics that were useful in humans. Antibiotic resistance is a real thing, but livestock farmers were not a major concern. Those farmers were consistent and controlled in their use (and couldn't sell anything with detectable levels of antibiotics in it). The real problem was humans who got an antibiotic take it a couple times, felt better and stopped, allowed the bacteria that had a little resistance to survive. It is amazing I'll grant, but it is useful? Are they building cities for nobody to live in, roads that nobody will travel, and bridges to nowhere? If so (which they have been accused of though I don't know the facts) it is wasted effort. All those workers could have stayed home to play go in the park and been just as productive without the environmental downsides of building infrastructure. Note that building infrastructure "too far" in advance is wasted effort. You end up with infrastructure designed for yesterdays needs that needs updating when you need it. (ie houses with coax that cannot handle digital TV, not wired to internet.) You also lose any useful advances that might happen (brand new never used air conditioners that use so much energy you can buy a new one just on the energy savings over a couple years) Use you need to plan and build for tomorrow. However do not do too much as you don't know what tomorrow will bring. They are not building many interstates, but existing ones are being expanded around cities. They are also upgrading a lot of little two lane country roads to freeways - except for the name they are interstates. As far as we can tell. Pex is just polyethylene or (C2h4)n - there is nothing about that chemical formula to be particularly concerned about. It doesn't leach anything - when pure water is desired it the most common pipe to specify as it is cheap and works well (glass is better but that is mostly because glass does not allow air to through to dissolve in your water - and obviously more expensive) The alternative is copper and cPVC. cPVP is just another plastic. Copper leaches copper into your water (though not harmful for most purposes), and is attacked by common water ph to corrode and ultimately break requiring replacement (though this takes about a lifetime). Copper is more expensive - 10 feet of copper pipe will cost as much as 100 feet of pex, and you have to join the copper every 10 feet: more expensive labor. The claimed worry is impurities from manufacturing exposes workers to them when the pipes are first turned on. Note that there is no particular reason to believe those objections do not apply to approved pipes. My opinion is they don't like the idea of pex because it is less labor which means less money for them. I personally use pex for all my plumbing in my house. It is cheap, quick and easy. The US is doing a lot of building. Not as much as China, but more than enough to be good at it. The US non high speed rail network is also huge. However it handles freight not people so few people realize just how great the rail system is here. (our passenger rail is terrible) > There is no other language, for example, that is close enough to English that we can get about half of what people are saying without training and the rest with only modest effort. You mean like English as spoken in the American South, vs Australia, vs England? They are each very different from the English I speak, I can mostly understand each, but it takes effort and sometimes misunderstandings happen. So what should we do when a cow gets sick of something that an antibiotic can cure? Incinerate it is the only other option I can think of, otherwise you just get more and more cows sick of something easy to treat. Good question... Regular polyethylene is rated for 50 years in ground (I was researching geothermo at one point), and experts say that is mostly because nobody wants to bother with caring about things that will happen after they are dead. Generally it is believed we should get 200 years out of it, perhaps more. PEX has essentially zero resistance to UV, in sun exposure salutations you get a few weeks of lifetime. Most buildings don't expose plumbing to sunlight though. There are a few (very few) chemicals that attack PEXs, but all the ones I know of are nasty enough that I'd wear full protection if I ever have to work with them - not something I expect drinking water will ever contains. Pex is resistant to any PH I'd want to drink. Where is the line between dialect and language? I'd be more inclined to call Italian and Spanish the same language than Spanish and Portuguese from the little I know of them. True, but that assumes a better algorithm exists that can give the 100x speedup. In a good language (most of them) the common algorithms are somehow implemented in the standard library and optimized - I just use them. Once I finished my degree I never wrote sort from scratch, I just looked up the syntax for calling the sort built into my language. Now it is possible that I can do better than the sort built in - but that is because I know my typical data and so I might be able to make a different compromise: we are not talking about a 100x speedup we are talking about a 1.0001x speedup (and that is only after several months of work to replicate tricks the built in sort already does) (technically I have implemented sort since my degree, but it was bogo sort: I obviously did it only for fun) That is the point: I can spend a couple months hand optimizing a hot spot, but for what CPU? The optimizations I'd do for an intel core i7 are different and intel core i9 - and these are generations of the same architecture try to support AMD ryzen and things are very different. Now add in an ARM CPU (which?)... If I can find a better algorithm I can of course beat the compiler on all of the above. However does such an algorithm exist? Not really though. Perhaps everything is almost entirely false positives, but perhaps he just picked a specific bad example and claims a generalization that isn't true. Or maybe there is a simple trick to turn off the false positives. Or maybe the next version is much better... But how do you know? I know on hindsight a lot of companies that peaked about the time of their offer. Soon after the investors realized that the potential market wasn't as big as hoped and they pull. (some of the companies still exist, they serve their niche well which makes for some profit and keeps a few people on the payroll) My upstream commercial provider is not a US company, which makes a subpoena an international incident: a much higher bar. I also pay them for the service precisely because I want them to consider my best interest: they are likely to fight broad subpoenas. (they have admitted to giving data for a few subpoenas, but this is a small percent of their customers not everyone) You lost me with the "and habits". Bill Gates has said he wants his kids to have enough money to do anything, but not so much they can do nothing. Which is to say you can get a good education, but at some point you need to do something with your life other than gamboling, drugs and prostitutes [you can substitute/add whatever wasteful habits you want here]. It is quite obvious (almost a straw-man) that if everybody did that society would collapse. I want enough of a fall back that people survive. I want it uncomfortable enough that people decide to get a more productive job if they can. (leaving only the disabled to actually live on the basic income) Of course I don't know what your habits are. If they are walking around the park you can do that cheaply, I'm willing to take the risk that you won't get bored quickly doing that. That isn't the question I meant to ask. What I mean is say you have a company and get an lower offer now. Should you take it? (assume that maximizing money is your goal) If the company is at the peak of course you should, it isn't the big offer you hoped for, but it is the best you can ever get. There are a lot of startups that fail. Then there are a fair number that do okay, but never really get big. Then there are a tiny number that gets big. this is a trick question and the fact that I do not have an answer is why I ultimately oppose the idea (everything else I can see the pros and cons going either way so I would want to see how they plays out in practice in our culture before I give judgement on if it is good or bad). The reason it is a trick question is based on the following two real people I know. (I'm trying to hide as many details as I can, but these are real people so there isn't much I can do) Person A was a straight-A student until she dropped out in 10th grade. Then she a few kids by different men - all losers who rarely held any sort of job (she dropped out before getting pregnant, but getting pregnant was her plan). In short the stereotypical image of "folks standing in a welfare line" Person B was born with Downs Syndrome. He is assistant usher at the movie theater, a job he has held for years and does okay in, but when there are problems the head usher (some kid who has only worked there for 2 weeks) takes over. When we are talking person A: she made her bad choices and I have no sympathy for them, she can live well below the poverty line. I make some different choices: when she dropped out her life was better (no school) than mine, but by choosing to continue in school I made my life better. When we are talking person B: life is stacked against him. He was never able to amount to anything, but he has my full sympathies. I want him to have a few luxuries in life that he will never earn himself. There are lots of other cases you can point to where ultimately I want to give a different answer on a case by case basis. If the system is out of memory there isn't much you can do. The general answer is you don't run out of memory in the first place. Linux will kernel panic in similar situations and you are done there too. (in most cases linux unwinds. fails the operation, and continues; but there cases where the only thing left to do is panic and halt) Yes. Most people want a higher standard of living, but if you live in a small enough apartment, walk everywhere, cook your own meals, have only minimal utilities (your furnace exists for the pipes not for your comfort)... it can be done. Food goes up a little bit, and your room is more crowded. Everything else is the same. Go look at the size of a log cabin, they were about the size of a single bedroom today and large families lived in them. My wife is great at scrounging: kids didn't add much to my costs unless we are eating out. You can get last years styles all over for cheap. My kids can have a few stains - they will be putting their own on anyway. Java (1.0) had checked exceptions, if you threw something you had to say what it was in your interface. It Seemed like a good, elegant idea: if I use your API I know exactly what exceptions I need to watch for. It works well in trivial programs, but in anything larger it fails because adding a new exception to something core requires thousands of modifications to the API specification for an exception that I will catch only in a few places. I think Java has made some improvements on this since 1995, but I haven't done java since then so I don't know what. Most of the need in science is in advancing another step. For every major advancement we need tens of thousands of small advancements to refine and work out all the details. Physics was 99% solved in 1880 with just the work of finishing out the constants. In that 1% we were missing was relativity and quantum mechanics, and we know that there is something more but not what. However as big as those two are they are still Yes there are areas of complete unknown in science (all over). However they are complete unknowns: you can spend a lifetime in false starts. In Computer science the P=NP problem has been an important unknown for years and many have spent a large part of their lifetime on it and we still are not close to a solution. This is a known unknown, must of what remains is not even that well defined, just a case where "something funny" happens and we have no idea why and often can't figure out how to replicate it on demand. You cannot be the type that relies on reason alone. You need a large set of facts to reason from. I don't need 2+2=4 - I could reason it out from first principals (where did I get them from?). However when I'm solving a larger problem it helps to know that 2+2=4 without having to figure it out or put it in a calculator. This is why all arguments fail to hold weight with me. You cannot have just one. You have to have facts to reason from, and you have to have reasoning ability to use those facts with. Now I will grant that you can have facts alone. They won't do you any good but you can have them. We can argue about which facts in particular are worth knowing (do you need to know cursive), since there is only so much time in a lifetime to learn facts eventually you need to choose to not learn some facts. It means you cannot reason from those facts, but some facts are not as useful as others. 2+2=4 is a universal fact that should be early on the list of facts to know (bushmen would disagree - it isn't useful to their world). Where was the battle of Bunker hill fought - useless in Australia, part of our shared cultural heritage in the US. It is about compromise. The ideal would be to use real humans for all studies. There are many reasons we cannot do this, about half of them are obvious. (try to come up with the non-obvious ones as an exercise) Mice are cheap, have a short lifespan, and have less ethical concerns so we use them. They are an okay model of humans, which is good enough to say if something fails on mice don't try it on humans. It is an open question of what treatments would work on humans that fail in mice - but this is impossible to study so we will never know how often this happens. (the fringe "coconut oil" groups put it at 5% from what I can tell) I think the degree should be security for the loan. You can discharge your degree in bankruptcy, but you also lose the degree. Your resume legally has to show a blank spot that you cannot explain as anything other than wasting your time. (or possibly working part time if you had a job). Want a new degree, your credits won't transfer so you start over as a freshman. (if you can get in - school is competitive and the bankruptcy is sitting there on your record) I'm curious what would happen if they took Group A just before they started their last piece and said there was a change and the quality of this piece would count. They have now learned a lot about making pottery and one would presume just need a little more effort to perfect it. When you are making rough drafts I agree. However once a rough draft has promise you need to spend a lot of time on it to make it good. I have observed that authors tend to go downhill once they are known. The pressure to publish (more money I guess), along with name recognition meaning they don't have to put out quality work is my theory. > It allows you to ask questions like "What is the likelihood that a curveball is thrown for a strike on a 3-0 count in the 8th inning?" and get statistically significant results. Does it though? medicine is learning that when you do data mining the bar for statistical significance needs to be much higher. When you do the traditional hypothesis/experiment loop and a result hits 95% likely that is good enough. However when you data mine from millions of data points anything interesting is much more likely to be coincidence. Modern statistics is trying to figure out how to handle this. Data mining is good for generating hypothesis that you can then test with a controlled experiment. It can be used in meta-analysis to find small effects that were not significant in individual experiments but when you combine them they are significant. However it is dangerous to use it alone. In more depth, if you look at 100 data points and find 5 things that meet the 95% bar - that is 5 out of 100, odds are that all of them are false positives since you studied 100 things and found 5. (this is a gross simplification of things like p-values, real statisticians will cry about it, but the average person has a chance of understanding) All the big John Deere tractors are drive by wire. The steering wheel has no mechanical connection to the wheels. We (I'm an employee of Deere, though of course I don't speak for them) do some things I cannot talk about to verify that only authorized devices can steer the tractors. How to do this has been given to at least one university interested in self driving tractors - after verifying they will take care of that knowledge (exactly what this means I don't know) The self driving car doesn't need to be perfect, it needs to be better than humans. That is a much lower bar. Self driving cars have already demonstrated their ability to handle traffic better than humans, but there are other situations where they are much worse. In any good sized city there are venture capitalists and angles willing to fund SOMETHING. A number of them do not care where you are physically located (unless physical location is important) and will fund you wherever you are. There is a lot more money in the valley for some reason, but there is still plenty in any great large city if you have a great idea. It is the okay ideas that they cannot fund in other places (note some seemingly bad ideas take off you will see more of that in the valley if this is worth it or not is an open question) Completely eliminated - of course not. There will be the odd medical device, a couple labs, or "grandma" with old hardware. However practically eliminated is possible, even likely. ISPs are moving that way, we are out of IPv4 addresses and all. Eventually penetration will be large enough that some smaller servers will decide that having an ipv4 presence isn't worth it. Probably because the ipv4 static address costs money and ipv6 is cheaper. Radioactive waste often decays into lead. (generally after 30 steps of decay - some of the intermediate steps are a radioactive lead that decays to something else and then back to lead) Here is the chart for radon http://www.ccnr.org/radon_chart.html (radon is of course natural not waste) Sounds good in theory, but there are limits to transit. You need a fairly high population density, and shared destinations. I have never worked in an office where the bus schedule allowed taking it - if I got the first by in and the last bus out I would have worked 7:45 - not a full 8 hour day before you consider a long lunch which is nice at times. Other offices the nearest bus stop was 3 miles away (along a route that was not walker friendly) Sure if you live in an apartment and work downtown public transit works great. However engineering companies tend to not be downtown because rent is so high. It is hard to live within your means when you see everyone else around you get nice things. I know that when I retire (possibly early) I will be glad I saved all my life as I can afford more nice things when I have time. However there is the desire for now. Worse, nothing is guaranteed. I knew people who died young. All my savings will be wasted if it turns out I'm one of those who don't make it to retirement age. The best thing to do could be charge my credit cards to the max and enjoy life as best I can now - letting my estate be bankrupt. We have no way of knowing until after I die what I should have done. The problem is time an materials - when the contractor is ethical - is the cheapest option. Anything else means that someone needs to overbid and make "excessive profits", or risk they underbid and have to make up millions of dollars to finish the contract. However ethical is a key part of this, and we know from experience that not everyone is ethical and we have no way of knowing who will be until it is too late. They get around this by carefully fixing the work to be done - which seems like a great idea, but in construction there are always something you don't know about until you get there. What happens is they bid for standard dirt work and when they start moving the dirt they go back and say "We bid to dig down 3 feet as standard, but there is a sink hole here: do you want us to complete the job as bid knowing the road will collapse there within a week of of finishing or pay extra to fix the sinkhole" (there are millions of variations of this). Of course the only sane thing to do is pay for the design change so it is done right. > Dig yourself a well Where is the water for your well coming from? Your plan sounds good, but the details have to be got right, and we do not know how to get the details right (though we know more now that we need in the past) It sucks because the job is impossible for technical reasons: Just moving 100 meters often changes the correct best practice for long term soil health. How you can you regulate when you need that many different regulations? good soil creates nitrogen on its own that leaks into waterways and destroys fish habitats. The first settlers in Iowa (European - I don't know about the natives before them) learned the hard way that water in Iowa is high enough in nitrates to kill babies. > The truth is soil is likely less important than this article would have you believe. Modern farming and fertilizers have rendered it obsolete. This can be true to some farmers, but it is not to the big ones. Sure you can apply fertilizer, but you pay for that. If you build your soil the first 7 years you will spend more money for less yields, but after 7 years your better soil will yield more than someone who tries to just apply fertilizer. The other problem with the apply fertilizer theory is you can only apply so much. Corn needs nitrogen, but too much will kill (or stunt) the corn. Good soils will produce nitrogen every day in smaller amounts. Of course with we are talking about potassium, that is a mineral and you need to replace what you take off the land either way. So soil health alone cannot be the answer, soil health with fertilizer is ultimately a much better answer. For a single 100 acre field there might be as many as 4 different areas that need a different regulation. You cannot bring that national scale, it requires humans on the ground running soil tests and looking at the results. Iowa is number one in corn because it has the best soils in the world for corn. There is no third world country that can compete with the native soils of Iowa. You can solve all the other issues (many of which are real) and they still lost the location lottery and cannot compete. (some regions can grow two crops a year though which might make them better than iowa despite not as good of soils) there is, and it is commonly used in places by modern farmers. In North Dakota my uncle leaves his fields fallow every third year. Some of his neighbors leave their land fallow for 2 years then farm for one. (this lets them grow crops that need a lot of water in a desert, the two fallow years recharges the ground water) However as I've said repeatedly, the best farming practice isn't the same even on the scale of one field. When you go to a larger scale it gets worse. (in a field the right practice is at least similar, as you move to the next field it often is very different) My question was related to aquifer depletion. Some deserts have great soil, but there isn't enough water to grow anything, try to dig a well and the well will go dry. Contaminants are a valid question too though. Some portions of the bible were written by a scribe who took dictation. Sometimes they took the pen to write something important in their own hand, (normally a closing), but most of it was not written this way. Today we consider their writing formal. Was it that way then though? (I've never actually cared enough about the topic to see if history says anything more) You are in the industry, and thus affected by the issue: the most overly broad, worst case, one sided, law of this type is in your favor. Thus it is unfair to even ask that question at this time. First we need to ask if the law was fair. What are the real concerns of the other side. Did the law address them fairly? Just because you are biased doesn't excuse you from understanding the other side and ensuring that you are fair to them. Next, you need to ensure that you knowledgeable and involved with other issues. You boycotting alone is meaningless as you ultimately are small compared to people who are not in the industry. Everybody has concerns about their domain that nobody else knows about. Are you informed and helping in the local nurse/hospital depute? What about the retails workers issues (the types of people who enjoy working at wal-mart overall)... I'm fine with them saying no. However that means they are paying for my sabbatical for the duration of the non-compete. What I do is not up to them: I have said I do not want to work for them, and they won't let me work where I want, so the only middle ground it getting paid for not working at all. This includes cost of living raises every year. Note, if you are ever in this situation you should not let yourself stagnate. Someday they will decide your knowledge isn't worth the price they are paying and release you. If you have nothing to show for your time nobody will hire you and that is your own fault. I recommend grad school, or get a degree in something else, or make it your full time job to work on open source projects. Generally courts frown on non-competes: they fail to meet the standards of a contract as there is no consideration from one side and a person has the right to support themselves using their knowledge and experience. Courts are sympathetic only when you are taking specific knowledge to the new company and that is a higher bar than most non-competes can meet. Shareholders for Amazon should be concerned that Amazon is letting their employees know too much about plans in other divisions. It is fair to say a VP knows the DETAILED plans of that division enough that doing the same thing for a competitor should be a problem. However VP experience should let him go to a competitor in a different division as his knowledge of the plans should be vague enough as to not matter. Mostly it doesn't matter. If you gave me a compete copy of our competitors source code and there was no restriction on using it I wouldn't spend more than a few hours looking at it. We already have our working code built on our architecture. It is quicker to recreate their algorithms from scratch in our project than to read their code. We might look into their code for something specific (probably their data file format), but even then it is likely we would document what they do and reimplement it in our system from documentation. The above isn't just speculation. In a previous job I made third party scan tools for cars. One manufacture didn't provide their legally mandated documentation. When lawyers contacted them about it they panicked and shipped us their source code and the above is what we did. (giving us source code doesn't meet the legal requirements, but at least it was enough that we could get our features working) I'm saying that it is implicate in the non-compete even if not spelled out. (in some cases courts have rules a non-compete is not a valid contract even if signed because it prevents someone from earning a living) Studies (that I don't know how to look up and probably am remembering wrong) show that the eye jumps forward and back while reading. It is easy to use eye tracking to figure out what word your eye is looking at. They used some scheme to figure out what word subjects were reading, and blurred the rest, and it slowed reading down when the next two and previous words were not readable. Thus the limit is not mechanical as the eye is moving faster than the brain to feed both the current word and preprocessing of the next few. I assume you would call it sed? It isn't necessarily awesome that the US has so many trees. Forests can get overcrowded which is bad for the forest overall even though there are a lot of trees. It isn't just quantity that is important it is the whole ecosystem, those trees that are overcrowded shade out helpful plants on the lower forest floor. Forests in the US generally depend on regular forest fires for health. The US has mostly been putting out those fires and the result is we have a lot more trees than is ideal. > synthetic oil often leads to engines lasting longer This is true in theory, but for most people the rest of the car will fall apart before the engine dies. All the rubber and plastic is degraded by air and sunlight which has little to do with any use patterns. (there are of course uses that put more wear on them as well) A good portion of the cars are junked with so little use that they would have made it that far without any oil changes at all. Of course the oil would be like syrup, and the engine would show other signs of the abuse, but it would still be running well enough to make that last trip before the car is destroyed for other reasons. I have a tractor from 1939. The owners manual states that modern oils are much better than old oils and as a result practices of years past do not apply. (I don't recall the exact wording) If you ask collectors today there is a big debate on if it is safe to use modern detergent oils in those old tractors. > Who are these investors and how hard would it be to make them cut their losses? One of the bigger ones is pension plans for private companies which legally cannot invest in anything sensible. This is why companies are pushing their employees to invest in a 401k: the 401k can invest in something with a nice rate of return. Making them cut their losses might not be hard though - private pensions are generally believed to be underfunded. It is generally accepted that many companies will cut their pensions anyway when they cannot afford them. There are lots of other buyers of debt though. Most people in this situation are forced to reboot at some point because of critical failure (power, or something physically break). Thereafter they carefully reboot on a regular schedule to just ensure everything will come up after the unplanned emergency reboot. We can do both. You log the large valuable trees, and burn the underbrush. A healthy tree will survive a small forest file without problems and it makes it easier for the loggers to get in to cut the valuable trees they want. This assumes you are doing selective logging and not clear cutting. Maybe, maybe not. Trees release moisture into the air (their roots gather this moisture from deep in the ground) which condenses into rain. So long as you get enough water from outside trees will increase the recycling of that water in the local area resulting in more rainfall than no trees. This only works in specific situations though. I don't know if applies to the climate in India. The freebsd foundation gets over a million dollars a year. That isn't enough to beat out Windows or even linux. (I know linux has a foundation as well and I presume has a larger budget, I just don't know the numbers off hand) Is that fair though? If something is only worth 5 to me and 40 to you, and the cost of development is 45 - neither of us along can afford the feature, but if we put aside out different contributions the total is enough to make both of us happy, or neither of are. Your model both of use get nothing when we both could be happy on a different model. Not in California where the mountains are growing at a fast rate (for a geological process fast). The roots hold the mountain up while the trees grow, but when the trees burn those roots no longer have life and the next rainstorm lets the mountain side fall as the mountain has grown. Read the book, it is described much better than I can summarize. This is interviewing 101 though: establish a report with the interviewer if at all possible. If the interviewer tries to be a buddy that is in your favor to go along. No, it would not be a perfect answer, and could work against you: it shows you are not willing to work with me and assume some intelligence on my part (until proven otherwise) and thus you are potentially not going to work well with the rest of the team. I would respond that we have already profiled this code and discovered it is a bottleneck, now answer the question. It won't be hard to overcome the negative impression, but it left a negative that you don't want. Now if you responded in the form "Of course in the real world we don't look at code until after a profiler shows the need. I see X which is suspicious, let me look deeper". In this case the comment is perfect: it shows you trust, but know to verify that trust. It also has the side effect of giving you time to think. Remember, this is an interview situation, I can't give you a realistic 500000 line program with a slow hot spot and ask you to fix: we only have a few minutes (maybe an hour). I have simplified the problem to a single function that is a bottleneck, I want you to analyze this function so I can see how well you can analyze things. Refusing to do something because it hasn't been profiled is not analysis, it is refusing to do analysis. You have been given a problem and been asked to analyze it. That refusal makes you not a team player. Once again, this is an interview. Noting that this scenario (a single function that is known to be too slow for reasons that can be fixed in 10 minutes) never happens in the real world is good - it shows you understand that real world analysis includes elements not included here. Stating you won't do this because you don't have profile data is not being a team player. In the US nearly everyone has no cost roaming and long distance coast to coast. Having a set phone budget is worth more to me than lower costs. I have friends who have gone for the much cheaper budget plan that only covers their local area: they love it for two months then hit a situation where either it doesn't work or they are get a big bill because they forget they traveled to a roaming area. As other have pointed out the population density works against us a little too. Having service when I visit remote places is worth a lot too. The Soviets mostly didn't target ethnic groups. They killed a large number of people, but it wasn't along ethnic lines. (which isn't to say they didn't kill ethnic groups, but most of the killing was other Russians) Most people don't have enough in bank accounts for it to matter. People do tend to price check loans rates. Those who keep more money in their bank account will price check CDs, but for a checking/savings account you are probably looking at around $20 a year if you find the best account - having a local bank close by is worth more than that. Anytime someone says excel I immediately think that they would be better off with a real database. I'm rarely wrong. This is defiantly a case where you want a database. You want all data to go into a write-only table (when you make a mistake the correction needs to be noted and tracked). Then use queries to do your analysis on the raw data assured that you won't make a mistake. A database also does well for collecting meta-data: who entered this data when. Finally a database is very useful for meta-analysis which is starting to become important. You are the investor causing the pathological behavior. A very large part of wall street is investors like you that just have a little bit in their retirement accounts. Do you vote the proxy for all the funds in your 401k? Do you understand how your vote affects the above - it all does. But you are because you own the fund that in turns owns the company. It might not be your intent, and you might not have enough of a vote to stop it, but you are still doing it. (sort of like Americans opposed to the current foreign policy are still at fault for it) Yes you need two pipes, but it might or might not be expensive. If your target it a farmer in the middle of nowhere you have twice as many pipes, twice as many pumps and no real ways to leverage economies of scale. Thus farmers typically have their own private well: they can drill a new well every 10 years for less than the cost of putting a pipe from the nearest city to their house. (wells generally last more than 10 years, but you have to replace the pump once in a while) If you are targeting a downtown then there are high rises all over which increases the population density. The cost of putting in two sets of pipes is not much more than one larger pipe, and the pipes are amortized over everyone in the building on both sides of the roads - figure and extra $.50/month to have the second set of pipes: cheap enough that nobody will care. The above are two different extremes, the only question is where along the spectrum is your question asked? Most of the water we desalinate gets dumped right back in the ocean, add the salt back. Even the water that doesn't get into the sewage system ends up back in the ocean again via the water cycle/rainfall. (meaning we need to worry about local salinity issues but not global) Actually most sewage systems output water that is safe to drink so we can put that water right back into our drinking water system and forget the whole problem over an over again. (If you ban lawns there might even be water left over as food is turned into water and the food probably isn't grown with city water). People generally don't like the idea of drinking sewage though so this will never happen. > in the US the education system still sucks citation? Education is a complex matter. There are many people with OPINIONS on what the best way to teach is. These ideas are in conflict and only rarely does anyone study what really works. (rarely compared to the number of opinions - there could be a lot of studies that nobody knows about when they state their opinion) Humans have a limited lifetime: you cannot teach all possible useful knowledge/skills in a lifetime. I limited this to useful, there is a lot of useless things that are fun to know anyway, somehow those are are interested need time to learn it for fun. I didn't define useful either: is Music/French/Algebra/Sports... useful (I can make either argument for any subject) Why is reading a classic American author important? Reading is important in an abstract sense, but if you can understand written instructions it doesn't matter what you happened to read to get that skill. Likewise, what is wrong with using M&Ms for learning math? a concrete example helps to learn. (to be clear, this is an opinion that I was ranting against in the first paragraph - I don't know if I agree with the opinion but I understand it enough to repeat it) One constant in the US in popular culture is our education system sucks compared to X. We have done well over the years despite that (or maybe because of it?) > Reading difficult work earlier develops higher reading comprehension faster. What makes a classic American author better than a modern author who writes at a high level? (Note that most popular authors don't write at a difficult enough level, but out of the thousands of books published each year some will be high enough - many authors of old did not write at a high enough level either) you may not need to hide it so much as disguise it. There are lots of things swimming in the oceans, some of them big. None as big as a sub, but a well designed sub can potentially present that wake signature. (maybe not all the time, but a sub can choose to go at a slow hiding pace or a fast but visible pace) It doesn't help that human drivers are fundamentally unsafe (even if you restrict the discussion to sober drivers). Making computers safer than human drivers (not perfect) is enough for me to restrict human drivers to private tracks. I am not the only person who has lost a loved friend because of a careless driver. In the days of analog you could connect a walmart cable to the box outside, and your TV would receive cable. The cable box probably had an empty connection on the splitter outside to plug the cable into, and opening the box isn't hard so this entire process was well in the ability of anyone who could change their oil. There were plenty of bootleg instructions on how to bypass the scrambling system to get any channel, though the basic cable channels were not scrambled in the first place. Don't forget that the driverless vehicle will have tracking. Expect to get a ticket complete with video if you do things like that. If you are costing the trucking company money they might be willing to send people to court against you as well (taking you to court might not be worth it, but the teach people a lesson aspect might make it worth it anyway) I grew up in Minnesota where we learned to deal with bad roads. We did drive on them and got good at it. The truth is we went in the ditch a lot when the weather was bad. I have learned which ones to not go to though. Some are worse than others. I know of an out of the way office that is never very busy. (actually this office is more convenient than the much bigger overcrowded one everyone around me uses) > There is no data to make this assertion about computer driven vehicles. Today that is true. I am speculating when I say that autonomous vehicles will be safer than humans drivers. There is enough effort going into developing them that we will soon have that data though. Google's data is already showing promise that the autonomous car is likely to be safer, but they don't have enough miles to be significant. > There is little basis to declare human drivers 'fundamentally unsafe' given the proportion of accidents pales in comparison to the gigantic volume of vehicles on roads worldwide over varied road and traffic conditions. 10.6 deaths per 100,000 people is enough for me to call humans fundamentally unsafe. (though cancer and other medical conditions are bigger) Since humans cannot be equipped with the sensors a computer can (ie eyes on the back of your head) it isn't fair to compare the as if situation. True, but the bank won't be giving those loans if they think the contracts will fall through. Even if the contracts fall through, chicken demand is a known quantity. The farmer has opportunity to find someone else to buy his chickens. I don't want pin. I have half a dozen credit/debit cards in my pocket (the card I use for almost everything, my backup card just in case the first is lost, my HSA card, my company card, a debit card, and the store care for a store I shop at often) there are another half a dozen that the issuers want me to carry but are not worth the space they take up. I cannot mentally manage that many different pins. verification comes in 3 parts: something you carry (card), something you know (card number, pin), something you are (your signature, fingerprint). Generally you need two. However since the card number is memorable (hard but possible) the pin is no additional security. The US had mag stripes in widespread use first. We are looking at 20 or 30 years ago: most of the rest of the world caught up long ago, but they caught up after the problems with mag stripes were known and so the rest of the world built infrastructure to attempt to fix the now known problems. Note too that the US has a legal limit of $50 if your card is stolen. As such to the consumer there is no incentive to care about security. Other countries don't have that protection and so consumers rightly refused to take a change until things were more secure. All that security comes at a cost, one consumers cannot afford to gamble on, but to a larger business can call cost of doing business and weigh against the cost of upgrading security. Your startup can, but should you? Your competition wants to know what you charge so they can undercut you - or if they choose not to undercut you know how much they have to spin that they are better to account for the higher costs. Either way the competition will use your pricing information against you. Now there are other considerations. SpaceX has a number of good PR reasons to want to be upfront about their costs (their competition is regularly accused of cheating the government every election cycle). If you sell retail your customers will ignore you if you don't have pricing information. > US' bad train infrastructure with virtually no high-speed rail at all The US has the best train infrastructure in the world. What is lacking is passenger rail, which gives the false impressions that the infrastructure is bad. Trains are not a very good fit for moving people for the most part. Other countries have stretched those limits to the max which means that they can give the impressions of good train infrastructure. Desktops are standardized: you run on a i386 clone... Of course over time the supported hardware has expanded, but there are a lot of standards to work with. In particular this means that the kernel boots, X starts, and the network connection works. Once you have that can build anything. Mobile has never really worked for FOSS because there is no standard to work with. By the time you get the kernel booting the manufacture has obsoleted that hardware and you don't boot on the next one so you have to figure out why and get it working - just as you do that the hardware is obsolete again. You still haven't got graphics on the screen, or a network connection. Graphics isn't hard and is often finished for those who bought the system before hand, but networking is generally not: mobile means a cell connection that is secret. > NAT is terrible from a network engineering perspective, it was mostly a patchwork to deal with the rapid expansion of the internet and the shortage of IPv4 space NAT is very useful to the network engineer. NAT lets you turn one network into a different one on a simple one-to-one translations basis. However NAP got mixed up with masquerading to the point where when someone says NAT they assume you also mean masquerading when in fact the two are different concepts. NAT when you are doing a many-to-one translations is a disaster in many ways, but it works just well enough (and face it, the alternatives don't exist) I've been warned that the Japanese consider this the way to learn English and if you investigate your "girl friend" you will eventually discover the real boyfriend that she treats like a boyfriend when not with you. YMMV. In an AC power grid, which is what all city scale power grids are these days, there is NO net movement of electrons in the wire. The electron that just went into your "light bulb" will pop out the same wire (not the other) a moment latter without actually reaching the light emitting part. Thus accounting for where the electrons come from is complete nonsense. The field travels at nearly the speed of light, but there is no movement there. Sure, in the downtown commercial areas. Every city I know of does not allow those skyscrapers to have apartments for rent, it is all for offices. (this is one of the reasons nobody in the US walks to work: there is no legal way to get a place to live near work for most people) Note that a skyscraper is probably expensive enough to build that they would not put tiny apartments in it anyway, but the more moderate sized buildings downtown could be a mix of apartments and offices resulting in a usable city. Port cities didn't need the workers (though they are important), they needed the foreign ships. As a result whatever background your dock workers are, they have to get along with the crews of all those ships coming in. If someone is attacking our infrastructure often they will do SOMETHING. I don't know what, but they have no choice. There has been enough ransomware this year that anyone who fell victim is criminally negligent. There are lots of ways to prevent this attack: more frequent backups, more frequent updates, and physical disconnection of the systems (probably more). All of the above should be there in some form anyway. This will probably mean hospitals and the FDA get much stricter about what is allowed on medical devices. You cannot update because of risk: that means you can only have certified software. Microsoft will not like being told they are not allowed in hospitals and in turn will be more secure. It is a race, and whoever is doing this is showing their cards early which gives everybody time to fix things. (I will not claim this there is enough time) Car batteries are very much recycled. Of course lead-acid is different from Li-ion, but the precedent is there. Perfection is impossible, but OpenBSD shows that you can get close: only two exploitable holes is a good track record. Now granted there is a lot of fine print in there (the big one being you need to be up to date - many of the holes people are falling victim to Microsoft has already fixed). OpenBSD puts a large amount of effort into their code audits to achieve that, which is expensive. Microsoft probably will be willing to give devices completely instead of going that far. > there's something about if you knowingly let someone use your copyright without demanding they license it from you, you give up or lose the copyright at some point? You are thinking of Trademarks. In copyrights there is no such thing, and international treaties make it unlikely there will be. In Trademarks you have to use and defend it or it is gone. Thus companies make efforts to be seen defending their trademark: if they can show the court that they have been careful about defending their trademarks they have a stronger case when someone is genuinely infringing. The RIAA does not lose any rights by not protecting their copyright. However they also know sending a message to kids when they are only involved in small illegal act can prevent them from getting bigger, which is consideration they need to think about. Depends on how long you want to take them out. A couple towers or a substation is easy to replace, they will have a temporary tower up in a few hours. They have this ability because a tornado could take out a few towers. Likewise substations fail once in a while. If you take out one wind turbine: they break often enough that it doesn't matter. They assume a few will break for mechanical reasons and that is accounted for, it hurts profits a little but probably less than their worst case failure budget has planned for. They will fix it sometime in the next few years. If you take out a lot of wind turbines, things get hard, replacing each one will take time: factories are generally booked months in advance and crews that can do this job is also not readily available. Don't forget though that everything you do creates an effect. Take our wind turbines and they will beef up security. You are taking the risk that they notice your activities and put in some security system that catches you. Flexible is actually a negative on the roadway though: it increases rolling resistance. You want something very hard that will not shatter. Cement works very well (asphalt is okay) I sometimes write tests that I know will pass. A common example is when the previous version of an algorithm had a bug in some special case. My new algorithm written from scratch doesn't have that special case at all so there is no test for it. However because the last version had that bug there is a lot of fear so I will write a test that it works even though it is inherent in my new algorithm that it works and at no point in the TDD cycle is that test the correct one to write. Test coverage doesn't make sense to a TDD shop and so they never talk about it. The only code they have not covered by tests are things that cannot be tested at all. They by definition are as close to 100% coverage as you can be. Test coverage is important in shops that do not do TDD. Such shops are learning the hard way that they need tests to ensure that existing features do not break when they add a new feature. Test coverage is a metric they can use as a proxy for how likely it is that change will break something else (fixing a bug and introducing a new one is a very real problem). If you are that strict on your definition, yes you cannot TDD when fixing a bug. However all TDD advocates will tell you to write the test for the bug before fixing it. If the code was designed with TDD you will not have to refactor the code to write the test (though the test might be much bigger than it would need to be if the code was designed different). You seem to be describing working with legacy code though, not which is a different situation from TDD. True, but again, most problems I've been given are solved problems I just need to glue the parts together. I do not design a sorting algorithm from scratch (without consulting any of the literature on writing sort) - I could but the result would probably be a variation of bubble sort. However I stand on the shoulders of giants. That means I already know bucket sort, quick sort, insertion sort, bogo sort (and several more that were covered in CS203). I have never encountered a situation in the real world where calling whatever sort is built into my language is not good enough. Most problems are variations of take some data, do a little math, and [save for latter use, present to the user, or change some physical control] Any developer should know the basic algorithms. If you tell one to write sort they should immediately think to look up merge sort is implemented. My algorithm will be O(n ln n), not because I'm great at creating algorithms but because I know I can do better. > this idea that TDD is a panacea where no bugs ever survive didn't ever make sense to me in the first place. The idea only exists as a straw man for those trying to attack TDD. TDD doesn't ensure there are no bugs. TDD ensures that everything you can think of that can go wrong does not, even as you think of new ways something could go wrong and fix that. I was in one job a few years back without tests. We had a case where someone got a bug which was easy to fix, but they didn't realize their fix broke something else. Then we released and got the bug report which was fixed by reverting back to the original bug - we went through 3 rounds (over 6 years - a different contractor on the bug each time so who didn't realize what was going on) before someone realized what was happening and fixed both bugs. Why are you mocking those 3rd party things? I find in most cases I can test with the 3rd party thing in an integration style test. When the data I'm testing is trivial those 3rd party things can give me an answer in less than a millisecond and so my whole test is fast enough. I find that even when I need to do things like database query that setting up a database with fake data is enough that mocking the database isn't worth it. As a bonus if there is a bug in the 3rd party code I'll find it before we go to production. My boss doesn't want me to point fingers and some 3rd party code when we are losing millions of dollars because of a software bug: he doesn't want to lose those millions of dollars in the first place! The transformer fails in a "ball of flame". The "flame" only lasts for a second (probably just a spark?), but it is visible for miles. I don't know how much redundancy they have. I know that my power went out for a few hours a couple months ago when a substation failed. I've seen the "ball of flame" (probably just a spark, it only lasted a second) that knocked out power for a small city. > How do I cook XYZ? probably isn't suited That is perfectly suited to voice if voice worked. When I call my mom for the recipe for cake it would be a whole lot easier if my mom would say "beat the eggs for 1 minute", listen for the beater to start and then say stop after one minute. My mom has better things to do with her time than walk me through the recipe, but an assistant should be able to do this. Of course I have just transformed the problem into something that technology isn't able to do. However the problem isn't with the voice interface it is our AI isn't yet up to all that. (poor AI, every time they do something useful we rename it and move the goal posts) > A smart thermostat mistakenly I disagree with your use of the word mistakenly here. With IoT we need to worry about intentional remote attacks. This is not a mistake. If we are not dealing with a malicious attacks then I would suspect that the second problem (system failure) is more likely. > What is the goal of taking over my smart thermostat and turning off the heat? There are several 1: Look what I can do. If it is easy enough expect some kids (think 13 years old) doing it and laughing at the possible chaos they have caused. 2: lets rain chaos on those evil [insert any other country that you are at war with]. If I were to do this I'd change things so the average temperature was about right, but the heat and cooling would take turns changing the temperature by half a degree. Most people won't even notice right away, but their utility bill will be more than their monthly income and on a national scale the country is forced to dip into energy reserves. > What is the likelihood of that actually happening? 1: Very high. For any individual kid it is low, and like for an individual thermostat, but if you are the exception it doesn't matter that only 10 people were hit worldwide, what matters is you have to replace all your plumbing 2: somewhat unlikely, but if anyone can pull it off they can cause a lot of problems for the target country. Are you mistaking different for correct? Generally the thermostat just turns the pump on, but is there actually anything wrong with leaving the pump on and changing the temperature? When talking about Turing completeness I use an alternate definition of infinity that I call practically infinite: for a given a program that halts on an arbitrary Turing machine it also halts on this specific on. I call this practical Turing completeness (though I suspect the literature has already considered this idea and has a different term) I think part of it is desire. Many people would love to have an assistant like that. There is a vague memory of the days of personal secretaries, a girl (those were sexist days) who could looks things up for you so that you can spend your efforts are other tasks. There are a lot of times when everybody could use help, but they don't have it. I'd expect my assistant to know a fair amount about me and the current context. Using those clues a human can pick out what I really care about, at least in most cases. Even when there is a list of responses I'd expect an assistant to give a better summary when asking for clarification. Only if someone is home. I've gone on long vacations before in the middle of winter. There is always the risk I will come home to find something broke and my pipes are frozen. I don't personally know anyone who has had this happen, but it is a real risk. Real enough that the local Home Depot has devices to warn you about this (often dial a specific phone number). I mean that the technical limits are a not an issue for the program you want to run. Hello World will run on an AppleII computer, but it doesn't have enough memory to run Libre Office (Assume an unlimited budget to create/port the compiler, POSIX layer, X server ...) If the conversation is concerned with running Hello world it doesn't matter that an AppleII can't do everything, for our purposes it can do anything. If we expand the conversation a little but though we realize this machine is unable to run many things we find useful today. Software that is not expected to be in development for years probably doesn't need this. Get it working, manually tested, ship it and move on. This is probably cheaper than the extra engineering effort to make everything perfect. Most warnings are for things that won't matter since you won't port to that system (it doesn't matter if your invoke undefined behavior if the only compiler you use at your optimization level does what you want) All of the above will come back to bite you hard if you have to release again. Some will come back to bite you right away (the expense of manually testing everything), while others can lurk hidden for years (little vs big endian issues). The only person I know who had Gastric bypass complains that she cannot eat more than one doughnut at a time anymore. Which is to say if you don't fix your eating it won't help. If you fix your eating you won't need it (though it might be easier to stop afterwards). It is possible I know more than one person who has had gastric bypass, if the rest have not told me about it. I can argue both sides of this (in fact I have). I would response here that you need to consider your facade design pattern. You should have a facade that you test your code with by careful mocks and fakes. Then the facade translates between your code (which now works) and the API. Particularity if the third party is infamous for breaking changes all the time you want to ensure that when things break you only have to figure out what they changed and fix the glue code. Of course if all you have is glue code (this is likely: a lot of real world problems are just getting data from one system to another) there is nothing to test. Compilers in general have become much better about this. today a potential compiler warning is carefully examined before it gets added. Historically (1995) compilers added warnings when someone wanted to with no consideration on if it was a good idea. As a result upgrading compilers often resulted in a ton of new warnings to look at most of which were not interesting. Today clang will typically build all of google's software with the new warning on and look at the results. Then they look at each one and decide if it is a real bug or false positive. For the real bugs they look at how serious each bug is (if it is a previously unknown security hole that worse than it could fail in the real world only in unusual situations). For false positives they consider silencing the error changes the code (in some cases the code is very ugly and cleaning the code up fixes the warning, while in others the code was good until the ugly stuff to silence the warning was added). Then the consider the rates of all of the above to decide if the false positives are worth the potential gains. I believe other compilers do similar things, though I don't have insight into their processes (Chandler Carruth gives great talks at C++ conferences on clang which is where I get my information). Compiler writers are in competition in this area. As a result most things that should be warned about are already warned about, while things that are not worth warning about are not warned about. Thus updates to the compiler are quick because you keep having "how did we ever get by with this mistake" moments, which in turn keeps you motivated to fix the next warning. Repairability and longevity are not the same thing. Sure if you repair something it last longer by definition. However you can design something that is not repairable that still will last a long time. I once work on an embedded computer where we decided that the user would wear out one USB port before it would reach our longevity goals. We put two USB ports on it to get over that limit. The alternative was a maintenance schedule to replace the port. Either meat our longevity goals, but only one was also repairable. NDAs - to the extent they have a solid use - should be written up in law (including case law) such that you don't have to sign them. It should be obvious that I don't go to my companies competitor with our source code (and copyright law prohibits that already). Can I go to our competitor and recreate from scratch our algorithms in their product, what about modify their algorithms that do the same things as ours - at some point you have to draw a line of yes/no. Car makers make essentially nothing from ICE maintenance. The labor goes to the independent shops, even if you have a dealer do the labor the car maker gets nothing for it. The fluids are from a third party (you can buy manufacture fluid in a few cases - but that is someone else's fluid with their sticker on the bottle). Rebuilds are mostly done by independent shops. Sometimes the manufacturer supplies parts, but this isn't a large source of income for any of them (though it is significant enough to keep doing it) The complicated mechanical are a negative for the most part. They have to spend massive sums of money to keep meeting the latest emissions standards, along with more money on efficiency. The only silver lining in this is the side effect that it costs so much you won't see more competition as only a few companies can afford to design an engine. For a building I've always questioned if we should make it accessible, for safety reasons. When a building starts on fire and if you are in a wheelchair you are much more likely to die: no using the elevators, you can't use the stairs or the fire escape. In my opinion we should require that all buildings be accessible on the ground floor(s). Those who medically cannot handle stairs should be given priority to the ground floor. (this includes any store that might want to sell to handicapped) Of course wheelchairs are only one type of accessibility. Deaf and/or blind people can be expected to need some accommodation as well, but their needs are much different (and cheaper!) than the wheelchair bound. By independent shops I mean fully independent - no business relationship with the manufacture. Dealers are a mix: they are independently owned, but they get things from the manufacturer that the fully independent shops do not. The typically model is you take the car to the dealer while it is under warranty and then go to a cheaper shop afterwards. Which means that the dealer gets some maintenance revenue (enough that as you say they are sales floors subsidized by the maintenance shop). Worse it puts the secret into the process table where any user with ps can read it. you often did get it wrong. However it didn't matter as when there was a mismatch you checked both the checksum and the line for errors. Generally you found errors in both, fix both go to the next line. Getting all the typos out took almost as long as typing it in in the first place. I don't think I ever successfully typed in a program longer than 1 page, I recall being on page 3 of one program I never finished though. If his experience was anything like mine it isn't the working poor. It is the young workers who are not poor. They are still living at home: they do not need to pay for their room, meals eaten at home, health insurance. That is every penny they earn is pure spending money and so despite making minimum wage they are rich with no need to work as many hours as they do. When I was working minimum wage there was also the working poor: they needed every penny. If they called in sick you knew they were sick. If you asked them to work overtime they did their best to take it because the extra money was needed (they often couldn't find a sitter on short notice though). They didn't stay in minimum wage for long, their efforts were noticed and they were offered promotions to management (not all accepted because management often meant moving away from family, but in that case they still got maximum raises until they reached the top of the pay scale). Note that many of the working poor got themselves into that position because of their choices, generally they had a kid at 16 and dropped out of school as a result (at best finished at the bottom of their class). They were failing to dig themselves out of the hole of their bad life choices because that kid takes the time needed to get a better education. In short they lack moral fortitude in that they were (and are...) sleeping around, but not in that they are not working hard for their employer. Last I checked condoms were the only birth control that prevents STDs. All the other birth control named is not appropriate for teens who are unlikely to have settled on a lifetime monogamous partner. There is more than sex involved, but that was the biggest factor - at least in my experience which could well be different from typical. I carefully avoided passing a moral judgement on their acts. However the fact is sex at 16 immediately jumps into moral issues (not just Christian - most world religions encourage marriage). I did my best those to focus on the fact that as a result of that choice they have eliminated their ability to get a head. YOU are the one placing moral judgement on their choices and trying to make it look like my judgement. My post was focused on those who were skipping work. As I recall the majority of the kids had enough work ethic to show up every day. They probably were saving a fair amount of their pay check, but we never discussed that. corn is a tall crop, soy beans are short. Farmers are already experimenting with things like 4 rows of corn 4 soybeans. The corn rows shade the soybean rows and so reduce yield - but in turn the soybeans are not shading the corn so they get slightly better corn yields. This is still experimental, but so far it looks promising. That depends. Farmers used to mechanically remove weeds with a cultivator. (a fancy hoe attached to a tractor) Those cultivators will remove all weeds and no weed grows resistant to them. However they have many disadvantages: Cost - $500 worth of fuel for the tractor vs $250 for chemical + $50 for fuel to run the sprayer is the big one (These cost numbers are what I've heard but I might remember wrong). CO2: that $500 worth of fuel vs $50 directly translates into CO2, which in turns translates into global warming. (this is the only one that you can argue doesn't have a financial impact on the farmer - and it isn't clear that those arguments are valid) Soil disturbance. Every time you til the soil you disturb the natural soil. It isn't as bad as deep plowing, but it is still harmful. Soil compaction. A repetitively light sprayer can cover 100+ feet of crop in just two tire tracks (the first wheel the runs over the ground does the damage, the second barely adds anything so the 4 wheels result in two tracks). A tractor is heavier (the impact of weight it not linear though so figure 10% worse), and can only do 30 feet so you end up with just over 3x as many tire tracks compacting and harming the ground. Labor cost. Sprayers can run at 15mph in the field. Cultivators are probably running at 5mph. Not only are you taking 3x as many passes, each pass takes 3x as long. You pay the operator by the hour. Now for your robot which applies? The weed pulling robot will only disturb the soil where the weed is. However the robot needs to get to the weed which increases compaction along each row. My guess is farmers will spray everything as a primary prevention. Then they will fly drones over the field and send a robot down only the rows where there are weeds. That is just a guess though, you can imagine your own parameters for future robots which will change everything. Note, herbicides are not nearly as dangerous as popular press makes them out to be. pubmed is your friend: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10854122/ is a good example. "Multiple lifetime feeding studies have failed to demonstrate any tumorigenic potential for glyphosate" Roundup is about as safe is it comes - common vinegar is more toxic. It won't be MY city they are shelling, they cannot reach my city with their guns. Even if they could we are low down on the list of targets. However they can reach my city in a broad bring down all water systems attack. I suspect there are only a couple vendors of water control systems so if there is a hold in one vendor's water control system they will attack everyone at once. Tiny towns with The above might sound good, it won't work that way. Exercise hard or be a couch potato - either way your DNA is not a dead end. Either way you get enough food for your and your kids. You will have more luxuries from the sedentary life, but those are not things evolution cares about. There are other shortcuts. Bio engineering is promising. There are lots of other advances in medicine. Any of them could solve the problems of sedentary life in the future. Or maybe not, we don't know what the limits of each is. right, but if you are at a high risk for heart attack it is worth the risk. Ask your doctor how the risk/reward plays out for you. Never take medical any other than ask your doctor from a message board. Put all personal data on a zfs z2 RAID system (FreeNAS). Take regular snapshots. Someday I'm going to get a second offsite system to do ZFS backups to, but so far the above has served well. Then again I've been lucky enough to never have a hard drive fail, so the fact that I can lose 2 without losing data is pretty good. I'm vulnerable to fire and theft, but the most likely data loss scenarios are covered. Having a kid at 16 will screw you up. Most people have a moral objection to screwing up their life like that, as well as the practical objection. Most religions of the world have some form of moral objection to sex outside of marriage, it can be easily argued that the moral objection comes form the practical issues. (most religions predates any form of effective birth control. Today you can argue that the moral is obsolete) Or put it another way, you cannot talk about kids having sex without everybody bringing their own different morals up. The two are very intertwined. I was mostly working alone. Most of my mistakes where omission. In the line 2560 data 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,45,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,128,42,128,128,9,0,0,0... Missing one 0 is fatal, but the streak is long enough that it is easy to miss one and not notice. > Would you be okay with your browser being 2x or 3x slower? No, I will switch to firefox or something. I'm a user, I don't care how hard it is for developers I can about my workflow which is using a browser on various machines, some of which are very slow. I would say there should be a lifetime security warranty on all software. If you have a machine running Windows 98 Microsoft should still be providing security fixes. Note that this is just security, all other bugs are on you, as are device drivers. I'm fine with saying that Windows 3.1 wasn't designed to be connected to the internet (it wasn't) so they are doing nothing. I recently got a recall notice from GM for a 13 year old car - they found a safety problem and it needs to be fixed even though the rest of the warranty ran out about 10 years ago. Right to repair means nothing without ability to get parts. I work on embedded products. We have perfectly good working machines that don't need any changes, but the CPU (or some other off the shelf chip) is not going to be made anymore so we have to do an expensive port to a new CPU: EVERYBODY loses. We have to charge more for our products because the cost of engineering is only amortized over a few years. we have ideas for a different machine we could build, but that engineering budget (expertise as much as money) is stuck working on the port. If someone does find a bug we have to fix it in both versions. In the mean time you can find parts for 100 year old cars. Part of that is someone in their garage making them (can you make a replacement chip in your garage given just the old one) but part of that is the molds to make oil filters still exist so they can make another batch on demand. > I'm not sure even today I completely 'get' Git: there are a lot of possible workflows In my experience most people are using git with a svn workflow. They use github (gitlab, or something internal to the company) as the central server, and work only from the central server. Make github speak svn, and alias all the git commands to svn and they couldn't tell the difference. > You have to plough each year before sowing You must not be familiar with modern farming. Most farmers do no till these days. They never plow - ever. The first seven years of no till they do see less yields than their counterparts that plow, but after that the advantage of non-distributed soil mean they get better yields. (more profit ever before we account for the fact that plowing uses a lot of expensive fuel) Nothing is simple, but there is a reason most farms and all the big ones are no or limited till. In the old days they used to say "First babies can arrive whenever they want, the second baby better take nine months". Which is to say they knew unmarried people would have sex, but any girl that got herself pregnant was expected to marry the father before the baby was born and stay married. Religion never worked great, but it was all they had. fair enough. I should have put moral fortitude in quotes. I used to worry about that, then I realized that I've book 3 copies of some physical books I like - I read them enough times that I wore 2 copies out. Now I realize that it doesn't actually matter that I can loan paper books as I rarely do. Cheap paperbacks wear out quick, I wish hardcover was available after books come on paperback because the books I like in paperback I go back to look for hardcover but by then hardcover is out of print. Though often I can find a library edition which is starting to become my default for paper books. For a washing machine your local hackathon could probably get most of the functionality in software as well. For years they were simple mechanical timers. Fill until the full switch trips, then run the motor for so long. then pump the water out, then run the motor at a higher speed.... Of course computers and modern sensors allow for "dirt sensors" which if they exist will be much harder to interface to. The study says NOTHING about wanting the poor to stay for. What the study says is people are unwilling to make a change. This is a very different idea from wanting that someone else to stay poor. Another bluetooth device that is not used because it is annoying to use instead of useful. This isn't the fault of bluetooth, but it adds to the reputation that bluetooth devices are more hassle than they are worth. The cheap headphones he went back to don't have the annoying misfeatures that he hates. Up until about the US civil war guns were inaccurate enough that you could stand in lines and shoot at each other with a chance to live. As such the old battle lines designed for swords were not a horrible strategy (not to be confused with good). By the US civil war rifles advanced to the point where you could shoot a target and have confidence that it would die. Wars that happened around the US civil war were suddenly and unexpected deadly which caused all generals (who watch wars between insignificant countries which the US was at the time) to be horrified and come up with new tactics without regard for previous ideas of what was sporting. Anything you can do in software I can do with a set of hydraulic value). Your software will be faster (a video game on my valves will take several lifetimes to display the opening), but it will work (until something leaks). thus you can translate your program to hydraulics and it is patentable. Copyright considers things a unique work if less than something like 10% is copied. Harry Potter is in no danger. Even changing the golden ticket to a letter is enough to get around infringement there. Of course consult a lawyer if the 10% figure above it important to your copy - there are lots of details that I don't know. 75% of the value of notes is it helps me keep focused. My mind wants to wander away ("that reminds me of...") - 10 minutes latter I realize I've been daydreaming about some camping trip years ago and I have no idea what the lecture is about anymore. Taking notes helps me focus by giving me a goal: what about the lecture is important enough that I want to write it down. Sometimes I review my notes latter, but generally I find it isn't worth the time. Today it is considered expected to have a degree, but most students do not really understand why, and will not understand until it is too late. They are not motivated, but they know "dad" expects them to get the degree so they slog on learning just enough to get by. I can say that in my case my 6th grade teacher started paying close attention and noticed that when I was trying my hardest to be neat I was doing like my peer at their worst. He had the school counselors do some tests which didn't result in anything other that agreement that I have an inability to write neat. I first head about Dysgraphia 10 right here though - the symptoms a familiar enough for a self-diagnosis, but as all self-diagnosis there might be something else. Most people don't use them. It is too hard (10 extra seconds is too hard). Facebook is good at figuring out from the pattern of likes who else will be interested in seeing something. It is only when you have an important announcement that they screw up. To a large extent the court should punt. Congress - as the ones who make the laws - should decide which model is used, not the courts. The job of the courts is only to say if any particular model congress decides on is fair enough. Roads and bridges often exist on other natural lines that cannot be changed. A river is a good place to put a boundary, since cities and counties are already bordered there. The downside of this is a treatment that you can get approved for something rare, but now it is on the market and they can tell doctors it has promise for some common X. Getting approval for treating X would be more expensive because you have to do a larger trial. (you should do a large trial for the rare thing, but since there are not enough people with the rare thing you cannot) the courts benefit too. Liberal justices looking to retire tend to wait for a liberal president, and vice versa conservative justices wait for a conservative president. It is not GPL3 licensed. Most of the projects that have moved from gcc to llvm did it because of the license not for technical reasons. That isn't to say there are not technical reasons to say llvm is better - there are good ones. However they are not compelling like the license is. Llvm has a better internal design which should be better long term, but so far gcc generally compiles faster code which is for most people more important that internal design. Note that linux distributions are mostly built by the types of people who like the GPL3 license. Using gcc is the correct decision for most linux distributions. Starting FreeBSD 10 (released in 2014) the default for everything including ports was to build with clang. There was a large effort leading up to that to get as many ports as possible building with clang. Many bugs in clang were fixed, and patches were submitted upstream to make others work. At this time that effort is dead: the few ports that don't build with clang are accepted as doing something that will never work. Science fiction almost universally assumes the speed of light is not a hard limit. At this time we have every reason to believe that it is a limit. Our theories also say that if you were to go faster than light (which you cannot) it implies time dilation and time travel - again science fiction just assumes a loop hole so that doesn't happen. Many talk about travel at 10 times the speed of light (warp-10) as if that is fast, but if you actually notice that lack of aging during travel they have to be traveling much faster than that. (at 10 times the speed of light the nearest star to earth is just under a 1 year round trip - your kids would not remember you very well when you return) Which is to say that any aliens with space travel that discovers us now will not be making the journey because the length of time it would take. Insurance against what? Lets assume a self supporting mars colony today, and that the asteroid hits earth tomorrow making humans extinct. Will the mars colony get off mars in time to avoid their asteroid? It seems to me that we need to get to a few earth like planets before we can assume survival. I expect that sewage treatment to fertilizer will solve the problem before we reach that. Our current time where we are not putting manure on all fields is an anomaly in time. part of logistics is the ability to do something. It doesn't have to be practical for me to drop a heavy thing on you, I just need the ability to do it if you push me hard enough. If I'm governor of a space station I'm better off not turning half my space station into a bomb on your capital, but if you push my hard enough I might feel compelled to do that so you will treat me and my needs with respect. Getting to mars is not that much harder than getting to the moon. It takes longer but everything else is just a matter of more power. Technically it isn't a fixed amount radiated every year. many factors influence it, one of which is temperature: the higher the temperature difference between earth and space the more that is radiated. Thus as global warming happens he temperature difference raises and the amount the earth radiates increases. This won't be enough to make up the difference, there is no loop hole to solve global warming. Global warming is about the equalization temperature - when the energy in (mostly from the sun despite all the other energy sources we use) equals energy out. Yes. Apple (NeXT at the time) had to make their objective-c frontend for gcc GPL, and they did not like that. that is why apple spent a lot of money making clang good: it allows them to do have patches they don't want to make available why still getting a good compiler. (I don't know if those patches exist, but they have that ability if they want it) *BSD has in generally hated having anything GPL in their base system. OpenBSD played with creating their own C compiler for a while (the goal was just a compiler with only minimal optimizations - they expected everyone would just use that to build gcc and then build everything with gcc) The license for GPLv3 is something to be scared of. There are places around the edges that need major work. Our population is expanding, that means we need new houses for the new people. Once in a while houses burn down or is otherwise destroyed. Likewise water treatment plants need maintenance and upgrades, and sometimes we need a new one; but for the most part people have perfectly safe water. On the whole though there are a lot of perfectly good roads and houses that just need a little work to keep them up. It is better to not build more than we need. I could tear down my perfectly good 2000 sq ft house and build a 4000 square ft house - but my current house is big enough for my needs so I'd rather sit back and relax. Sure you can, but would you want to? 6000 square feet means I have a place for my hobbies, with the tools all setup so I can do something for 10 minutes if that is all the time I have for them. I like my pool, it is a lot easier to go swimming when the pool is just out your door as opposed to having to go someplace else. I like having room in my garage for my collectable car. I like having my garden close enough that I can get fresh greens on a whim. The point is different life choices enable different lifestyles. I've seen wood workers in Europe produce beautiful things in a tiny apartment. They prove it can be done, but they don't have the space for a table saw and as a result everything they do takes longer. Even if hand tools are the goal, in the large shop you turn around and your saw bench is there, while the European has to get it out of the closet. When done the American sweeps and is done while the European counterpart has to put the bench away as well. When I'm working I want the American style shop. Your choices may be different, that is your choice. Do not try to force other people to like your choice. Actually evolution may well be selection against cancer in older people. (may is key - we don't know for sure) Enough Young girls of breeding age have a small tendency to breed with old men. This increases our lifespan by ensuring those who have whatever genetics it takes to live older have more children. It is a small effect, but it is something. That isn't strictly true. You do not need to do garbage collection to compact memory. The data needed to do memory compaction and garbage collection largely overlaps, so you may as well do both, but you don't have to. To implement either you need to do a scan of all pointers in memory - for a garbage collection you save a currently in use list, for compaction you need to a map of where they are so you can change them latter. What you do with that data is different, but only the first step is the same. (though garbage collection can feed the empty places into the compactor which makes that work easier) I've actually been thinking about how to do compaction in C++. The reason you cannot do it in general is code like "socket.send(new object, sizeof(void*)". The remote is then expected to send back that pointer which you cast to object and reference. Evil code for sure with a lot of failure cases that result in leaks or security holes, but possible. Because that would require longer instructions and thus more memory. Instructions on a CPU are something like to following (this is based on MIPS since x86 is a mess) The first 6 bits are the instruction, the rest is command specific. For add the next 12 would be 4 bits for each of the source registers and then the destination register and then various flags (overflow for example). If instead they only worked on memory they would have a lot more possible instructions - but there isn't enough room on CPUs to design that many instructions anyway so who cares, followed by the all three memory addresses. This means that every CPU instruction needs to read 3 times as much memory before doing anything. Worse, most of those are pointers: when you compile the code you don't know the location of those address, so in most cases it is read the instruction from the program, then go back to the stack to read the address of the next values, then read those locations. That is a lot of memory access and memory access is expensive. Of course as you can say you can just use caching, but cache is expensive and now you need to add 3 times as much - this is too big for the fast level one cache so now you are expanding level two cache and seeing a lot more cache misses in the level one cache. The above would all be okay, but it turns out that given enough registers (x86 fails here) in most cases you are operating on the same set of values all the time, (indeed the stack locations each of the above is referring too is probably a small set of variables) so if the compiler is careful it can manage all that. The compiler has better information on when things need to be committed to memory anyway so let it handle that. Maybe, but they have to make a new plastic bag if they don't recycle your old one. Energy is required to make that new bag, which means CO2 is created that way too. The best thing you can do is to not need so much energy in the first place. If you must travel use high efficiency transport. (shipping counts as travel). Make sure your housing is well insulated. The next best thing store carbon: start forest and grass fires. A regular forest/grass fire will burn cold enough that a lot of carbon is converted to charcoal - permanently sequestrated carbon. Note that regular is key here. If you don't light a new fire every year fuel builds up until you get a hot fire. This future is unlikely to exist. For most people owning their car will be an advantage. If you already take public transit you might not understand this, but a lot of car owners have customized their car with other things. I'm not talking cosmetic things like paint either. Many golfers carry their clubs. The chess guy has his chess set in the car. Shopping bags from the lunch break shopping trip - all things you live in your personal car. Sure you can carry them in, but you don't want to. John Deere (I work for John Deere but do not speak for them) freely licenses all safety patents except for ones that we think any competent engineer can work around. We figure we make more money from someone who buys our competitors product and because of a safety feature survives to make the decision on what to replace it with when it wears out; than we make from the person who buys something without a safety feature and as a result dies. I used to work for the company that published rfc 1223, giving away private information. The motivation is a competitor reversed engineered the protocol, and some customers had both. There was now a need to change the protocol but we knew our customers would not accept having to throw out the competitors equipment to take the upgrade. By publishing the protocol we ensured the competitor understood it and thus when the bit that was "always 0 apparently unused" changed to 1, with a change to the meaning of all following bytes they understood why it was always 0 and why the change happened and how to read all the following bytes. We also have a concept of how to inspect plumbing. I could put all rules on a checklist and teach you how to check the plumbing in your house. (I'd have to look the rules up, but conceptually I could). Of course houses are all the same: a few toilets, sinks, tubs and showers. The differences are easy to handle in the rules. You could imagine something different: instead of water we have a special hand cleaner in this sink. My checklists cover the potable water system and the non-potable water drain system, this special cleaning fluid isn't covered and your cannot inspect it. We have a simple exception for those cases: a professional engineer can legally stamp it saying "I have thought of everything, this will work if installed according to these specs." Then the checklist is make sure that everything is up to those specs. I honestly do not know how to create a checklist for source code. Sure I can create some starts, but https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Underhanded_C_Contest needs to be considered: can someone pass your checklist and still win? I don't think it would fragment that quickly. In times past travel was slow, there was no telephone, or news papers. The few books were mostly reserved for the elite. 600 years ago (before the printing press) most people lived either on or near their farm. You went to the nearby village for things you couldn't make on the farm. Traveling to the next village was as far as most people could go: they needed to get back to the farm to milk the cow again, or otherwise care for the farm. As such there was no way to know your language was fragmenting, much less any reason to care. Today we have printing presses, telephone, TVs, movies. All give us ways to find out about fragmentation and reasons to care. While languages will still change and fragment over time, the above pressures will help to keep the changes in check. I've had good luck just googling (now duck duck go) the part I needed. There are thousands of tiny specialty suppliers and most provide value beyond the gadget I need. nailgunsdirect.com had the odd sized nails I needed for a project that were not stocked locally, they also have buyers guides which helped me decide a interesting new nailgun wasn't right for me. toolpartsdirect.com had the switch I needed for my drill, and a wiring diagram so I knew how to hook it up. Racketballworld.com had shoes in my size, and a lot of advice to step up my game. Those are just a few of places I've ordered from - there are many others that that I each which instead of selling everything and making me choose based on reviews only stocks quality products so I cannot go wrong. You seem to be suggesting amazon is more likely to give you genuine merchandise. This doesn't fit with what I've been seeing lately where people complain about counterfeit merchandise all the time. I find when going to small sites there are lots of signs that they are not shady: they generate own reviews and advice that is more than marketing. A little poking around will tell a lot. And of course I buy with a credit card so I'm protected against loss in the worst case. That depends. If you write your code using a high level abstraction you don't have to do anything, it should just work. High level could be as high as an http module (python), or as low as a wrapper (boost::ASIO). Odds are very good your language has one or more. In general this is the way to go choose something that handles the details for you in a language correct way. If you write low level sockets you at least need to be aware of both when you connect the sockets. The easiest is a server as you just need to listen for connections on two sockets. When connecting you should be aware of cases where it seems like either protocol will work, but in fact one is broken (generally this means the local machine supports ipv6 but the network is not connected - it is common to ignore this, but you will get support requests because of it unless you implement a try both scheme). Either way once communication is established there is no real difference in the code. The above is the common case. If you need to do more than communicate it can get complex quickly. In general I wouldn't use raw sockets unless you actually need to do something complex enough that no existing wrapper will work for you (performance alone is reason to use raw sockets if you have profile data to prove it). However since I don't know your domain I cannot suggest how complex your code will need to be to support both. Lets see, when I answered this question was I listening to heavy metal, classical, country, or... I happen to enjoy all of the above at times despite them being vastly different they are all music (or can be - I have heard examples from all 3 that are not) Actually adding special characters reduces the search space. Most places adding them also require them, which means for one of the 10 characters the search space is just those 5 special characters, and for another the space is just the 10 numbers, and there is still one more where the search space is just the 26 letters. A lot of rich people have decided the best thing for them to do is get as much money as they can and leave it to a worthy cause after they die. That is they spend their life investing and reinvesting, overall doing what they know best: making more money. Often it takes money to make money, and by not giving it away now when an opportunity to invest a lot of money comes up they have that money where as if they had donated it they wouldn't have it to earn more. When they die the amount they have to give is then overall much greater than if they had given away large parts of it. I don't know that I agree with it or not, but that is the thinking and it isn't completely unreasonable. Note that Bill Gates has been getting a lot of money from Warren Buffet and other rich people. I don't know the break down (it is likely public information: I just don't care to look it up), but it isn't fair to say Bill Gates is working on his own, though he is clearly giving his valuable time. I don't think we will converge that much. Most gene differences are insignificant. Is it better to have black, or white skin (or any other skin color)? There is a lot of baggage associated with that question, and some people will make a choice - but not everyone will make the same choice (in a culture I would expect everyone to make the same choice, but other cultures will choose differently), and many people won't care. There are some genes that I expect to be edited out. I'd give a lot to have the gene causing my high cholesterol edited out, as would my insurance company - the drugs I'm taking are not cheap. There are a number of other conditions that are genetic (and still more that science believes are genetic even though the genes haven't been found). This convergence is good though as these are genes that if you have are known bad - just not bad enough to prevent reproduction. In fact Birkenstock just needs to send a cease and desist letter to amazon and that is enough to prove that amazon knew about this policy. This isn't just a theoretical concern. Several genes known to improve cognitive skills harm social skills. (social skills and empathy are not the same, but they are related) It would have been a bold move 4 years ago. Today most software that builds with gcc also builds with clang. FreeBSD's switch everything to clang project is dead because there is nothing left to do: nearly every open source project builds with clang by default, the rare exceptions are complex cases not worth fixing. OpenBSD has spent the last few years ensuring their code all builds with clang, and they support. All the add on software you might want to use also works well built in clang. That is true, but not really useful. There are only a few planets that we can inhabit. Not enough energy (sunlight) reaches Saturn to make it a useful planet even if you can stand the gravity. In short if we want to expand beyond at best 3 planets we need a new solar system. That means we need humans able to make the several thousand year journey in a generation ship to a different star. I suppose we could also take an earth sized chunk out of Saturn and put it into earth orbit. A generation ship to a different star seems more feasible to me. You would want that, but that choice may not be possible. There are some known genes where you choose between social skills or memory. You cannot have both as it is the same gene. How much would an insurance company pay to fix high cholesterol, diabetes, cancer etc? I know people spending close $10,000 a year on cholesterol medication. Diabetics' insulin can cost $500 (I don't know how long this lasts), plus the other blood monitoring costs and costs of other complications. Cancer treatment is not cheap but I don't know how to look up the costs. All of the above costs are mostly covered by insurance, but if you work them out, a $100k treatment can pay off in as little as 10 years. Of course there is a difference between ensuring someone's kids don't have a condition and fixing it in someone who is already alive. Will parents make this choice even if insurance pays for it? She might have a technical degree, but they didn't take she from layout out a circuit board (or whatever) and make her CEO. She has been working her way up the management chain for at least 15 years. She has been successful in all that effort, and so she was rewarded with more responsibility, a task she has rising to. When you look at successful CEOs in general, they are mostly promoted from within, after working their way up the ranks. That she has only been at AMD for a couple years total and seems to be doing well is more surprising than that she has a technical degree: technical degrees imply enough intelligence to figure out how to do management tasks if you want to take that route. Depends on how you count. Is the instruction that adds register one to register two and stores it in register three different from the instruction that adds register one to register two and stores it in register four? The only difference is the register the data is stored in after the add. I can argue this either way, and you should be able to as well (though you may find one side is a lot more compelling). Really an undocumented instruction is just anything that isn't documented, it is good practice to leave some blank space in your instruction set so that you can implement the next feature that needs a new instruction. As such we expect to find millions of potential instructions: there is nothing there but the next CPU might have something. You need both. A visionary alone needs the discipline that comes from having to choose which vision of many and finish it. A financial focused manager will never bet on any but the most obvious ideas and thus lose when someone else makes something work. Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard. The least creative person has enough ideas to bankrupt even the biggest company if you start a team to implement them all as the idea occurs (a car obviously takes more people than a paper notepad, but you should expect to have all those ideas) A visionary who never thinks about money will eventually run out, or worse bounce between ideas and never finish one. The person who only thinks about money will not invest in the things required to continue making money. I've heard it stated that you need a visionary CEO and a close second who is a financial realist. The visionary has lots of great ideas, the financial realist reigns them in and forces the visionary to choose which vision(s) to focus on and finish; and let the others go. This works great until the visionary CEO steps down (dies, retires...), when you put the realist second in charge all the visionary projects are stopped, for a couple quarters the company makes more money, but there are no visionary things in the pipe so the company dies a slow death. Are you talking about people buying a truck to get to their desk job, or people buying a truck to haul a load? Those are two different groups with different requirements. The first group like the tough image, but so long as it goes 100 miles round trip and you can put something in it they have their needs met and the rest is about image. This group just needs an electric car drive train. The second group actually needs a truck. They have a ton (literally a ton) of tools that they need to get from job site to job site (think the handyman type who does several 2-3 hour jobs). Or they are back and forth from the warehouse delivering materials to different work sites. Or they are bringing 400 liters of fuel to the tractor, and then off to the feed store. I can probably come up with a few dozen other groups of people who use a truck as a truck. Yes. Just come up with a non-medical/safety use for it and you are good. Check your car's engine to see if it will last through the next race - a very useful thing to do and nobody will think twice. Check a boiler to be sure it won't explode - you better get this right or people will die so don't talk about potential uses here. I looked into this years ago in college. What I discovered is there are two different problems the blind face: obstacle avoidance and navigation. Most people focus on the first, but in fact a cane works just fine, and the can also plays the useful purpose of telling everyone that I need you to pay extra attention to me because I won't avoid you (there are a lot of negatives to advertising that you are blind) Where the blind have problems is larger scale navigation in unfamiliar places. An example is a few years ago a blind person stopped me to ask how to get to a building - we were standing right in front of it so this should be easy, but it wasn't. What I would do is jump over the flowers, duck under a railing and I'd be on the ramp. It is a good thing he knew to be suspicious when I gave him those directions or he would have got hurt. I eventually got him there, but it was a lot harder than I expected, and this is for a case where he only had a few meters to go. Imagine trying to get around a new city - most people rely on sight far too much. That depends on which user you are asking about and how fast you can recharge. First note that most of these users are loaded - they are now driving a truck rated to get ~20mpg unloaded, but they average ~14mpg because of their extra load. Realistically your 200 mile range to 140 miles. When you are going from job to job - 25 miles to the first job, then 50 to the next, then 30, you are too far from home to make it back. Generic handyman jobs stay closer to home, but if you are the only mechanic in your city that knows how to fix a paver that might be your life (road equipment is generally repaired/maintained on sight as that is cheaper than bringing them in) If you are dong warehouse delivery you are probably looking at a bunch of 60 mile round trips before you head back to refill the truck, if you can recharge while the truck is loading you are fine. Fast recharge in current batteries currently reduces their life, but we can budget for that. (there is potential for something like drive 50 miles and put 20 miles worth of charge back, and repeat: this is enough to get to the end of the day and then you do a full recharge overnight) The farmer going to the tractor and the feed store probably cannot stop to recharge - he might leave the truck sitting most of the day, but never near a power line. However a 200 mile day would be unusual. If we make sure that every shed/barn has a charging station he can probably get by. I think I can safely say that the parts won't be flat to 1000 of an inch (.03mm) - or whatever your tolerance is. However this is something that any existing process can achieve with arbitrary shapes either. I think this process replaces sand casting, a process that also has many slight deformations. You just make the parts a little big and then machine the important sides to the exact side you need. The downside of sand casting is it often leaves a little bit of sand embedded in the metal which will destroy your tools. If the internal metal quality is as good as sand casting, the ease of doing arbitrary shapes and lack of sand in the metal make it a winner. That you have to have a lathe/milling machine to finish the part is not a change. If the above is right (it seems reasonable, but I don't know if it is), then beams and and flat stock will continue to be made with existing process. However odd shaped things like an engine blocks it could be a winner. good spanners are not cast and heat treated. They cast a blank which is roughly the right size, but then they forge it - much like an old fashioned blacksmith, but there are a ton of jigs involved (probably literally 2000 lbs though I first wrote that as an expression). The two fill different rolls. I expect you will use this to create a rough part and then put it in the CNC machine for final finish. Yes I do want to live next to a nuclear power plant. I miss my last house where I did, but I now work in a different state: it would be several hours every day of driving to live next to one. Nuclear power plants are good neighbors: quiet and they pay a lot of taxes. Most of my neighbors when asked where the nuclear plant was pointed to the smokestacks on the coal power plant miles away. It was up to 75 for a while, and then someone worked out a winning sequence that required more than 75 moves, and there is every reason to believe longer sequences are possible - to work them out is a brute force problem (chess is not mathematically solved) Note that by winning sequence I mean perfect play on both sides - there are lots of sequences to allow to allow the game to continue longer than it has to. Krita wants to skip taxes that for either a company or a non-profit would be skipped, but since they are both they fall into a weird zone where they cannot. Right, if I (in the US) buy something from Krita that was made in Russia: Kritia needs to pay the VAT when they buy the work from Russia. Then when they ship to me they get a refund of that VAT. The sum collected is zero, but a lot of paperwork had to be done correctly to get there. A simplified explication is Krita's situation is so complex nobody in the world can figure out how to get the paperwork correct, but they are not in trouble because they didn't. Tax law doesn't care if you can figure it out how to do it right, just that you do it right. In fact changing currency doesn't change tax implications if you intend to be legal. If you want to be illegal and risk not getting noticed you can hide behind bitcoin but the first auditor will notice this and report "I don't know how much, but there is tax fraud here so lets give maximum fines". What is the cost of genetically modified foods and modern pesticides? Sure you can imagine B-movies plots of bad things that we can do, but in the real world none of them have happened yet, and even if they do it would be a mad scientist who already has all the knowledge needed to do his evil scheme so this has no bearing on real uses. When you have chest pain you better get to a doctor, it might be a heart attack. Most chest pain is not a heart attack, but only a doctor can tell. Thus I expect most people to run to the doctor over "nothing": it probably is nothing but you need to verify that. Most index funds do not actually hold the index. They look at the index as a guide of the types of stocks to buy, but the fund manager still makes buy/sell decisions on any stock they want including those not in the index. Index funds are actively managed. They difference from traditional funds in that they hold their stocks much longer. A traditional active fund is always asking the question "what stocks will go up the most in the short term" - when they get this right they do very well, but when they get it wrong they pay a lot more transaction fees which cuts their gains significantly. Because an index fund is asking "which stocks are worth holding for a long time" they don't have the pressures to find the best short term performing stocks and so their transaction fees are much less. In the US there is a comparable work component. You are allowed to refuse any offer that isn't reasonable or comparable work. Sometimes you have to convince a judge, but there is an appeals process and so it isn't hard to argue that a bad job is beneath you. Note that the above is about accepting a job. At times you may be required to fill out so many job applications (per week) and you are not allowed to refuse any interview offered. The result is people do apply for bad jobs and get an offer in the interview they have no intention of accepting. Of course after a few months your benefits run out and then the low ball offer is more appealing as at least it gets you something. However even then a low ball offer isn't as common as you might think. Someone with no place to go will take it, but you cannot stop them from finding a new job next week. Offer someone too low and your risk they collect your money just long enough to become useful and then find a new job. You are paid for your first week of work even though you spend most of it learning and so you cost the company money in training, thus once a company hires you they need to keep you long enough for you to pay off that first week training time. Note that in the US each state does things differently. The above is a generalization based on what I've seen in different states. The details are different and change. I do get paid for the project I maintain, but ONLY when I am doing something that benefits my employer. I became maintainer because my employer needed a feature that wasn't there so they paid me to write it. That makes me someone who cares enough to be maintainer (the previous maintainer didn't want to be maintainer anymore). If you submit a good patch I will accept it. Submit several good patches and I'll make you co-maintainer (so far that hasn't happened). If you ask an easy support question I'll answer. If you want a new feature or have a hard support question - my employee doesn't pay me for that and I have kids to play with on my own time. Red Hat, Ubuntu and the like employee some people who will sometimes implement a new feature for you - but those companies want you to buy a support contact for features. There are a number of foundations that pay people to work on free software (FreeBSD, KDE, Mozilla, many more) and so they will be more responsive to requests - but foundations are always lacking in money so they cannot do every feature they want. There are a few "college students" (possibly retired) who work on things for fun. If they take an interest in your request they will do it. However they also have other things do to as well. I believe the majority of people working on open source projects are like me: they work on things someone pays them for but do not have the time to do anything for someone else. Note, industry coding is like this as well. They have money, but never enough to do all ideas. (and even if they did man-month issues mean they often can't do it anyway) Are you going to fund my passion for building model tractors? I would much rather build model tractors all day and support myself by charging admission to my museum. The above business is just as valid as your "starving artists" who made it after hard work. My family cannot afford to let me follow my dreams though so I work a standard job. The Luddites have been saying that for years, though the exact nature of the displacement from which there is no place to go is different. Inequality is NOT a problem though. Poverty is a problem, but that is a different issue from inequality. Once you have the basics met (food, shelter) everything else is a luxury. A mud hut without enough to eat is not a life I would want to live, but I could live that way. Take away the hut or the food and I won't survive. I like not having to cook over an open fire. I like having lights in the dark, a cell phone, a car, a washing machine, a table saw. Those are all luxuries and I want more of some of them. A guaranteed minimum income is only solution to this problem I've ever heard of that doesn't have many large flaws. I'm not entirely convinced minimum income is something I agree with (there are always hidden downsides - thus I'm reserving my judgement until after we know what they are) However the topic is unemployment, which is designed for those are choose to make more than the minimum income to keep a good income (not as good as before, but perhaps better than minimum). This is a different discussion with different pros and cons. Any middle class family can get raise 90k. Most owe more than that on their house. If they are financially careful and have lived in their house for a few years they probably can do a cash-our refinance and get 90k to spend on this. Also as a business venture it isn't high risk so there is a good chance their banker was happy to give them the loan on their person credit for 20k down - their yearly bonus might be that much. Again, this requires financial responsibility to pull off, many middle class are not responsible enough, but some are and that is enough. Of course we don't know (or at least I don't - I didn't read the article) the background of the owners. They might well be rich. lacolhost.com should also resolve to the ipv6 record for localhost. Being able to test locally while using the full internet name resolution system is a valuable thing as well. Though if this is your use case I wouldn't trust lacolhost: register your own domain. I learned long ago that books titled like "advanced X" will be a very simple book on X suitable for any layperson with basic knowledge. Books titled "introduction to X" or "elementary X" will be extremely difficult. Middle class people who go to those auctions already have a bank approval. They don't have the cash, but the bank has agreed to fund the loan. Farmers buy land on auction all the time. It is very common for the auctioneer to have a local banker at the auction site so that someone who wants to bid can get approved for a loan right before bidding. The banker knows how much he will give a loan for (based on an appraisal he has done on the land), and the minimum down payment. This amount is different for different farmers (a farmer who does best practices can get much more profit for acre and thus is worth giving a larger loan to - bankers know who these farmers are) Try going to a "technical college" instead of a university. All your text books will be "advanced X". These schools have earned their reputation for being easy to pass. I didn't say it was easy. I said it is possible. You save your money carefully well in advance of this opportunity. You might take 2 years to raise 10k. Your extended family and some of your friends are doing the same. When this opportunity comes up they borrow the money to you (while wishing they had seen it first). Most families do not operate this way: few save that much, and not many have extended family saving that much. Even of those who do, many do not get along with their family well enough to risk borrowing large sums of money. I understand that a true minimal lifestyle is illegal. However if we ignore that issue (I in fact do not agree with those laws) we can look at what our true minimums are. A mud hut will not cut your lifespan. A mud hut of course implies that you don't have access to good medical care, don't have good heat, and cooking on a smokey wood fire. All of those will cut your lifespan, but it isn't the mud hut it is the rest of what it implies. In short poverty which I already said is a problem. We can move up a step: at $5/hour (less than minimum wage in the US, but lets call the rest lost to taxes) you can potentially earn $800/month, put $600 into rent in a cheap apartment and that leaves $200 for food. You will be walking everywhere, getting clothing at goodwill, but it is enough to live to a fairly old age one (once you get old you can no longer afford your medical bills, but most people can live to old age with minimal medical care) The idea is because you have to pay a little bit out of your own pocket you are less likely to run to the doctors and get a prescription when nothing is wrong. Since it is your money that you could spend on something fun instead of a pill you will ask do you really need to buy the pill, or will a cheaper pill work just as well. Note that the above is the idea - there are various problems with it, but the idea makes some sense. There is a real problem with some people going to the doctors and demanding a pill to fix some problem, doctors get tired of seeing this person and prescribe something relatively harmless just to get them to go away. Doctors used to prescribe antibiotics for viral illness as well because people expected a pill from the doctor. Some old people have no friends left so talking to the doctor is the only social life they have. Do not confuse the above with with cases where there is something wrong and the doctor cannot figure out what. Not any. I used to live near nuclear and coal power plants (two different plants about 15 miles away from each other). Both were located right on the Mississippi river to take advantage of the river water for cooling. Most neighbors when asked where the nuclear plant was would point to the smoke stacks on the coal plant even though the nuclear plant was only a mile away and the coal plant was 15 miles away. All systems have flaws. You hear about flaws in the US system, but they are not nearly as common as you think they are, at least not in my experience. This isn't shocking if you understand the different legal context around credit cards in the US. Historically if in the US if someone gets a hold of your card, if I report it as soon as I know there is a problem you are legally out $50, and the credit card company and merchant has to eat the rest of the loss. In most cases the credit card companies figure since they have to take the rest of the loss they may as well get the customer service points by taking that $50 as well. As such it is only a minor inconvenience if someone gets a hold of your card, most of which is related to waiting for them to mail you a new one. Because of this people don't care about chip and pin being more secure: security was not their problem. This is also a factor in why the US is much more likely to use a credit card: there are no anecdotes about someone losing a lot of money because of their card. By contrast in Europe you were liable for all amounts charged on your card before you report it, even if you had no way to know about the charge. Since the credit card companies didn't have to take a large risk they typically didn't agree to take it on. As such a credit card is much riskier, and so it is prudent to not use your cards if you have a different option. When chip and pin came out consumers were interested because it gave them some ability to limit their loss: their chip/pin card could be lost without the potential of great loss. Note that the above is historical, and like all generalizations is false in some way. Laws change all the time which means the current reality is probably different - but the historical reality is still shaping our world. Europe is not a country, each country in Europe always had their own laws which differed in some way from the next. Transaction costs for cash is probably higher than for credit cards. For cash you have to count and recount that cash at the end of the shift, and then the bank counts are recounts it again. This is a significant amount of labor. By contrast with a card once the initial transaction is done everything is put into the computer electronically and no human has to look at it again. Also cash is subject to theft. In some locations this risk is a significant part of the transaction costs - not just the cash, risk of death in the robbery. Electronic payments are subject to loss, but generally there is a trail to chase when it happens, and the possibility of death is much less. The laws on liability are very different in Europe and the US. In the US a stolen card is the bank's problem. In Europe it is the consumer's problem. This difference in laws is critical to this discussion, both sides are saying "you are wrong" when in fact both sides are right in their respective country and wrong in the other. Nobody to my knowledge has every measures the costs of cash, it is just something they accept. With credit cards it is easy to measure because you get a number, but with cash it is not, you have to calculate too many different parameters and figure out what applies where. battery only buses make sense because the bug needs to run over rush hour and then can sit all do to charge. Battery operated tractors do not make sense without vastly better batteries because a tractor needs to run for 16 hours at max power (500hp). Sustaining 400000 kw for 16 hours is not easy. For semis and airplanes you need to consider your use: for short in town loads/short flights batteries can work, for longer distances we don't have the battery technology today to make it work. Someone once told me battery technology has 2-3 more doubling left and then we hit chemical limits and cannot get more out of them. If this is correct batteries can never do the longer distances, but I don't know if it is correct. Electronics isn't a problem. The problem is electronics that you cannot personally verify. Every step can be electronic and things be just fine. However if someone decides to cast doubt on any point in the chain it needs to be possible to verify that link actually was done correctly. With your system I can cast doubt on the entire chain, and there is no problem because you can remove all doubt by taking those paper ballots and counting them all by hand. With several hundred million ballots to count it is obviously expensive (in man-hours), but you can see how to verify that counts. Note that the above verification is something your average idiot with no knowledge of computers can understand and trust. There exist systems that are all electronic: the voter pushes a button (on a touch screen) and from there on we only have the count. As a programmer I can think of many ways I can make the voting system change a few votes and there is no way to know that the machine's count is wrong. Part of what make this hard is anonymous votes are important. There are cases in history where someone was forced (with a gun) to vote for someone they probably wouldn't have voted for otherwise. We have solved this problem by having watchers at the polls (from all sides) ensure that nothing funny happens at the polls, and once you leave the booth nobody has any way to know who you voted for. The above is why I think absentee voting needs to be restricted to those who physically cannot get to the polls on voting day (I'm fine with a voting week or month) Why do you need to have an address? What is wrong with being homeless? Different locations do it differently. I know of one are where all you need is someone with an ID to vouch that you are a resident of that area and you can register (under any name you want) and vote. Poll watchers have told me about cases where a bus shows up one person vouches for everybody on the bus and so they vote. They are sure it is fraud, but nothing can be done about it. If it is true or not I don't know, but is a real concern if so. They should not. However in a badly designed system they will. It turns out to be harder than you might think to not leak information. If you apply a hash to the password (which you should) and then check the hash you need to check all characters of the hash before announcing yes/no. Otherwise the attacker then time how long it takes to get to the no, when it takes longer they know that the first byte of the hash matches - this lets the attacker eliminate most of the possible passwords quickly and thus break in faster. The above is just one of the subtle things you need to worry about when trying to design a password checker. If you get it right the answer is NO, the attacker doesn't know when he is getting close. Given the above, why do you think anything is safe? Common grapefruit was created by putting a radiation source in an orchard and seeing what happened - most of it was bad (as in trees died), but one grapefruit turns out to taste good. That grapefruit was grafted again and again until it is dominate. We have no idea which genes were changed and never did any study to see if the mutations were safe, we just eat it. For hundreds of years farmers have been saving seeds from the plants that produced better. As a result the random mutations that farmers like have been selected for with no study on if those are safe mutations. By Contrast with GMO we know which gene we change and why, and have done studies to prove safety. Maybe biases studies, and maybe not enough of them, but we have done them. That is more than you can say about anything not GMO. Genetic high cholesterol can easily cost more than $100k in costs over a life time, even assuming that treatment is successful in averting a heart attack. A one time $100k treatment to fix the gene is already break even. That is before we discuss the side effects avoiding them is worth quite a bit to a lot of people as well. Defined benefit plans are often required to invest in investments with a terrible return. Amazing how sanitation caused polio to drop rapidly for years without having an effect on measles, then suddenly measles starting dropping. Or we can just notice how the drop occurs right after the introduction of the vaccine. A radiation source constrains the modifications? The breadth and scale is much smaller with GMO and random chance. A farmer several thousand years ago is responsible for as much genetic mutation of the human race as all the genetic manipulation that has made it to market. (though this will change quickly if we start making approval for GMO easy) Yes. I tried duck duck go 10 years ago when I first heard about it, and decided it wasn't anywhere near as good as google. A few months back I was convinced to try it again, and surprise, it is just as good as google. I recently did a few queries where I didn't find anything so I tried google and it got the same irrelevant results (as a category, not the same pages) Yes, but that isn't always the right answer. If your system is starting to cost "a lot" is that because of a bug (this case), or is it because your idea just "went viral" and you are not getting tons of paying customers signing up? If it is the latter you do not want any rate limiting, you want everything to scale as fast as possible (I hope there are no bugs on your end). Rate limiting means that your new customers get a poor experience and so they are more likely to ask for a refund, or not renew next time. Right, but those are all things we are not talking about here, so RARP worked just fine. Everybody deserves credit. Your manager could have told you to work on a different problem. Are you really a better engineer than me - working for a different company in a different problem space where that algorithm isn't needed? Is it something special about you that nobody else could develop it, or is it just the circumstances put you in a place where you couldn't help but develop it? So you developed a new algorithm, are you sure that if I had tried I wouldn't have developed a better one? Consistency is a constraint. Authors have unwritten contracts with their readers. You cannot destroy the readers immersion with the story with something that doesn't fit (readers will get mad and throw the book down). You cannot spend so much time explaining things that there is no action (this makes for a boring story that is never read). A formula romance cannot solve the problem of a long standing antagonist by having the hero grab a magic wand from nowhere and kill him - readers of romance generally assume a very earth like world because the story is about the romance and changing the world to add and explain magic is a distraction. So the standard course of action is for the hero to use a gun - guns already exist and so very little explanation needs to be spent on where the hero gets the gun before the story goes back to the romantic parts the reader is interested in. That isn't to say the hero cannot use a magic wand in a romance story, but magic needs to be introduced by page 2 at the latest - and some readers will decide that they don't want to read your book because magic is involved. Note that non-fiction doesn't have that constraint. I can introduce the magic wand used to kill right at the moment in history where the magic wand was used. Readers will go "what", and do some double checking and discover that a magic wand was actually used (more likely the research will discover that nobody knows what was really used, but it looked to observers like a magic wand so that is what everyone says), then you will go back to my story satisfied that it really happened that way despite being unbelievable. In rural areas there are a lot of minimum maintenance roads. Legally they are roads and you can drive on them all you want. However if you don't have 4 wheel drive you shouldn't drive on them, even with 4 wheel drive there are times when you won't make it. A bus should never drive on these roads, and google does not know which these roads are - as I've discovered when I had to rescue someone who blindly followed google maps. Only if the budget was reasonable in the first place. All too often they "budget" far more money than is possible and then celebrate the cuts. You need to add a much strong suspension system as well, that implies more wheels. I'm not saying it can't be done, just that it is harder than it looks. How many bad situations have been prevented though? I've seen many situations where someone did try to remove something pointless that really wasn't pointless. I've been playing mandolin for 12 years. I still like to look down and watch my fingers move in awe that it is possible for them to move that way that fast. It doesn't seem real that my fingers can move that fast even while they are doing it. 15 minutes a day is a good goal when you start. When you first start that is all the longer you can stand listening to a bad rendition of trivial tunes. When you get better you can stand listening to yourself play longer and longer, and your practice time can increase. Don't push too fast. A mandolin is probably the most logical in this area. Tuned like the violin, but you get frets and don't have to learn the bow. You need some skill as well, and that takes longer to develop than calluses. 8 hours of "twinkle twinkle little star" will drive anyone insane. Even if you had a billion dollars you couldn't do all of that. You can do a few of them, but each of the above takes enough time that you cannot do them all at once. My todo list will take me to my 3000 birthday. Cure is a hard thing. Research can get us closer, but until you do it you never know if the research will pan out. Someone smart gets an idea (someone who already knows enough about the subject to have a reasonable guess as to what might work), then they go into the lab and try it. Over the course of larger and larger studies - eventually something fails and they start over with a new idea (often a refinement of the last one), until it gets through all studies and is shown to work. Nobody knows how long this process will take. It isn't known if a cure is possible though we have had enough success in similar problems to believe it is. Gates is focusing on things like Measles. We already know to cure it. The only thing left is rolling it out. Gates can easily calculate that $x hires so many nurses, and buys so many vaccine doses. Thus eliminating measles is something that we can do with money. Unfortunately there are a lot of vaccine deniers claiming measles is not harmful and pushing to skip the vaccine which makes elimination less likely. You can help here without spending any many: talk about it with your social circle and importantly remind them that youtube, movies, and blogs are NOT a valid places to do research. It is the mythical man-month applied to charity. It takes time to get results, adding more money doesn't help. Nobody wants that much cash in one lump sum, they want an anual income. If you give me my anual income (including benifits and supplies) and I can quit my current job to do charity work. If instead you were to give me a billion dollars, I can still quit my job to do charity work, but this time I'll be doing it from a very nice yacht or something else. Money to charity is the same way: you are much better off funding a smaller amount over the years (as opposed to some other job they could do instead) than giving them money, either they waste the money - even prudant investing of money is a waste since it takes away time that could be used on the thing you want the charity to do.