I'm not sure 'purpose' is the right word here. Truly what is the purpose of a game? I don't think there's a trivial answer to the question, and I think 'story' is more fair. People care about stories. Stories generate meaning. it's madness out there enjoyed this line: "This leaves a pre-tax profit of 3.39 EUR / month per subscriber if I calculate it Groupon-style, totally ignoring marketing costs." At face value, to "make myself redundant" seems to contradict what Seth Godin advocates in his book: "Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?" [ http://www.amazon.com/Linchpin-Are-Indispensable-Seth-Godin/... ] Although I think they'd both agree on the goal of always looking to do interesting work, contributing to projects like a human being instead of doing cookie-cutter work, etc.. I can't help but think they'd also have some profound differences of opinion on how to get there. Also known as 'conversationally anal-retentive'. "stranded somewhere and not having anything to read". I can associate with this. Although there has been much written about the function and role of boredom in modern society. In particular, that while boredom may not be pleasant, or well understood, it is a different state of mind as opposed to active engagement and entertainment. And perhaps in the state of mind, certain thoughts may rise that need such an environment to percolate to the surface. Reminds me of Bruce Sterling's talk about the importance of having quality, physical things in your life http://video.reboot.dk/video/486788/bruce-sterling-reboot-11 Agree, the element of time seems to be missing here - and this seems a central characteristic of workflows. Im a fan of using the spacebar as my leader key. Im waiting for this day to come for me, now. ViEmu or VsVim? The distinction between developing software and writing code seems a bit weak to me. So much has already been discussed about DFW. And still being written(for example: http://www.thepointmag.com/2012/essays/coming-to-terms ). I must say I'm almost surprised to see Hacker News branching into literary subjects, but of course there are related topics concerning technology in his work. Next thing we know, we'll start seeing articles about philosophy and metaphysics! it was my first thought, i'm afraid nice dig! I was just watching Bret Victor's Inventing on Principle talk and thus learned about Larry Tesler. He says Larry Tesler dedicated his life to removing modes from software back where was no such thing as modeless editing. Perhaps this is why. I agree, it's not really a learning tool (for a novice). Some commands here are pretty obscure; you wouldn't use some of them very much or at all, but that's not evident in the diagram. And you also have the right idea about learning vim incrementally ( http://yehudakatz.com/2010/07/29/everyone-who-tried-to-convi... ), instead of the "learn everything in parallel" approach that some advise. Perhaps this is the starting point then? https://gist.github.com/1886716 exactly. This is a "Modes" transition diagram. For example, :commands aren't modes as well. Good tip. I didn't know this as well. I think Bret may be targeting laypeople from what I've seen, so he will always come down on the side of enabling growth for larger numbers of people, as opposed to an 'elite' few (comparatively). I believe https://github.com/oo7ph/Trello-Clone another chrome extension, uses backbone as well. But I haven't studied this one (yet). Innovation in technology comes from using technology in ways it wasn't intended, not necessarily what is the most efficient. I'm wondering if I'll live long enough to where this won't be a joke anymore. a swarm of networked load-bearing quadcopters. Same story here! But I still use Notepad++ for quick tasks that I might otherwise have to spend a few thought cycles on in VIM. Also, I really like Notepad++'s Python Script plugin. I never realized this either. Thanks! Building something simalaar to this was the only good idea I'd been harboring forna while now, but it will be interesting to see the feedback. I couldn't figure out how flexible to make it or what features to support, or if it should accept a file-based data structure for those not wanting to program an api. I guess I don't really know the audience. The scope of articles has increased dramatically lately. The best part is the 'glasses falling' intro (ok, maybe not the best part, but a good one). Agree, and from the pictures it looks like they had plenty of assistance in setting this up. Me too, such as, is it black hole time yet?! If I could make things this beautiful (and it's not pure form, it's also functional), I'd feel a lot better about what I do. Some nice javascript to study as well. http://blog.nelhage.com/2010/01/on-git-and-usability/ "Fundamentally, the way (most) people learn and think about subversion is different from the way git experts think about git. subversion’s internal model is fairly complex, but you are not expected to understand it. You just have to know the half dozen commands you’ll ever need, and you use them, and everything is fine. Git’s model is fundamentally fairly simple (a DAG of immutable commit objects where branches are named mutable pointers into it), but you are expected to understand it fully to use git effectively." ... " The other, perhaps more fundamental reason, is that git is designed to be infinitely flexible, and so it’s fairly rare that you can give an answer for “How do I do X with git?”, since the answer will often depend on, “Well, what are your project’s conventions?” " In other words, perhaps git is like C Or maybe it's due to the 'rolling' shutter causing shear stretching as mentioned in the article You might as well say 'One plus the biggest whole number nameable with 1,000 characters of English text', if that sort of thing is allowed. agree on not changing fonts, colors, styles, buttons ... Yep!! The point is, if you say 'Take however many symbols it takes you to describe your large number', that's not well-defined and is fundamentally ambiguous due to the nature of language. The profile edit screen does say: [Email (will be public)] I feel screwed taking some online machine learning courses because I can barely do Linear Algebra. relevant: http://xkcd.com/1050/ "The only things you HAVE to know are how to make enough of a living to stay alive and how to get your taxes done. All the fun parts of life are optional." If we measured everything by how much we used it professionally, we wouldn't learn music, play sports, or any number of things we focus on in schools. Or for a bit more power, check out the APC for $49: http://www.geek.com/articles/chips/via-launch-a-49-android-p... "The APC’s spec includes a VIA WonderMedia ARM 11 processor at its core, 512MB DDR3 RAM, 2GB of on-board flash storage, 4 USB 2.0 ports, a microSD slot, Ethernet port, and both VGA and HDMI display ports. As for power consumption, it tops out at 13 watts under load and 4 watts when idle." Should be possible; not sure how hard it will be to compile fo r ARM Casting my vote for http://www.ribbonfarm.com I haven't read any papers, but I've heard of this experiment (or one with similar effects) before in a basic psychology class. Pinboard does if you also have bookmark archiving turned on. Are there any examples of machine learning and tagging beingused together in an online bookmarking service? Re 2: you do need to re use your tags, but it is also true that the more tags you use the better. Having a long tail of very specific tags is not an issue because it allows you to go very quickly to that specific tag, but re-using the general tag allows finding the item if the specific tag is forgotten. So you need both. The only problem this causes is browsing your tags, but then you're not really trying to find an item in thay case, so it doesn't matter as much. I see your point, yes. If you can't remember the name of the general tag, yes, you need to browse. Assuming the general tag is used somewhat often though, some services allow you to filter tags based on how often they're used (Pinboard does this). reddit called and was asking for you Characteristic of editing via Modes, previously seen: The Mother of All Demos: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mother_of_All_Demos Are we going to see more of a return to Modal editing? Thanks for the tip! Good observation on the proliferation of articles that need to be didactic these days. My guess is that it tends to grab ones attention a bit more? Yep, I came here to post this exact sentiment. 1. It's his first venture into a programming project 2. "var wordCount = value.trim().split(/\s+/).length" isn't much of a library. The benefit of a project like this for user's is so they can avoid building the scaffolding and deployment. The gist isn't quite as interactive. (PCM) -> Do you mean PCA (Pricipal Component Analysis)? An attempt to design a reasonable computer science curriculum using just Coursera courses, where “reasonable” is a curriculum that roughly mirrors the coursework required for a four-year university computer science degree: http://www.thesimplelogic.com/2012/09/24/you-say-you-want-an... I suffered a mini-panic-attack halfway through reading this, and had put my head on the floor until the nausea passed. That's interesting. At first glance, it seems like we invented Separability just to make things easier for us. In my head I'd always assumed that forces diminish continuously; But I guess that's what I get for thinking of force as something different from a particle. If all force is particles, I suppose it makes sense. Why does this have over 150 points? I'm sure there are a few cookie libraries, but so far I think I prefer https://github.com/js-coder/cookie.js I'm really pleased to see n+1 appear on hacker news. This is a great publication. Sometimes the writing can be a little obtuse, but in general I think many hn'ers would enjoy finding out more about them. Wow, the commenters here are really defensive about their text editors and CLI. Yes, they do rule the day and they do a damn good job at that. But aren't you at lest curious what else could be possible? Don't be so quick to shoot other ideas down, no-ones forcing you to move your cheese! "If you're going to study Backbone, it might be better to just study Backbone" I agree. At the end of this introduction, he gives, as further reading for the beginner, Lambda the Ultimate. Oohh look how smart he is! The following blog post is useful to see why all the back history the ars technica post goes into is probably more distracting that useful. http://therealkatie.net/blog/2012/oct/24/career-day/ I liked 1Q84. I felt it could have been a bit shorter without much loss to the story though. 'The Wind Up Bird Chronicle' and 'Hard Boiled Wonderland and The End of the World' remain my favorite Murakami novels. Your sentiment has been logged and cross-referenced in our classified database for the betterment of current and future society. Perhaps neuroticism includes it, but I think the term has been retired from usage in the past couple decades. I pretty much gave up games too. Especially console games. Especially shooters. I'd still like to try this out with some more chill indie/puzzle games though (i.e. English Country Tune) http://video.reboot.dk/video/486788/bruce-sterling-reboot-11 "Four variety of items: Beautiful things; emotionally important things; tools, devices and appliances that efficiently perform some useful function; and category four, everything else." http://www.wired.com/beyond_the_beyond/2011/02/transcript-of... I think your description of "literalness" relates well to "geometric" typefaces (typefaces constructed on simple geometric shapes). I think a tag system instead of a directory system may be better for categorizing libraries. For example, is D3 is "data / undefined". Arguably it could exist in multiple categories. Thanks for this! Very cool. I wish there wasn't as much HDR-like post processing in these images. It kind of has an "uncanny valley" thing going on. Also, this sentiment is popularized as worse-is-better: http://www.jwz.org/doc/worse-is-better.html I understand F# is in the ocaml family. Any reason why one would prefer ocaml over fsharp? "To a first approximation the method of science is 'find an explanation and test it thoroughly', while modern core mathematics is 'find an explanation without rule violations'." This kind of rings a bell for me here concerning Formal Verification methods (i.e. proofs), possibly more popular with functional programming techniques. Amazing history, thanks! Siri is a commercial spinoff of a DARPA AI project Interesting example of how a substantial innovation (like Siri) yet again does not come from a private company, but from a R&D or such funded project without a short-term capitalist adgenda. Also I'd bet that this fact is largely unknown; this I'd understand is also characteristic. -- No wonder we're having problems getting public funding for "actual" new tech. I think newsblur supports some kind of training after looking at it today; not sure how effective it is. interesting, thanks! I like it! Although why would I use it over building a simple webapp hosted on the Pi by using existing server-side technologies such as Flask, Rails etc.. Or perahps I3! http://i3wm.org/ Although I skimmed a bit, but I was a little let down when the author started heavily editorializing the issue. I guess I just want to see more data and less up-font opinions on issues like this. It's true - but I like to think of it as an instance where it's ok to break all the rules and see something unexpected. Sometimes as a dev I feel boxed in with regards to how technology is intended to be used. ServiceStack vs WCF would probably be a more apt comparison, but I suppose there are people using SerivceStack for web apps as well. "There's an emphasis on the pleasure of choosing and planning. We've moved quite dramatically away from the action games of the 80s and 90s, where the primary mode of engagement was reaction to events." "Again, this comes back to the central appeal of games – authority. Game stories are often pretty hokey, but they're compelling because we're in control." "Another important game design facet is "disproportionate feedback", in which players are hugely rewarded for achieving very simple tasks." "Conversely, designers have discovered that failure can be an important factor in keeping us entertained. " "That loop of agency, learning and disproportionate feedback is at the heart of something very important," thanks instead of make install, consider checkinstall or fpm so that you are properly integrated into ubuntu's native package manager (dpkg). Doing so will save you headaches when you want to uninstall tmux or upgrade later. Perhaps a nice C-f then? Just passing by.. http://nightweb.net/#type=user&userhash=a4ehmznzujb4iiai... http://factorie.cs.umass.edu/ The job of actually building things belongs to the lower and middle classes. It has most always been a point of distinction for the upper class that they aren't concerned with utility. Part of the point of being upper class is freeing yourself from having to do utilitarian work. I don't think they'd need to scan the 300+ million new photos. They'd just need to scan the photos of individuals that governments and/or corporations would like to target. Yes extend is unnecessary in this case. The key was saving a reference to self. You're wrong. The saddest thing is the loss of life and limb. Of course, now that he's been caught, this is much easier to say. I'm not very convinced by by your slippery slope argument with regard to the US, at least in domestic affairs. (foreign is another matter) It's probably not a good idea to mix the emotional with the analytical, but when it happens, the emotional wins; we're human beings. I hate to get moral/philosophical, but utilitarian motives, in the eyes of societal norms, usually is the loosing position. The canonical example of this is the man waiting by the railroad switch who must decide whether to divert a train to certain doom or let the train run over an individual. According to society the man must always divert the train. Yes my example was poor; I don't think I got it right, perhaps I forgot the correct form. I guess I just am not sure how this inevitable tyranny manifests in deaths, but I can appreciate the point. As a side note, these guys might not have even been caught if we were not living in 'the panopticon'. I wonder if the same argument applies to using Reactive Extensions (Rx), ReactiveCocoa, etc.. I agree, this suffers from the same problems of efforts that have preceded it. Thanks! I'm using i3 as well and am loving it. Gotta start somewhere ;). I'l see how it goes, have two LCD's ordered and on the way now. When did Monaco fall out of favor? What don't people like about it? I kind of like it's angularity. I would love to see list of proportional fonts people are using for programming. Will Dwolla bring back support for bitcoin transactions? Sorry, I should've been more clear; I didn't intend to talk about native support. I was referring to the "gateway" service explicitly. The only reason I brought this up was because Dwolla was missing from BitInstant last week, but now Dwolla appears to have resurfaced back on BitInstant's form. You didn't miss anything. I was referring to the gateway service; not native service. BitInstant had supported Dwolla in the past, and then it went missing from their site, and now it appears to be back. I'm surprised scientific realism fared as well as it did. http://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/#section=motivation "As with the previous question, we'd love to. We have heard tentative word from a reader/contributor that a pull request may be incoming soon that will include several .NET frameworks on Mono, which we assume will be as easy to include as any other pull request. One challenge we face is that the test infrastructure we've built assumes a Linux deployment that we can automate using ssh and Python. To do a proper .NET test on Windows Servers, we will need to work on adapting that platform to automate Windows Servers as well. Community assistance on this would be greatly appreciated." What is emg? The Paperclip Maximizer: inconceivable, conceivable but not metaphysically possible, or metaphysically possible? I sense the approach of the p-zombie. just trolling. The distinction was posed here ( http://philpapers.org/surveys/results.pl ). The resemblance: if a superintelligent AI lacks 'conscious experience, qualia, or sentience'. Just a sanity check: "Researchers have studied the decline in firearm crime and violent crime for many years, and though there are theories to explain the decline, there is no consensus among those who study the issue as to why it happened." TrackPoint is amazing; I hesitate to switch from ThinkPad's because of it. Assuming deterrence is the most significant factor in the decline. Additionally, I'm not sure the gang-bangers are watching CSI. Might be related to pornography as well. Are there any sites that publish the majority of it's content (or alternate) in html comments (view-source), rather than in visible markup? I'll reccomend Erik Meijer's videos on introductory Haskell. I haven't gotten though them all but I appreciate his style and depth of knowledge on the matter; he also points out many things that a Java or C# dev would naturally be curious about how to interpret Haskell. http://channel9.msdn.com/Series/C9-Lectures-Erik-Meijer-Func... It's terrible but the phrase "life is cheap in Russia" comes to mind, which I think I heard when these videos of Russian kids showing off on tall structures started emerging. Of course kids in most all countries enjoy such thrills. I feel like once I write something down in a list it will dissappear into the 'backlog' forever. Reminds me The Dip by Seth Godin. I liked his short stories from Angels and Visitations I believe shiv was used to mean something that didn't quite produce the correct behavior 100% of the time, or only produced the correct behavior in part. I agree these names are not intuitive but I believe that there are subtleties to the naming variations. I think some experimentation is healthy. Although I noticed the different style of font usage here, I kind of like it. I'm tired of looking at fonts that leave no trace of the history of the act of writing. Perhaps tech writers want to emphasize the act of writing itself? For example, maybe they are trying to get as far away from something that looks like a monospaced font, since that looks too much like code and this is writing. Poor is a bit strong, but yes the message was mixed. No! Obligatory Larry Tesler reference. "... who made it his personal crusade to “eliminate modes from software design” during his work on the early desktop user interface at Xerox PARC. The cause became so central to his life that his license plate read “NO MODES”, and he reportedly wore the slogan “Don’t Mode Me In” on a t-shirt." I haven't read http://www.dwavesys.com/en/dev-tutorial-intro.html yet, but this also looks interesting. as the article notes, you can achieve invasion of privacy by using a stepladder and a camera; this should be no different. among my friends they think movies are the highest form of 'writing', and we aren't even in California Sometimes I feel a bit strange using i3 on Ubuntu (which has put so much work into Unity). I believe i3 was written to solve the use cases of developers, and so maybe that's why I often feel the choices the creators made just seem to make so much sense. The wikipedia article talks much about dealing with outliers. How can outliers be removed/replaced or handled differently as the article suggests? Are the outliers not part of the data, after all? It seems like the goal of 'improving performance' here involves tweaking the data to get the results you want. What have I misunderstood here? Thanks for the explanation - it was helpful I thought you were serious, then I thought you were trolling, and finally figured out you were serious. is this supported on ubunty raring yet? Please include the units in the results! to throw out a few watery ideas based on your comments - it seems to fit with the 'retro' aesthetic; or at least the re-hashing of old ideas at a high frequency. This reminds me very much of the idea of post-modernism. Perhaps the downside is we loose some authenticity but make up for it in the wealth of the combinations. Doesn't this actually destroy bitcoins (of which there will only ever be a finite amount) Two Facebook articles on foreign privacy events in one day? Where were these reports before Snowden hit the news cycle? hand-written powershell or using a library? clippy! Reminds me of those monks that spend weeks making beautiful, meticulous sand mandalas, who then destroy them immediately upon completion. There used to be a time when all programmers were true CS graduates. But demand for tech across the boad has risen and now we have hacker schools that get you up and running in 6 months. If there is a corresponding rise in demand for design skills, at some level across the board, you can expect the same trend. Reaching your peak and landing a job are two different goals, and if more designers are needed, you can be sure companies won't wait for a full grad when others show they can perform many of those tasks "well enough" I remember some sort of experiment in Colorado in which state police formed a line of cars at intervals forcing everyone to drive the same speed, and thus was able to eliminate the daily blockages in that experiment. I think he could have halved the size of his solar kit and still not have had to worry about power interruptions. http://pi.qcontinuum.com/cgi-bin/rrd/rrdgraph.volts All the random entries I got were either SF or crime... I think the source list of books may have some bias torwards those genres It's also fatalistic, I might add. I like the decisions so far! On a pure style/preference note, I prefer content over chrome to an almost absurd degree - the margins around the individual posts could be tighter maybe? Sparse matrix multiplication using SQL was also a homework assignment in the latest coursera course "Introduction to Data Science" by Bill Howe Pasta Salad spikes (July 4th anyone?) http://www.google.com/trends/correlate/search?e=pasta+salad&... I'm currently using i3 as well and enjoy it. The only issue is with certain java-based applications such as PyCharm or Arudino IDE, in which sometimes the windows aren't drawn correctly due to the JVM not playing nicely with "non-reparenting" window managers (such as i3). Haskell is a puzzle language ( http://prog21.dadgum.com/38.html ). I intend to learn some Haskell but I keep wondering if it might be more useful to spend some time with Clojure or F# I tried to pip install plotly with python 3.3 and got some errors. Is it Py3 compatible? Sure, but if you're mr. straight forward and obvious all the time, I bet your skills will plateau faster than the puzzler. LINQ (C#) seems pretty awesome and not over-the-top, and I believe it's foundation is monad-based. Best example I can think of. doin' a good job - I enjoy the show What about event delegation? In JQuery there exists an overload to .on() that can pass a selector string to filter the descendants of the selected elements that trigger the event. Is there something similar in Minified? And yet what about the "JQuery soup" problem that everyone complains about? Isn't that due to having DOM manipulation code strewn about willy-nilly? why even call it a virus, if it shares so little in common with what we know as actual viruses? Nice list; a little stuffy for summer though. May I suggest Infitite Jest? Then your next big thing is (especially) Scala Sure, a lot of those languages (Ruby, C#, Lua) borrow some FP ideas, but I think sprinkling in some FP ideas is different from F#, OCaml, and Scala where FP seems to be more "font-and-center". This is a nice point to think about, thanks - I'll have to do some noodling on this. It's a small detail, but I appreciate that he even identifies the typefaces used in the deck at the bottom of his post. Especially in languages where whitespace matters, I think it's the wrapping of the lines itself that is problematic I love the flexibility of CHAP links' Timeline. I read super-cannes from him. It was quirky and definitely interesting. I'm under the impression that socat is the most versatile, but probably involves more typing for similar commands. "For any issue, there is an objective truth of the matter, and if people care enough to find out the truth, they should eventually find a theory/explanation of the issue that no has an issue with, at least for a while" This is called Logical positivism [1], well-known in the world of philosophy, and there are many criticisms. I'm not sure the matter is as self-evident as you present it to be. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logical_positivism Show me a presentation language that is as flexible and powerful as CSS. Try styling something in a native gui language, or something like xaml, and I guarantee there will be many more curse words. A lot of people who are shocked with the complexity of CSS aren't saying this after switching from another better GUI environment, they're getting into visual apps after doing backed work. CSS is not perfect but I'll take it over previous presentation idioms any day. I've not built apps in xaml but I've heard the that its a PITA once your app gets to a certain size and complexity. do you customize your emacs keybindings for text editing, or do you use the emacs defaults? I must admit I'm unfamiliar, but at a quick glance it does look quite nice. I had some issues with pythoninterp=dynamic and rubyinterp=dynamic. Ended up with this: https://gist.github.com/jonschoning/6202771 I enjoyed using Racket in the 'programming languages' coursera course I think it covers the base case well, but its not as full featured as dkpg. Also it seems like the chocolates repos always a version behind the edge. Thanks for that messagevault link - looks like a nice stripped down version of the self-editing, cross-platform file idea, which I hadn't heard expressed quite a succinctly as you just put it. I appreciate the reponse - OneNote/EverNote are orders of magnitude more powerful; I think they make more sense in a 'cloud world'. "Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours." https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/367028946426019840 "We have a circulating system with a fixed population..." Not quite the same since people getting off the hyperloop won't be turning around to get on it again. I think I'm going to have to go over michaelochurch's article again on unions and bloc voting power, which are very relevant to these ideas: http://michaelochurch.wordpress.com/2013/08/01/statistics-co... I had thought the most widely used implementation of FRP was in ReactiveCocoa. I can't comment on futures in c++11, but async/await is more like promises + coroutines, rather than just promises (as defined by Promises/A+) Thanks! I was already using ranger and this fits nicely with the i3 ethos as well. So it just increments at random when you call Start, until Done is called (assuming setX isn't used)? muscle milk isn't milk I think the issue is all the strings that must be grepped for and replaced in the scripts prior to installation. The most interesting thing for me about the frameworks is how they all use different methods of rendering the bar itself. So far I've seen straight css, canvas, and css transitions. I was fascinated with LIGO when I learned about it. It seems the best plans for such devices exist in the planned space-bound installations, such as LISA ( http://lisa.nasa.gov/ ) to say it's "pulled in a direction where the big mass no longer is" seems incorrect, because above we have "whenever a gravitating object moves inertially, the gravitational acceleration vector at a point removed actually points at where the object actually is at a given instant", due to the cancellaction and abberation effects. "Indeed, the vector (2.5) does not point toward the “instantaneous” position of the source, but only toward its position extrapolated from this retarded data" (which is pretty much the same location) Perhaps trying to measure true productivity reduces to the halting problem For many of these certifications, they not as useful to the employee as they are useful for the employer. The more certifications the employer has the better it is for them in various ways; sales opportunities, recognition, bids, perks, etc... also see GitMinutes #13: Richard Hartmann on Managing Your Homedir with vcsh: http://episodes.gitminutes.com/2013/06/gitminutes-13-richard... https://github.com/RichiH/vcsh And what of infinite jest and Wallace? The end of the last vogue? I'm hearing a lot of companies talking about the desire for "T-Shaped" Developers. I believe this means they do have deep knowledge in at least one area, but also have more general knowledge in a range of topics besides their specialty. Monaco is my favorite as well. Actually I think it's slightly less readable then bitstream vera or consolas, but Monaco has some kind of angular personality to it that makes more emotionally satisfying to read and program in, than the others I would love to hear if you find any good communities out. see also "The Cornell Note-taking System" http://lsc.cornell.edu/LSC_Resources/cornellsystem.pdf folks talking about seafile in other thread... Around the same time I heard of Urbit, I was listening to Don Stewart talk on a podcast (Haskell Cast episode #2) about using Haskell to avoid running an entire OS in the cloud; only the necessary code to perform the necessary operations to integrate with other systems was necessary. He was using Xen to run a GHC process which he describes as a "microkernel environment". Xen + Language Runtime (ghc) + user functions = the whole stack, and this boots in milliseconds, using only 1 or 2 meg of memory. What's interesting is that this is a technique that he's using in development today . I didn't read all the Urbit documentation, but the concepts between Don Stewart's approach and Urbit seem to share some similarities with eliminating OS bloat. Some folks have claimed Urbit is as much art at practical, but Don is already doing practical things like this; unless I'm mistaken about what Urbit is about (I'm sure it does a lot of other things differently as well). Here's the talk: http://www.haskellcast.com/episode/002-don-stewart-on-real-w... Reminds of this wonderful study in usability: http://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/25059665/CustomerForm.htm... Reminds me of the Tiger Mom's philosophy of parenting in which their children won't enjoy any of their activities (and usually they don't), that is, until they get good at them. That's a great feature which will actually help avoid creating local bindings just to easily see the value. That's the real story here. The military has control of the allowed corba implementations so they don't suffer from different runtimes, and get all the typed benefits and speed benefits. Solubility is important but even though vitamin c is soluble, taking too much is quite harmful aggregrated over longer time frames. http://m.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/07/the-vitamin-... That sounds closer to reality. I'll be most software companies could defend such a requirement if it ever went to court. The pilots' confusion in the Asiana 214 crash [1] [2] was likely due to uncertainty about how/if autopilot was managing the airplane, and what the human crew still had responsibility for. "The difficulty of re-engaging distracted drivers" - This is the danger that will be faced in driverless cars just like Asiana 214. If the expectation is that drivers must retain full "Situational Awareness", it seems like a lot of the benefits of being "driverless" are lost. Perhaps it should be called "Assisted Driving" instead under given this expectation. I can't believe they'd call such a vehicle a "driverless car", when the software simply gives up when there are too many things going on. Seriously, that software problem needs to be solved. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asiana_Airlines_Flight_214 [2] http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/philg/2013/07/13/asiana-crash-t... Below is what I feel is a relevant excerpt from Text of SXSW2013, Closing Remarks by Bruce Sterling [1]: --- Why does nobody talk about them? Because nobody wants them, that’s why. Imagine somebody brings you a personal desktop computer here at South By, they’re like bringing it in on a trolley. “Look, this device is personal. It computes and it’s totally personal, just for you, and you alone. It doesn’t talk to the internet. No sociality. You can’t share any of the content with anybody. Because it’s just for you, it’s private. It’s yours. You can compute with it. Nobody will know! You can process text, and draw stuff, and do your accounts. It’s got a spreadsheet. No modem, no broadband, no Cloud, no Facebook, Google, Amazon, no wireless. This is a dream machine. Because it’s personal and it computes. And it sits on the desk. You personally compute with it. You can even write your own software for it. It faithfully executes all your commands.” So — if somebody tried to give you this device, this one I just made the pitch for, a genuinely Personal Computer, it’s just for you — Would you take it? Even for free? Would you even bend over and pick it up? Isn’t it basically the cliff house in Walnut Canyon? Isn’t it the stone box? “Look, I have my own little stone box here in this canyon! I can grow my own beans and corn. I harvest some prickly pear. I’m super advanced here.” I really think I’m going to outlive the personal computer. And why not? I outlived the fax machine. I did. I was alive when people thought it was amazing to have a fax machine. Now I’m alive, and people think it’s amazing to still have a fax machine. Why not the personal computer? Why shouldn’t it vanish like the cliff people vanished? Why shouldn’t it vanish like Steve Jobs vanished? It’s not that we return to the status quo ante: don’t get me wrong. It’s not that once we had a nomad life, then we live in high-tech stone dwellings, and we return to chase the bison like we did before. No: we return into a different kind of nomad life. A kind of Alan Kay world, where computation has vanished into the walls and ceiling, as he said many, many years ago. Then we look back in nostalgia at the Personal Computer world. It’s not that we were forced out of our stone boxes in the canyon. We weren’t driven away by force. We just mysteriously left. It was like the waning of the moon. They were too limiting, somehow. They computed, but they just didn’t do enough for us. They seemed like a fantastic way forward, but somehow they were actually getting in the way of our experience. All these machines that tore us away from lived experience, and made us stare into the square screens or hunch over the keyboards, covered with their arcane, petroglyph symbols. Control Dingbat That, backslash R M this. We never really understood that. Not really. --- [1]: http://www.wired.com/beyond_the_beyond/2013/04/text-of-sxsw2... Good thoughts here. I am optimistic due to things like raspberry pi and arduino becoming popular, but at the same time these things just feel like this generations version of building radio kits and model airplanes. Ultimately it's the data rather than the computation that's important. I believe the problem is at the chip level, not the software level Yeah, its not about increasing security against an individual but pretending to be a less appealing target to the masses. Agree, the scope here is extremely limited Agree - I tire of the grammar used by techies and programmers which, even writing in their native language, sounds like one of a 2nd-year foreign immigrant. They cannot (or care not to) empathize with how a reader might interpret their words. I don't know why, but I found N-1 minions incredibly funny and almost spewed my coffee. 'The claim that [insert political force here] is able to claim legitimacy only through hypocrisy is one of the oldest in politics,' and it sounds like something from Noam Chomsky's playbook too. The other side of this coin which makes me uneasy is: if HN is the only place that get traction for certain projects, what does that say about the value proposition of the project? In other words, is what we have here a self-validating pyramid? Do non-HN people actually have a need for new software that isn't already supplied by the big 4? I agree - I wonder if the Entity Framework results could be improved by using Compiled Queries. C# and Java are similar enough, I wonder if it would be good to show a few comparisons between syntax of those two languages, if most of his peers in fact knew Java well. I think the performance of Mono on Linux is a bit lacking though, compared to other Linux VM's/Runtimes or the Windows CLR runtime. Is there so much in your .vimrc that it couldn't be written in a new syntax, without that much effort? We're not talking about supporting an entire legacy software app here. The LLVM as the JIT compilation engine in Mono option is very interesting! Thanks for that tip. I used to use freebsd as a student a while ago. It was pretty interesting and I wish more people would give it a try. I'm learning too. Btw, which resources are you using? I think the package system needs work, yes, but I'm not sure this is the fault of "Haskell the Language". Although I've read some blogs that complained that ML gets this right, and Haskell makes it harder with it's typeclasses But is there also some selection bias at play here? Typically you don't see a lot of GUI programs or games written in pure FP; so far, I haven't been reading much that exols the virtues of FP in those domains. http://prog21.dadgum.com/138.html "If you want to be on the cutting edge of functional programming research, it's easy. Pick something that looks like a poor match for state-free code, like a video game, and start working on it." Will I have to write a FP "white paper" to make a game in FP? Here's a recursive definition which is less cool but less 'magic' powerset :: [a] -> [[a]] powerset [] = [[]] powerset (x:xs) = yss ++ map (x:) yss where yss = powerset xs > powerset [1,2,3] [[],[3],[2],[2,3],[1],[1,3],[1,2],[1,2,3]] I installed i3 on my ubuntu laptop and am so used tiling windows now, especially since i3 lets you choose which way new windows will be tiled. Billions Thank you! Haven't tried ViEmu, but vsvim is actively maintained. Lots of fixes have gone in to making it play more nicely with other plugins like ReSharper. Compared to vim emulation plugins in other editors like sublime text or even emacs, vsvim provides some pretty good coverage of vim features. Don't expect vimscript support or anything - the modes are pretty good though. I'm interested in a proportional font, but not times new roman. I was addicted to falcon 4 only a few years ago. Its a wonderful sim that even ran great on my laptop. Learning all the radar modes really increases the feeling of realism. Also there's a strange online community. The everyone is middle aged and some real pilots too. Those are some curious methods, but I'm not sure the names fold and foldback are appropriate given what they actually do. ConEmu is great; never looked back! So, then is there some vocabulary that is lacking to describe the difference between these two ideas, but seem to use the same words? Why do you say right brained people tend toward FP? To me, FP has many abstractions that must be learned as well. The slide below describing "Type it to the max" seems to describe what you're referring to. It's powerful, but I don't think they are beginner languages. http://www.cs.ox.ac.uk/ralf.hinze/WG2.8/31/slides/martin.pdf That's why there's a distinction between 'accidental' complexity (poor architecture) and 'intrinsic' complexity (unavoidable) yeah, the polyglot approach is total in it's coverage, but I haven't experienced how polyglotism works on a team or set of teams. If you look at Odersky's presentation "The Trouble with Types" [1] at Strage Loop 2013, he describes Scala as a "type it to the max language" like haskell, ocaml or F#. He seems to be aware of the complexity problem and proposes a few ways to reduce some of the type complexity. [1] http://www.infoq.com/presentations/data-types-issues I'll second Haskell wiki. It has some of the most detailed explanations of functional concepts I've come across. http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Fold http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Monad http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/All_About_Monads http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Learn_Haskell_in_10_minut... http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Typeclassopedia Also check out http://adit.io/ for some great tutorials with pictures Grossman's PL course is not the hardest of them all, but it did provide had the most value, compared to the other Coursera courses I've taken. Truly excellent. I had taken Odersky's first scala course in FP, which probably helped prevent initial shock, but I still had to put in the hours to get through all the assignments. That said, it didn't like banging my head against some complex theory or algo problem. Seeing the absolute beginners stuggle is painful, but at least they are making an attempt. Btw, the craziest coursera forms I ever saw were in the non-tech fields. In Into to Finance it was so bad; at least our sort don't type posts in all caps ;) The only one that drove me a little nuts was the demux assignment, but I thought Meijer's videos were fine and haven't had the grader problems others have had (yet). Except what gets fed to f is the 'unwrapped' value, not the whole monad See Douglas Crockford's opinion this subject: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkZFtimgAcM Not sure how I feel about this thread. A hundred folks who probably haven't investigated how to effectively teach adults, try to explain monads in the space of 3 tweets (probably not the best medium). And then we wonder why folks steer towards less abstract tools. For every person who visits which gains monad satori, how many have we turned away, never to return? Install a new build siren/lightbar There is no such thing as society - Thatcher Stylish clothing which makes one look good in the neighborhood. That's fair. Although I would suggest her view encourages you to take care of yourself first, and only then pay attention to others. Funny, I thought that was the basic value proposition of the liberal arts degree. And yet the vast majority of programming jobs do not require knowing CLRS and Knuth. Let's not confuse theoretical with practical knowledge. Some thoughts about manifestos in general: "A manifesto is about moral authoritarianism: an absolutist statement of eternal values from which follows (typically) an absolutist ideal of the good life. If there is one thing that most defines a manifesto, it is what it lacks: a central place for uncertainty." "The problems Haque identifies cannot be solved with manifestos because they are problems, not karmic punishments for espousing false values that will go away through the embrace of the “right” values." http://www.ribbonfarm.com/2013/11/13/the-gooseberry-fallacy/ By what process can I "understand whether these correlations matter for specific, interesting questions"? At this point, it's probably easier to name the languages that don't have closures as opposed to those that do I am dissapointed by most scifi because I have such high expectations for it. So I have started to look to other genres that offer better quality on average. "You will use matlab and CVX" Not sure what CVX is, but if Octave isn't sufficient, pretty much a non-starter. Don't feed the trolls Fwiw, visual studio evaluates your JavaScript similar to this providing you pretty good js intellisense/autocomplete http://codeofrob.com/entries/my-relationship-with-solid---th... Interesting take on the open closed principle New York, where the bums are better dressed and more fashionable than you Scrum is not a process? Too vauge.. Also the solution always seems to be inappropriate skills of the developers The container analogy does break down in some instances. For example, using monads to model a workflow. I've come to accept 'Computational Context' as the best descriptor so far. probably because 'mappend' was defined while thinking about usage for lists, but is hardly appropriate for the general case. So, 'Appending' 5 to 3 gives 8; it could be better. Deploy the canaries! Why isn't it used more in haskell? We thought we wanted frameworks to build big complex UI's with things like Dojo and Prototype, and discovered we wanted JQuery instead. I didn't say it had to be plus. I don't have the perfect answer, but append certainly seems like choosing a specific concept , rather than trying to come up with a more general name. Amazing how you think your claim is better informed than those from a primary source. You're right, the mystery solvent must have been it. I felt Effective Javascript was pretty on par with The Good Parts, and even better in some aspects. nor NIU Check out http://frompythonimportpodcast.com/2013/12/24/episode-016-ka... which features the "Young Coders tutorial at PyCon" . Geared towards kids at least 14 years old, it was pretty fascinating. http://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=2163338 You're not an artist until an artist calls you an artist. I've been itching to play Red Storm Rising sometime again to see how it holds up. Or perhaps one of those microprose tank sims. Check out the tiny house blog What about the RV folks, same criticisms? Looks weird to me... At leat on mobile, android seems to suffer from high latencies From Joe Duffy's Blog [1]: "Finally, you might wonder, “Why not base it on C++?” As we’ve progressed, I do have to admit that I often wonder whether we should have started with C++, and worked backwards to carve out a “safe subset” of the language." ... "I do expect to take our learnings and explore this avenue at some point, largely for two reasons: (1) it will ease portability for a larger number of developers (there’s a lot more C++ on Earth than C#), and (2) I dream of standardizing the ideas, so that the OSS community also does not need to make the difficult “safe/productive vs. performant” decision." "But for the initial project goals, I am happy to have begun with C#, not the least reason for which is the rich .NET frameworks that we could use as a blueprint (noting that they needed to change pretty heavily to satisfy our goals)." [1]: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache%3Ajoedu... How will we test for these worlds? Per the article, let's talk about psychology and sociology instead would be nicer if it borrowed syntax from a subset of an existing high-level language Are you arguing for mass appeal or out of your own interest? If the latter, you can opt out of unity and just use something like i3 which I find I am very productive with. Seems like those people tend to use the OS as their DE and eschew integrated IDEs. One pane for tests, one for grep/ask, one for vim/emacs, shell, etc... Pretty much just a re-hash of the previous day's discussion. There are at least 11 definitions of terrorism http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Definition_of_terrorisma It doesn't seem like the problems listed are new. Could the system ever have had legitimacy w/r/t these issues to begin with? Also, have we gotten more transparency into these issues as time has progressed? I think there's a difference between using Photoshop for exploratory purposes, and using Photoshop to produce a deliverable. I know Chris Coyier is a fan of using photoshop to explore a little bit, before you get into the mode of writing code, which he thinks can interfere with your creative process. When i hear Organic and City Design I immediately think of Christopher Alexander's Timeless Way of Building [1]. [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Timeless_Way_of_Building I'm not sure I trust anything from Dell anymore after the DER SPIEGEL releases. I thought Haskell did not have issues with circular data type construction with its 'tying the knot' http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Tying_the_Knot As Brian Beckman explained, as an aside, in "Don't fear the Monad" [1], these two differing views were born in the '70s and split two programmers into two camps: The bottom-up people, and the top-down people: - The bottom-up people start with the hardware and only add abstractions and trade performance where necessary (fortran, c, java) - The top-down people started with perfect abstraction/logic and reduced/removed abstraction to get access to the hardware and performance where necessary (lisp, ml, haskell) I don't think the two camps may ever get along. Kind of like our version of Conservative and Liberal. (nor should they, in the true spirit of democracy?) [1] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhuHCtR3xq8 Good points, didn't know about New Math, but the failure is very insightful. I'm not sure if perhaps there should be a distinction between operational abstractions vs logical abstractions. Scripting seems sit in a strange middle ground. Scripting languages tend to be very high level, but are often very approachable for beginners, e.g. Logo Individuals do both, yes, but disagreeing that there are in fact camps is something else. I fell out of following video games several years ago. But I must say I'm quite inspired by the work of Terry Cavanagh ( http://terrycavanaghgames.com/ ) and Stephen Lavelle ( http://www.increpare.com/ ). Maybe they just fit my more bite-sized appetite these days rather than for a 30-course-meal type of game, but the experimentation really captures something that, I think, drew me to games in the first place. I enjoyed Brach's talk; criticism like that needs to be heard. Of course FP isn't the solution to all problems. Still I felt he employed a number of strawmen. The HN discussion it provoked was excellent, however https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6941137 |> would be the flip of $ since the arg comes before the function While sprinkling a few expressions like this around is nice, it's quite a chore to embrace a true dataflow or similiar functionally typed design through your whole application, because the types in c# are so verbose i.e. public Generate(TState initialState, Func condition, Func iterate, Func resultSelector, IScheduler scheduler) Unfortunately there's probably not a great alternative in many cases such as this Look at the type signatures of many LINQ and Rx methods. I would hardly say they are succint. While just using expressions can be compact, maintaining a functional library or creating functional methods in your application will be a chore in c# due to the verbosity of the type syntax (Type inference won't help you on method signatures) Implying Haskell should only be used in the ivory tower? Just because it can be abstract doesn't mean you can't do CRUD apps with Haskell - why not? All the comments here debating whether AI in the movie would. What about the topic of the article, design? I heard the internals of the Scala compiler are really ugly and there isn't a true spec for why it does some of the things it does. So it might be hard to just make it match what the existing compiler does, because it's defined by it's implementation and it's hard to understand? right next to the oddly placed c++11 I couldn't find the article, but there's a theory that states something to the effect that black holes are only 2D and the rest of the universe is a holographic projection. They back some of this up by noting that the size of the event horizion of a black hole grows as a function of 2D mathematical spaces rather than 3D spaces. I'm curious if the optimizer in MS SQL Server handles this better. right, just using the method is not a problem. I'm saying it sucks if you have to write a whole bunch of methods like that because you are creating your own generators, etc... Another tough one is englishcountrytune [1] from stephen lavelle [1] http://www.englishcountrytune.com/ Monoculture is bad [1] https://speakerdeck.com/garann/bacon-is-bad-for-you My sample size is small, but the sentiment mainly comes from this: "Pacific Northwest Scala 2013 We're Doing It All Wrong by Paul Phillips - YouTube" [1] [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TS1lpKBMkgg Just create a type in any language and you can do it there too That kind inference only works because + is defined to work on Nums only (importing only prelude). You don't even need the initial 1. A nice trick but these are rather small details. http://9-eyes.com/ it is kind of an art project, so there's certainly the possibility (also wondering if that is part of the commentary). I've realized lately that http://www.reddit.com/r/haskell/ is always the place to go for latest haskell news. Don't forget Simon Marlow is at facebook now [1] But even there the goal is not about adopting Haskell in the large, but using rather using Haskell to create a DSL for end users/employees internally in FB to easily create search/spam filter behaviors. Still, it's a start. [1] http://www.haskellcast.com/episode/004-simon-marlow-on-paral... Although with web frameworks such as snap and yesod this is slowly changing TFS is on Hold, really? They cite 'frequent checkins' as problematic for TFS. What could be harder than clicking a check in button in your project? I like git too, but the reason here, which did not change from last time, doesn't inspire confidence they know TFS well at all. I'd like to program in vim with an oculus How about having tag lists, function documentation, analysis in peripheral views, you turn to look at them, but your code is always straight ahead? function composition in js can be tricky to visually parse the "types" (especially if curried). What a nice take-down. Uncle Bob responds: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7139961 Release notes for version 7.8.1 http://jsfiddle.net/zmV9D/embedded/result/ (ghc 7.8 is not yet released, just the branch to mop up any fixes is created) i.e. so-called "hyper-local" media http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperlocal I thought Stephen Toulmin had the most useful formulation of argumentation. "Toulmin's practical argument is intended to focus on the justificatory function of argumentation, as opposed to the inferential function of theoretical arguments. Whereas theoretical arguments make inferences based on a set of principles to arrive at a claim, practical arguments first find a claim of interest, and then provide justification for it. Toulmin believed that reasoning is less an activity of inference, involving the discovering of new ideas, and more a process of testing and sifting already existing ideas—an act achievable through the process of justification." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Toulmin Well sure, if you've interviewing folks without many/any accomplishments under their belt, that question wouldn't work as well. I also had issues creating an account. F# has this, I wonder how they did it? Ah, I see. Looking at how something similar was implemented in Haskell, they used phantom types and functional dependencies (in the type system) to achieve this - I'm not sure F# has those capabilities. "it can be daunting because the examples are written in Java." not sure why Java is a problem for teaching algorithms. Nice tutorial! I like project euler, but there's a point after the first bunch of problems when you need to learn more about math (such as the chinese remainder theorem), than you need to learn about the language. That's great and all, but I think there are other resources to continue your progression with the language. If you still like the project euler format, maybe try exercism.io Interesting problem! I was wondering why even define things like SquareMeters, but as you say the issues is reducing the terms that have different forms but mean the same thing. things can be composed different ways. m/s^2 should equal (m/s)/s n+1 is great. Sometimes it's a nice antidote to tech since they are also very interested in literature and culture. Their print version isn't half bad, either. Couldn't you make the same argument about the absolute limits of neurons and synapses? Defining a computer in terms of transistors and logic gates is analagous to defining a brain in terms of neurons and synapses. You arbitrarily impose limits in the definition of a computer and lift those limits in definition of a brain. Try programming in a language with dependent types. This is simply a (somewhat inaccurate) attempt at re-interpreting semour papert's advice that learning to program should serve as a medium/conduit of ideas but doesn't have intrinsic value, in and of itself, outside of the ideas applied and diacovered. If he was aware of papert it would've helped to see an attribution. 0i:j0vG. this did not add a colon to the entire file for me. vim emulation frustrates me to no end because it is never a complete emulation. Additionally, in emacs, there are many conflicting keybindings that prevent normal usage of using vim. I swapped CTRL and ALT recently, and mapped CAPSLOCK to ALT. This puts CTRL under the thumb which helps reduce strain I think You've obviously never been in any debate involving promises vs callbacks, semicolons vs no semicolons, FP vs OO, emacs vs vim, android vs ios, R vs python, etc... Sounds like some kind of new socio-economic order The performance on Mono is a bit less but I imagine it can do pure things just fine. since `fastSource.map(slowThing)` automatically pauses the source while the slow thing is processing, how is this different from iteration? It also states that in the case of a non-pausable source it will buffer the data. How does it know when to pause vs when to buffer. Is there some way to know what kind of source you've got, or are the the sources constructed in a way that chooses which behavior you get? relative to us, then how to explain the sun's motion? I'm having a hard time visualizing/explaining this. This seems like such faulty and backwards reasoning to me. The experiment of detecting anomalies at the subatomic level is very interesting and that work should continue. But, why must we say such anomalies lead to "we are living in a simulation"? This seems like a fallacy of logic from reasoning backwards from the effect to the cause, with absolutely no connection between the two. (Maybe people just want to hop on the "everything is a computer" bandwagon for marketing/publicity; it is tiring. At it's worst, it makes future tech assertions look kookish) The main argument as you state it doesn't describe any relation with (nor does it mention) the actual measurements performed. I think it's fine to consider such an argument in it's own right. Where I take issue is the subsequent attempt at validation of the conjecture, with the previously mentioned physical experiment. > "requires a few approximations in order to fit the problem into your computer" I think this is where the source "Are we living in a simulation?" comes from. It's interesting to note that they way a model behaves in a computer, and certain measurements share some similarities (the lattice spacing). But to go from similarities to "we living in a simulation" is just a jump too far. Lets try to keep some clear distinction between science (measurements) and philosophical conjecturing, so that we know when we are doing the former or the latter. In that frame of mind, ok, not it's backwards. But I don't think the test provides grounds for warranting this hypothesis; it does not seem to follow from the test you could deduce the hypothesis. I must admit I feel there is an alternate explanation for results/test. Was the perpetrator of the crime caught and punished? Exactly what kind of things are you expecting to work on that would satify you, if "metrics pipeline, various dashboards, analysis of online experiments" are not examples of "products" and "applications" ? i'm partial to this: http://www.techspot.com/news/52326-watch-this-mind-blowing-w... also this: http://vimeo.com/37536300 um, the whole thing is language agnostic, no? I think Andreas Antonopoulos said in a video that it takes about half a billion dollars to fool the blockchain for 10 minutes. Even though that's a lot, if certain actors (state or otherwise) got interested enough, wouldn't they manipulate the chain at critical moments for their advantage? Well the reference generator is in java, but take a look at the github repo, there is nothing preventing adding an additional generator in the /generators directory. All you really need to do is output the template. I was really hoping "Open in app" would take me to a special hipster Dev stack app. I'm not an Evil expert, but my experience were that the conflicts with existing Emacs keybindings made things more frustrating. As a vim user interested in Emacs I'm trying to avoid Evil and other "90%" vim emulations from now on as well. I have to say I was quite confused seeing the author's name, as Stephen Lavelle is also the name of a great indie game dev, who frequently makes use of puzzles in his games. How are you supplying power to the digispark? Would it be possible to use something like an attiny2313 or even an attiny45, do the job of handling the reed switch data and then delegating the rest of the logic to a central server? I would think you'd get the most power savings that way. boolean blindness http://existentialtype.wordpress.com/2011/03/15/boolean-blin... I love how smiley faces make it easy to spot evil :D I think this is the corrected version import Control.Monad (forM_) import Data.List.Split (splitOn) import Data.List (transpose) import System.IO main :: IO () main = do withFile "tel.csv" ReadMode $ \handle -> do contents do putStrLn cell But what about the "network effect", that necessarily the thing that gets chosen to be scaled up cannot be optimal. TCP is not optimal (there are better protocols), bitcoin is not optional (there are better altcoins), but it's better to build layers of abstraction on this base (i.e. http) than to try to replace them. Try out emacs, but naked: http://bzg.fr/emacs-strip-tease.html (safe for work) does it work with sites on https? However I think books and movies are different from games. Games aren't purely informational; one inhabits them.. it doesn't. History books and games are different enough in this regard. This article explains apple's views on the difference between books, movies, and games. Basically they don't trust games to handle political subjects well. http://venturebeat.com/2013/01/15/apple-want-to-criticize-re... Noo, take this post down - we don't want soulseek to get noticed! There was a post today about making your own keyboard on HN today; I think that qualifies? But otherwise I tend to agree with you, from what I've seen so far. I wonder if they're still going for LISA (> ligo). I guess LIGO wasn't sensitive enough? http://lisa.nasa.gov/ Extension methods aren't so great. Odersky resisted putting them into Scala and they went for implicits instead. Interesting that they succeeded in detecting gravity waves where LIGO failed? I'm excited for PureScript for the property that it compiles to sane javascript. http://purescript.readthedocs.org/en/latest/intro.html#hello... They may "run" on mono, but their performance there is terrible. Taking a line out of DHH's playbook, perhaps it would be better to discuss a concrete code sample. E.g https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7335211 props for using the word metamethodology; I was about to just post this... http://organizationsandmarkets.com/2007/04/07/method-versus-... Oh god, Probabilistic Graphical Models is coming back to haunt me viewing this. Is it still so easy to maintain Clojure code given it's lack of types? (I know about Typed Clojure; it doesn't seem to have won the hearts of all Clojurians) (Or, do you just test the bejezus out of the thing?) Any posts which explain how the referential transparency built into the core libraries helps? My understanding is that Clojure is impure, so a "partially referentially transparent" design is interesting to me. Or are you just referring to the fact that the core data structures are immutable? We need to find a way to smarten more folks up about crypto :( (myself included); Simon Peyton Jones took a stab [sic] at explaining lenses in a down-to-earth way https://skillsmatter.com/skillscasts/4251-lenses-composition... (log in to view) I think monads may be intimidating at first because it involves an unfamiliar abstraction, and all abstractions take some getting used to. The good news is since they aren't complex, once you understand the abstraction, it appears to be very simple in retrospect. http://byorgey.wordpress.com/2009/01/12/abstraction-intuitio... Ruby follows this convention too, I believe; but probably to a lesser extent because it's core types aren't immutable Interesting, I was looking for the seattle story and instead turned up this interesting snippet: http://seattletimes.com/html/nationworld/2021430981_faawarni... "the tiny farming community of Deer Trail, Colo., that would encourage hunters to shoot down drones" "Under the proposed ordinance, Deer Trail would grant hunting permits to shoot drones. The permits would cost $25 each. The town would also encourage drone hunting by awarding $100 to anyone who presents a valid hunting license and identifiable pieces of a drone that has been shot down." Sadly, although the performance of mono is good enough for most things i.e. GUI, it's several factors slower in performance-critical applications. Although I'm excited about F#, the experience in Visual Studio is really great. http://twofactorauth.org/ 1. How does a smart contract learn about a "fact"? In a betting example, say two individuals bet on a football game. How does the algo determine which team won? The wired article on ethereum says "it will determine the winner by looking up the score on the web". This seems like a bug fest waiting to happen. What if the endpoints it wants to query are down? How to avoid people trying to "fool" the algo by hacking the sites it's looking at for the "facts"? 2. How on earth do you intend to store everyone's data in a single blockchain? This is like having every application's database (not even the one's you use yourself) on your computer. *edit - starting to get some responses here: http://www.reddit.com/r/ethereum/comments/21orz7/noob_questi... This is interesting, reading some of the linked documents, my naive generalization is that it pushes the entities into using things like maps and dictionaries instead of static properties. The "system manager" stuff just pulls things out of the maps and feeds them to functions to do work, so it is very much 'data-driven' and I must assume more work is put into "configuration" of the entities, just like a data-driven business process requires "configuration" of the order processing pipeline. http://www.richardlord.net/blog/what-is-an-entity-framework Wonder if this implies you know what you are going to be doing in the future. As said by Sandi Metz, the true value good design is to reduce the risks of future change. I think it is a valid endeavor to study what reduces risk and what increases risk. This doesn't have to be about "design patterns". If by LINQ you mean the map/filter/fold crew, I think this may be selling Haskell a little short. You could say the same about python. At least F#'s computation expressions give you the full power to create your own monads with it's "computation expressions", and in LINQ things are more statically locked down. I guess F# isn't practical if you're building a WPF application (I agree the tooling is lacking). Otherwise it seems like it can do everything C# does (including mutation, classes, interfaces, properties), only with a slightly unfamiliar (at first) syntax. records of fuctions vs typeclasses: In general, you use a class when you want a different type for each different behavior, and there's only one sane behavior choice for each type . exercism.io isn't bad either I like the balanced tone you employ here. Not a fanatic but reasonable about the analysis. 1, 1, 1, 1, 1... Can you verify if this sequence is random or not? Downvotes seem to be as much emotionally driven as anything else. Also, there is the perpetual confusion between "I do not agree" and "This is not constructive" curious if Meta ( https://www.spaceglasses.com/ ) is going to fill this niche. My gaming days are mostly over, but all of the shooter days paled in comparison to playing flight sims (Falcon 4) with a head-tracking mechanism. Unfortunately the simulation crowd isn't exactly like the gaming crowd. This is interesting, reading some of the linked documents, my naive generalization is that it pushes the entities into using things like maps and dictionaries instead of static properties. The "system manager" stuff just pulls things out of the maps and feeds them to functions to do work, so it is very much 'data-driven' and I must assume more work is put into "configuration" of the entities, just like a data-driven business process requires "configuration" of the order processing pipeline. i.e. Can some of the complexity of a 'true' entity component system by simply reduced to favoring dictionaries and maps instead of static properties? managed time sounds a lot like how FRP (Functional Reactive Programming) and even things as simple as Rx (Reactive Extensions) I think even the visitor pattern isn't required here, all you need is subclassing. Although this clutters things up more by having abstract methods in the base class, technically that's all you need. well, inexact vs probabilistic do have some differences. After the comments I've seen from paulp, I'd hardly believe that way Scala did this was optimal, although I'm not sure there were any issues with lexing & parsing Couple of differences from Akka actors I see: 1. Actors are "Virtual" and "Cannot fail" (?) 2. Actors have "typed" interfaces. For a compiled platform, nancy seems pretty slow http://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/ Oh, just folks like Erin Kissane: http://incisive.nu/2014/thinking-about-mozilla/ It depends if lying as such would be "ethical", but of course that too is open to interpretation. Although this not exactly written for the audience of CEO's here's one viewpoint on this: http://michaelochurch.wordpress.com/2014/04/02/the-right-and... "Mob" wasn't to be taken literally. Partly, responding with scarcasm but I guess it didn't come across that way. She has some good commentary on the issue - it's not black and white. Nice to hear from someone using it for a real project and use case. I might consider it next time I get a chance! I thought some scientists hadn't really closed the book on bell's inequality, and though most agree with it there were some gotchas that leave room for doubt as to correctness https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5507848 I agree with everything, though the idea of least cognitive load I think only runs skin deep (syntax). This helpful for small scripts which need to be scanned quickly, but anything non-trivial will already have a significant layer of abstraction which takes time to parse. Lisp people love their macros. Clojure has fancy data structures and control flow. It will take time to understand these things whether its in lisp or sandskrit. This is perhaps a bit trollish but hopefully someone will get some enjoyment out of it. http://tomasp.net/blog/2014/csharp-6-released/ Mark Seemann made a nice tutorial on Pluralsight, which shows how to build an F# web app. The demo isn't using Mono, but I thought it's still relevant if you want to get a feel for what an F# web app might look like. http://pluralsight.com/training/courses/TableOfContents?cour... Perhaps the client would poll a response if everything was truly async? Somewhat reminds me of the text-based menu systems of early graphical mobile phones. The nice thing about this example is that you only need GHC to create the shared library, and then GCC can do the rest with just the .so file produced. OP's point is that the onus is on the library developer to not just use Int. You're treating it like the library developer is a user of another library. The Evolution of a Haskell Programmer http://www.willamette.edu/~fruehr/haskell/evolution.html The actual Java implementation: https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpris... A non-programmer’s solution to “Fizz Buzz” https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4853509 FizzBuzz Still Works http://www.globalnerdy.com/2012/11/15/fizzbuzz-still-works/ FizzBuzz with CSS http://dabblet.com/gist/2628265 Ok, but saying that Free Applicatives are the "default" behavior of library developers is disingenuous. Not a huge problem since you always have access to your credentials in about two clicks from the right-mouse context menu. St. Louis too, although I am Chicago Darknet/Meshnets running blockchain* software s/Google/app stores The problem with theorem provers like Adga and Coq is they are brittle to refactoring and thus hard to make changes to an app. Something seeming small can ripple through the whole system. I hear Idris is more reasonable in this regard and has better general purpose programming properties. source: http://www.johndcook.com/blog/2014/02/10/real-world-haskell/... These are more tactical (i.e. low-level) techniques that big strategies that encapsulate entire languages. Also of note was Leslie Lamport's recent talk on how Amazon uses TLA+ to verify algorithms. While not incorrect, I think the "functional language" designation is overly broad. Worst case, I'd hate for people to get turned off of functional languages because of difficulties understanding a relatively-advanced dependently-typed language such as Idris. IMHO, A language more suitable for introducing functional programming may be Clojure, F#, Scala, or just 'plain' Haskell. This course on pluralsight wasn't half bad and covers a lot of a basics. I knew how clojure felt and behaved, but IMHO you still have to memorize most of the core library, or most code will look confusing. http://pluralsight.com/training/courses/TableOfContents?cour... Yes the cheat sheet is great once you 'have a foot in the door', so to speak. For beginners, getting familiar with namespaces in the REPL quickly is key, if you're trying to load a sample of code froma file. Also another gotcha is multiple arity functions which I haven't seen before (in a dynamically typed language). Any comments about the recent Orleans announcement? There must be differences but also I assume a lot of similarities As you mention there in no state in beehive actors, so that is one difference. http://blogs.msdn.com/b/dotnet/archive/2014/04/02/available-... Pure functional languages have this advantage: all flow of data is made explicit. And this disadvantage: sometimes it is painfully explicit. Of course, you could just pull a Clojure and throw everything into maps. We won't get anywhere without a definition, but I think most would disagree about the Clojure coment. They even assert it on the home page http://clojure.org . It's probably better to think of FP as a continuum rather than black and white. While Idris may be able to eliminate some of the typing constructs in Haskell, I don't think one can say it would be easier to program in than Haskell. The chain of having to assert proofs to the compiler is an extra burden (i.e. refl). Also, saying that a Pure FP language (Idris) is easier than a non-pure language (Scala), for someone without extensive FP backround , is an interesting comment. Part of the intimidation of Haskell is it's purity, and this extends to Idris. Excluding the UI, I wonder if storm is a more robust, if more complex, option to do the same types of things: http://storm.incubator.apache.org/ I wish the agents could language-agnostic though. You could probably get all your data from google as well since it's stored on their servers, without having to upload from your phone I don't know about an API, but there's an export to KML download link https://maps.google.com/locationhistory/b/0/ I've heard a lot about the amazing-ness of type providers, but no-one seems to know how they work aside from saying something betwen they generate types for you, and they generate intellisense for you. I'm sure it all makes sense once you go ahead and play with it, but it looks like I'll have to be watching some videos to grok what is really going on. I think its knowing what's reasonable to expect from them and what's not reasonable i.e. what is static, what is dynamic, if there are artifacts how do they get created, what if the data schema is dirty... some of these questions I can answer myself just playing around with them, but I think I'd have to be comfortable implementing them before being comfortable using them. Thanks! I'll give it a read. http://channel9.msdn.com/Events/Build/2014/3-642 I'm much more optimistic on F# after watching this video series from Mark Seemann on pluralsight. He addresses some of the tooling issues and shows how to build a nice API in F#. http://pluralsight.com/training/courses/TableOfContents?cour... yep, negatives have a "shoulder" at the top of the exposure curve which might be poor quality, but there is still information there. Coversely, extreme underexposure means there is basically no information on the negative[ yep, this post laments the problems when "smart" automation often goes wrong - also touching on automating tasks where people need to pay attention at the same time, such as driving or aviation: https://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20140308200904-1... `ridiculously` might be hyperbole, but the two biggest ones I can think of are computer graphics and machine learning; these of which you can't even sneeze at without getting in linear algebra. Disclaimer: I'm not very experienced with CG, but I think your intuition is correct on CG, for lots of 'boilerplate' game or photoshop programming. However, I do think you can find plenty of examples in academia. For example, applying PCA http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz/~hlavac/TeachPresEn/11ImageProc/15PC... (Perhaps this is just the result of crossover between CG and ML/Statistics here). Not a good sell, but perhaps someone with more experience can chime in. Perhaps Test Driven Design is more about producing a certain kind of design, rather than about guarantees about correctness. Why is that a shame? If that were the case then some poor 9 year old wouldn't be able to get the blinken lights to work without help from the parents. The military-industrial-complex aesthetic doesn't really fit either of those two movies, but I agree there is a hacker's charm going on there. I'm not sure if it will solve the performance issues, but OP should check out PureScript. You know UML coaches? Although "Art as communication" has some truth that some kind of communication must happen, it seems to miss something, as there's lots of communication that isn't art. The issue with function composition in javascript, for me, is that it's difficult to reason that the functions you are composing in fact do have all their types "lining up". I think there was some outfit "loop/recur" that was doing heavily composition-style javascript. They often write the types for function in comments in haskell notation above the actual function definitions. transpilers might be able to assist taking a tail-recursive definition and unrolling it to a more low-level construct in the resulting JS. You would really refuse to even draw a line? Telephone directories, traffic control signals, TCP/IP packets? If truly everything is art, then at that point no one would care. Similar to how Leibniz and other pantheists said God was everywhere, but this meant God had a different denotation that what everyone else thought when they heard the word 'God'. Also, if I create a work that I immediately destroy and not tell anyone about, or give a private performance no one sees, did art not happen? Yes! Grossman hit on many higher concepts in FP and PL in general than Odersky's, and offered compare/contrasting views. Is Scala 3 going to bring in the knowledge from dotty to simplify some of the n x n typing combinations? I can definitely appreciate this line of thought. You might be familiar with the Fluxus movement in art; if not, you might find some of their ideas interesting too - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fluxus I think Lonsdorf needs to check out PureScript https://github.com/purescript/purescript . He's practically writing in a style like it already. Yes he's borrowing the type notation from haskell to make his intentions clear, but of course this is only conceptual, and comments can be wrong - you'd need something like TypeScript to actually get feedback on types. Surely there must be some difference between a co-op and a private company without shareholders (i.e. funding can't be the only difference) Note that these are intermediate level Haskell topics, as intro describes. I don't think it takes any longer to learn Haskell syntax than all of Clojure's reader macros (you will need them and the semantics is not obvious), or Scala's type system which has a lot going on, and I'm not sure about Erlang but I hear grumblings about syntax. There isn't actually that much in the way of actual syntax in Haskell (LYAH is a great place to start, don't just try to eyeball random code snippets), and it becomes preferable after some familiarity. What will take time is learning new concepts, programming purely and learning the tools to manage effects. While I havent used that library, there are plenty of ways to write obfuscated code in Haskell. Some libraries may define their own operators (Scala suffers from this too), which can be impenetrable. Some libraries are better than others. Although, I don't consider defining new operator names part of the syntax of the actual language itself. I guess I'd just hope one doesnt start out jumping in to a complicated library. Its easier to start with more foundational materials. * I can see your point about speed to attain proficiency. I wish I had a good answer for this. I think one has to be careful about performance claims. Of course you can tweak things to be fast in hakell, but to be able to actually program haskell in such a way to, beat other languages in performance, is not a trivial skill. There are numerous stackoverflow and r/haskell posts "Why is my haskell code 10x times slower than language X?" Or observe this set of web framework benchmarks: http://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/ I'm not a game programmer, but the movement around ECS is very interesting to me. I don't think I made a mark against the language itself, or tried to rule it out, or tried to indicate it cannot attain the highest levels of performance - Yes, my point was just that there are programmers using Haskell in a non-optimal way. Beginners seem to be surprised when their Haskell code isn't automatically in the upper level. I'm not really a great fan of benchmarks, or this particular benchmark, but at least the source of every test is available: https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks/blob/mast... https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks/blob/mast... https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks/blob/mast... Warp seems plenty fast, but still didn't seem to do as well as I'd hoped, in this particular example, I wonder if they're doing it wrong. http://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/ https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks/blob/mast... Except the code used in the benchmarks game is hardly idiomatic I reccomend LYAH even to programmers, there are enough things in the language that it makes sense to go slow at first. I think beginners get lost because they try to go too fast at first and get impatient. For example, see below about the guy who tried to do GPU programming early on and got frustrated. The meteor example isn't bad at all, no. Bruce Sterling has been telling this for years, especially in good conference talks. Reminds me of TLA+ but for crypto Shenmue was great, one of the few mind-expanding video games, at least for a westerner It might not be optimal; however I wonder if most of the primary sources this is intended to target (i.e. govt) prefers to use textual data? Also some interesting related projects on https://git-annex.branchable.com/not/ A lot of times one sees results like then when asking open-ended or subjective questions on SO, when SO is intended to be more like a wikipedia or a knowledge store of objective solutions to problems. Joel has spilled much ink on how SO is not a site for free form discussion. Discourse was created for that. Some frustration may occur when one realizes that certain kinds of problems or exploration are best suited to free-form discussion - those discussions need to happen on channels other than SO then. * edit - corrected Discourse attribution. Douglas Crockford seems to think otherwise: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0EF0VTs9Dc It's interesting. There's so much more C# code out there, but I wonder about the lifetime of that code, and when it will be swept under the rug (i.e. if javascript eats the enterprise). Haskell seems to disseminate ideas rather than code. It even disseminated LINQ into C#. Perhaps this makes the lack of volume of production Haskell code less stinging because it has contributed to languages in other ways? There's kind of an upside to this as well, because Haskell isn't entrenched in industry, it's still free to make changes and grow the language (i.e. Applicative becomes superclass of Monad), although this gap may be starting to slowly close with the recent popularity. Will they be able to avoid the same fate that happened to auroracoin? I consider GOOS the most credible authority on how to build a project with TDD methods. It even uses a staticly-typed language, which is interesting because the most vocal adherants of TDD tend to be using dynamically-typed languages. I've read the book, but I'm not such an avid TDD'er myself, mostly because I'd probably be doing it wrong for quite a while before getting it right. It'd be great if other people who've read the book had any insights here on how it related to DHH's opinions. This may be a naive comment, but is DHH simply being defensive about a perceived movement away from Rails i.e. "decoupling from Rails"? * edit - of course, he could be defensive and right, they aren't exclusive Jessica Kerr was discussing property-based testing (i.e. quickcheck, scalacheck) on a podcast recently, and I thought it was interesting she noted that the red-green-refactor cycle didn't make as much sense with property-based testing. It's more "contemplative" - thinking about invariants of your software rather than designing for mocks and various injected components. (although property-based testing is a bit less effective in languages that don't make type information available, to generate the input values) yep! Although it's kind of a weird dynamic going on - the host gets defensive at times, getting a sense these two were grating on each other a little bit. Always enjoy the things Jessica has to say though. Ah, I misunderstood - I thought they were getting their own coin. If it's just bitcoins then it's not an issue. Seems to me that using the functional style it's really important to document the types (done in the article with the //+ lines). Otherwise it will be hard to make the types line up. Also there are functions in javascript which do different things depending on what the type of the argument is (or do different things depending on how many arguments are passed in; those kinds of functions always have irked me), so it would be hard to document exactly what the "type" of those functions are. Isn't React a mostly pure DOM-based framework as well? Part of me thinks that if you're going to pursue this style to it's extreme, you might as well just be better off using something like purescript http://purescript.readthedocs.org/en/latest/intro.html#hello...