I've been waiting for years for somebody to do something like this with emoji. All we'd need is a way to add radicals and a central dictionary. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_nonsense I can see this being useful for police sketch artists. This is called linguistic determinism, or the strong Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, and is not widely accepted. You have to be careful. My cousin and his friends were being rather rude (in Irish) about a woman on a Belgian train, she managed to keep a straight face throughout, before lambasting them before leaving. Ach, ar aon nós, táim an-shásta bheith ag léamh faoi Ghaeilge ar hn. N'fheadar liom cé mhéad atá anseo a bhfuil in ann sí a labhairt. The Irish Republic only existed from 1919 to 1922 :/ And Malta is another EU state with English as an official language. I've watched a couple of programmes on BBC Alba, and understood a good bit. It was somewhat like hearing Dutch as a German speaker, except maybe easier. There has been talk of an "Idir-Ghaeilge" reunified language. The Irish online magazine Nós had a nice article on this recently http://nos.ie/gniomhaiochas/teanga/idir-ghaeilge/ (in Irish). Could become a reality in the unlikely but beautiful event of a post-Brexit Scotland uniting with Ireland in the "Celtic Union". As a quick aside, Google EU is based in Ireland, and under Ireland's data protection legislation you _are_ entitled to data the Google stores (including whatever tracking they're doing that you don't normally have access to). > Under Section 4 of the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003, > you have a right to obtain a copy, clearly explained, of any > information relating to you kept on computer or in a structured > manual filing system or intended for such a system by any entity or organisation When will DeepMind be good enough to detect YouTube perverts? I must have missed that war. Absolutely not. You could (if it's true, at a glance it's not terribly convincing) use this as a probe of curved-space QED (a very difficult field) or as a method to measure of the spin of black holes (currently done by different dark magic which isn't very reliable). The point of school (American school, at least) isnt to learn, its to get a good grade. When the goal is a number, than 'cheating' is simply trying to achieve the goal. Aka Goodhart's Law[0]. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodhart's_law I took a "Computer Algebra" class in undergrad which was taught entirely in Mathematica. It was a lot of work to convert everything (and the instructor would jokingly refer to me as "sage guy") but I got an awful lot out of using Sage instead. What keeps me from using sage nowadays is that I have a great jupyter workflow, and last time I used Sage it was just a worse version of that with better symbolic support. This may not be quite the case, see https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thoburn_v_Sunderland_City_Co... . Could you explain for the benefit of non-americans how Hispanics aren't white? And yet so many people learn int* p; // p is an int pointer instead of int *p; // dereferencing p will give an int I know this is the subject of holy wars, but once I'd seen the second one my eyes were opened and I had way less trouble. I think that declaration follows use is another of example of the amazing design powers of the patriarchs. There's a GNU extension for it. https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Nested-Functions.html But it's not a proper closure, and it's not GC'd, so it's pretty useless. Thanks for caring about gendered language. I used this term because it's used (humorously) in the Unix Koans[0]. But maybe you're reading to far into it, I certainly don't mean to imply their gender had anything to do with C's design, but for better or worse they did happen to be men and were seen by by some as a "father figure" for the language. [0] http://catb.org/esr/writings/unix-koans/zealot.html For windows ten I'm using a combination of babun/WSL and cmder. But I agree that there is no good terminal emulator. It's not terribly surprising though. When those aren't enough I have a "seamless" ubuntu VM running. Combining the mendeley plugin with the automatic .bib generator and LyX means I can cite stuff pretty much as quickly as looking at the page. "10.000" What number is this? Is it ten? Ten thousand? I don't think decimal (thousand) separators are necessary when you can write the number without, use scientific notation or the number in words. But there is an English-speaking standard (comma) and an international standard (thin space). Considering that there are at least five better options I think this usage is perverse. And I was arguing that it is a bad idea to do that in an international forum. If I hadn't seen this comment I would have posted something similar. I can't see why it should be downvoted. "As we say in the Netflix Culture Deck, responsible people thrive on freedom, and are worthy of freedom." But you arbitrarily can't watch stuff in Incognito Mode? Have you tried using cacaview on images? When I'm running scientific code on remote machines I use jupyter tunneled over ssh, but I assume you can't do that. I think the issue is that like any other outfit that holds bitcoin they may just "lose" them and vanish. I think this guy is just wrong, except maybe in saying that `log` is ambiguous and we should be using `log10` and `ln`. Incidentally he uses comma as both a thousand separator and a decimal point in the article. I mean in your assertion that `log` must mean `log10`. I have huge sympathy for contending with inconsistent use of ambiguous notation. My pet hate is `gamma` vs. `tgamma`. Well my anecdatum, as a theoretical physicist, is that people very rarely write `log` or use logarithms is bases other than e. I wish everyone were this level headed and reasonable. Unfortunately jumping to conclusions, especially those that align with your favourite "narrative" seems to be the funnest new way to make your mind up. It could be[0]. It's just not very likely, since you'd have to have very special circumstances, but it's not logically impossible, at least in cosmology. [0] http://abyss.uoregon.edu/~js/cosmo/lectures/lec17.html > The mind is not a physical thing I was with you until here. I'd say you were getting religious if you tried to represent the mind as anything other than an emergent physical phenomenon. > Nobody - absolutely nobody - has the right tell him differently. > People are ignorant and frankly downright... disgusting/pathetic/opinionated Those are some very strong claims. You can be sympathetic without being hyperbolic, or assuming that the reason that other don't share your views is that they're bad people who don't share your perfect reasoning. but are you _my_ lawyer? Disappointing to see Facebook, a company with a huge Irish presence, neglect Irish in the list. There are plenty of minority languages in there, like Breton and Scots. And languages not spoken natively anywhere like Latin, Esperanto, Volapük. Google Translate (with a similar number of languages)supports it fine. Presumably fine. Why would you let infidels into a holy place? While persecuting people for circumstances of their birth is IMHO a moral wrong, adults are free to choose their religion (in "secular" countries like the US at least). The entails a set of beliefs, privileges and responsibilities. Whether or not it's fair, border security in a lot of places is anti-Muslim. It's part of the belief system of border agents and (some) voters. Islam and not-Islam are at odds here, just as they are in Mecca. I especially feel sorry for non-religious "Arab-looking" people who get caught up in this. I suspected it was something like this. Unfortunately the Vicipéid is not of very high quality. I just just hope Facebook doesn't forget which side its bread is buttered on. Because the civets are usually kept in terrible conditions just to make novelty coffee? "There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things, and off-by-one errors." To play devil's advocate, it may be useful to know when the card expires for a merchant who mightn't charge immediately. And maybe it's significant that the cvv is on the back so you couldn't just use a photo. And mixing letters and numbers is scary. But I agree. Maybe the solution is just having lots of entropy and reading it electronically, who really needs to read out card numbers over the phone? I assume you've come across Debug.Trace. That let's you do "printf-style" debugging in Haskell without much fuss. trace ("calling f with x = " ++ show x) (f x) I agree with your sentiment but not your language. Nobody pays "more than they're willing to" in economic terms. They have the choice to not pay rent and be homeless, and the price they pay in rent reflects their desire not to do that. But I'll agree that most people pay more than they'd like, more than is sensible and more than is fair. It's an economic model. If you're starving you'll choose to spend all your money on food and none of it on rent. And you'll choose to buy the cheapest food. Incidentally I don't believe it helps for you to get offended on behalf of the starving. One could say the same about your post. I think if Google can pass for a non-native speaker that's pretty good. Yes. You can use cell magic to change the language for each cell and you can display HTML/latex output inline or just mix computations in with markdown. The only problem is that the editor is just a text box with annoying bracket matching instead of Emacs. That's a strange thing to say. In my experience having friends in Ireland is just like having friends in any other country. The jupyter team are aware of, but not currently fixing, this issue. I use the excellently simple nbstripout as git hook and it silently removes everything but code. What about GHC? > fall outside of the bell curve You know that Gaussian distributions specifically include outliers. Why say "over 280" when you could just say 288? I find it hard to tell the difference between between "just expressions" and things that are just accidentally inaccurate. I hope you'll forgive me saying it sounds like you're having a rough day, and that maybe taking a break might do you some good. Venting on Hacker News might feel better in the short term but I don't think it's good for you or for the discussion. Self-determination and post-colonialism only seem to apply away from home. Madrid has a big influence on this because of Catalonia and Basque country, but there are tons of non-self-governing territories[0] which are swept under the rug, or clung to with claws of "economic uncertainty". It's funny that Scotland lost its (semi-)independence by trying their own hand at colonialism[1]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_list_of_Non-Sel... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darien_scheme > Oddly - European nations that don't use the Euro are generally much better off So is it that countries that took the euro were hurt by it, or that countries with already strong currencies chose not to take the euro? This post seems to have become a victim of "disagreement downvoting". Whether or not it's correct I think it's a well made point, I wish the moderation system worked more for contribution than consensus. Incidentally, the SI unit of fuel efficiency is 1/m^2, the "per-square-metre", not this miles per gallon crap. Unless Facebook has some sentiment analysis tech that's far better than academia's (which isn't that unlikely), "understanding the emotions" of statuses is still a long way off. Maybe my tongue-in-cheekness wasn't clear, sorry. MPG is more pervasive than you might think. Even in metric, European Ireland it's the typical unit, despite speeds being in km/h and fuel being sold by the litre. Since you seem to be interested, let me also add that litres are only accepted by, not part of, the SI. Also the SI spellings are "metre" and "litre". I tend to think that interpretation has a better claim on the basis of its being grassy and wanting wear. That is to say I think there's a nice irony in the fact that I often hear people espouse that (clearly correct) opinion with the implication it is a better interpretation but has fewer subscribers. Just to provide a counterpoint to the two other comments which are disparaging of the parent, I thought this was a great contribution, even if it was written less like a HN comment and more like a philosophy essay. Gnuplot is something i categorise with Fortran and hand writing latex as "I use use it because my advisor used it, and he used it because his advisor used it...". I understand that they were once the best tool for the job and they still work, but better alternatives have emerged since, e.g. matplotlib, C++/numpy and LyX respectively. I know this is a subjective matter but i feel it's a shame that a lot of scientist don't shop around and hence end up stuck with the "classical" option. I have used Fortran in a few instances where I was compelled to. I never gave it much of a chance because I didn't like using it, and what's more it isn't nearly as popular as C/Python/Matlab etc. for modern stuff. If popularity (and hence code sharing) wasn't important I'd be using languages I like, like Haskell and Scheme. All the same your comment makes me think I may have dismissed it too quickly so I'm going to give it another try for my next toy project (even if they index arrays from 1). Thank you. So you shopped around and stuck with the thing you like. That's great and nobody could argue with it. In my own department grad students and even wizened old professors are moving away from gnuplot and matlab to matplotlib, but I bet that having "experts" around is a more important factor than anything else. Unless you're implying that Ayn Rand is God (I wouldn't be surprised on HN) I read the upper example as using parenthetical commas, with the result that they parse to the same ambiguity. I quoted it because, for example, within a small group, I would be the go-to person for "I need software that does X" or "I hate Y, what can I use instead?". I'm by no means an expert in, say, matplotlib, but I have local influence by means of my relative, perceived expertise. You make a great point. The only thing that I'd add is that a lot of the Fortran code that I'd rely on (large venerable linear algebra and ODE packages) were written a long time ago, when it would have been somewhat less unfashionable. I had a similar objection reading the article. If you take a look at [0] they go into a bit more detail. Briefly, you can distribute your decrypt function over the additions and multiplications by homomorphism and then bound the error, then you can judiciously choose your weighting to compensate. [0] https://courses.csail.mit.edu/6.857/2015/files/yu-lai-payor.... I feel like Linus (and others) have earned the right to be assholes on the mailing lists. He's demonstrated good judgement and made huge contributions, if he doesn't feel the need to be nice i don't think he should have to. So by analogy with btrfs "butterface" I suppose we're supposed to pronounce this "book-a-chefs"? Has anyone ever looked at making a more "mainstream" fork? It feels like there's a lot of cool technology in TempleOS, in amongst the less cool stuff. Last commit was half an hour ago. Apart from the notice it seems to be relatively active. They've added networking, a package manager and a unix-like shell. That's really cool. You could put it in a container and use it as an emacs alternative. He seems to stream himself a lot recently (he's even on now - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEwmiplwGLI ). He just browses the internet and he sent some viewers money. It's pretty surreal. I agree with your content, but not your tone. I'd like to add that one often hears "round brackets" as an unambiguous terms for the first category. And where's love for angle brackets ? This is a discussion website. Being vindictive isn't helpful, but niether is criticism inherently bad. An awful lot of the good content here is experts being critical of new ideas. I wonder if it would be ok for the IRS to charge for this service. Maybe then it would be justifiable to the Republicans who oppose on the basis that it would make raising takes easier. This is an excellent read, even if you're familiar with most of the material. I remember doing this with pen and paper ages ago when I read the book. Somehow it clicked with me a lot better than my Abstract Algebra lectures. Then why not compress really efficiently by just transmitting packet sizes? Do you think that inventors will ransom their genius? And if they can't get super rich then they'll just sit on their hands? The root of an awful lot of the problems charities try to address is that people are poor. They aren't poor because of Elon Musk, but there's a good argument to be made that if it weren't for capitalism (now, not historically) we could have developed nations where there were no poor. For anyone wondering what Idris is, it's pretty much Haskell with dependent types. That is, it's easy to encode thing like "vector of length n" in the type system, so you can go from concat :: Vec -> Vec -> Vec to concat : Vec n -> Vec m -> Vec (n+m). So many early-career researchers (myself included) bemoan this system and it pushes many of the away from academia and towards fields where you aren't constantly playing tricks (fake co-authorship, salami publishing, over-hyping conclusions) to get ahead in a game where everyone's striving for a tiny number of badly paid jobs. Immigrants in the UK (right to remain, not just permanent resident) can travel freely in the EU (and CTA without even a passport). They do mention this in the book, but it does take artistic license with some of the history. Use nbstripout[0] as a git filter. Then you have seamless git control of notebooks. There's talk of automatically saving code only separate versions in future releases. [0] https://github.com/kynan/nbstripout I gave the game a try and it's pretty fun seeing the details of how the figure out what to do. If the orc models were less ugly and the controls were better and it didn't crash so much I'd even pay money for it. Thanks. Off-by-one errors? That's not what's in the article. The object falling into the black hole might emit a lot of light, but black holes can't emit from within, and Hawking radiation is very weak. Who keeps changing the titles on HN threads? This is about the Dzhanibekov Effect (as the title used to say), not space stations! But I am a physicist, who works in this field. I know people in the article personally. You can't become an expert by watching documentaries, even though they thrive on making people feel like that. It's my personal opinion that popular science articles on new research (like this one), are ultimately unhelpful and are just an excuse for us to get funding. All that said it's great to see people interested in high-energy astro. If you wanted to know more I'd recommend Longair[0], even though it would be tough going for a non-scientist. [0] https://www.amazon.com/High-Energy-Astrophysics-Malcolm-Long... Stars are bright, we can see black holes that stars fall into because they interact with the star. Black holes all by themselves (almost) do not emit light and we observe them by seeing how they interact with light from further away objects. Jets are more complicated and have some open questions, but the conclusion is unchanged, if you really care then read the book. But if you want to think you know better then you can do that too. There's no royal road. I think you know that rugby is played and known worldwide (even in the US), and that football refers to the fact that the players are on foot and in fact rugby, soccer and American football all share a common ancestor. Astronomers are, for the most part, terrible programmers. This is true of the general population too, but unfortunately almost every astronomer has to actually write programs. Python and co. are probably more of a help than a hindrance as it replaces things like old-school Fortran, IDL, gnuplot and Matlab. Clever groups are starting to wise up to this and have dedicated programmers supporting astronomers, rather than assuming that the computer is just a glorified calculator that everyone needs to be able to use. For the record I am a numerical astrophysicist and I read and write plenty of bad code every day. I think if anything's going to save us from a generalised AI takeover it's this. Even if encrypting the world doesn't stop them it'll make computation too slow for world domination. so maybe a rich woman? I'm glad at least one person got it. "the wallet's balance must be charged in the desired currency" I wonder if this was written by someone from Central Europe. This use of the word charge is no good in English because it's a heteronym - it can mean to add money or take it! This is an excerpt from a book. And it's not that the author dislikes having to use Facebook, but rather it's complex and nefarious interaction with society and the behaviours of its many willing users that is being decried. I'm all for grumbling, but I think a more specific directed kind of grumbling is appropriate for these comments. I don't think that's strictly true. For example many mobile ISPs here meter data differently depending on whether it's from their fav websites (Facebook, Snapchat, Netflix etc.) or from the lame weird web where nerds go. Unless you split the value so that BTC = BTCa + BTCb, there will be a change in the amount of "money" that exists, without any change in the amount of "value". When Bitcoin Cash came along the price of one of that plus a Bitcoin Vanilla was more than the price of a pre-split BTC, so everyone "made money". "quotes" indicate that you may argue that this isn't real. My thinkpad battery holds 5e23 eV of energy. I think you (and many valiant others) are fighting a losing battle here. God forbid HN should allow a quote style, that'd be so bloaty. Maybe that sort of contrition works in relationship arguments or parole hearings, but I hardly find it appropriate here. "At around 07:00 BST on Friday morning, our transaction database began to malfunction. Naturally, we followed procedure and switched to a backup server. Unfortunately, the backup server began to drastically slow down and was struggling to process live transactions." That is very vague and sounds like a euphemism for "we don't know who changed the config file but it broke production and so we had somebody spin up a new instance on their laptop". I any case I was in a foreign country when my card (and those of my travelling companions) stopped working without warning or explanation. I don't want him to be sorry, I want a rationale for why I shouldn't switch to an equivalent competitor like Monzo (on the assumption they have better reliability). A mutual friend? Of you and who else? For those wondering like me, SWO is surface warfare officer (someone who manages shipboard systems) and IGRC is the Iranian navy. Maybe a whole book is overkill. When I'm checking out a new language I like to see a couple of short, accessible examples to get a feel for the language. Like this clock[0]: Time now asValueHolder in: [ :clock | [ [ 1 second asDelay wait. clock value: Time now ] repeat ] fork. clock inspect ] [0] https://medium.com/concerning-pharo/elegant-pharo-code-bb590... > It may not be legally wrong, but it sure is morally wrong. Ah now. Governments don't just use taxes to raise revenue, but also for incentives. If they tax moving cash abroad to help with the balance of payments and you restructure your company to avoid doing this then everyone is happy. It doesn't excuse manipulating the government to make favourable tax laws however. Not that they're universally defined, but I think the Tories would be left-of-centre in the US context even though they're considered right-wrong in the UK. So you don't know any quantum, but you know the right way to learn it? There is no royal road to physics, there is no way to learn quantum without mathematics, it is a mathematical model of reality. I appreciate that you don't want to learn Linear Algebra and Hilbert Space calculus when you could be learning quantum, but the two are inseparable. Unless you want to ready about spooky action and crazy dead cats and feel like you understand. As someone else mentioned Road to Reality doesn't have a lot of symbols and equations, but it's a really tough book and you'd be better of with an undergrad QM textbook like Griffiths, Mandl or Dirac. What are you implying? That the fact that Buddhism exists means mindfulness is an effective way of dealing with stress and pain? You could say the same of alcohol or Christianity or depression. Haskell has this with `Maybe`, although you could write the Bool instance yourself pretty easily if you liked. Forgive me if I'm missing something subtle, but aren't the first two examples Useless Use Of Cat? Bear in mind that Israel is still a member and hasn't announced any intention to leave. Cantor showed that these sets have the same cardinality. You can represent a complex (in the form of two reals) by interleaving digits or using a space-filling curve for example. I'm claiming a "pairing function" between single reals and pairs of reals. They have respective cardinalities 2^N0 and 2*2^N0=2^N0 where N0 Do you mean An Bord Báistí? This is a fantastic idea. Graduate students have to compete for so little funding (or even just unfunded slots) that the wage and conditions are at a bare minimum. Just a shot at those sweet professor jobs (whether or not they exist) or just adding to the world's knowledge send to be so desirable that people will work ridiculous hours with no benefits for pitiful pay. But why should the grads compete with each other? What's next should be academia uniting to distribute funding internally, rather than stock with the farcical lotteries that are grant proposals. Knowing what projects "deserve" funding before they're funded is a harder problem than any funding body would like to admit. I'm not proposing all available money is divided up equally, in saying that the application should be done in an efficient way by a union of academics. What's your point? By the way, there are some very old forests still in Europe, I don't know if it makes them any better than ones that are only a hundred years old. Some of the greatest sportspeople of our generation are not golfers. double foo; compute(foo); That's not even a crash, just silent garbage. I don't know how you expect to do better with an uninitialised variable (except ints that default to 0). foo dereferences to an int, but what could you hope to happen if you never gave it some memory to point to? Then again, if someone came up with a new One True Notation, I can imagine someone producing a translator (like Google's augmented reality one) that takes pictures of historical scores and gives them back in the new style. Leaving the text the way it is? Starting with your "Passions" felt really offputting and weird. I don't think that that list is stuff you are genuinely "passionate" about. That said I, I don't hire people, maybe it's effective. > A puppet state is a metaphor of a state that is supposedly independent but is in fact dependent upon an outside power. It is nominally sovereign but effectively controlled by a foreign or otherwise alien power, for reasons such as financial interests. Please tell us which European countries are US puppets. That's about as reasonable as saying the US is a Canadian puppet because of their troops stationed at NORAD. Do you really consider Poland a puppet because of the 112 US troops there [0]? I hope this is a troll. [0] https://www.dmdc.osd.mil/appj/dwp/rest/download?fileName=DMD... You make an excellent, if cynical, point. pecunia non olet Have you got any products to trick people into liking your product? Your comments in this thread seem to be having the opposite effect. You seem to be overly fond of data structures! ("Cue", rather than "queue") https://www.blakemorgan.co.uk/news-events/news/brief-guide-t... But Facebook operates in Europe with photos of EU citizens. So regardless of where the photographer is from, the photographee should be able to assert that right. Maybe it's your phone? Apart from being libelous to deny that a student had received an education, they should still be able to demonstrate knowledge, provide a graduation photo etc. Cult of freedom? You mean libertarianism? Schweinefleisch Would they have reacted similarly if she brought a big teddy bear? Or an alarm clock that didn't go off? Is map-reduce really less simple than a for-loop? I agree with your other examples, but I see these too things as totally equivalent (unless you're in a language that make a dog's dinner of this type of thing, like old C++). Can anyone sell me on why I should use clojure over say, any of the other nice Lisp-1s, given that I don't care about java. Some people probably like it. They've had a good experience with it, that they'd like to pass along. I feel this way about several thing and will happily evangelise to someone who seems willing. I was inviting others to do that . Several of them have responded as I expected and provided lots of interesting information. Since I achieved my aim and stimulated some useful and on-topic discussion, yes, this is what I want my interactions on this site to be. Thanks for asking. Not when I can avoid it ;) My real work is HPC, but I'm looking at this from a hobby perspective. > Your browser does not support webMIDI. Install Chrome. I think maybe my life will be better if I keep using firefox and don't use whatever this is. Not GP, but I initially though Q# was some sort of CLI (another great name there) version of Q, in the same sense that C# (like C++) signifies some sort of augmented version of C. But the problem is that pandering is silly and not effective (whether or not it's offensive to anyone is neither here nor there). People didn't like this comment, but I think it's fair enough, at least from a capitalist perspective. The company is doing what it's supposed to do and the system is working as it should. (This is one of the reasons why I oppose capitalism) > People are being told to be weary when using their browsers Freudian typo. In Helsinki Uber drivers ask you to sit in the front because they don't want to get stopped for operating an illegal taxi. I hope you aren't implying that the Democratic party is any different. I love protecting my life by shooting people. I don't think any society that didn't allow that could be considered free. Modeling of fish population dynamics is way more complicated than this. Increasing food availability can decrease population, for example. But i assume you're ok with upcasting an int to a double. That is, unless you make the Haskell Prelude. There is a real and useful sense in which booleans are a subtype of integers and i think its not unreasonable to automatically cast between them. Can't say if it's a good idea or not though. I'd love to hear of a case where anyone has actually computed a Goedel number. We very often do arithmetic on booleans, the a canonical homomorphism (Iverson bracket) with 1 ~ True and 0 ~ False where && and || are multiplication and addition. But I guess you knew that. It's almost as is if things just tend towards crappiness as "fitness" outcompetes "goodness" [0]. [0] http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/30/meditations-on-moloch/ Classical searches are O(N). Grover's (quantum) algorithm can perform such searches in O(N^(1/2)) and is optimal, so what you're talking about can't be faster than that (without nonlocal variables or some nonsense like that). The irony being that worse medicine should lead to more funerals, and hence better medicine. "Verbing weirds language." But what about Fukushima!? It was a nuclear disaster where nobody died from radiation and an old reactor coped well with bad luck and a natural disaster. Surely that justifies relying on coal and building some token windmills. In case anyone feels like listening to this masterpiece: https://soundcloud.com/mikekraze/bach-switched-on-full-album Is everything you think you know about headlines wrong? Is depression caused primarily by clickbait? I wonder if there should be a court that decides what is ethical and what isn't (according to the prevailing view of the society) as opposed to the current system where all you can do is try to right wrongs or punish actual harms to society. What about "crash"? I was going to comment that I think the question referred to what course of action /Apple/ should take, but maybe fundamentally changing superstates is not off the table when you have multinational megacorp resources. > failed NSA launch I didn't hear about that one In Ireland people would traditionally have had breakfast, then dinner, then tea as the three meals. Now that only happens in the country or on Sundays. I think this is overly snippy. GP just seemed to imply that the words cone from India, not that India has a single language. Also as far as i can tell "cha" is far more common than "char" in the British Isles. I think all three of you raise good points and am delighted to see such a thoughtful and civil conversation on hn. There's a kind of "irresponsible" utilitarianism that says that we should try to minimise suffering, regardless of the cause. In such a framework i think it's fair to point out that there lion's share of lobster suffering occurs elsewhere. Maybe it's because i don't have a "full range of emotion" but I don't believe there are any absolute moral truths, let alone obvious ones. I think it's very dangerous to assume others don't put the save care and effort into living their lives as well as they can, and if they have come up with a different way of doing that (popular or otherwise) that's it's because they're defective or stupid. I don't necessarily agree with the point your arguing against, but it's not wrong on its face. Amazon has a huge base in Ireland, but there's no amazon.ie Just because plebs can't understand triples doesnt mean they should have the right to seem (and potentially show them to someone who does). It might even get people to learn or write software to make sense of whatever data structure. In any case it shouldn't be up to the data borrower. This strongly depends on what field you are in and can vary even between minor sub-disciplines. Also that statement is frequently meaningless and authors get added for politics target than contribution. If you owned more than half of all Bitcoin mining capacity, it would seem counterproductive to destroy it. The conclusion about the UV diffuser isn't quite right. It clearly preferentially attenuates around 365nm for example. Good article and solid conclusion though. I find doing that to my laptop makes typing more difficult. I understood the purpose to be identifying "immersive" (emacs-like) programs that sick you in and trigger a mental context-switch, versus vim-like transient tools that you pick up and put down as you need them, all without leaving the mental "place" you're in. He then argues that this effect is significant and wonders how we can get less immersive software. And which Person would be Identified by such a Number? Are you trying to get at the fact that while this is supposed to be empowering to women, it necessarily implies that there are material differences between men and women in how they interact socially? Following this line do we conclude that it is morally inconsistent (with modern "totally equal" egalitarianism) or that it espouses a less popular "equal worth, but not equal treatment" ethic? Or maybe this is just a way to bootstrap communities with less maleness baked-in but that can eventually accept men once their cultural norms are established? It's nonsense about letting people claim they thought you were their lawyer. Like the myth about cops not being allowed to lie about being cops. I am a lawyer, this is legal advice and you are now my client When robots start writing those articles for them, e.g. [0]. [0] https://digiday.com/media/washington-posts-robot-reporter-pu... But what about the effect of removing criminals from society? Or the perceived harshness in the eyes of the public ("he only got a three week sentence!")? The converse is also true. Works on my ff 58.0b16 win10 64bit You don't need it for WSL, wWine can already run on Windows natively: http://www.kegel.com/wine/wow.html I wish it were as easy/well-documented to code for the GA chip. I've been interested in one for ages, but never been able to get colorforth working or any of the half-written emulators. Having GA-144 in the style of TIS-100 would be fantastic. After trying every product I could get my hands on, I'm currently using Riot/Matrix for this purpose. All the same I'm still not really satisfied with latency/quality/reliability. Why is this not a solved problem? We've had videoconferencing since at least 1968[0]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mother_of_All_Demos As a long time vim user, could I persuade you to try spacemacs in evil mode? I always liked the idea of the superior emacs ecosystem, but couldn't leave the brilliant vim command language. I found that this gives a good balance. It may not work for everything, but spacemacs includes packages with evil bindings for the common modes and i use vim style org commands without hassle. Years ago I was younger too! Anyway monopoly makes people of all ages and different sorts want to cry. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volksempf%C3%A4nger To me it seems that having gendarmes with big guns wandering around is very third world and the civilised thing to do is have unarmed police like in Ireland. Our police are mildly corrupt, but at least they don't shoot people. I would have called it a shady trapezoid. As if "core values" meant anything for colossal organisations. I think it'd probably be safer putting a _lower_ limit on the age for your undressing app. I think this is the answer. But then who's going to maintain a worldwide database of all the hashes of all the photos and videos made, and who would we trust to do it? You make a great point. If like to add that asserting that politicisation of the past muddying the waters for us now is certainly a Conflictian issue. I am a big fan of SSC and usually agree with the articles, but found myself leaning towards the Mistakean position a bit less than half of the time. Hopefully this signals a new direction in understanding why society doesn't get on and if/how we can fix it. I think we're going in a circle here because of a Russell-type problem. If you want to change the meta-rules to prevent the powerful using conflict to benefit themselves then great. The problem is that the rules are set within the system itself, therefore by the same elites. The conflict position works precisely because of this. You might even say this was anticipated by Plato's two-tier system of government. I prefer the term "rusticate". > Available starting 2.9 What the hell is this? After some thinking I realised it must be a date, 2018-02-09, but this is not clear. Do they think it looks cool or something? Nor did they appear for me in Firefox 59. I've gotten into the habit of ignoring things that don't load since I assume they're blocked for a good reason by my browser. A quick note is that megacorps get some credibility from having high production value. This video isn't as polished, and (unjustly) doesn't look as legit. For the record, "Bank of English" is a corpus of English texts [0]. I'm sure you wrote "Bank of England" and then were autoincorrected. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank_of_English A torte is a kind of cake. I think you may mean "tort". It absolutely does have a constitution. It's just not explicitly written down. https://www.bl.uk/magna-carta/articles/britains-unwritten-co... That's not an emoji. Otherwise I think these are oddly a good idea. I used to make frequent use of unicodesnowmanforyou.com to get my ️snowman emojis (I'd add one but hn does not permit). Would hardly be able to justify the domain registration expense though. I can see why you'd say that, but in terms of usage you'll give yourself at odds with the uk parliament and legal system. [0] In fact the uk constitution predates most of the neat written ones. [0] www.ucl.ac.uk/constitution-unit/whatis/uk-constitution Maybe their purpose isn't too be efficient. If everyone automatically got all the benefits they were entitled to it works surely be a lot more expensive. I think this is an excellent idea. Once a company grows beyond a certain market share/ market cap it gets split down the middle. Thus kind of happened in an ad-hoc way before, e.g. Bell. The only trouble is these mega companies have lots of clout and a strong self preservation instinct. Prepaid mastercards solve all of these problems. At the end they mention the yoctoparsec library which abstracts away the String to a free stream type. type Parser b t a = FreeT ((->) t) b a I'd like to see someone make a rhyme out of that . "I rather be politically correct (which actually means polite and respectful" I didn't see your comment as being very respectful of GP, but quite uncharitable and accusatory. I think that there concept of immigration has many complex facets upon which reasonable people may strongly differ, and that it does nobody any good to be branded a "hater" and disregarded, especially when they offer an opinion in good faith. In fairness he had lots of runs of DK and Pac-Man that were very good and indisputable cheating-wise. That link didn't work for me. I bet it's because I'm not in the US. Anyway the net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it[0], here's a link that should work anywhere: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-RgSvWJOos [0] https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/John_Gilmore icc is awkward to work with, but crazy fast for the type of code that I write. It seems to optimise much more aggressively than clang or gcc. Pity it's not open source. > Lobby for law changes if you don't like the law. Then you'll have two problems! I think it's absurd for a private citizen to try to change a law by lobbying. This is the work of Tom7, well known for other projects like Learnfun & Playfun, ARST ARSW and running a marathon in hockey skates. A simple search would find several of these. It's a great question, but slightly subtle. If you already know the Lagrangian (-1/4 F^{\mu\nu} F_{\mu\nu}) all you need is Noether's theorem. If you want to come up with the Lagrangian you can do so by trying to find an expression with local gauge symmetry (the A field is invariant under addition of the four-grad of a scalar field). I'm afraid I don't have a good reference off the top of my head, but it's not difficult. Yes! The symmetries dictate the physics, gauge and otherwise. Unfortunately there isn't a nice way to see that without a ton of field theory background. Neural network balances pole while programmers mumble something vague about C. Elegans. Non-story. I (relatively) happily use the Facebook Lite app in Ireland where I got it from Play Store. I'm not sure we're emerging from anything. An artistic work that came from thin air? That didn't derive partially from the society in which it was created or take inspiration from preceding works? I don't think such a thing exists. I wonder if someone can write a script so that the submission form can automatically block titles like "The Weird Old Foo You Won't Believe is Bar!". I like daggers as much as the next guy (do you know the code for double dagger when you need a second one). However plenty of publications mix footnote citations and footnote comments in the same style without any confusion or aesthetic issues. Is there a good reason (other than coolness) to use dagger? I think this would be a fantastic usecase for Scratch, since it is so much more accessible to kids and a good gateway to all-text stuff. A couple of years ago I would have written this kind of thing off as anti-M$ shilling, but the passive-aggressive authoritarianism if 10 had changed my mind. How has computing gotten so bad that most general purpose machines have an actively harmful, much hated OS forced onto them? Where would you suggest? I use spacemacs, which has the equivalent M-x insert-char. You can certainly export the data from 23andme (for yourself) but I couldn't see the code used in the paper. Hydrogen can't be a fuel until we find a load of it underground. Until then we spend more energy making it, so it's only as good as a battery. I started writing a program that transformed J source to numpy. For just the basic verbs it was surprisingly easy. I think this is because arrays are arrays and we only have one way to think about linear algebra. You can certainly write variadic functions in haskell. The type looks funky and nobody will like you for it though. Not only that, but such any "evidence" acquired by this route would surely be inadmissible. You aren't allowed to break the law just because you think someone else might have done it first. They must have backtraced it. IP addresses ending in a 5 are chromes. Using code blocks as block c What's wrong with that? I always thought that a user's votes should be normalised by something sensible, like total number of votes or time spent online (with sensible scaling). That way opinionated clickers don't have outsize influence. People like discussing things on hn because the quality of discourse tends to be (relatively) very high. Naturally people would especially want to discuss politics or anything else that's almost universally a shitshow in a place where they thing commenters are thoughtful and fair and level-headed. Of course it could well be the case that we have such an environment here _because_ debating politics is discouraged. I'm on android Firefox at the moment and I can confirm that it becomes problematic after about thirty characters. That's what I meant by my previous post. If we can bank online, why can't we vote online? In the clever separation of powers that most modern states have it seems like the part that determines voting procedures and election boundaries should also be separated. Otherwise the incumbents are incentived to maintain the status quo! I did. I didn't learn very much, as someone who has a casual interest in electronic voting. I think that pretty much everything he said was "this could never work because people would do it wrong". It's an important consideration, but I don't find it an ultimately convincing argument. I think that we can certainly construct an apparatus of trust based on existing ones (like banking and encrypted messaging) that would be sufficient. I assume that's part of your PHD thesis. Without having the time to read it in detail I admit that you've probably spent a lot more time than most here thinking about this and rather than try to repeat your many strong criticisms of purely electronic voting I'd encourage anyone else interested to read it too. Perhaps you can enlighten me on this point: > "Voting machines aren’t supposed to record video or keep any record that associates you with your votes, because your ballot is supposed to be secret" Is this definitely impossible even allowing for (possibly impractical) secret-sharing schemes where you provide enough information to prove you're a valid voter and to check afterwards that your vote was counted, without giving away to anyone else how you voted? That's a bit dismissive. Goedel was correct about making the US a dictatorship. The fact that the amending clause allows unlimited amendment (particularly of the amending clause itself) means a series of malicious amendments could irrevocably change the constitution to that of a dictatorship and forbid returning to a democracy. Now maybe people would just give up on the constitution at that point, but in terms of the overall legal system he's dead right. [edit: for more information please see: https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2010183 ] One solution would be journalistic outlets that don't discard news stories after a day or two. Imagine news stories had a "follow up after a month" button! But it seems like "Even Though X Promised To Do Y By Now, They Still Haven't" isn't the right kind of headline. I don't know how news websites choose what stories to write and feature, but it seems absurd and getting worse. BBC in particular seems to be picking content with a strategy that has vanishingly little to do with what's of geopolitical importance or cultural interest. Furthermore, there's no way that would be allowed in the EU. All the same I can see airlines trying to justify it on the basis of assessing risk. A kickstarter type model? Indie-journo? > I will be diligent and take pride in my work. YMMV, but this doesn't sound good to me. Outside the US especially, pride is not necessarily seen as a good thing. I work hard and and try to produce the best work I can, and to be pleased with it afterwards. All the same I'd hate to be accused of pride. (I recognise that there's more than one interpretation of the word, and that e.g. Wikipedia [0] distinguishes between good and bad pride. I mean here that having done good work, owning nice things, or living in a nice place doesn't make me a better person than anyone else. I think self-worth is better found in other things, but reasonable people will certainly differ.) [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pride I'd like to just add a shoutout for the word "convolve" as the verb referring to this particular action of convolution. Do you need computer vision to tell a have is running? Do you need an app to prevent you paying games? Did you start a for-profit tech company just to "help" people? It's the same in Ireland (inexplicably, Amazon employs tons of people here). The solution is that several businesses have popped up to reship things from the UK. There's no legal reason you couldn't. One nice thing is that when I buy from Amazon I can compare all the EU Amazon sites for price and get the cheapest. Exactly, vim is better than emacs, and I've always known this. It wasnt until recently that i found out emacs is a better vim than vim. Spacemacs really is a masterpiece. You only have to convince five! And you're right, that doesn't seem too difficult. Getting the supreme court to unanimously agree on something would be a miracle. I would really like to see someone come up with a standard English, like the Academie Francaise or the Caighdeán have for their respective languages. I'm not a prescriptivist, but i think having a canonical standard people can choose to adhere to is always a good thing. For what it's worth, in my experience "whom" is fine to use for indirect objects (a la dative) but not direct. But having these distinctions doesn't do a whole lot for clarity, as the move away from proper case distinction in modern German shows. "Sailing to /dev/null That is no future for mediocre coder. The hacker is one another's arm. Codes in the editors. Those dying generations - at their song." That's what the project page says. Anyone know what it means? This article irritatingly mixes up the ß (eszett, or ss ligature), the italic version of the same ligature and the greek letter beta (or it's math-unicode alternative). [edit: Originally I falsely accused the author of doing this, but the equation was actually originally written in terms of eszett. This is silly.] Also I imagine if everyone started blocking real retweets like this people would just go back to the oldskool copy-paste method. What do you mean "nο"? The mix up here is that the equation given uses a symbol which is visually similar to a different symbol, in a confusing manner. In all my experience I don't think I've ever seen someone use ß (not beta) as a variable name, whereas it would be totally idiomatic to use beta there. There's no rule against it, but it looks like a mistake, or deliberate confusion. Did you notice that the word "no" in the first line used a lowercase omicron? I checked the source [0] and that does indeed use ß, so I was wrong to blame the author of the piece. I now blame Jonah Peretti. [0] https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/1158576/pages/uf-... See also: cost disease[0], the reason why tv repairmen and similar naturally become unaffordable over time, relative to new tvs. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baumol%27s_cost_disease Who gets to define what is right? Indeed this is the right question to be asking. I think moral relativism has a lot to offer here. As SSC put it, you have to think about whether people with different moral aims than you are just not clever enough to see you're right, or know they're wrong but hope to profit (mistake vs. conflict). Too rarely does anyone consider that from where the other party stands, things might look different. You can have two good-faith actors with good (but not totally overlapping) information take up totally opposed positions because they don't see the same thing as being "right". Oh great, now every lazy developer is going to write their app on top of emacs and distribute a crappy Emactron version that uses almost eight megs of RAM. But seriously, how hard would it be for a sneaky dev to make emacs with emacs-slack into a normal person application with clicky buttons and no ugly gnu? Could be worth a lot of money, or at least github stars. Does anyone know of service that lets you send in such a design and get the result posted back like exists for laser cutting or PCBs? Nice! My grandma studied mathematics under Eamonn De Valera, the American who liberated Ireland. Maybe assigning a "fault" is a bad way to model this. GP was trying to give advice that you can take or leave, but in their estimation you could have had a better outcome by following the advice. Do you deserve it if you might have been able to stop it but didn't try? I'd say such a "deserving" isn't a useful concept in this instance. I try to just think about making a judgement on what action will turn out best, and not prevent myself doing so because of what it might "mean". Is that comment addressed to me? I don't think I've blamed anyone for anything, and furthermore I don't see how you could think so. Why would I want to? In the hopes of getting back on topic, I think that the more isolating society gets, the more unpleasant that people are comfortable with being to one another, and that produces a negative feedback loop. We've all seen it in online discussion, but I think there's definitely a meatspace analogue. Afghanistan also borders China, and the time jumps three and a half hours at the border. In other news, pumping the value of bandwagoning shitcoins is at an all time high. Your idea is interesting, but there are plenty of justifications given for governments setting positive inflation targets. Assuming they can control e.g. public sector wages and export competitiveness by another means, how do you prevent people being disincentived to spend or borrow money? Why would you want parity? And your have to force women into fields they don't want in order to get it, just so you can balance your little scale. Whether or not someone is female isn't a particularly interesting aspect of their personality of software development skill. If your company has way below or above the industry average then there's pribably some unfair bias going on, but having women (or any other categorisation du jour) just to tick a box is absurd. The title is meant to be provocative clickbait. Most women I know will have the ability to choose jobs without being put off by "messaging" just as well as anyone else. Nice to see that instead of a free license they've opted for a bullshit made-up one where they want you to cite their papers. Looks like the project could do with some help making self-contained Linux and OSX packages. Is there a good multi-distro way to do that yet? Ideally one that allows self-modification. This and your other comments read like ads. I don't mean to say that you're not being genuine, but when I (and presumably others) read a thread like this and see overly-enthusiastic reviews it raises a degree of skepticism. I wouldn't like to criticise you, especially since you just seem to be trying to inform others about a product you're pleased with, but i think there's a general problem on hn with comments above a certain threshold of complimentariness. Some are obvious shills, but there's a big grey area where it's harder to tell. Sure. If you look at the main page they go to trouble to explain that you can't separate the executable from its special folder on any of the three platforms. Especially on Mac that's unusual. Yes. I'm in favour of safer drivers, robot or human. GNU Hurd I wish there was one good messenger. Signal can't be it, because not federated, uses phone number. Riot can't be it because network effects. Google and facebook are abominable. WhatsApp and telegram are worse versions of signal. Who will save us from this efficient market competition? (a previous version of this comment incorrectly claimed signal was closed-source) If you suggested Nebraska was independent, nobody would flip out, because it's nonsense. Unfortunately large industrial empires need space and resources and so it's necessary to expand beyond what might be the "real" border of your country. But who's to complain? Everyone likes the Dali Lama, but capitalism doesn't allow you to choose karma over cash. Just having a GitHub doesn't make you open-source. All the same it looks like I was wrong, and they are open now. They previously required clsed-source components for voice and video afaik. > Tibet has huge reserves of copper, lithium, gold and silver. Most of it has never been touched, because the Tibetans didn't mine the land: it's against their religious practices to disturb the ground. But China has begun mining on an enormous scale. from https://www.pri.org/stories/2014-11-24/new-book-documents-ch... I love Riot, and I''d be delighted for it to become popular. I'd also be shocked. They don't have the media-savvy or corporate power I suppose. I agree with you completely. As I mentioned in a cousin-comment, I think Riot is probably missing non-technical aspects that it takes to go mainstream. I'd love to be shown otherwise though. No relation of subgroup normalisation, just a bad name. Just makes me think there's a market for a better brickie robot. The one they show is lethargic and built like a train. Even two robotic arms, working like a human does would be tons more efficient. (I'd also like to complain about the stupid title, but it's what NYT picked) "Black motorists are pulled over by police at rates exceeding those for whites" Do you think this isn't true? I don't know one way or another, but I think if National Geographic is going to make such a claim they'd have made some effort to verify it. How is someone who is not able (or maybe not bothered) to assess this claim themselves from raw data, supposed to know what to believe? Is there a good way to compare these claims? (For the record I did check the numbers in the parent post myself) Can't one just sudo echo -e "\7” anyway? Or if you're trying to do something fancier there is snd-pcsp which lets use use the piezo as a normal ALSA device (quality may vary). Not that many modern machines even include such a useful device. They're selling SD cards, not cameras To be fair it steers _toward_ the barrier. No barriers were harmed. Does Tesla run some sort of regression suite on this stuff? Can they get a copy of the sensor data from when this happened so they can reproduce those conditions as part of their test suite? Obvious? Not to the car! My point is that gathering failing cases like this could be a a simple way to gain confidence in a self-driving system, either from the perspective of internal development at Tesla, or even for regulation. Imagine if before you were allowed to push an update to road-going cars you had to show that it doesn't crash in any of the simulations of difficult conditions that the Road Safety Authority has prepared. I'd be in favour of such a thing at least. It's not proof, but it doesn't give any false positives. I thought this was a good question and went to try and find out. I grabbed the old source from https://ycombinator.com/arc/arc3.tar and started grepping around, but couldn't find any function to delete comments (only links, which do delete, but don't get purged from the cache it seems). I didn't set up Arc to try and run the thing though. If anyone has more knowledge, or understands the source better, or has newer code, I'd be interested to know. If Twitter doesn't make money off Twitter then nobody else should be allowed to either! I'd like to offer you my services as a prostitute, and also as a trafficker of humans. > As for Sheikhan, you might be wondering why his video is emerging only now. "My lawyers also told me not to share the video anywhere until we hear back from Mercedes because if we share the video there's not much to negotiate so I held onto the video and then after two years when I realize they are not replying or even interested I just decided to post it to raise awareness," I laughed at "raise awareness", seems like more of a "fuck you". I wish I had the power to bully giant multinationals. Not to mention the loss of tuple unpacking in function signatures. Even if i felt morally wrong about it, for the last few years I've been writing python2 with a few `from __future__`s at the top since it was fastest and most featureful and had all the libraries. Depends on the language, and the types of x and y. See e.g. python. This is a good point. Especially for minority languages like Irish, they can end up being completely dominated in mass-media by a specific group. Duolingo and TG4 (main Irish-language tv channel) mostly speak Gaeilge Cúige Connacht (the western dialect) meaning the northern and southern pronunciation and style are neglected. Host the documents yourself? Did you have a look at https://www.phoronix-test-suite.com/ ? Of course the screens are non-genuine https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/16/23.24 This article might be a useful introduction to what this is about: https://lexi-lambda.github.io/blog/2017/05/27/realizing-hack... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOUgXd9XlJ4 What about pre-emptive defensive? Defense from uncertainty? Defense from economic hardship? (Whoa! I really just meant to raise the questions, especially in the case of justification for recent US military conflicts. I'm not advocating for anything!) The more I learn about this project the more I like it. It would be amazing to see Hackett implemented in miniKanren, I think that would really bring us a big step closer to "compiler as a conversation" sort of programming. The combination of relational evaluation and the Haskell type system should be really powerful. org-mode is too good though, I always find myself getting distracted by all the great things I can do to optimise the note-taking I'm not doing It's not my idea, or a new idea. All the same I couldn't find a good reference. This [0] thread should give you an idea of what I'm talking about and hopefully someone else will come along with a better link. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9397489 I look forward to all the clever exploits that result from benign-looking code being added to benign-looking code. > A ‘thrilling’ mission to get the Swedish to change overnight (bbc.com) Can we get an anti-clickbait headline policy? This was fifty years ago too. "If Hitler invaded Hell, I would make at least a favourable reference to the devil in the House of Commons." - Churchill I think he means it becomes covered in algae Airon is the emacs of chairs. This sounds like the equivalent of "Poor people should realise that society doesn't owe them anything, and should stop being lazy and instead work hard and be happy like me". "Incels" aren't all just too stupid to get out of a situation they don't want to be in, they're not willfully miserable. If it was as simple as just doing the right thing and becoming "normal" they'd probably have done it. I find gallon and cubic feet to be on the same level hogsheads and cubic cubits in terms of applicability and usage. There's no trouble visualising a volume unit like a litre, particularly if you're used to working with such quantities. It is tough visualising unit that have no traction outside of one metrically-solopsist region though. Also a "football field" isn't constant between football codes (Canadian, Association, Gaelic, Australian, American, etc.) nor even between different grounds in some cases. Not a great unit. >Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something. - Mitch Hedberg I know what you mean, and I sympathise that it's a difficult problem. I suppose I tend to think of "a billion cubic metres" as more like one big cubic kilometre than a billion small things. There's some art to merging some numbers into units, but I don't know anyone who's solved it. Of course a doubling function is not idempotent! I think the confusion arises because side-effectful functions can be considered as having type f :: (RealWorld, OtherArgs) -> (RealWorld, OtherOutputs) and so for a garage door toggle you have something like t :: RealWorld -> RealWorld where the new state is the old one with the door opened/closed as appropriate. Now the idempotence condition becomes: t(t(world)) == t(world) but clearly t(t(doorOpenWorld) = t(doorClosedWorld) = doorOpenWorld != t(doorOpenWorld) = doorclosedWorld so this is where the notion comes from. If you abuse notation and just say a function of no arguments can be idempotent then you'll get confusion like this. You can do that already: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xgNc3-nBpI This is a weird thing to say, surely you already have enough information to look into the problem. At least you were gracious enough to let them mention the chat though. Cool. You can submit podcasts to them to get added[0]. They added my tiny podcast without any hassle. [0] http://www.pocketcasts.com/submit ESC^wcwevilESC:x Looks like someone's been training an AI to shill on HN. Please post your code, I have ideas for fixes. I think you probably did follow, but just didn't like it. I thought your post just read like technobabble and I was being stupid and snide and implying it had been written by a bot with some commercial agenda. Your claims all seem to be vague or opinion, so they can't be factually inaccurate. I'm a native English speaker and hard a very hard time understanding what you were trying to say. I don't mean to attack you, but I didn't think it was a good post, because it didn't make any clear or substantiated claims and so was not informative to me. It took me about five years of slog, but was at the same time a constant joy and absolutely worth it. https://www.gutenberg.org/files/45109/45109-h/45109-h.htm > With regard to whatever objects either delight the mind or contribute to use or are tenderly beloved, remind yourself of what nature they are, beginning with the merest trifles: if you have a favorite cup, that it is but a cup of which you are fond of—for thus, if it is broken, you can bear it; if you embrace your child or your wife, that you embrace a mortal—and thus, if either of them dies, you can bear it. Some of the advice is sublime, like this. (And some isn't, but it's a book worth reading.) Some people like to bury the "lede" nowadays, presumably because buried lead can be harmful to wildlife and water supplies. (see also: https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/bury-the-lede-... ) Not everyone on HN is American. The Eurovision is interesting to a lot of the Anglosphere elsewhere, like the UK, Ireland and Australia. But how many angels can wank on the head of a pin? enum Bool { True, False, FileNotFound }; > bank-heist hostage situation, have it stand on guard and shoot whenever it gets a human verified lock It's about time someone disrupted the field of killing hostages. For the benefit of non- German speakers, MENSCHENJAGER MARK ELF is HUMAN-HUNTER MARK ELEVEN like it's a pun on the word "mark" indicating a version of something. Feels weird that it's not rendered as MARK XI, but that's not as cute a name I suppose. I agree that it's the opposite of Christianity, at least in that in the RCC catechism good things happen to bad people and vice-versa, at least here on earth. The books get balanced in the hereafter. That's why the meek will inherit the earth and the rich enter heaven only by pushing camels through needles Mark Elf sounds like a name (in fact there is a famous guitarist with this name). I assumed that the purpose was to misdirect us so that there was an "a-ha" when you discovered the real meaning of the words, a-la a garden-path joke. I might be reading too far into it though, apparently the story _was_ originally published as MARK XI[0]. [0] http://mporcius.blogspot.ca/2014/05/three-stories-by-cordwai... Maybe companies that are so flimsy didn't have long left anyway. You're required to have a fire safety officer at these companies too, but it's not a full-time position. >"run itself" I find that misconception worse! > "Avoid success at all costs." > I mentioned this at a talk I gave about Haskell a few years back and it’s become quite widely quoted. When a language becomes too well known, or too widely used and too successful suddenly you can’t change anything anymore. You get caught and spend ages talking about things that have nothing to do with the research side of things. Success is great, but it comes at a price. -- Simon Peyton Jones There's not much in the way of marketing for Haskell. There isn't any drive to make it super-simple like Python, or super businessy like C#. It's fast if you make it so, but it's never going to be as fast as C. The cognitive defects required to like it are far less prevalent than those of JS-lovers. It's not built for the mainstream, even though it'll happily run GUIs and games and webpages and chat servers and whatever else is cool. Even if it wanted to, taking over the world takes a lot of effort and luck. And it doesn't want to, and spends its effort and luck elsewhere. I use lots of versions of GHC across several architectures, and can't remember the last time I compiled GHC. I think you must be doing it wrong. It's not without its flaws, but `stack` can do a lot of the work for you too. Back before sci-hub you'd just email a colleague at an institution with the appropriate subscription. Even now I'm lazy enough to not read papers if I have to jump through hoops to get the full text. Not really, in the sense that the reviews and editors are usually volunteers. Their main function seems to be negotiating and coordinating emails. Even for journals my university subscribes to, I'll often just get the paper from arXiv since it's easier. But defects are what make diamonds have colours![0] I hope you didn't interpret that phrase as an attack. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystallographic_defects_in_di... What are your sources please? Haddock documentation tends to be fairly inscrutable at first glance, so I'm in favour of anyone trying to remedy that. On the other hand the Haddock aesthetic and simplicity is awesome, whereas I find the Tintin website nauseating. Is there any modern project to produce something like the Lisp machine OS? At least the format and the fact that a lot of the time was taken up asking long-winded questions was the fault of the European Parliament and not Zuck personally. Of course the idea that you can just drag the CEO up to account for whatever grievances you have against the company and hope to get anything out of it seems a bit misguided to me. Looks like more of a PR exercise. The changes are available upstream, just not under the BSD. Even worse I sometimes get a page that shows my the HN status twitter, last updated in 2016. > Janitors Are Becoming Millionaires Thanks to This Stock’s 9,500% Rally Boo clickbait Visiting Australia from Europe is very expensive, especially in the Age of Exploration. Who would bother to do it just to "observe"? Almost tautologically the only people who will do such a thing are those with the morality to try to extract vast wealth. Those who wouldn't let themselves do that stay at home doing something else. > A plane crashed on the border or US and Canada. Where do they bury the survivors? You don't bury survivors, and you give better medical treatment to nobles. Notably Shakespeare uses the word "glisters" in the first phrase. Those are astonishingly good. It's only a pity that there isn't yet a style-transfer type method to create real accurate diagrams. > not accelerating anymore maybe in a frictionless vacuum! At high speeds the force you have to exert to counter wind resistance is less than what you need to gently accelerate when going slowly. https://github.com/KDE/gluon IT happened that a Fox caught its tail in a trap, and in struggling to release himself lost all of it but the stump. At first he was ashamed to show himself among his fellow foxes. But at last he determined to put a bolder face upon his misfortune, and summoned all the foxes to a general meeting to consider a proposal which he had to place before them. When they had assembled together the Fox proposed that they should all do away with their tails. He pointed out how inconvenient a tail was when they were pursued by their enemies, the dogs; how much it was in the way when they desired to sit down and hold a friendly conversation with one another. He failed to see any advantage in carrying about such a useless encumbrance. “That is all very well,” said one of the older foxes; “but I do not think you would have recommended us to dispense with our chief ornament if you had not happened to lose it yourself.” “DISTRUST INTERESTED ADVICE.” Question: Which object is the best conductor of electricity? Hide Aristo's Answer: (E) bus conductor I was wondering how comforting reading The Bible (as a cultural catholic) could be, so I dipped in to the first book which came to mind: --- Satan Takes Job's Property and Children 13 Now there was a day when his sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother's house, 14 and there came a messenger to Job and said, “The oxen were plowing and the donkeys feeding beside them, 15 and the Sabeans fell upon them and took them and struck down the servants[c] with the edge of the sword, and I alone have escaped to tell you.” 16 While he was yet speaking, there came another and said, “The fire of God fell from heaven and burned up the sheep and the servants and consumed them, and I alone have escaped to tell you.” 17 While he was yet speaking, there came another and said, “The Chaldeans formed three groups and made a raid on the camels and took them and struck down the servants with the edge of the sword, and I alone have escaped to tell you.” 18 While he was yet speaking, there came another and said, “Your sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in their oldest brother's house, 19 and behold, a great wind came across the wilderness and struck the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young people, and they are dead, and I alone have escaped to tell you.” 20 Then Job arose and tore his robe and shaved his head and fell on the ground and worshiped. 21 And he said, “Naked I came from my mother's womb, and naked shall I return. The Lord gave, and the Lord has taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord.” 22 In all this Job did not sin or charge God with wrong. --- I'm not sure how that made me feel, but I bet this is more effective if you pick specific passages you like. I guess I was just unlucky. Maybe I'll try reading it the way you describe next time. If they stopped taking the Google money it would be much harder to pay developers. I think this would be worse overall for the users, and I bet Mozilla thinks the same. How do you find this? Theo de Raadt definitely swims naked. It's impressive that he's a security boss and a mountain-man. That makes this almost completely uninteresting then. Hi Scott, Why do we live in a universe where the Halting Problem is unsolvable? Is it pronounced kew-bit or kuh-bit or kwu-bit? Who said anything about physics? I was thinking about axioms/logic systems and finitism. "Proper Owners" Well I obviously don't think so, and all you've done is state the opposite claim. Good question. I'm willing to bet you have a different idea to me. How about you tell me what you think. I'm a professional physicist with a relatively mainstream view. But i couldn't give a comprehensive definition in the time I'm willing to take to write this comment. But i promise to write one if you do. > you won't ever recognize you have a problem > I don't have a problem If only people were homoiconic like LISP, they might be better at reflection. Probably a native French speaker. $1,399.00 for the basic spec I think that's a lost battle, like "hacker". This is just confusing misuse of the word "relativistic", being based as it is on _relative_ probability and having little to do with philosophical relativism and nothing to do with physics relativity. > Bootloader definitions are available for many boards—Novena, A20 OLinuXino, BeagleBone, and even NES. I'd love to see somebody try to run GuixSD on a NES. NewPipe is kind of janky, but so much better than the official client. It seems to have the features that youtube wants you to pay for, just by not deliberately crippling the software. If intelligent design is your null hypothesis you're going to have a lot of successful experiments. > bees Aren't those extinct now? Barliman is pretty neat for filling in functions given a few examples: https://youtube.com/watch?v=5vtC7WEN76w > The reason hiring is hard is because the interviews have a low pass rate But the pass rate is up to the company. Either the wrong people are being brought in for interviews, or Google is looking for some x-factor that nobody has. This is one of the central questions of our age. In an ideal capitalist free market companies are almost necessarily amoral (Friedmann doctrine ), they can only make choices based on profit. In real life you have barriers to entry and PR concerns that let companies at least pretend to waste some profit-making opportunities on doing good. I don't know if the right answer is consumer unions, or benevolent government regulation, or giving up and making do with what we have, but this discuss I see on this issue seems so polarised (not unique) that progress will be hard to come by. That's a good read. I feel like the "customer is always right" mentality does quite a bit of harm to OSS support. Also reminds me of that dev (who I can't seem to search up) who had their email printed as part of a open-source software license in a car manual and would get ridiculous email from people who had car trouble. How is it Kafkaesque? Would anyone like to share how they went about getting such a job? On a related note, I have to fill out a PDF form to make a GDPR complaint to the Data Commissioner (in Ireland). This is a plain-text form, the information could just as easily be sent in the body of an email. Using PDF means having to deal with crappy PDF software, hurting accessibility and scriptability and adding needless overhead on the other end. I wish these systems were designed by sane and benevolent programmers, rather than Pointy Haired Bureaucrats. ( https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/raise-a-concern-Form/m/17... ) This is the right kind of question to be asking. Huge, influential companies shouldn't get away with making bullshit statements that don't mean anything. At least they shouldn't get away with it as much as they do. Of course the game makers aren't going to filter it, it makes them an "unwitting" benficiary of money laundering. It's not like their overt business purpose is any better. I think "starving off" might be exactly what they have in mind. But if Klingon had just been Basque, then they would have been learning two cultures at once. Ironically it's cultural hegemony from evil empires that real hurts these minority human languages. It doesn't seem so in the provided "short" example video [0]. Unfortunately the thumb is on the wrong part of the hand for this system to work on touchscreen (imho). Maybe it would be suitable for chimpanzees, or a hardware device like a twiddler. [0] https://youtu.be/z_01ha1uS6Y Where are the emojis for pain? And why are there so many happy family emojis? People (and "corporate people") who care enough to get emojis put in by buy votes at the Unicode Club seem to have super weird values totally detached from humans who send each other messages. > 500,600 words per minute I realise 500/600 looks like 5/6, but 500,600 reads to me as 500600. Maybe | is a good unambiguous character to use for "or". > Absolution definition, act of absolving; a freeing from blame or guilt; release from consequences, obligations, or penalties I've never seen the word "absolutionist" before. Should this be "absolutist"? I think this is the crucial bit. Division by zero in fields means nothing, but if you want to tack on calculus (part of pretending that doubles are reals) then zero is a perfectly good limit for division and it turns out that defining it as anything at all breaks your system. I didn't like the blogpost, because it's smug, and doesn't even mention this obvious objection. I'd love to see a couple of screencasts of people effectively using these. I use spacemacs in evil mode, but I find smartparens infuriating. I don't know if this is because it doesn't suit me, or it's just no good, or if (most likely) I don't know how it's supposed to be used and haven't learnt the keys. Any advice on getting off the ground for sexp editing (racket mostly) in a modern semantic way would be greatly appreciated. For a Riemannian metric yes, but a lot of physics gets done in Lorentzian (psuedo-)metric spaces. That's quite a narrow view. You can certainly model time in a metric space, i.e. it you go one block west and one new-york minute forward. Spent some time trying to get this to run in a Xephyr window on an old ubuntu box, but it doesn't seem to be able to move windows or resize as advertised (whereas twm is fine, and xev sees all the keypresses). These tiny projects are often cursed by having very few resources when something goes wrong. This is a fantastic idea, and I can't see how anyone (other than the people who stand to lose directly) could oppose it. All the same I know that they will. Consumers are anything but rational, and that is by design. The ultra-rich know well the value of hearts and minds, and that it's quite possible to spend money convincing (at least some) people of whatever you'd like them to believe. Maybe it's just because I'm a pinko-European, but in the unlikely event of this succeeding, I think it could really be the start of the pendulum swinging in the right direction in global economics. I'm inclined to agree with you, your point about constitutionality is well taken. I know we're getting into thorny political philosophy at this point, but I'd be inclined to support this bill, even if there is a good case to be made that it's unconstitutional. In my opinion, any purpose served by having a constitution is in the benefit of the people and the state, if the constitution proscribes something that would definitely benefit the state, then it is the constitution which is wrong. Whether or not this would be ultimately beneficial, or the principle that the constitution is trying to protect here (don't interfere in the affairs of lawful citizens) is more important in the end are value judgements, and difficult ones at that. I don't doubt that if my circumstances were different I would be making an argument like yours. Despite the title, they do not actually host the techniques. It looks like now that we've had our basic needs met, our desires are for human contact, and not just stuff. Along comes Baumol's cost disease and makes things involving physically present people (like traditional education) much more expensive than things that don't (like chinese smartphones). Unfortunately without a change of economic system it doesn't seem like this trend will change course. The UK and Ireland are their own mini-Schengen called the "Common Travel Area". Irish and British people don't need to show ID to travel between the two countries, but they do need to show ID to prove they are Irish or British and hance entitled to travel without ID [0]. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Travel_Area#Ireland Ya, there's a huge niche in the market for pro-American leaks. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gish_gallop I wish I had a debating technique named after me. Skoda and Porsche come to mind. I bet most heavy industry has done a stint in both depending on which way the wind was blowing. I've been using this for years and somehow continue to be able to amaze academics when I show them they don't need to write LaTeX tables and equations etc. by hand. While there's an argument for writing plain text, I don't think it applies to most of the academics who can barely run a python script and wish they had secretaries typesetting their papers like the good old days. So if your internet goes (which never happens here anymore, ymmv), then don't make any calls. If the stingray lets through internet, then make encrypted voip calls. Qt has a web assembly target now though, so it could be. Fee Diary The UK is in the EU You can use an automated (customisable) tool at saveyourinternet.eu to do this too. Well if they only cycle to zero then they'll just come back up again just as fast, so that seems not so bad. Article 13 is hardly an attack on Github, even if it may affect them. The EU loves US money and tech, and is happy to keep it (it seems it's happy to stay too). I'm totally against this proposal, but not because of anti-regulation dogma. That's rightly unpopular in prosperous and socialist Europe. BSkyB has a betting arm, why wouldn't they just do this with all the cameras they have? That would be a good way to donate to charity. Just feed info about your corporate overlord to a philanthropic trader. I like your idea, but it's hardly the case currently. If you find a book on the ground, or read it in a library, or learn of its contents any number of ways without entering into even an implicit contract with the copyright holder, you are not then entitled to publish the contents without limit. I don't think this is significantly different between European and American and universities. Your argument was probably downvoted because you didn't support your claim very well, and blaming everything on the invisible hand is not a popular dogma. I'm surprised that the premise that the iPhone is an "invention" is so quickly accepted. It wasn't like nobody was making any similar devices, and then this new idea came along. I know that invention can be as simple as gluing two existing things together, but the meaningful aspect has to be that there is an original idea there. No doubt it popularised a lot of existing technology, and arguably combined some of that technology in a way that hadn't been done before. All the same, that reasoning could apply to the second version of the iPhone. Was that an "invention" too? > even in cases when the good story is the actually true one I enjoy being a jerk and ruining a story as much as the next person, but you have to check your facts before doing something like that. Are there any good examples you've come across of someone miscorrecting a "good" story to a banal one? > The only limitation is your imagination. As far as I can tell this is a modern successor to Zombocom. Finance is just a pile of third-parties trusting each other in exchange for money. But you read HN don't you? Can you tell articles from ads here? What about Paul Graham's submarines? Let's rehash that old argument in the comments shall we? While you're quite right, if you wanted to see what the old argument was, please look at your sibling comments. How did you choose the terminals to benchmark against? What about xterm or gnome-terminal or powershell or whatever? > Carse are effective in less dense regions, but in modern cities other solutions have to be found. "In Scottish geography, a Carse (the modern form of older Scots kerse) is an area of fertile, low-lying (typically alluvial) land occupying certain Scottish river valleys,[1] such as that of the River Forth." I am forced to agree. I am your lawyer and investment advisor, and this is legal and investment and skincare advice. Short APPL, pay your taxes, wear sunscreen. Pizzle is the biological term for penis. Can't Uber force a driver it has a dispute with to engage in binding arbitration, rather than resolve the case in court, which is typically the entitlement of both parties? The Gaelic/Celtic Union is an idea that has been batted around for a while now. It might be political fantasy, but the populaces seem to be general amenable (not including, ironically, the various "unionists"). I have a book on shameless shilling you might like to read. The lack of "apply hooks" put me off the the guile version, and running MIT scheme isn't much fun. I'd love to see the book updated with the new code, or even better, a full racket version. Probably a reference to Penrose Diagrams which this looks like it would be good at, or possibly Penrose Graphical Notation. Both creations of Roger Penrose. In fact it's readily available with English subtitles: https://sovietmoviesonline.com/comedy/87-sobache-serdce.html or https://www.reelhouse.org/vintagefilmclub/the-heart-of-a-dog... To each according to their need etc. As an honest question, how well does this apply to Hackernews? I know that BBC News is bad for my health and does nothing for my career. Holistically I'm not sure about hn. If only early man had worried about zoological diversity and the morality of eating giant sloth meat. And how did it manage to stay under the radar for so long. I hear about Wayland all day. Exactly the same question ocurred to me as I was reading. In a lisp the is certainly possible, the environment exists as a giant sexp (possibly with some small compiled components). No idea how smalltalk works though. I've tried something like this with ipython, since you can save the session's input as a .py file. As long as you don't depend on the outside world you can recreate your image by using the bare repl as your "base image" and just load the (gittable) previous sessions input (which itself possibly loads older and older sessions). WhatsApp is (we are told) end-to-end encrypted using the same protocol as Signal. What a well explained and simple article. Though it would be nice to know why each optimisation is made wrt the eventual hardware. I only used tried-and-tested distros like Yggdrasil. I like look of it too, but I'm not sure how to pronounce the name. "Shirt"? "Shart"? MacHale is _the_ expert on Boole, and a wonderful man. Without reading the book though, I do suspect motivated reasoning on his part. So why don't national governments and local councils, create and maintain software for the public good, like toilets? I mean this in the euro-socialist model. If that's anathema to you, substitute charity or benevolent technocrat. Harvard's ADS ( http://adsabs.harvard.edu ) has recently been revamped and is very effective in it's domain of (astro-)physics. Perhaps someone could base a Scholar replacement on that? Apache Kafkatrapping It also syncs nicely with the desktop version sharing tabs and passwords and whatnot. Even if Chrom* was as good as firefox there, the mobile aspect would make the difference Well it's not going to be square feet, unless they splatter when they land. Is that supposed to be a pun on "navel" and "naval"? Ouch. We'll see about that. They've clung to their creators this long. When will there be an ANN to remove spin and motivated reasoning? It's becoming so tiresome to filter it. Maybe people should try hard to write a factual and forthright account of what they're talking about and then have a note at the end saying "I'm a granola-faith healer, and I think the above is a good idea" or "I'm an old-school conservative lung surgeon, and I hope that you too conclude that this is bullshit". Plagues aren't inherently bad, you know. Christendom needs God's wrath to learn its sinfulness. > Sorry, you are rate-limited. Please wait a few moments and try again. I don't know why twitter blocks my Android Firefox, but I feel as if we both benefit. Wouldn't it be nice if you could just choose what information to get, unless of this dice-rolling and analytics and cookies approach? PILATE: Hoo hoo hoo ho. The little wascal has spiwit. CENTURION: Has what, sir? PILATE: Spiwit. CENTURION: Yes. He did, sir. PILATE: No, no. Spiwit, siw. Um, bwavado. A touch of dewwing-do. CENTURION: Oh. Ahh, about eleven, sir. PILATE: So, you dare to waid us. BRIAN: To what, sir? PILATE: Stwike him, Centuwion, vewy woughly! slap If you're interested, but don't want to pay that much, you can borrow it from Library Genesis: http://libgen.io/search.php?req=apl+mathematical&lg_topic=li... That's what makes it a library. I didn't know what this was either. So I searched for it. > Urban Dictionary: God Donut > https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=God%20Donut > Aug 7, 2014 - "God donut" is a censored way to say "God damn it!". Best known for being in iPhone autocorrects. And then I posted it for everyone else to see too. But always juniper, unless you're talking about sloe gin, which is always qualified as such. If anyone is interested in this, I strongly recommend Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson, although I'm sure pretty much all geeks over a certain age have already read it. Religion, memetics, hackers, and the human mind are all tied up in a really good sci-fi book. No. I haven't used RSS since Google pushed Reader into a volcano. It's sad and stupid, but I bet a lot of people were in a similar boat. I'll maintain it. Is there any possible way the old google could be resurrected? By google themselves or just someone cloning the tech? My google-fu keeps getting worse, on pages I know I've found handily in the past. I'd almost pay for a good search, cash or personal data or whatever. Let's apply modern interpersonal morality to this and see what happens. Isn't everyone here presumed to be living in the US, or at least the Anglosphere? North Koreans can't be worrying about the latest JavaScript hotness. (I don't live in a rich, English speaking country, but I can pretend so) Doesn't this just kick the problem down the road? Now you've introduced the optimisation of the compiler abd the expressiveness of your processor's machine language. The problem of knowing you have the "best" solution remains. I think if you are trying to come up with a canonical languahe to measure kolmogorov complexity in you can do better, like Binary Lambda Calculus. https://tromp.github.io/cl/LC.pdf This is called "consumer surplus" generally. Since quizzes are valuable to BuzzFeed they might be willing to pay well for them, but it turns out that competition between quizmakers had pushed the price down near zero. Lucky for BuzzFeed eh? This is a good question. Very few people have the means and motive to write an OS in a bubble and I wonder if it leads to the same tradeoffs. Ironically the native client constantly logs me in, even when I don't want to. I've never wanted to be Online or Available, but ever since they shipped the new "Friends" thing it's made quite difficult. I'd like to offer "dwarfs" as a spelling of this word. Well if selling arms is a large part of your economy you need to have a way to get the oil and blood stains out of the money you receive. This is an old joke, but a good one. Modern emacs has full colour graphics,a window manager, a decent browser, evil makes editing possible for people with ten fingers or less... I (and many others) have been thinking about a system that boots to Emacs. With the guile backend we might get enough speed to make it tolerable fulltime. The only thing missing (and I bet somebody has done this too) is a way to run graphical ELF binaries with an embedded X/Wayland type thing. This is a nice exercise, but sort of reads like an argument against the unix way ("Diogenic programming") in that the author has to jump through lots of hoops to do w job that would be easy with the right specialised tools (e.g. a database). Really? What are they? I found it funny that it looks like a low-resolution image (mirrored) of source code in a text-based language. Of course anybody can write a better backend that makes nicer images, or even a Piet formatter, that prettifies existing code. The comments on the article include two more nice Haskell solutions (with much better speed). Horizontal is typically orthogonal to vertical. Well GP was complaining about garbage, that's exactly the job of the GC. There's an economic incentive for the moon base! Since it's so expensive to bring heavy payloads up by rocket we can just mine them on the moon. It surely won't be too long until the US needs to mass-produce the godrods anyway. It's the payload for a browser exploit This idea is dangerously simple. All the same email is pretty siloed, for personal addresses. Running your own server is a hassle for anyone,and the most popular provider stopped being "not evil" some time since 2004 when I got my address there. So maybe you should start talking about the future of the Conservative Regime in the UK and the Trumpian Theocracy. I think I that's how causation works. Trying to control culture is difficult. Although it makes me wonder if its extension shouldn't be ".sh", sinc e this polyglot-metaprogra. is really intended to be run as a shell script. The law is sophisticated enough to walk trees, and smart enough to have concepts like "beneficial ownership" where who _actually_ owns something matters, at least in common law. I think minikanren in racket or core.logic in clojure nicely fill this gap now. What about microcode? I thought the point of this whole computing thing was that we could abstract away the fine details and solve problems on the level they're posed at. Who gives a damn if there's a single atom representing a cons or not? Lisp is good as a language for humans, and it used to be used in hardware because that was necessary to run lisp code fast. That hasn't been the case for ages. Unless you call it something cool, like "Tor". And guns aren't developed for murders. But that isn't the point I was trying to glibly make. People contribute to lots of well-intentioned took that contribute some kind of indirectly to evil things. Maybe you could shoehorn it into running on IBM's Q platform. They let you run circuits in real hardware and give you back the statistics on the measurements. https://medium.com/qiskit/how-to-turn-on-your-quantum-comput... As far as can tell this is an invite-only beta and you can just ask to be put on a waiting list. Had to wait a long time to get a Build-to-order email for the old pinebook after I sign up. Maybe I sign up today I'll get a pinebook pro before it stops being cool. That's parallel in time, but serial in "space". That might be the source of the confusion here. Self-hosting has become shamefully easy now with Docker Hub and cheap VPSen in the "cloud". It really is a one-liner to spin up a new service on your server nowadays. I think you make a good point, but got flagged for snark. It's not a totally bad thing that people try to enforce politeness here. You can certainly do this with just the standard library and no boost, for example using iota from . https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/iota Your link to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stratton_Oakmont,_Inc._v._Prodigy_Services_Co. seems to not format properly, because presumably hn strips the last '.' thinking it's a full stop to end a sentence. Boo. Also for those wondering where they know the name from, that is indeed Jordan "Wolf of Wall Street" Belfort's company. A trapdoor is something that's hard to invert: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trapdoor_function A backdoor is a hidden access, like this. Just a mistake in the article. Android will soon be so large that the OS won't fit in the 16GB of internal memory most phones have and will use some of the external too. Walter Bright will probably show up in a minute and tell you D is a better C. He's probably right too. But being the best isn't why people pick C these days. I also object to the idea that it's easy to write a C compiler. A toy compiler might be easy, but a good one takes UINT_MAX man-hours at least.