I have one big problem with fingerprint authentication (really, any sort of biometric authentication). If I lose my password I can reset it. If I give out my password, either accidentally or under duress, I can change it. If someone wants something so badly as to copy (or take) a fingerprint, there's no way for me to "change" that password. The atmosphere of Mars is over 95% CO2[1] which I imagine could support the propagation of bacteria. The Moon doesn't have much of an atmosphere at all (a trillionth of what the Earth has).[2] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_Mars [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_the_Moon Initial platform choice aside, I think this was the right course of action. For three of you (all technical?), launching on two high-quality platforms simultaneously would be asking for trouble. For those of us that don't have our iPad in front of us at the moment, could you explain the Bento IAP is and what we get for that $15? > I guess, but Zookeepers could also potentially talk about "What are the pros and cons of Gorillas vs Sharks?" And on an appropriate forum with as many readers as SO/SE you'd likely get well-thought out responses going far into detail regarding purchase cost, habitat maintenance, prevalence of skilled keepers, etc. Someone who actually was deciding whether to add a Gorilla enclosure or a shark aquarium would find it a very enlightening post. I understand you created SO/SE and want to see it move in a certain direction, but closing and deleting questions you don't like because it threatens your "science-in-the-small" goal is, I think, a terrible way to go about it. (FTR, I understand Jeff is not personally going around deleting stuff on the site) Thanks for the reply, Stefan, but I think you misunderstood what I meant by "appropriate" (thought I understand your use); I meant the zoological equivalent of SO/SE (Zoooverflow?) There's a world of difference between "I want to learn Perl or Python, what are the pros and cons of each?" and "What's your favorite programming cartoon?" I think moderation efforts would be much better spent directing the answers to the open-ended questions away from monoglotist flame wars and toward an honest discussion (there's that word again) of something. I don't think anyone would complain about aggressively closing questions like the one you posited. As a programmer, I've also dealt with the programmer ninja rockstar gurus who think anything less than 90% equity for building on top of someone else's platform is a personal insult to them. There are just as many jerks with over-inflated egos on the programming side as there are on the business side. FYI I found a typo on your FAQ page: What if I purchased the least popular t-shirt multiple times? Nice going! You will receive a coupon giving you free t-shirts in the same quanity as your purchase of the least popular t-shirt. The important part is that the article - and ultimately, the funding - are because of 9gag users uploading stuff they find on r/pics and r/funny, even though they'd never admit that (much like most Redditors would never admit the majority of Reddit's memes either originated from or are directly from 4chan). I'm sure it's no accident that there are 37 projects. I'd be more interested to hear feedback from people who aren't featured in the ebook. Looks interesting to say the least. FYI I did the Symfony demo, then signed in with Google and got a 404 error. It did save my progress, but I had to re-authorize before I could get back to the list of languages. Fantastic product, though. I see myself using this a lot. Any chance of a C# version coming along? This is an important question I think should be answered Tambur.io looks great. Another alternative if someone is looking for hosted SSL on a free plan would be Buddy http://www.buddy.com/pricing/ , free for the first half million API calls with unlimited applications. Pretty steep at $250/mo for 500,001-10MM calls. IIRC that's already something Facebook does with regard to the feed (as you mentioned). Say you get a friend request from someone you went to HS with, but outside of accepting the request you never interact with them on FB. They could post every day but you'd likely never see it. I would imagine that the strength of the intersection of their graph with yours would play a role in this as well. Can anyone who works at FB comment on this? I'd imagine this is one of the back-end engineering problems the developers there would enjoy working on. > Unfortunately SaaS doesn't work for us > I recommend you to use Zendesk Come on I'm somewhat curious why this spam hasn't been downvoted into oblivion. Am I the only one that's bothered by seeing that red dotted underline for ANonce, SNonce and Ack? As edw519 pointed out, I didn't do my research before making that flip comment. I didn't mean any offense by it and I apologize. I'm not a fan of loopholes either, but they exist and it'd be ridiculous to expect those able to not to take advantage of them. They'd just be burning off a percentage of their income. Everything Romney's done has been legal, if impolitic. I challenge everyone acting like he's the antichrist to show us their tax returns where they made a gift deposit to the US Treasury, because that's essentially what a lot of people expected him to do. I think if you were to look at all college dropouts (not just those that leave to go to SF) you would see it's certainly not a symptom of success. There are definitely successful people without degrees but it is the exception rather than the rule. It also depends on your definition of successful. By most definitions (including mine) this guy isn't. YC may change that, but it may not. I don't think it will have much to do with his degree, or lack thereof. If he lets you. Please take this with a grain of salt - I could only find it on Alternet[1] and I looked for the Gallup source they're referencing but shouldn't find it. The article is from December of 2011 as well. In the top 1% of US households (those with an income above ~$550,000 a year according to this article, but I've seen lower-end figures ranging from $380-660k/yr), 72% have a college degree v. 31% of the lower 99%. "Nearly half" of the top 1% has some form of post-graduate education v. less than 1 in 5 of the 99%. A lot of the 1% are CEOs, licensed professionals (JDs, MDs) and Wall Street executives, all positions the require baccalaureate or postgraduate degrees in almost every case. [1] http://www.alternet.org/story/153341/10_fun_facts_about_the_... I was being facetious, but this is actually an excellent point. Perfect example of something that's been available for ages but people somehow think they need a shiny web app (SaaS with a monthly subscription, of course) to do. Could this have something to do with the superstitious aspect of baccarat? The fact that the deck has been shuffled before it got to the casino but not even the casino itself has any way of knowing the order? The article mentioned superstition, but I've never played baccarat myself. No offense, but just about everything in your comment is wrong. Your argument that suits are dead is way off the mark. Maybe in San Francisco it's not expected to wear a suit to a job interview or to meet with clients, but in every job I've ever worked at the men were expected to wear a suit and tie more often than not. Your 1% comment doesn't make any sense to me whatsoever. Are you saying that only households making over $340k a year[1] would spend that much on a suit? My first job out of college was for $28k a year in a city. I had to spend much of that first year buying $600-800 suits because that's what I was expected to wear. I have friends that make what I make now and gladly drop twice what I would on a suit. It doesn't have anything to do with income. I believe this was mentioned elsewhere, but a $4,000 suit isn't mainly about income or wealth, it's about taste. Pick up any $4,000 suit from a custom clothier and hang it up next to a $350 suit from Men's Wearhouse. You will absolutely be able to tell the difference from the other side of the room. [1] http://www.bankrate.com/finance/taxes/top-1-percent-earn.asp... Maybe it's just me, but wearing jeans to a wedding or funeral and not wearing a jacket and tie to a interview immediately signal disrespect and that the guest/candidate is too lazy to put in the requisite effort. Maybe the weather has something to do with that as well? I live in a very temperate part of the Northeast. Is Stripe that other provider? I've been contemplating switching but I agree with your sentiment that PayPal's fraud detection is the best available right now. I'd definitely be interested in seeing a write-up about integrating Stripe with third-party fraud detection systems. I didn't see this, I apologize. I will submit my question there. Thanks! "The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy." Is this book appropriate for someone who has never used Heroku before or is it geared toward folks who have beginner-level experience with it? Try using http://hnpickup.appspot.com/ This is an excellent point and one you should send to Stripe if you haven't already. No sarcasm intended, but how can you justify paying $65/mo for something like Chargify? Does it offer some value that I'm not seeing on their site? If this page is any indication of the actual app, I'm actually looking forward to paying for it. What exactly does one's gender have to do with using these tools? I do wish I had caught that before it was deleted. That is a good point; having some code to look at (or even copy) before writing my first ticketing application could have easily saved me a few hundred hours. Still, $65/mo seems a bit much. Best of luck, though. Was Arash central to choosing to invest? What I mean is do you think you would have passed if he hadn't found a co-founder by the interviews? I live in a small Pennsylvania borough with an operating budget of about $1 mil/year (this includes all services for the entire borough of 3-4 precincts). Our police department is 8 full-time officers and 3 part-time officers with I believe 2 full-time admin/support staff in the office. We have 5 cruisers, 4 SUVs and at the last borough council meeting the council approved the purchase of a 6th brand new cruiser and a new fleet of AR-15 style rifles for the officers. Because America. No way this goes more than an hour or two without being closed. Daisy, does this take into account costs such as maintenance, home repairs, etc or is it strictly financial in terms of rent payment v. mortgage payment? The center may be whiter but they get that terrible grey circle on them. I seriously doubt they just up and decided to take all your money. What policy or agreement did you violate? > Having a massive buying power, the prices of these basic products will be much, much cheaper than any grocery store. No, it won't. You think a startup will have more buying power than WalMart? Giant? Even smaller chains like Weis or Kroger's would blow it out of the water in terms of monthly product purchased. If you were specializing in a niche market like luxury types of foods this could probably work. I agree that it'd likely take someone with experience in logistics/SCM to pull it off but there is a market for it. I originally started consulting in 2009 after being laid off; I had a client in two days (acquaintance already) at $50 an hour. Three and a half years later my advertised rate is $125/hr or $800/day, with a few clients being grandfathered into lower rates (usually only if I know they're on a tight budget and have a decent amount of work in the pipeline). Don't misunderstand me: I have lost clients because I raised my prices. Maybe that was a failure on my part to adequately explain the reasoning behind the increase and the value they were getting. Regardless, those aren't the kinds of clients I want anyway. I don't want to deal with someone complaining their invoice is $1480 instead of the $1450 I estimated. Obviously not the OP but I'd like to offer my experience. I've told every client of mine they'll get a 15% payment off any referral's first contract (ongoing if it's a retainer), and offered the same deal to many friends who know the business I'm in. I haven't gotten a single call or email about it. If people like you, they will refer you to everyone who will listen. If they don't, they'll talk bad about you to even more people. Offering a few hundred dollars or even more is, in my experience, not going to sway them one way or the other. Never tried it, but I've also never met a professional recruiter who knew anything about our industry. Looks like a shotgun to me, but the image is blurry. What is there to open source? It's HTML, CSS and JS. Especially since they're in Detroit. Asking a question does not denote offering legal advice. Your laziness is not something to be lauded, and it is not cute or quirky (which I believe you think it is based on that emoticon). I don't know why you got downvoted, that seems like a reasonable question to me. My uneducated opinion is that that would be willful infringement. It would be your responsibility to see if the patent is granted, and if it is to cease whatever you're doing that could infringe. Note: this isn't what I agree with, just my understanding of how it is currently. IANAL Edit: I think ceasing any potentially infringing activity after you learn the patent is awarded would quash any notion of you willfully infringing and would allow you to say "I stopped as soon as I had to, but here's why I shouldn't have had to in the first place..." if it ever got to that point. Not to my knowledge; there may be a resource through the USPTO. How would you suggest someone without any experience in physical products get that required knowledge? A friend and I have an idea for a physical product and we're in the process of building the garage prototype now. When that's finished and if we think it's a fit for Kickstarter, what resources should we find so we don't set goals too low, etc? What about having an IQ in the top 2% isn't a big deal? Tortoise beating the hare? It's possible the HN algorithm detects a steady, consistent stream of users, an above-average percentage of which upvote something compared a flash-in-the-pan type of posting. Two minor things: (1) that survey prompt keeps popping up even though I've already filled it out, and (2) the survey should open in a new window so I don't need to click the back button multiple times just to get back to your site. Other than those minor nitpicks I like what I see so far. > The idea that you might have to bump your college degree by 5 years is unimaginable at age 22. Or to anyone with a conscience who doesn't want to become known as a liar. I don't know anyone, even in HR, who expects a resume to show the whole truth.. But Jesus, are we at a point where we don't expect to only show the truth? Michael says playing with dates isn't dishonest. Bullshit. It's incredibly easy to "play" with the dates (e.g., lie ) to hide the fact you're fired from every job you've ever had within the year and it takes you six months to find new employment. Half this thread is people saying "Don't lie, because that makes you a liar, and nobody likes liars." and the other half is people saying "Just because I lie on my resume doesn't mean I'm a liar because this one time a company did something bad to me so that makes this unrelated occurrence totally okay." Like you said: disgusting. You also get into some issues with time off, vacations, etc. But I have no doubt companies (and the naive prospective employees) that have this type of access do that. Just because it's a MoJo article doesn't mean this is the place to wax philosophic about your personal political beliefs. How did you learn to play golf? I've wanted to learn for some time but don't know where to start. I don't think option A ever hurts the former employer, or at least only in the rarest of circumstances. If I apply for a job and it's down to me and Candidate X, both of which have n years of experience in software development, I am going to be pissed if he gets the job because I'm an honest person and he's "padded" his resume for every job to where he now has n +2 years of experience. I think the reason this gets such a visceral reaction from folks on my side of the argument is that there's no way to know how often this happens (my guess is truthfully that it happens more often than not, even just the "padding" of a month or two to hide or lessen stretches of unemployment). Which pushes people to mass transit, lowers overall consumption of gasoline, decreases revenue from car registration and gas taxes and bankrupts the transit system. Edit #1: I'm being intentionally glib, but the point is that it's not as simple as "raise taxes" or "take the bus." Edit #2: I'd love to hear a counterpoint instead of just downvotes. Please explain to me how the spirit of what I said is incorrect. For the most part, rail travel is private industry in the US - that means it has to make a profit. Obviously if you make something very cheap or free you're going to have a lot more people willing to use it. It will also cease to exist as a private enterprise very quickly. I don't want to make this solely a political point, but it's a hard sell to convince me that it's inherently good to incentivize mass transit in the first place, let alone that it should be nationalized by default and offered below cost or for free. Why Lua? Ignoring all the screen capture and webcam nonsense and focuses strictly on the location tracking: should it be expected for a company that will by its definition attract deadbeats and scammers be required to detail its security measures? It sucks that you have to put up with this, but let's not pretend it's a "big chunk." According to the Journal of Deaf Studies and Deaf Education, an article published in 2005 cites 11MM HOH and deaf individuals in the United States[1]. The Population Reference Bureau cites 296MM US citizens in the same year[2]. It's important to note that according to the first source, "over half" of those that are HOH or deaf are over 65 - likely not the target market of this video. Even if we were to completely ignore the demographic issue of who makes up the majority of HOH and deaf individuals, we're talking about just over 3.7% of the population in the US (I would assume it's roughly similar when extrapolated to the entire internet population). I think that anyone for whom the HOH and deaf population was a target market would certain take every opportunity to make their materials accessible. [1] http://jdsde.oxfordjournals.org/content/11/1/112.full - ABSTRACT [2] http://www.prb.org/pdf05/05worlddatasheet_eng.pdf - PAGE 2 Just curious :) What was the CTA before? Right now it says "Get Started Now" which is clearly not the case. SEEKING WORK - remote I am available for 10-20 hours weekly beginning November 15. I am working remotely from the US East Coast. My skill set is varied and includes: - BACK END: PHP (8 years), WordPress (2 years), .NET (2 years), Python ( Contact information is in my profile. Which tablet is that? I've got an iPad, a Macbook Air and a custom-built PC. I think the next logical step is a tablet running Linux. Glad to see a response. I didn't catch the original job posting before it was taken down, but I have to wonder: why was it taken down in the first place? Regardless, Streak seems like an interesting product. I think the argument is closer to the fact that we don't let physicians in India immediately be physicians in the US. People writing PHP for $15 an hour in India are seen as the same level as people writing PHP (or other language) for $125 an hour in the US and Europe. > ...or to be otherwise officially recognized by a U.S. state or federal government agency Why is it a bad idea to require recognition before handing out an .edu domain? As stated earlier people implicitly trust those domains and emails coming from them, and it would be downright dangerous to let untrustworthy nations hand them out to anyone. I believe you're lost. This is HN, not ThinkProgress. I'm familiar with your history on HN and your work with open source and appreciate both, so please do not take offense to this. You are completely and totally wrong about everything you just said. I run a business and every client signs a contract agreeing to mandatory binding arbitration. Why? Court cases are expensive, and most of my clients are attorneys themselves or have significantly more resources than I do. Both sides agree on an arbitrator and each side pays 50% of the fee. Arbitration is not some back room circle jerk where the defendant gives the arbitrator a couple hundred bucks for a favorable ruling, and the notion that it is is offensive to people like me who rely on that option. And guess what? If the arbitration was like that, you're within your right to sue. I exclusively use HSL notation because if you're using less functions like spin(), [de]saturate() and [lighten|darken]() it's what makes the most sense. The comparison to judges would be a fair comparison if both parties paid 50% of the judge's salary, and both parties had to agree on which judge to use. Arbitrators are simply not chosen and paid for by the corporations. The way it is typically done is that one arbitrator is agreed upon by both parties (negating any implications of foul play), or each party chooses one and those two arbitrators choose a third. I think it was mentioned elsewhere that contracts that are both (A) between parties of vastly disparate power, e.g. Microsoft's EULA and the average Xbox gamer; and (B) "take it or leave it" style contracts have been ruled on at least one occasion to be untenable. Understanding this is not usually the case in the US, I'd rather have a legal system that seemed unfair unless you researched the details than one tried to seem fair from the outside at the risk of being unfair to specific groups. If there is anything wrong with HN, you're it. The OP posted something that is well done, that (s)he spent the weekend working on, and is getting constructive feedback from everyone in the thread except you. But, since you seem to have crowned yourself the Arbiter of Quality, let's take a look at what you've contributed, shall we? 1. A python script to download free PSDs in bulk. 2. Two links to some DNS website (with a total of 3 votes and 0 comments) 3. A blog post talking about President Obama and renewable energy. 4. Hilariously, you also posted a meme about user negativity v. HN quality: http://memegraphs.com/memes/729c21bf62f51120855f5b5a8794b2fc... So before you make snarky comments about how bad HN has become, maybe you should actually try contributing something of value. Or leave. Either one would be a net gain for the rest of us. And the invoice price is always more than they pay for the vehicle anyway. It's not uncommon to see new vehicles advertised at several hundred below invoice (most I've seen is -$300 or so). Let me get this straight, you want a Stripe cookie that remembers a user's payment information across unrelated websites ? This. Give someone a project that should take no more than n hours to complete and give then n/2 days to do it, preferably including a weekend. That should be plenty of time for some folks, even employed. Which is a cop out anyway. Programmers don't get paid to "write code," they get paid to solve problems. Part of that is discussing options and strategies with teammates and making sure everyone is on the same page (or as close to the same page as possible when you have teammates with vastly disparate specialties and expertise). I specifically remember getting a letter in the mail a few weeks ago alerting me to this. Seriously guys, stop this. It's never as simple as "oh man Stripe needs to come to [country I just so happen to live in] because they'd make so much money it can't be that hard ." Yes, it can and it is. Stripe is doing everything right - focusing on a quality product and taking small steps to make it available to as many people as possible without damaging the quality of that product . It's a hell of a lot easier for someone in Germany to rip off Stripe and comply with all the German regulations than it is for Stripe to come in with no assets on the ground and figure it all out. They could be in Asia and the entire EU in under a year, I'm pretty sure. Their platform would implode and we'd all talk about how Stripe used to be good, and now it's worse than PayPal and how the executives screwed the pooch. To do things right takes time. Months, even years. If Stripe isn't available in your country, maybe you should build it. Disclosure: I do not work for Stripe, but I've worked with their API as well as the APIs of Piryx/Rally and PayPal. Stripe's is the best (Piryx is a close second but they've transitioned to Rally and last I checked Rally didn't have an API), and I'm as huge a fan as I could be having never processed a penny of real money through their servers. Any idea if or when we'd be able to white label the account creation process and/or use the API to register users? I know it's a bit of a leap to get someone willing to sign up for my service just to have to say "okay, now you just need to sign up for this other service you've never heard of..." Completely OT but I really like your site's design. Thanks for the response, Amber. This is definitely the best alternative to just saying "I need you to create a Stripe account, come back when you've done it." Look at the pixels? Why are people like you incapable of having a debate about something on its merits, instead relying on straw man arguments and attacks? > So we should do away with all regulation then? The parent didn't say that and nobody outside of the former Paul campaign has ever suggested. This is exactly what I'm talking about. > Anyway we can sort out the details ... after the election Stop using month-old Democratic talking points for your arguments and maybe people would take you more seriously. > Plenty of nations ... have implemented national schemes ... and none of them suffer from the stuff that you read about coming from the right's bullshit machine. So there it is, the right's "bullshit machine" as you put it. Let's ignore the fact that the US is several times the size of any western European country, much less homogenous and with a greater income disparity even between the 2nd and 4th quintiles. But yes, because it works for 62 million Britons, clearly if someone doesn't think it will work for 312 million Americans they (a) are racist; (b) are stupid; (c) hate poor people; (d) all of the above. Why would you not punish people for late payment? There's really no need to be such an asshole. Because you can't just say "we're going to disrupt the way people campaign/vote/get elected." It is a staggeringly massive government bureaucracy even at the most local levels, and it prevents that kind of change at every point possible. Edit: Not to mention the fact that as much as we like to pretend all politicians and millionaire slime balls, they're working people providing for their families. Very few are going to entertain the idea of running their campaign in an entirely different way because chances are they'll lose their job if they do. > I don't see a reason you can't. I've worked on campaigns professionally from 2002-2010 and I've run local and state races, including my own for borough council and school board. Why can't we change the way campaigns are run? Campaigns would be the easy part to change, but even then it depends what you want to change. Are you talking about new technology? The Romney campaign is doing a decent job of utilizing technology in how they're collecting voter contact results from phones and doors, organizing volunteers and managing fundraisers. Obama did an excellent job as well in 2008, especially compared to the CF that was the McCain campaign. If you want to make changes to the way fundraising works and the influence of money in politics, it will need to be incremental. That isn't something you can just cut off overnight for several reasons, the two biggest being that (A) nothing happens overnight in Congress, and (B) Members of Congress would essentially be shutting down their means of securing re-election. Why can't we change the way people vote? For the same reason a PA court placed an injunction on that state's Voter ID law: you can't deprive an otherwise qualified individual of his or her constitutional right to vote. You want to have internet voting? You better have a plan to give everyone in the country high speed internet access and be prepared for the unrelenting torrent of lawsuits when the server goes down. I'd personally like to see internet voting someday, but you really need to have massive redundancy systems in place and plenty of checks to prevent fraud. What happens if the server is down all day? What about peak traffic? What if the database gets wiped 30 minutes before the end of voting? Anyone who knows about how government contracts are structured knows that would be an IBM and/or Diebold contract in the hundreds of billions. And it still wouldn't work. > I believe mass media dominate campaigns because of the sheer amount of money thrown into them. This statement makes it look like you think one is correlated to the other, which I'm not inclined to agree with. Because there's a lot of money in politics, that somehow means mass media "dominates" campaigns, whatever that means? I'm not sure what your alternative would be aside from information directly from the campaigns themselves (which is almost guaranteed to be skewed, if not incorrect). Half is optimistic. In non-presidential year congressional elections it's not uncommon to have less than 1 in 3 voting. In true off-year elections in odd years where most folks are voting on lower court judges (in my state, anyway), local representatives on councils and school boards, it's much closer to 1 in 5 or less. There are just over 600 people in my ward of my township. 67 people voted in 2011 for the Council seat that was up. It's disgusting. I would posit that the cause is somewhat different, though: the partisan zealots are the ones that vote in every single primary and general election. For those of you who vote for POTUS and that's all, there are actually two elections every year. The country as a whole I think is more moderate than 99% of our elected officials, but the country as a whole isn't voting. It's largely straight-ticket people voting, especially in off years. This results in Members of Congress becoming more extreme because those are the people voting for them. No. First of all, just because someone spends 18 hours a day on a computer does not mean they're a "native netizen." That's not a real thing. Secondly, you're still in [State/Country of residence] when you're online . Just because someone is checking Twitter in a bathroom in Minnesota does not mean they're no longer subject to laws and regulations in Minnesota. Are you going to school online or on campus? Full or part time? Working? I still don't understand why they're only limited to allowing developers from a few select employers and Stanford/MIT grads. I'll be the first to admit I don't really know anything about cross-datacenter redundancy; however, I always thought that was pretty high on the list once you had SaaS products that were pulling in enough revenue to warrant full-time employees outside of the founders. What are the reasons why you would choose not to do it? Are they all financial or are there other implications? Great explanation, thank you. Since you're violating Shutterstock's TOS I'd be curious to hear what you plan on doing with the logo and the "designer" who made it for you. A few points: You're not charging nearly enough. If you're good enough to build a startup's MVP there's no reason for you to charge less than $80-100/hr. It doesn't matter where you live, either; code written in New York City works the same way as code written in Omaha. I'm going to second the general consensus and say that no, you shouldn't, unless you're getting something else out of it with a potential upside above your current rate. If you're going to risk getting paid nothing more than a fraction of your already low rate, the upside needs to compensate for that. Personally, I don't think you should take equity. Too many startups fail and even for successful startups equity generally means squat unless you're raising a ton and can take some off the table, or you're profitable and can get a disbursement. If I were in your position, I'd agree to the $2k flat rate, capped at n hours (100?). If it goes over, $20/hr thereafter. Ask for a royalty off the top of every subscription/widget/sale, something like the lesser/greater of $x or y% depending on their model. Instead of someone skimming profits that will most likely never materialize, you're a cost of doing business before they become profitable. Asking for equity guarantees you a slice of what will most likely be nothing. Asking for a royalty gets you a small sum with every sale. And you've still got the $2k. I once very briefly considered taking a job in DC (I live in south central Pennsylvania). It would have been a 2 hour drive not accounting for traffic, then a 30-minute metro ride into the city. Accounting for traffic I'd likely have to be out the door between 4 and 4:30 just to make it into the office by 8. I didn't get anything of value here. The bullet points: * Most lists have a subscription rate of 1-2% * Most lists have an unsubscription rate of 1-3% * Not surprisingly, most lists aren't growing at all or are growing very slowly. This is probably not the best way to try to hijack this thread. If it was interesting and/or warranted discussion I'm sure folks would have started discussing it. What data source(s) did you use to display counties? I think it would be more horrible to expect everyone to get 85 regardless of whether they're starting at 82 or 52. Am I the only one that has no idea what in the hell this guy is talking about? There is not a single specific in the entire article. "I got a phone call about some bad stuff happening, so we talked to someone, but it wasn't tweeted, so everything was cool." Was this a particularly "niche-y" software that you had (perhaps unknowingly?) positioned yourselves as the leaders? Presumably it wasn't The Next Big To-Do App but something that gave quite a bit of value. It really is just a matter of charging more. Don't take more work for less than $ n an hour. Grandfather older clients in if you want, or don't if they're not the type of client you'd want to work with long term. As Patrick said in the article, there's no secret to charging more, except charging more. I have a full time job and have intentionally priced myself so that I only have one or two side jobs at any one time ($125/hr for PHP). I am also not actively seeking any work, the last couple jobs have been from existing clients or new ones that have former clients working there now. Given my experience with intentionally raising prices 30%+ across the board and taking 50 hours/week off the table, I have little doubt there's practically a line out Patrick's door with CEOs holding $10-50k checks in their hands. It appears the author of the article is throwing a hissy fit because of this comment and has deleted the article. > Bearing in mind, I’m the one who took the time to write a post, so I don’t have to tolerate bullshit comments. Apparently disagreeing with him/her is something (s)he doesn't have to tolerate. I would think it'd be closer to a mast/NJP (non-judicial punishment) where you basically get yelled at, get some sort of grunt duty (cleaning the latrine for a month?), maybe have a note in your file if the CO deems it severe enough. Oh, wow, "Enterprisons." You're quite witty and original, I must say. Shouldn't this be linked to the original Bloomberg article? He's a smart guy and a very hard worker; my only source of hesitation is that I don't have any evidence he's ever had any interest in startups/business ownership/etc. I didn't consider that he may not see a role for himself at the beginning (or even at all). He has already spoken to a couple potential customers to varying degrees of interest, ranging from "show me a working version" to "take my money now." Would it be better to have something like 0/1/2 which is essentially IRV, or some other method of point distribution among candidates? I know next to nothing about black holes, is there any relation between the size of a black hole and the amount of matter it's "swallowed?" What this intentional? My advice is to either (A) find a technical co-founder or (B) learn enough to be the technical co-founder. I don't believe the trial here requires a credit card until the trial is over (to continue using the service). It does, but not as much as most every other culture. I've worked places where 2/3 or more of the employees would go out drinking 2+ nights a week and others where you'd think everyone was a recovering alcoholic. I'd imagine positions that require a lot of networking and personal contacts (sales, Executive positions) would have more of this than your regular Joe grunt programmer. The point is that if your contribution ends at "this sucks," then you're not helping anyone out. What I took from this is to either provide helpful, constructive criticism, or be quiet and let the people actually doing something instead of complaining on Twitter do it. At least andrewkkirk wasn't the one that submitted it. This is just supposition, but I believe that it is also periodically increased. It was around 200 at one point, I think. As has been discussed multiple times on here and the original link, revenue != profit. Given the margins a company like Best Buy has to run to maintain competitive, it's almost assured that they made less than $27MM in profit off the program. Let's not forget that $5MM of that is non-compensatory damages, which are designed solely to punish the perpetrator (hence the term punitive ). I'm willing to bet the $5MM in punitive damages put Best Buy squarely in the red if they weren't there just after the $22MM. I don't think this is remotely relevant to this post, which about building a better UX in iOS applications. I agree that "better UX" is entirely subjective, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. My point was that this is a UX-centric discussion and a mini-rant about advertising and marketing isn't really germane. I wondering this while reading the introductory paragraphs. While I will keep the bookmark, it's good to know that I may need to reference the documentation a little more than I might for other frameworks. Exactly; the whole reason they're on this site is that the police can't find them. It's reasonable to believe a decent percentage of them would have no idea that they're wanted. You know what @jacques_chester said further up the page? This is what he was talking about. On the issue of price, is there avenue where someone can purchase the book and "upgrade" to the higher packages later? Is it considered fair use to go through WP/Freshbooks/Mailchimp pages in a commercial product like this? This seems like a pretty good idea; was it difficult to get used to jsFiddle on the phone? Not to mention the fact that there's a whole new level of security to try to prevent sharing of code and folks using it past licensure dates that you don't need to worry about with a subscription/SaaS model. I think most people who care about it would either (a) already have Authy installed, or (b) care enough that downloading another app isn't going to prevent them. When it's opt-in you're really not going to get a lot of people saying "Okay, I guess I'll do it if you make it really easy for me." It's either important or it's not. Most folks on HN would probably say it is and enable it as a matter of course, especially for a service with as much business value as Stripe. I don't know a single tool in that list outside of tangential experience with Ruby. I've worked in some combination of Java, Objective C, C#/VB, PHP, Python and several types of SQL over the last decade. I would hardly call myself a beginner. It doesn't mean this tutorial isn't useful, just that it's only useful for the extremely small subset of developers who happen to use Ruby, HAML, SASS, and CoffeeScript. Something gun control advocates seem to forget is that gun ownership is a Constitutional right for Americans. You cannot compare it to driving a car, or buying a television, or buying something from Amazon. If you're going to compare to something else for the purposes of limiting and regulating it, you need to compare to voting, assembling, practicing your faith or some other Constitutional right. When you are required to get a license to cast your ballot or attend your church, then you can make the argument for getting a license to purchase a firearm. And I welcome you to explain to me how my owning a particular type of firearms constitutes "threat of death or injury." Brandishing is already a crime, so I fail to see what point you're trying to make. A stolen weapon used to commit a crime does not constitute a crime on the part of the original owner. In my state there is no legally required way to store a firearm. Shooting someone accidentally certainly leaves the person operating the firearm open to civil litigation, and possibly criminal prosecution. I don't think anyone has every implied otherwise. All the regulations that have been mentioned refer to purchasing a firearm. If you want to require rifles be locked up at night, make the argument that it will help prevent theft. Don't make the argument that someone can't purchase it in the first place. I'm not a "2nd Amendment absolutist" as you put it, no more than I am a free speech or free press absolutist. I have no problem with licensure or registration so long as it's not prohibitive, and you will be hard pressed to find gun owners who say there are no responsibilities associated with gun ownership. To get a license to carry a concealed firearm in my state requires $20 and a few weeks while they do a cursory background check, depending on the county. To get a handgun or rifle takes half an hour for a phone call background check. If politicians like Sen. Feinstein would stop talking about banning weapons wholesale that had nothing to do with any recent tragedy, and instead talk about a national level of firearms reciprocity (while requiring locations like NYC, Chicago and DC to come up to par), you'd see folks on the Right move quickly and decisively to supporting more common sense gun regulations. Is there not a single unbiased sentence in this article? I'm no fan of the Surface or Windows 8, but this is just ridiculous. I don't think people are browsing cutting-edge websites on their call center computers. Is it randomly picking a country it "thinks" I'm from? I opened seven products in different tabs and it's defaulting to US, Netherlands, Belgium, Russian Federation, US, US, and China. Sorry, maybe I'm not understanding you correctly, but if you accept a chargeback why would you get that money back? Isn't that essentially Stripe refunding a customer because that customer says you shouldn't have charged them in the first place? It most certainly is not. It's up there with "irregardless," "supposably," and "pacifically/the Specific Ocean." If you're a native English speaker there is absolutely no excuse for that kind of ignorance. Don't get me wrong, I love Stripe and despise PayPal, but Stripe is definitely not cheaper. It is at best the same price, but with high volume of sales is a decent amount more expensive than PayPal. If you're going to spout off nonsense like the folks at the Discovery Institute, I feel little remorse when you are publicly ridiculed. Edit: In my haste I think my reply may have been a little tangential. Intelligent Design is absolutely ridiculous. It carries no basis in scientific theory or observation. It is at best bad science and thinly veiled political and religious dogmatism, and at best a celebration of ignorance. If you want to believe the Earth is flat, or sitting on the shell of a turtle, or 6,000 years old, go for it. You can believe whatever you want. But when you start saying that publicly funded science classrooms should be teaching that drivel, you deserve every ounce of the hate, ridicule and ostracism that is coming your way. The last time legislation was posted in a knee-jerk fashion was 2001. Are you a fan of the Patriot Act? Nothing will be lost by having a sensible discussion and resisting the urge to pass whatever half-baked legislation gets written up the quickest. Hate is an intentionally strong word; I don't actually "hate" people that believe in ID. That being said, trying to get ID and other religiously-motivated nonsense into schools is a direct threat to everything those schools stand for. Edit: type fix. Unless you exclude suicide, in which case you see as more and more millions of guns are produced every year, murder (and even homicide overall, which includes self defense and accidental homicide) rates are at their lowest point since any time between 1998 and 2004 depending on which specific metric you look at. It is intellectually dishonest to include suicide when talking about "gun deaths." Is that 40% your required payment for SL? Especially with almost no safety net, you gain very little (and stand to lose quite a bit) by over-paying student loan debt unless you have a preposterously high interest rate. 100%? Of course not. The vast majority? I'm willing to bet, yes. The reason I think it's intellectually dishonest has nothing to do with suicide itself. When someone behind a keyboard or behind a news desk talks about gun-related deaths or gun violence, the image is of armed robberies, execution-style murder, and more recently the crazy white kid with the assault rifle. If you live in certain parts of the US you might think of gang violence. It does not evoke a mental image of the divorced alcoholic ending his life with a revolver, or the undiagnosed depressed college student with his dad's handgun. These are two thirds of gun-related deaths, and they're cheapened when pundits and members of Congress use them to try and score political points. This is an interesting statistic. What is the source, the WHO? I have no professional need for a book like this, but I enjoy Patrick's writings and have learned many things I can apply to my "real" work (internal BigCo applications). I may not buy this any time soon, but for anyone on the fence for whom this book is directly related to your work, buy it immediately and don't put it down until you're done. That makes sense. It sounds like you've got your stuff in order, but just in case I'd recommend running the numbers on that extra $200 to see if there's any place it could do you more good. While I feel for your colleague, I have to wonder why he didn't have a backup if these files were important enough to spend several days trying to get them back.[1] [1] http://www.jwz.org/doc/backups.html I would take a look at the link in my comment, there is a neat way to using external drives for Mac and Linux. I'm sure there's a similar way to schedule it in Windows, and I wish the author had gone into that instead of his tongue in cheek bashing, but I don't know it off the top of my head. I upvoted the article just because of your ignorant comment. It's not down, he sold it. Would that site be of any interest to HN or is it a niche site? I purchased my home in an oldish (early 1920's) area a little more than a year ago. We knew exactly what we wanted and that helped tremendously: * Price we were willing to pay "out the door" (a hard, absolute max that wouldn't leave us in dire straits if one of us lost our job) * How much work we were willing to do after the sale * Tied in with the above, a minimum 1-year, preferably 2-year warranty on major repairs paid for by the seller * Within a 30 minute rush-hour commute to the furthest employer * 30-year mortgage that we can afford to pay off in 15 years * Any school district except the worst few in the area (no kids yet, but this is our first home and we'll have it 5-10 years; when we move kids will be just entering the equation and we need to plan that we may not be willing or able to move) As with any negotiation, the most important thing is knowing exactly what you need, what you want, and what you can (and will) spend. The hardest part (for me anyway) is getting a deal that is everything I need, most of what I want but is 2% more expensive than my max and still being willing to walk away. > How is it excusable [...] The simple answer is "it's not." You're completely right that the people who do this crap are immature, irresponsible and have no business having the financial well-being of their employees in their hands. If you've got $10k earmarked and you need it for something else (such as electricity), it's your responsibility to contact the vendor, cancel work immediately , pay whatever portion of the $10k you're legally obligated to pay them because you signed a goddamned contract and hope that you have enough left over for whatever you need. My consulting contract specifically states that not only is the agreement between myself and the client company, but also between myself and the client company's principal(s) personally. I make it exceedingly clear both in the contract and in face-to-face discussions that I run a business, I'm not in the business of doing work without getting paid, and I will not waste months trying to get my money before turning to more serious measures (such as litigation, which has only had to happen once and was settled for the full amount within 24 hours of the original summons). Did you read the article? All of his clients operate in countries where gambling is legal. Most of his clients don't even operate casinos themselves. One would think quite the opposite, since presumably you'd be sitting at a desk while reading them. You are apparently not aware that the author himself created it as satire as part of a programming competition/game. Do you seriously not see the difference between John having $500 in the bank account and not being able to retain a private attorney and Jack having $500MM in the bank, but it gets frozen by the FBI , removing his ability to retain the attorney he's used for the past 20 years, just to have the FBI possibly give the money back after the case is over (without interest and after Jack's lost his house, mind you). Edit: I'd love for you to explain your rationale rather than just downvoting me. Fair point. If I could still edit I'd soften it up a bit (and delete the edit since it's above 0 again). It does exactly that, which is why I don't think it belongs on HN. I didn't click on that link to listen to someone I've never heard of complain about a service I've never heard of. I was expecting an intelligent opinion (and in these comments, a discussion) about what exactly "extraordinary support" means. Anyway, I think you're exactly right. This is the only way I was able to quit smoking. At its height it was about a pack a day (18-20). Every few days I'd reduce that daily number by one. Eventually it got to the point where a pack would last long enough that the last few cigarettes were stale and I'd have to throw the pack out. It doesn't take too long at that pace to just quit altogether. No, write half of one. At least in the case of 24bit PNGs, you (always) end up with 4x the pixels (2x width and 2x height) and (generally) end up with about 1.8x the size due to more efficient compression. This is definitely something that I think has been overlooked in this thread. If you're dealing with serious money (to the point where an individual is unlikely to be willing and able to spend that kind of money) the odds of even being able to use a credit card are slim to none. Enterprise companies do not generally use credit cards for large purchases. You're better off making sure you can handle POs and ACH (which for the life of me I couldn't tell you how to do outside of "try Dwolla"). I'm willing to bet this hour-old user account with one post is a shill. Paying sticker on a college education is like paying above sticker on a car. The college I went to was a private institution and had a sticker price of $35k my freshman year and over $40k my senior year. Room and board and textbooks were additional. I took loans for everything not covered by scholarships or grants and I owe barely $20k. Why is a ~130-column line of code necessary a bad thing? I'm not saying it's good and that we should shoot for any specific number, but I don't see why shorter necessarily means better. Disclaimer: I've been doing this for all of ~5 years so I have no experience with older terminal-style programming. What browser are you using? There's a background image. Perhaps defined-benefit retirement plans should not be in the public sector since they haven't been in the vast majority of the private sector for quite some time. Oh, so I guess there would be no recourse should NY pass a law outlawing newspapers, or barring the assembly of more than two people at any time? The Constitution absolutely does limit federal and state (and county, and municipal, and every ) government. It clearly limits the federal government more but to say the second amendment isn't limiting states (either via text or SCOTUS case law) is not true. > Period, end of story. Despite flailing politicians on both sides of the aisle, the Constitution is not as clear-cut as that. First of all, I don't know about you, but I don't come to HN and try to have a somewhat intelligent conversation just to be called stupid for expressing an opinion. Secondly and to your point, I am only speaking of defined-benefit "If you work here for x years you get y% of your salary." This is to say nothing of the health care (which is generally better than the private sector), the hours (which if you don't work for a legislator are generally better than the private sector), the guaranteed pay raise every year, the access to jobs you can only apply to if you already have a state job, and various small perks like free or cheap parking, food, etc. These are all benefits of the job and I had to take a serious look at the health care and hours for a state job when deciding between that and a corporate offer. I'm not here to argue whether or not defined-benefit retirement plans are inherently good or bad. I'm saying it's irresponsible and dangerous for a state to guarantee by law that they'll pay anyone a fixed amount of money for decades at some distant point in the future. This is why it's most dangerous. If the state gets bankrupted by some unforeseen catastrophe 30 years from now, it can't suspend, eliminate or trim pension payouts. Not even $0.01. By definition the fact that pensions offer better retirement income than defined-contribution plans like a 401k should be a giant red flag. The system implodes if you can't at least break even off of it, and if it was possible to make money off of them the private sector would still be using them. It completely baffles me how any person who can add could look at state budgets in our country and come to the conclusion that our problem isn't guaranteeing massive levels of debt for work done decades ago. If I had to pick one thing I dislike about HN, this is it. Not everybody works for a startup, and not everybody works in San Francisco. The majority of programmers work in 9-5 office jobs where if you left every day at 4 PM you'd be fired as soon as your supervisor(s) caught on. It doesn't mean you're working outside of IT (although that's likely) and it sure as hell doesn't mean you're working in an old fashioned company. Do you think any bank, healthcare provider, or BigCo business lets the programmers come in whenever they want and leave whenever their work is "done?" > Which I didn't suggest, I think? I didn't mean to suggest you said everybody works for a startup or in SF, but the tone of the post was such that I felt you were implying most (or even a large minority) of programmers do. > No, that's why I qualified my comment with "In modern IT-companies". Upon rereading it a few times, it's likely I misunderstood the tone of your comment, but I took it to mean essentially "this is how it is for the majority of programmers[, and if it's any other way that's ridiculous and there's no reason for it]." I have lived and worked my entire life on the east coast of the US. Because I'm not in NYC which is probably the closest the SF this side of Austin, the odds of me getting a job where I'm not required to be in my chair from 8 AM to 5 PM is slim to none. I think even across the US that sort of freedom only applies to a very slim (and very lucky) minority. We're both lucky then in terms of programmers in BigCos. I'm a developer in a non-IT Fortune 1k company and it's very much the same here (honestly I didn't expect BOA would be that good to you). Truthfully, if I had to leave at 1 PM I'd probably have to take a half day of vacation, but 3-4 PM? Hasn't been a problem the few times I've asked. 3-4 PM every day? "Get out of my office." Someone please write an algorithm that tests HN comment submissions against the transcripts of both Fox News and MSNBC. If your comment text appears in either, it doesn't get posted. As was said elsewhere in the thread, they are safety fires and the whole operation would be incredibly dangerous without them. s/Backers/"People who just pre-ordered something that doesn't exist yet" I thought the whole point of Kickstarter was to "kickstart" your project with an infusion of cash allowing you to quit your job/outsource more work/whatever to get to market? I never understood how people can do work for a company then be upset that that work becomes to the company and not them. The guy seems to be complaining that he can't show Apple's IP on his website? Come on. I'd imagine there's quite a bit of room for innovation from both a design and technical perspective in that space given the stigma around working in it. I feel like it's the copy equivalent of that old story about the new "developer" deleting a bunch of braces at the end of the file because he didn't like the way they looked. Mind sharing the github link? 20-25% is about average for non-pension expenditures on police. It's easy to lose context of just how massive a part of PA Philadelphia is. The city proper alone has more than 10% of the state's population (1.5MM to PA's ~12.7). Add in the other PA counties and you're close to 4. Add in the out-of-state parts of the Metropolitan area and you're quickly closing in on 6. I've always felt safe when I've been there but given the sheer volume of people, I'd surprised they're not spending a larger amount of police forces. > Code is never personal. Whatever I say about your code has nothing to do with you. I've heard this repeated ad nauseum (not just in this thread) and I think it's total crap. You cannot tell me that if you spend dozens of hours writing something then someone comes along and goes line by line telling you how what you wrote is an abomination that you're not going to have an emotional response. If that's the case it has to go the other way as well. Just finish writing a new process that will save the company $30k a month? Doesn't matter. If your code doesn't have anything to do with you then it's not an accomplishment to write good code (I don't believe this). Just to be clear, I do think code is personal but I do think people should welcome any constructive feedback, particularly the negative. Yes I feel a twinge in my ego any time someone criticizes my code, even minor stuff; but guess what? When they look at it next time they won't be able to make the same criticism, because I will have fixed it. Involving a firearm in the commission of a crime is an instant ticket on the Felony Express. If he hadn't had a gun (first offense or not, discharged or not, loaded or not, real or not) he likely would have been out a long time ago. When you have a gun in that situation the number of things that can go wrong increases by an order of magnitude. The adrenaline could make him pull the trigger when he didn't really mean to. Someone in the bank tackling him could make it go off. Hell, it could jam and he could blow his own hand off. I'm glad he's turned his life around but we can't have people committing armed robbery and going back out onto the street in three months. Exactly what @tomjen3 said. Even if you have a plastic toy you spray painted black, that's the same thing as having one in the chamber. The teller still thinks s/he is going to die. You mean instead of the "let's take a step backward and give you a tiny window in the bottom right corner of your screen?" That would be nice. I think the biggest risk to that is battery life. Also, am I the only person who gets seriously bothered by profession-looking websites or applications that list the dollar sign after a price? I think sometimes people confuse "proprietary" with "this is mine and you can't touch and I'm going to smack you if you try." I completely agree that if you're the target of an investigation and force the police to get a warrant and then assert the 5A right, you're in for a world of hurt if things go south. I do not, however, think retaining counsel will engender the ire of the police or the prosecution. If it would have any effect, I think it would be in the fact that one the whole 99.9%+ of non-lawyers would make terrible defense counsel and the prosecution would get away with things a barred attorney would be objecting to (within reason from the judge, of course). This is fantastic. This conference would not be terribly beneficial to me, but if I knew a germane conference was doing this I'd be more likely to go, just to support them. It's generally considered poor form to create a novelty account just to comment on a posting here. Did anyone happen to post a mirror or have a cached version? I'm getting a timeout. I agree that the noise alone is enough to ditch the idea (above a certain number of employees), and I get where you're coming from with open-back visibility, but I think that has more to do with culture than the physical layout of the office space. If the company culture is such that taking a 20-minute break to browse HN is going to get you dirty looks or called into a VP's office, having cubicles or offices isn't going to change that. But what in the world does an open office plan do to make cardiac issues more dangerous? Granted his wife was distraught when she wrote that, but semantically speaking if you get hit by a bus you don't know what you won't be able to say goodbye. It sounds like it was either a terminal illness of some sort or his own decision, but frankly the cause is irrelevant. I never heard of him until today but it sounds like he was a good man and it's a shame for his family, friends and the community. I know you think you're being funny but all you're doing is displaying your ignorance for everyone to see. The graphs bother me. Okay, so 61 Python developer positions offer 0.5-1% and 59 offer 0.25-0.5%; presumably 0.5% is more common than 0.49 or 0.51, so where is 0.5 categorized? Which value is inclusive in the range and which is exclusive? Since the graphs tend to be split on relatively common values they don't add much insight to the job postings. Now what about 0.401%? Kidding :) I don't think there's an issue with saying "you're getting a 0 on the exam until you furnish proof of death and proof of relation, at which point you can (re)take the exam." Surely even the most bureaucratic university would have some mechanism in place to allow a student to take an exam, even a final, later than planned (or even the next semester?) We simply don't work with designers who can't go from wireframe to PSD to fully-functional HTML and CSS on their own. There are simply too many designers who understand that HTML and CSS are not "coding," they're designing, and they're part of the craft. For every ten good designers who are PSD-only, there are at least as many who will send you HTML and CSS and probably 2-3 who are capable of building a template in your framework/CMS of choice. My last subcontractor was a very good designer based out of Iowa who specialized in CodeIgniter templates. I've worked with similar folks who specialized in WordPress themes or in .NET Master Page/template setups. Come on. The tone of the article is clearly "TWC is a bunch of evil bastards and they're only doing this because of new competition and they're assholes and this is something they could have done years ago and they just didn't because they're greedy!!1" Which is not really the case. Why would a Dutch company operating a .com on a US server, or an American company operating a .com (or .nl for that matter) on a Dutch server not be exempt? I'm not arguing either way, and truthfully I'm not sure how I feel about it, but it gets hard to determine jurisdiction when you're talking about an entity (owner + domain + site files/server) being split across multiple jurisdictions. Where are there resources someone can look at to not do those stupid things? I've wanted to use Tor for a while but I always got the impression it was a waste of time because it seems pretty easy to (not) do something that destroys the anonymity. While I agree that it's not as cut-and-dry "driving to an office in an anachronism!" as most on HN would like it to be, you're not going to win any converts by quoting studies from 1972 and 1977. Most importantly, not every project (nor startup, nor business) needs "the very best" engineers. Not every startup is changing the world, and even among the ones that are I'm sure you can pick out a few that aren't solving massively complex technical challenges that will be discussed in lecture halls for decades. The majority of good startups are just making money (sometimes not even that) until they get acquired. Secondly, you're assuming that the best developers are going to be more introverted than the developer culture/profession as a whole, which I don't think is accurate. > Whenever I've seen this done, the very best employees leave. I took this to mean (a) be relative to the office specifically, not the industry generally, and (b) that those very best will get sick of the required face time, quit, and get a better job (the insinuation being that that better job will likely be majority or entirely telecommuting. I may have misunderstood the intent as I commented pretty much immediately after reading it. Compared to secretarial work? Absolutely. Compared to working on an oil rig in the gulf? Come on. I eat out a lot because I'm a terrible cook. Even given my lack of culinary skills, I never get salads or burgers because I can make that stuff at home. That's why I am stingy as hell with software. I don't pay for anything because I know I could build it myself if I really needed it. It's worked well so far and it's a big reason why most of the $ I spend on software is for games. But I'll be damned if I didn't read this and think "I'd pay a little bit of money for that." I've been following Nathan's work here on HN for a while, and I think that son of a bitch finally got me. :) Good luck, Nathan; I'm looking forward to see what comes out of CK. Might want to edit your post (if you're still able) to include location and if you're accepting remote or H1B, etc. Not only that, but someone born and raised in Los Angeles is going to have nothing in common with someone born in Oregon, or Tennessee, or Michigan, or Vermont. > Almost everyone who has ever lived (and almost everyone living today) would consider themselves lucky to have the spending power of an American on minimum wage. And those people you're speaking of live in rural China or sub-Saharan Africa. Someone is not "lucky" by any global standard to be making minimum wage delivering pizzas in NYC or LA. I wasn't around at that point, but I disagree with you. Let me explain why. You shouldn't downvote a comment because it "has too many points." If you think a post deserves a downvote, do so. Whether 25 or five or zero people before you thought so shouldn't play any role in how you perceive the quality of that post. Does the ADA apply to websites hosted within the US? I don't know who told you that but they're wrong. Semesters by definition are about 15 weeks long. Some schools (like RIT) operate on shorter quarter schedules of ~9 weeks, but this is definitely not the norm. This is pretty cool. I'd be interested in reading a blog post about how you did this, pitfalls you encountered, etc. In the very first paragraph, the author derides people for not making these types of decisions from a mathematical standpoint. He then goes on to say that 15% of $125,000 is $25,000. I use LESS a lot; with my dual monitor setup I have my IDE on the the left and the browser on the right. If you add #!watch to the end of the url and refresh the page, it will poll any LESS file linked in the page once a second and display changes without needing a refresh. Is it just me or is there no easy way to just browse through currently available designs (not the featured area below the CTA)? You know if Nissan Motors didn't exist there would not be a gigantic advertisement on the front page. It's his. He can do with it what he pleases. If he wants to keep it, it should be his prerogative. If he wants to say "I'm happy to keep it, unless you happen to have half a million Euros lying around" he should be able to do that as well. In the end, FMP is determined by what anyone is willing to pay. I'm not familiar with Select2, but it's easy enough to fix this if you don't have a lot of content in .modal-body; simply define overflow: visible and it will render outside of the container. I understand that Mercator isn't the most accurate representation, but seriously, "greater good?" There are a lot of things that I think Google can do "for greater good," and changing how they show a map isn't even in the first hundred pages. This has been said numerous times on HN and elsewhere, but I would love to see what your pricing structure is outside of "starts at $12/month." I'm not going to give you my information just to see a pricing chart. Square dimensions = 2 Cube dimensions = 3 3/2 = 1.5 Cube dimensions = 1.5x Square dimensions I think trademark infringement is definitely too strong. That being said, I think it's a stupid name. "Oh look we're going to be marginally competitive to Square, we're going to offer more than Square .. CUBE!" No. It's an unoriginal, hackish name, but at the end of the day it looks like it could be a decent product. > Why should these cases linger for so long? While I don't know that this was case with Aaron's case (I assume it was), most federal cases are incredibly complex and take a competent attorneys weeks just to get up to speed. Justice is not about arriving at a decision quickly, but arriving at the correct decision. > Why can't we create have a hacker legal defense fund that would keep cases like this from bankrupting defendants? Nobody says you can't, but I know I wouldn't put money into it. You don't get to do something like that and cherry pick who gets to use it. Criminals will use it to pay for a better attorney. > Why should expert legal advice be only available to those who can afford it? Because expert legal minds are not content to earn $50,000 a year, and with what it costs to attend the best law schools (and even mediocre undergraduate institutions) it's ridiculous to expect them to. > What should we tell a friend who is planning to commit a crime on behalf of a cause? That if they're not willing to pay the full price they probably shouldn't do it. > Was Aaron's cause worth anyone's life? This should be a question for everyone, not just prosecutors. This is where I start to get twitchy with the general consensus on HN. Aaron was not murdered. His death was not an accident. He chose to take his own life, so clearly to him this cause was worth that, or at the very least it was preferable to him going to prison. > Is any middle ground possible in the conflict between rights holders and advocates of free information? Not so long as rights holders are hell bent on perpetuating a business model from the 1920s, and not so long as free information activists are hell bent on not respecting the personal (intellectual) property rights of others, including corporations. Aren't we to the point yet that if you see a page with next to no content it's pretty much assumed to start scrolling? Not to mention the fact that most people use browsers that display the scroll bar.. I switch back and forth between a crappy desktop PC at work and a nice desktop PC/Macbook Air at home so I'm familiar with Apple thinking it's a good idea to hide scroll bars. That always bothered me. It should be noted that this article is over a year old and is referring to Bootstrap 1.0 Personally I think Foundation looks nicer than Bootstrap, but maybe that's because it's not as ubiquitous. In FF 16 there is a CSS issue with the logout button when you hover on the border. Not sure if that's Foundation or your implementation but it doesn't seem to happen on the new server button. It looks nice but I really have no idea what it does. The logo links to # so I can't get to any sort of production description, value proposition or CTA. Because somebody who owns a condo and is there for 3 weeks a year is sucking up city resources as fast as they can? I'm sorry but this is just wrong on every level imaginable. > If she is burdened by property taxes, it's because she's living in an extraordinarily valuable house. Or because she's been on a fixed income for several years. Or because she has a lot of medical bills, as most older folks do. Or because any of a myriad of other reason that would cause someone with a piece of land to not be swimming in a pile of gold coins. > Since property taxes are in the neighborhood of 1% of value, and real estate prices in NYC go up by several percent per year, I can't speak to the real estate prices or property taxes so I'll take you at your word here. > your sainted grandmother I think we can all go without sarcastic ad hominems against our grandmothers . Jesus Christ. > could borrow the money to pay the property taxes, against the property, and the increase in property value would more than pay the taxes. For me, this is just the pièce de résistance of this entire convoluted argument. The idea that someone who is having trouble paying property taxes should get a loan and pay the property taxes plus interest is just laughable. > Rich grandmothers are not actually a problem we need to solve. You're assuming that because someone owns property in NYC that they're rich, which is clearly not the case, especially if they've been there for half a century. Then we'll all be better off when you go the way of the dinosaurs. > but payment alleviates conscience. That's disgusting. The sidewalk thing varies by municipality (at least in my state), but I get your point. I don't think I understand your point. I get what you're saying regarding increased consumption, a lot of people have argued that point. What does distribution of wealth have to do with changes in productivity as it relates to increased workplace automation? Protected speech? Since Reddit isn't the federal government, I fail to see the issue with them deciding what forms of speech are and are not acceptable for their forum. These posts are all meaningless drivel. Does anyone really care what chair someone sits on? Whether they use a MacBook Air or a MacBook Pro? Yes, you use 1Password. We get it. Having politicians appoint people they know is not going to be demonstrably better than having those same politicians ask people they know to run for that office instead. Not to mention that it's illegal. You cannot turn someone away who wants to pay with cash, that whole "legal tender" thing. Thank you for this. From the relevant paragraph: > This statute means that all United States money as identified above are a valid and legal offer of payment for debts when tendered to a creditor. There is, however, no Federal statute mandating that a private business, a person or an organization must accept currency or coins as for payment for goods and/or services. Private businesses are free to develop their own policies on whether or not to accept cash unless there is a State law which says otherwise. How does one set this up? I really should check for duplicates before upvoting something.. I don't know if this is a Silicon Valley thing or what, but the idea that someone would basically do a day's unpaid work on projects they know nothing about with three different people is just about the most foreign thing I can think of. That being said, I've never done any pairing so maybe it would work better in that type of environment. In the OP's defense, most people who like tofu will try to prove to you that it is superior. :) Is $4.50 a rounding error on $150? To pretty much everyone, yes it is. How would something track (to use your example) cramping? Short of having a device where you press an "I have cramps" button then press it again when they go away, I'm not sure how any type of software could support your specific example. That being said, personal health tracking is definitely a area of interest, and Fitbit and others have proven that there's money to be had and good to be done. I can only speak of physician's offices but I would imagine the process is much the same in hospitals, if more bureaucratic. Before a test or lab is ordered, or before a specialist visit is scheduled, one of the assistants needs to verify that your insurance will actually cover the procedure. Typically this means the assistant needs to call the insurance provider, give them your information and what procedure(s) they are checking on. Insurers provide this data but there are close to a dozen disparate standards and formats. Eligible consolidates all that into a REST API that developers can build applications on top of. From what I can tell this is definitely not for the healthcare industry, but for our industry to build healthcare applications. I have no affiliation with Eligible, but I've been working in healthcare IT for several years, although not at the startup level. Maybe you should try actually providing constructive criticism for the submitted link instead of this hurr USA insurance is dumb meme garbage. Think of the kind of person for whom deciding whether or not to cross the street is so mentally taxing that it's a net gain to not. Those are not the kind of people for whom that extra brain power will do any good. All the owners of the site would need to do is add this line to their HTML No. If they're in a situation like this, it's incredibly unlikely that anyone has the knowledge necessary to do this, let alone the time, inclination, or (perhaps most importantly for enterprise companies) business approval. The vast majority of enterprises cannot just publish production code at their own discretion. That's a really good idea. I could see a small Arduino board with wifi and a FlexiForce[0] (just the first thing that came up in Google for "Arduino weight sensor"), and like you said a mobile component that would either be a stopwatch to actually log or a time entry for past movements (or when you didn't have your phone, etc). My sister has Crohn's and one of college roommates had UC so I'm somewhat familiar with it. My contact info is in my profile if you want to talk about this more. [0] http://bildr.org/2012/11/flexiforce-arduino/ I'd like to see a source for Romney outspending the Obama team "at least" 10x, because while I can speak from experience that ORCA was a gigantic piece of shit, it's not like the Obama people were struggling to pay their bills. Not everyone has the luxury of applying for a job and telling the folks at the company that you "do not even bother" with resumes. I actually had that post in my mind when writing my reply, but I assumed r00fus was referring to ORCA and Narwhal specifically. > ... what the Obama team did for their Narwhal infrastructure - they staged outages and random failures to prepare for their big day, meanwhile Romney's team who outspent the Obama team at least an order of magnitude, had their system fail on e-day. Have you decided on what formats and/or third party services you will be exporting to? This is more a UI/theme issue than anything else, but clicking a footnote places that citation behind the sticky header/search bar in FF17 I don't think that's how recording laws work. Regardless, my impression from the latest Verge piece on Glass is that there is an external light when recording. I've always been interested in those first few days/weeks/months for dating applications. What's it like running a dating site with 30 members? Obviously locality makes it a lot easier but even then, there had to be a point where you had 5 users and nobody else. How do you get past that? This sounds like it'd make a good blog post. Because nobody cares about your world view. From the HN submission guidelines[0]: > ... please use the original title, unless it is misleading or linkbait. [0] http://ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html My goodness, a whole year. People bitch and moan about Microsoft being closed off from the rest of the development community, then when they offer the rest of the development community a way to use VS to write in their language of choice, they get this crap. A lot of what Microsoft does is shit, but the constant and pointless anti-MS circle jerking is ridiculous. What evidence do you have to suggest that a Martian impact will result in subsequent impacts on Earth? I'm starting to hate Stripe threads because all it becomes is people complaining it's not available in their country. And of course people complaining about people complaining about it not being available in their country. Yes, how dare people make money. Those bastards! Oh don't get me wrong, I know if I was in any sort of leadership role at Stripe I'd love reading all the comments. Where I'm coming from is (a) I'm sure the folks at Stripe know that there is a high demand for them outside of the North America (and now the UK), and (b) Is another comment on an HN thread saying "please come to [my country of residence]" going to change the pace or manner in which Stripe is rolled out internationally? I doubt it, but I've been wrong before. You guys are doing a fantastic job. Keep it up! I think claiming Groupon is a scam is a pretty subjective statement. And the answer to your question is never all three :) That'll teach me to upvote after reading two sentences... So what does it take for one to differentiate themselves? The fact that someone has a degree in Philosophy or Classical Literature doesn't mean that they're not qualified to be a developer, provided that they've proven they can do the work and know the language(s) in question . There's no inherent reason you can't practice law or medicine without the appropriate degree outside of the ABA and the AMA saying you can't (actually, you need a license; it just so happens that the professional degree is a requirement to obtain the license, but that's just semantics). I say this as someone with a liberal arts degree from a podunk school nobody has ever heard of, and I know for a fact I'm more knowledgeable than at least one or two of the "senior" folks who are multiple steps up the promotion ladder from me. I'm in the fortunate position that my actual supervisor is smart and technical, was a developer at a Fortune 10 company in his past and does zero direct technical work today. We have developers in my office who have degrees in Computer Science, Philosophy, Political Science, Accounting and one guy who doesn't have any degree or relevant certifications. Nobody here is what I would consider a bad programmer. Everyone can hold their own building an application or writing a SQL routine. Some are better than others, but I haven't seen any correlation between field of study and skill (or even domain knowledge). I don't see how judging an applicant or coworker based on a degree they got years ago (sometimes decades) fixes any of the issues with our[0] industry, and I don't see how raw technical skill makes someone more or less able to lead technical people. To use an example from elsewhere in this discussion, debugging a VPN connectivity issue quickly doesn't mean you'd make a great manager of developers. It's a different skill set and it doesn't mean that "unqualified people [are] pulling the string." [0] Because whether you like it or not, it is our industry even though according to you I don't have the "credentials" to be in it. You do realize that "Taxation is theft" is about the least liberal thing a person could say, right? And prior to FDR the Democratic party was the party of small government. I'm referring the United States in the present day, where (generally speaking) the word liberal refers to Democrats more often than Republicans, and the idea that taxation is theft is an order of magnitude more closely associated with the latter than the former. Classical liberalism : The word "liberal" in common discourse :: Classical literature : Harry Potter It's really not. If a company has a remote employee and wants that employee to come to the home office for a day/week/month, it's ridiculous for anyone to think for even a moment that the company wouldn't pay for everything. Unfortunately that doesn't do anybody any good when you Ctrl+F "unsub" and click that link. Given the choices (A) Learn the obviously important skill (because if it was unimportant, there would be zero market for things like this) (B) Hire a designer (which isn't always a "load of money") (C) Spend $130 on this I'd pretty much do them in that order. If this was a free product, I'd be all for it. It would be awesome to see more free iOS native app templates. But it's not free and that's an issue. Assuming this becomes successful, this will be the Bootstrap of iOS themes and half the apps out there will look identical. The brave ones will be a different color. I think Bootstrap is okay because it can be used as a stepping stone (or the basis for a more comprehensive (custom) design). I use it on a project when I have every intention of redesigning or having it redesigned later after the proof of concept is fleshed out. People are not going to spend $130 on a theme and redesign it 6 months later. There will be no iteration or redesign because the fact that there is a price associated with this means it's "good enough." You can get a skilled art student or brand new contractor to design a custom interface for 10x this or less. Hell, you can crowd source this on a site like 99designs for $600. I'm all for making money and I hope the OP is successful. This looks well designed and I'm sure there is a market for it. That doesn't mean that it's the best option, or even a particularly good one, if you have the slightest bit of talent or money. And if you're really so broke that you're considering a $130 theme, I don't see why $600 for a custom theme that much worse. Wait two more months and save the extra money. We have plenty of apps in the meantime. I don't think it's unreasonable to believe that if you can spend $130 on an interface for an iOS app, you can just as easily spend $600 a few months from now on a better one. Let's completely ignore the ridiculous Die Hard reference for a second. I don't know how I feel about drones, but it seems a large part of the opposition is the unmanned part. I have two problems with this argument: (1) They're not unmanned. Somebody is actively controlling them. (2) Why does a pilot make a difference? Pilot's don't get a choice in their targets. This isn't a movie where pilots can decline to fire on a target. They'd certainly get a court martial, their career would be ruined, their life would be ruined with a dishonorable discharge, and depending on the circumstances they very well could go to prison. So, I guess the reason I feel somewhat indifferent to drones is that I don't really get the main point of opposition. What makes a drone so much different than planes? It doesn't create business but it does get the founders a paycheck. The more startup stuff I read the more I think a lot of founders are just in it to get investment and draw a salary from that while they around bloviating about the latest buzzwords rather than either building a business or getting a job. Why is this a link to Lifehacker instead of the actual product?[0] [0] http://screenhero.com/ But that's not an argument against drones, that's an argument against large-scale government surveillance. Ignoring whether or not you think government surveillance is a positive, negative, or neutral, the fact that a piece of technology makes it easier doesn't mean that technology is bad. Edit: I'm not an expert in either field, but I imagine a similar argument could be made against satellites. That doesn't mean we should have a filibuster against GPS and Sirius. God I hate analogies. Neither, because if you're using the latter there's only ever one correct way to go about a project, and if you're using the former you get festering piles of shit but hey at least the work got done! No Erlang? This looks well done. Good job. The methodology here is incredibly flawed. (1) Legislative strength is based solely on the number of laws, not those laws content or intent. It's an objective measurement, sure, but having a dozen laws related to firearms is not inherently more gun control than three laws. (2) The quartiles aren't. Q1 is 0-2 laws (3); Q2 is 3-4 laws (2); Q3 is 5-8 laws (4); Q4 is 9-24 laws (16). So a random number between 0 and 24 is twice as likely to fall into Q3 than Q2, and is about twice as likely to fall into Q4 than any of the other three? Interesting that a pro gun control group would try to paint the states in Q1-3 as outliers. I live in PA, which somehow has the same legislative strength rating as California and Massachusetts. I can say beyond a shadow of a doubt that that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever read. Purchasing my hand gun took all of half an hour, most of that waiting for the background check to finish. To get a concealed carry permit (which admittedly varies by county) took a single-page application, $20 and a week or so for the paperwork. This is just a joke. A lot of games are copied, but it's a fallacy to assume that pirating a game means you won't buy it, or that attempting to pirate a game and being prevented (by DRM or some other means) means you'll buy it instead. In college I pirated games quite a bit. I never bought one, nor would I have. The short version is that the server performance for SC was so bad that EA took them down for maintenance. The maintenance message also had an error in it, something to the effect of "Servers will return at " I've seen pirated copies of (single-player only) BF3. What about the DRM is so different between that and Sim City? I agree. I do think the effect of piracy on a company's bottom line is overstated in just about every case. It's easy for us an the HN community (generally pretty intelligent and technically inclined) to forget that downloading a torrent isn't the simplest thing in the world, particularly the lengths you need to go to in order to get some pirated games to even function properly. Guess that just goes to show you how long it's been since I've downloaded a torrent :) Because I'm sure EA doesn't have money for lobbyists. All regulation would do is cement EA's position as legal or even required. The only serverside aspect is saves and social Am I misunderstanding what you mean by saves? That seems pretty important to me. Gotcha. If that truly is all that's punted to the server we should start seeing cracks in a few weeks, I would think. Except we're not talking about the likelihood of a child being killed by a gun v. drowning in a pool. We're talking about the likelihood of a child being killed by their guardian's gun v. drowning in their guardian's pool. Do not quote "actual evidence" without citing sources. One need only look at the murder rate in Chicago to see that incredibly strict gun laws do not by definition make a population safer. I'm sure you could find a rural area with an above-average per capita murder rate than other rural areas too. It's almost as if the mere act of owning a firearm has little bearing on one's overall safety. > Children like to swim in pools. Children like to ride bicycles. And children like to hunt. What's your point? > I don't have to justify the usefulness of pools or bicycles. Actually, when you're claiming that they have more usefulness than some other arbitrary object (in this case, guns), yes you do. > You can take away a risk associated with a pool or bicycle but only by taking away the fun that children have swimming in pools or riding a bicycle. That's exactly right, because helmets make bicycles less fun. > It's true that some parents enjoy the things you can do with a gun. It's also true that having a gun in the house is additional, sometimes tragic, risk with no benefit to children. Except for the cases in which a gun in the home is used for self defense. > First, as a parent you're supposed to put the benefit of your child over the little joys in your life, like squeezing a trigger of a 44 Magnum or getting enough sleep. And swimming, because apparently they're more likely to die doing that. > Second, you can enjoy most of the benefits of having a gun without actually having one in the house. Except for self defense, which if we read the Constitution is the primary reason for the second amendment (discussion about self defense from whom aside for the moment). > I'm pretty sure you cannot hunt or discharge firearms within city limits anyway. I don't know what city limits have to do with anything, so I don't think this is germane. I'm willing to bet you're more likely to find a pool in the suburbs than downtown, anyway. But living in a city does not mean you waive your right to self defense. > You can still indulge yourself in hunting or go to a shooting range without endangering the life of your child by having a gun in your house. You can still indulge yourself in swimming or go to a public pool without endangering the life of your child by having a pool in your yard. > In fact, a recent article (don't have the link on hand, sorry) pointed out that a large percentage of guns used in crimes in Chicago were bought from a single store just outside the city limits. I haven't heard this but it certainly sounds plausible. To me, it says one of a few things are happening: (A) The people buying the guns are not criminals at the time of purchase, and shouldn't be prohibited from buying them in the first. Whether they go on to commit a crime with the gun or the gun is stolen and then used in a crime is mostly irrelevant; (B) The people buying the guns are criminals at the time of purchase, and the NICS check didn't alert the owner properly. This would be more a failure of the FBI than anyone else; (C) Least likely, the people buying the guns are criminals at the time of purchase and the owner of the shop knew this and either did not perform the NICS check or performed it with fraudulent data. I should also point out that since it's illegal to purchase a gun in Chicago it's not at all surprising that guns in Chicago happen to come from gun shops immediately outside the city borders. I have 75Mbps down with a fiber optic provider in my area and Youtube is constantly buffering at any HD resolution. I'm pretty sure it's Youtube and not our ISPs. I'd upvote it if it was interested and they talked about how they did it (and it didn't involve LOIC). Which is to say the blog post about it probably wouldn't be worth reading :) > So why do you feel qualified to comment? How dare you try to call someone out for being rude when your first comment to them was that . I think you'd be hard pressed to find any company that would willfully disobey a subpoena. I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that because you're new here[0], you haven't read the comment guidelines. I suggest you do, and modify your behavior accordingly. Be civil. Don't say things you wouldn't say in a face to face conversation. [1] [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=_Simon [1] http://ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html > The patent system shouldn't guarantee some kind of monetary reward. If it does, it sets up the wrong incentives. They don't, unless people use it and the patent holder wants to charge for licensing. The secure broker website has already been flagged by my work firewall as a phishing site. Not saying I think they're correct, but I would imagine they're targeting people who know about eBay, don't have an opinion regarding them one way or the other, and aren't going to take that extra step to check ebay.com for their next purchase. As the article said, to "draw them in." Can you imagine the flip-side of the anti-remote argument if the manager was remote and the team wasn't? "What do you mean I got a bad performance review? My boss isn't even here ." Are you a full time employee? I'd be interested in knowing what your current employer thinks about you have a scheduled departure date that far in the future. 12 months is just wasting money. 3-6 is more than enough if you're just hedging against sudden unemployment for whatever reason. There are plenty of semi-liquid places to keep the funds beyond that so that you can move them to liquid accounts as you approach that 6 month mark. Give careful thought to what proportion of your funds you need immediate access to. Assuming you're in the US, a bank account is going to give you maybe half a percent interest every year. Keeping more than 3-6 months expenses (not income) in the bank is just giving money away. The generally accepted order is (not my formula, and this is for US-centric retirement, not necessarily starting a business): 1) Max out employer 401K match 2) 3-6 month emergency fund (I've seen this and #1 switched before, personal preference) 3) Max out Roth IRA ($5,500 for 2013) 4) Max out 401K contribution 5) Start investing Obviously if your focus is on creating an 18-24 month runway you'll want your emergency fund totally liquid (cash in a bank you can withdraw on demand) and the remainder will be focused more on semi-liquid, marginally higher-interest assets than on retirement accounts. The last one may be valid if he's only getting it to cover his children and/or they have existing health issues. But I agree that bills are no excuse. I like you. That's why you have your attorney look at the contract thoroughly. It's not about distrusting anyone, it's about making sure you're as protected as you can be. Truthfully, a contract is only as good as your attorney is. Can someone define cap for me in this context? This is exactly what I wanted to know, thank you! I'd be more interested to look at successful startups (however you define that[0]) and see how those founders met. [0] Personally, I'm more interested in recurring revenue, so successful for me is either profitable and stable to support the founders and employees or a large acquisition. A 4- or 5-figure acquisition is less appealing because truthfully, between my mortgage, student loans, and other bills, I could spend any 5-figure sum in a single day. Has anyone really declined to pay for something because it would be another line item on their bank account? I get what you're saying and I agree that the process is a hindrance at the most basic level, I just don't get that specific example. Maybe I'm misunderstanding your question, but doesn't 90% detection imply a 10% false negative rate? I agree that the rate of false positives is extremely important here. Because they end up scamming you (or you detect them before-hand through some other means). The question was about false negatives, not false positives. The parent's point was that he wanted to know the false negative rate when they found 90% of fraud attempts. I was asking if that 90% number meant that by definition there was a 10% false negative rate. I'm glad, obviously. You should be able to do whatever you want with something after you purchase it. But it just makes me sad this had to get to the Supreme Court. atwebb's comment was not germane. He talked about both FPs and FNs when FPs had nothing to do with my question. If he had explained how a 90% detection rate does not necessarily mean there is a 10% false negative rate, then it would have been relevant. DanBC said the article did not mention FPs or FNs. I agreed with the FP point so from here out lets ignore anything related to FPs. My question/point was that as far as I understood it that 90% detection rate by definition means there is a 10% rate of false negatives. Anyone who signs an agreement should be bound by that agreement assuming the other party did not act in bad faith. I think it's important to stick to text books though and not venture into software or cell phone territory because it's a very safe bet that no contract was ever signed and no agreement was ever entered into other than "here's my money, give me that book." It is, the part that makes me sad is we had to set the precedent in the first place. It's good that a precedent has been set but it's ridiculous there was ever a lawsuit over reselling a book. Thank you. It is nobody's business here but Nick's what happened. Take his words at face value and assume he misunderstood his boss unless you have reason to believe otherwise and it actually matters. Wait, why did you upvote an article without reading it or the comments? Does Plunker have an about page? I've been looking for a description of what it does and what it's for but can't seem to find anything. I never understood the all or nothing mentality, especially among developers. Coding all night is the most pervasive example. I wake up before 6 AM every day so I'm physically tired by 9 PM. Usually I'm mentally tired well before dinner. Maybe "all night" is a euphemism for "a long time" and I'm over thinking it but I consider it a productive day when I get 3 hours of work on a side project done in addition to my day job. That being said, I have no problem going home and spending time with my family and not doing anything on my phone, computer, or even Xbox, so maybe it's just me. EDIT: I don't want to be that guy, but isn't it a fairly commonplace meme among programmers to argue against 8-10-12 hour coding sprints for their employers because you can really "only" get 4-6 hours of good programming time out of someone in a day?[0] [0] Citation needed The last time I stayed up past midnight to work on something was probably close to a year ago. I stopped when I made what I thought was a simple change and ended up completely fubaring the font end of the site. I went to bed and first thing the next morning fixed what was an insurmountable obstacle just a few hours before. Maybe it's because I wasn't on a deadline, maybe it's because I could sleep as long as I wanted because it was a weekend, but since then I haven't had any reason or desire to work past the point where my body wants to go to sleep. It's a good thing you don't have contact info in your profile or you'd probably end up getting fired. Depends what he means by stripes. In the Marine Corps (the only branch I have experience with) enlisted will get a diagonal stripe (hash mark) on their forearm for ever 4 years of service. I believe that's what he's referring to. I think Army is one for every 3 years of service. Please be more condescending. It really will help your cause. Some of us just have seemingly unlimited manpower, budget and the auspices of the federal government. Does (m)IRC have the ability to log everything? It's been a decade since I've used mIRC but I could have sworn I was able to save everything even back then. That's an excellent point, they're probably referring to server-side, always-on-even-if-you're-not logging. I really do feel dumb asking this. What the hell does Ember do ? Is it another front-end MVC JS library? Is it a competitor to Node? Rails? CodeIgniter? "Ambitious web applications" tells me jack and I get no indication of what its "tremendous value" is. Edit: That sounds a little more aggressive than I meant it to. If anyone can explain it without vomiting buzz words I'd love to understand because it seems intriguing. We would get along well. Please tell me where you work that $144,000 isn't an obscenely large salary. He doesn't live in San Francisco or Manhattan or London, he lives in Texarkana where the cost of living is a substantial percentage below the US average.[0] I have no doubt that you can live well in that area on 1/3 of what he's asking. I'm not saying the guy should work for peanuts or that people who work on F/OSS should do so with no financial upside, but let's stop pretending that $12,000 in a month is a normal salary or something that doesn't need at least some justification. Clearly people think it's worth it and that's great, but the whole tone of "I have $12,000 and now I can afford to work on this for a month" just makes me sick to my stomach. [0] http://www.bestplaces.net/cost_of_living/city/texas/texarkan... Thank you for explaining this. That's a huge difference that the impression of tiered pricing that I got. Any plans for either a free trial period or a very small ( everything a user does on the site. I would think it would pound the database relentlessly under even modest load. I don't mean this to sound as snarky or mean as it probably will. I'm truly interested in your answer. Why should you have the choice to object? What is obscenely intrusive about tracking how you use an application you (may or may not) pay for? I don't see why anyone would have any reasonable expectation of privacy when they're using a service online. Note I am only referring to analytics contained on a single domain. I'm not making an argument for or against services like FB that track activity across multiple domains. I know you're reworking the pricing page as you said but you may want to consider doing what a lot of email service providers do and list the per-user price in tiers. Something like * Users 1-2,500: $0.01/user * Users 2,501-20,000: $0.0625/user * Users 20,001-80,000: $0.0583/user might be a tad more intuitive, especially if you listed the top-end price along with that. Yeah those stupid Americans sure do hate poor people, don't they? /s > Can you imagine living on $20K, $30K, $40K, a year? Where do you live that $30-40K a year is poor? The median personal income in the US is under $33,000 a year for employed workers, and still under $40k if you exclude part-time and seasonal workers (which is think is abusing the statistic).[0] My father raised me and took care of my mother on barely $30k a year all throughout high school. It's not impossible to live on that or less, nor is it especially hard if people would stop acting like they deserve a new car, a big house and the latest toys. [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_income_in_the_United_S... I've only ever been to Kutztown and didn't think it was too bad (granted, I was in a mid-size sedan and not an Escalade), so my money's on Lock Haven. Like what? What would you suggest somebody "gotto" do? I've had quite the opposite experience. Dealing with the DMV here in Pennsylvania is always a nightmare with long waits and dealing with employees who are rude and make it known they'd rather be getting a medical procedure than renewing your license or some other aspect of their job. I've only had to deal with the IRS in an official capacity twice and both times (while a PITA for the reason I had to deal with them) the people with whom I spoke were exceedingly polite, helpful, and most importantly knowledgeable about what they were helping me with. I say this not to say that you're wrong by any means, just to offer another anecdote. My return for 2008 or 09 was a mess . I had one 1099 I never received from a former employer I'm convinced was trying to screw me, I had one 1099 sent to a former address and a debt forgiveness 1099 from a credit card charge off. I got a packet from the IRS listing the adjustments, what they proposed I owed and very clear and detailed instructions on how to respond to each of the three changes. Incredibly easy to resolve the entire ordeal within weeks, including full payment. I have no doubt that if the IRS truly made it a policy to extract as much money from everyone as they could, they would have just audited me and nit picked every math error ad nauseum until I was drowning in penalties and interest. This is part of why I have a CPA now. > the incentive of the IRS is to maximize the taxes I'm not sure this is the case. IRS funding is not a static percentage of tax revenue. Sure, the tax money goes into one big pot, but IRS funding is not dependent upon the money they bring in. This is the biggest thing. There is literally no reason to do this if it's opt-in. I'm sure if I didn't have three separate things to verify and pay or challenge it would have been quicker :) I ended up challenging one of the three and I spent more time writing that letter and including supporting documentation than anything else. The curation here is pretty poor. Most of the books are not free and many have nothing to do with programming (or even technology in general!)[0] [0] http://hackershelf.com/book/386/the-god-delusion/ One of the less literal definitions is "one who succeeds in a competitive or highly difficult field or profession at an early age"[0] [0] http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/wunderkind I don't mean this as snarkily as it's probably going to sound. How old are you? The developed world has an exponentially higher cost of living than sub-Saharan Africa or rural India. Don't pretend that someone living on $8,000 a year in Chicago has it any better than someone in a third world country. The urban poor are in a far more desperate position than the rural poor, regardless of their country's development. Compare Depression-era Kansans to the inner-city poor of today and you'll see a large disparity in just about every metric. The one that jumps out at me the most would be nutrition. It's a lot easier to eat well with no money on a farm than it is with no money surrounded by convenience stores and Taco Bells. The article is also referring to the poor in third world countries living on less per day than either of us would spend on a pack - or a stick - of gum. Raise someone's income from $237 a year to $500 a year and I'm not surprised there isn't a marked increase in "sin" consumption, because they're still living on peanuts even by those standards.. Raising someone's income from $15,000 to $20,000 is not the same thing and it's a much bigger assumption. Edit: Anyone who wants to have a real discussion is welcome to respond instead of just downvoting because I said something you don't like. Grow up. I don't think anything I said could be construed to mean that poor people are "lesser," "other," or anything else. It's probably a safe bet that regardless of socioeconomic status, the more money you have, the more likely you are to spend money on "dumb stuff," whether that means a pack of cigarettes, a 40 or at the casino. Using the Florida example, is it relevant what the proportion of drug users was compared to the general public? The argument was whether or not welfare funds were being used to purchase drugs. If memory serves it wasn't even about saving money (because it cost more to administer the program than it saved), it was about making sure those who society is holding up aren't simultaneously breaking that society's laws. This[0] happens on Chrome, Windows 7. I really like the idea but the CSS seems a little janky, maybe it's limited to Win+Chrome. [0] http://i.imgur.com/dHLNlCb.png Spam. For folks who lease cars (a poor financial decision long-term, but lower monthly payments) you need to take the car back to the dealership you bought it from at regular intervals (3-10K miles). I really wish people would test their sites before doing this. I can understand if someone else submits your stuff and you had no idea it was going to happen (but even then...), but if you create an account with no history for the explicit purpose of submitting to HN as the OP did, you should at least test it under some semblance of load. I totally agree, and if I tried to do it I'd probably botch it myself. I wouldn't even know where to start as I've ever built anything that needs to be under this kind of load where the deployment isn't handled by people better at it than I. I posted an Ask HN a few months ago asking what folks do to test but the best answer I got was "load test your website" :P Looks like everything's working now. Can I ask why when searching for cars in the US all the mileages are in Km? You are not required to provide insurance information if you would rather pay the cash price. I'm 26 so I can't speak at all to what a 40ish developer needs to do to get a job. My advice is what I'd give to anyone asking what I think you're asking regardless of age. I'm also assuming you have no desire for entrepreneurship or management. Since you have a steady and mostly happy job, focus on differentiating yourself after hours. Build out your github profile (my current focus since it's entirely private projects right now), find a programming niche that is financially rewarding and put your emphasis there. Specialist programmers in under-served sectors can earn significantly more than the management supervising them. You don't get to that point by "doing .NET" or building WordPress plugins (not to sound condescending, I've done both for a living), but it can be incredibly lucrative. I sent a quick note to your email. I'll be happy to provide a quote or just offer some feedback on why others may not have been responding. This seems really interesting. When you say proprietary tools, I assume you mean more custom-built solutions and less paid tools available to anyone? ...what? I'm not even going to respond to that troll bait first point of yours, but as for the second, please give some insight as to how a programmer in charge of writing insurance claims processing applications can "fix the base system." I'm the same way in a lot of respects. I'd love to wake up every morning to tweak a product or SaaS business that I live off of but I haven't gotten that spark from anything yet. What language(s) do you work with? Imposter syndrome is incredibly common among very successful people, which as much as we might hate to admit it, most developers are. Something similar to that was posted on HN a few weeks ago, unfortunately I don't have the discussion link but I did star the repo[0] [0] http://usablica.github.com/intro.js/ I've been doing PHP since I started programming in middle school but have been gradually shifting to .Net (VB at my employer). Never had any interest in Ruby for whatever reason. Best of luck in your search. > "Fix the base system" would be something like "I made a simpler marketplace so that care providers (doctors) can directly bill patients, cheaply and transparently." ... while simultaneously violating the agreements they signed with insurance providers and putting themselves out of business? I don't know about you, but I want prisoners to stay in prison. To make a blanket statement like "[Contributing to keeping prisoners in prison] is in no way an inherently good thing" is just madness. If I remember correctly there's an app that tracks barometric data from Android devices, right? Definitely two excellent use cases and implementations of a similar idea (step-by-step "tour" v. full-page documentation/explanation), good job. It's assuming you make a separate trip to fuel your car (it mentions time to drive to the station, fill and return home). It's an idiotic assumption. Changing it to five minutes (or less if you just top your car off at 1/2 or 3/4 tank) is much more realistic. This isn't a traditional lease, though. If you read the original article about the "new" financing product, you are purchasing the car. This makes you eligible for the tax credit(s). After three years, you have the option of (a) doing nothing and paying nothing besides your normal payments. After all, you bought the car. (b) selling the car back to Tesla. You are not obligated to sell it, but if you want to, Tesla is obligated to buy it back. If you sell it to them you then pay the penalty. So this hypothetical salesman need only not sell it to Tesla, or sell it to someone else after the tax credit period (which I believe is amortized over three years or something). Does 80% really qualify as "some level of piracy?" Clearly there is a group of people who will always pirate what they want, regardless of the price or what it is (movies, TV shows, games, Photoshop). If that's the case, then I think it's also fair to say that there is a certain group of people for whom even the smallest bit of DRM would cause them to either go without the movie/show/program (I think the most likely) or buy it outright. If your workplace is one that you wouldn't feel comfortable with a quick flash of anything that might be on Facebook, you shouldn't be on Facebook. It's not a sterile environment and you can't control what's there. Either employers will understand that and not care that you're on Facebook during a short break, or they won't understand and will be upset that you're on Facebook in the first place. Both GitHub and Google signins failed for me and I lost progress in the first section. May just be the work network; I'll try it at home. I'll be honest FB is blocked at work so I couldn't read the OP. That being said, I would imagine this is an optional thing.. To be fair, this post is about a literature Ph.D., not one in a field like Mathematics or Computer Science. Not that the job outlook is a lot rosier on that side, but it's an important distinction to be made. Don't most community colleges accept a Master's for adjunct positions? Not that love of subject is a bad reason to get a PhD, but if the end goal is teaching a local course every now and then, you could presumably do that after you have the MS and (potentially) while pursuing the PhD, right? Because you broke other pre-existing laws (trespassing, possibly breaking & entering, other violations of private property)? This is an important distinction. To the best of my knowledge, individuals who are not Federal employees that engage in whistleblowing do so with the very real possibility that there will be permanent professional retribution. I don't think you're exaggerating at all. If you do anything that anyone employed by an airline, airport, or relevant Federal agency doesn't like, you're gonna have a bad time. They can and will irritate, inconvenience and humiliate you. Flying in a plane or being in an airport is not a right and they can pretty much do whatever they want to whomever they want. This is why if it's less than 12-14 hours, I'll just drive. Killjoy. I was referring to personal travel as I don't travel much for my 9-5 or contract work. I've thought of the later option, although not specifically due to the TSA, just generally. If my income was 100% contract and could survive the time zone shift I might actually test it out for a few months, but there are too many positives in the US that outweigh the negatives. While certainly a strong negative, I don't think profiling can be considered a false positive. If a false negative is a terrorist getting onto a plane, wouldn't a false positive be a non-terrorist being blocked from getting on a plane (or removed) because the FA/pilot/FAA/DHS/FBI/twitchy passenger two rows back thought they were a terrorist? Making everyone darker that a given paint swatch go through additional screening is abhorrent, but I don't think it's a false positive. Isn't guaranteed buyback part of the definition of all leases, not just on luxury cars? Every lease I've been a part on (none luxury) has the buyback price in the contract. Your point is accurate but your tone is deplorable. To you this is just another post about just another Github report, but to the author this is something they spent several months on.[0] [0] https://github.com/mgauthier/php_diamond/contributors As is the case with most Important Capitalized Phrases he uses. I sent about half a dozen follow up or introduction emails emails out between April's two threads for contract work. Some were extremely detailed, offering portfolio samples, repository URLs, even contact information of former clients as references. Not a single response, not even to say "no longer looking, but thanks!" I can't think of anything in a professional context that is more rude or disrespectful. If I spent half an hour writing a customized email and giving you 100% of the information you need and you can't spend 30 seconds to tell me you're not interested, you're just a bad person. That's all there is to it. Isn't total data loss the default for a mechanical drive failure as well? I don't think this should be counted as a major weakness of SSDs. Find a nugget of inspiration in their terrible ideas and then find a decent business cofounder? Can someone explain to me the opposition to red light cameras? I don't get the problem with giving people who break the law fines for it, but maybe I haven't looked at it the right way. 1. I'll agree with you on this. It would make sense for the software to be open source. 2. This is something I hadn't thought of and curiously nobody had said anything to me prior. To me, this is a big negative (not necessarily a show stopper). 3. In my jurisdiction any citations like this need to be reviewed by a police officer. Obviously you're not going to be issuing citations when a light is out and it would be trivial to fight. This is an implementation issue but not one with the technology. 4. Source? Regardless this seems more like an issue with a specific brand and not the technology. 5. One of the sibling posts here mentioned a study to this effect that I haven't gotten a chance to take a look at yet. In my state (PA) there are laws on the books that say a citation has to be reviewed by a police officer in the jurisdiction the citation is issued in. I do the same when around overly aggressive drivers myself (although admittedly I can be aggressive and am trying to work on it!), but I don't think either one of us can say what a police officer would or would not do. Some are extremely by-the-book and will write you the citation regardless. If there's no way to prove camera calibration I would hope judges would throw all the tickets out. I've fought a handful of speeding tickets since I've been driving and more often than not the officers can prove when and to what specification their radar guns were calibrated (usually at the beginning of that shift so within 8-10 hours, and to give the driver a 2-3 mph "benefit of the doubt" so to speak). And no appeals are just ridiculous. Thanks for the input! I've seen others mention the yellow-light timing issue and I hadn't heard this counterpoint before. As for the discretion, at least in my jurisdiction all automated violations (currently only red light cameras in certain parts of the state I believe, nothing in my immediate area) are reviewed by a police officer who has final say. Presumably they'd be able to tell if a vehicle just slid a few inches into the intersection v. ran the light 2 seconds after it turned red. I understand where you're coming from, but a minute doesn't seem like very long to wait. Exactly. You don't get a bigger fine if you run a red light after it's been red for 50ms v. 2s, and the fine isn't bigger if the other road has a green. People are just so important that they have to get to the next red light 10 seconds faster than everyone else. Is it really appropriate to repost someone else's content without their consent? From the parent: > Can you point us to your popular time-saving framework that does all of this the correct way then? So please suggest something. I'm curious to see what product (perhaps that you've worked on?) solves all of Bootstrap's obvious shortcomings. I don't want to nit pick, but even 2500 hours a year is only 52-53 hours a week with 4 weeks off for vacation every year. Use the 2900 figure and you're still just barely over 60 with a month for vacation. Not a bad deal to make ~4x the median US salary. I understand what you're saying though. It's a lot "easier" to go to school for four years, make $90-120k and have $0-40k in student debt than it is to go to school for a decade, make $125-175k and have $80-150k in student debt. But truthfully, when you have that kind of buying power you can live like a student for just two more years and completely pay off your debt (or very close to it). Software developers usually don't have that kind of buying power. Outside of the Valley and NYC an entry-level developer may only make $30k a year. Even a $200-300/mo student loan payment at that income is tight. Have you tried explaining to a developer (or anyone, for that matter) that they are objectively worth less in Missouri than they are in San Francisco? Everyone loves it when they move from the midwest or southeast to the Valley because they can add a zero to their salary. Nobody moves out of the Valley precisely because you're subtracting a zero from their salary. It seems folks are all about factoring in cost of living when it gets them an extra $40k/year. When it means they should earn less, they just ignore it and refuse to take a pay cut on principle. That's been my experience, at least. We'll find out. I submitted a note to Kickstarter informing of the project and that it may be a violation of their rules. We'll see if they take it down. The end result will be $100. The point is that people are trying to use Kickstarter to eliminate risk in a business venture. If you're good enough o charge $100 for membership for one of your website, do it. Take a risk. Be entrepreneurial. Don't be that guy trying to get other people to provide you back-door seed funding so you can just bolt if it all falls apart with an extra $10k to boot. From the KS: "Launching a Kickstarter campaign is the best way I can think of to get the word out and see if there's real interest in this. I always try to focus my time and energy on things people want (easier said than done), and this campaign will help me figure that out. So if you want this to exist, cast your vote by pledging!" I try to be civil and calm here but that is complete and utter bullshit. Kickstarter does not exist so people like this guy can get a few months rent while trying out his latest business venture. Is it possible to buy from MtGox at $200 and sell in BTC China shortly thereafter at $275? I know nothing about BTC. Because every car dealership in the country would immediately go out of business and cars would be a decent percentage cheaper. Not saying that's a good reason, just pointing out there's a lot of money and interest in keeping the status quo, as there always is. You've got a point there, but let's be honest: that 3d pen was pretty cool. All things being equal, stuff is always going to be more expensive in the US than in India. If you're complaining about $70,000 here v. $2,500 there, I'm going to assume you're charging the same for your services here as someone is in India, right? Right? You can't say with a straight face that if 11,000 taxis are good enough for 1930s NYC that 13,000 taxis are good enough for 2013 NYC. I think you're still in a precarious position as the product. Just look at Facebook, Google et. al. Exactly. Programmers are not some magical subset of people that go through life differently than anyone else. It's an incredibly arrogant mindset that is rife throughout HN and technologists in general. It's a midlife crises. Go buy a Corvette or something! Source: None, because I'm 26. But I'm looking forward to that Corvette in a few decades. The header is very messed up in FF19 Win7 x64[0] [0] http://i.imgur.com/OeBwQ8s.png Looks good! This is nice. Are you using a framework for this tour or is that custom? Isn't the early Google work a good definition of a Hard Problem, though? [Startup X] does not need a CMU PhD to build the latest Node app. The domain is blocked at my office so I can't read the article, but I'd argue that spending the extra money on "10x" talent does nothing but shorten your runway. Why are we just making stuff up? This is not true. Contests must abide by any local laws or regulations in any jurisdiction they're run in. If you don't run the contest in Quebec (e.g. if you disallow Quebecois entrants) then and only then are you exempt from their laws. That sounds pretty cool. I'd be worried about there getting to be a decent amount of money on the line (I could see thousands each week for something like Rails or Python long term) and people trying to game the allocation to get an extra few percentage points of the increasingly large pie. What likely happened is the guy in question pissed off a Senior VP and he and all his friends made the first ~$10-15 million. His friends get $2 million and he gets half. I'd be mad, too. Just because it's a lot of money doesn't mean he should be happy with getting a less proportionate amount. Where is the fraud in as you put ti "aim[ing] high and fail[ing] miserably?" I don't think this has as much to do with the Pareto principle as it does with long tail economics. I get the distinct impression from the article that the author and his partner are considering doing this full time as a career. They clearly have a long way to go, but especially in the beginning, they stand to gain a great deal by getting their apps in the $30-50/day revenue area than letting them stay (I tried to avoid the word "languish") in the $15-20 range. Nice :) What is Gittip written in (I'm at work and can't do a ton of research into it)? I've been looking for something F/OSS I can help out with. You seem to be pretty angry in your responses in this thread. But doesn't your point #2 conflict with #1? This is obviously industry-specific but assuming you have the skills, doing contract programming requires only trivial up-front cost (a domain name and server, but most who work with the web would have that already) and it's certainly not a $15/hr job. As one of my siblings comments says, it's your responsibility to have a safety net of your own (6 months of all your expenses is a pretty standard number). Not doing so is simply irresponsible unless you're struggling to keep food on the table as it is. Come on, now. He's not saying "just fly to a trade show and you'll get job offers," he's saying that you need to be proactive. Go into a business unsolicited and ask if they're hiring (obviously you should know what they do and know that you're a fit). Are you a web developer? I live in a rural area and there are a half dozen shops within a 30 minute drive. Show up during business hours, ask for the GM or owner and tell them why you're there. Sure, you'll have the people who are put off by you just showing up, but it's just as likely you'll hit someone with a need just a few days (or hours) before they were about to place a listing. So no, he's not saying to "take on the risk and cost of flying to a trade show," he's saying to be proactive and act like you actually want to have that job, not just a job. It's already happening. Last time I applied for a job was after just shy of two years of contract work full-time. They asked for a portfolio which I sent over. I was confused when they asked for more as I had already picked my best work. After supplying some more samples I asked the hiring manager why they had requested more and was essentially told they were looking at not only quality, but also quantity. They wanted to make sure I had been doing this for two years. Personally, I think this is good. Saying you're freelancing when you're actually unemployed is no less dishonest than saying you have a degree you don't have or you worked at [X] BigCo for six months longer than you actually did. I worked my ass off when I was a consultant and I'd be pretty upset if John Q. off the street has been resume blasting everyone for six months while drawing unemployment and saying he's been "consulting." I've noticed the same thing for almost every tech-related subreddit, especially /r/startups and /r/programming. A consistent 2-3 day lag. I received an Amber Alert for a girl from Philadelphia a few months ago on this system (or a similar one). It was surreal being in a restaurant and hearing over a dozen phones go off almost simultaneously. I can guess as to why you're being downvoted. Capitalization. Nonsensical reference to corporations that has nothing to do with this event. Lack of domain knowledge regarding already existing FCC notification systems. Random mention of New York, which is neither geographically proximal to Boston nor affected by this event. EDIT: I know there's a statement regarding NY being "on alert" but there is no indication they have any reason to do so, or are doing so in reaction to anything. Is it not relevant that they've copied a design straight from the NY Times? I think they got all of PA, MD, NJ and the DC area as it was close to 3 hours after the incident that they sent it out. Is a patent really necessary? I was going to post a TL;DR but the article is pretty short. Suffice it to say there are things in the database that should not be there. Encrypted credit card numbers along with the public and private keys? Plain text Lish passwords? I am curious why the fix for this specific vulnerability[0] wasn't implemented even though it's been out for a week now (obviously slightly less by the time they were affected). [0] http://www.adobe.com/support/security/bulletins/apsb13-10.ht... It's endemic of a broken system based on completely asinine patents on things like (as you mentioned) slide-to-unlock, rounded rectangles, "[X that has been around for thirty-five years] but on a computer! " and as one of my clients wanted to patent, "chat inside a Facebook page." Applying for a patent is unpopular because (software|technology) patents are unpopular, wrong-headed, and generally used by companies like Lodsys to extort money from independent iOS developers who don't have the resources for legal staff. I don't know anything about you other than vaguely recognizing your handle from around HN. It's possible your idea is extremely novel, even groundbreaking, and it completely deserving of legal protection. It's very unlikely. Chances are you're just going to waste time and money. Of course. If he was he'd be here on HN crying about how the evil corporation doesn't care about its employees. Pure hypocrisy. > the minimum viable product preached by Lean Startup has limited practical use. Customers aren’t interested in funding your “learning.” They want reliable software that delivers value consistently. You must build the minimum desirable product, and if you don’t have a good understanding of what’s desirable before you start, then, don’t. Oh, how I wish I could tell myself this five years ago. Maybe it's the industry I do most of my development for, but users I interact with very rarely want to hear "that will be in 2.0!" The ones that even let you finish the sentence before hanging up/walking out usually respond with "That's great. Let me know when it's done, then we can talk about signing up." MVP and incremental development is great when you're a VC-funded startup in Mountain View, but when you're a real business you either have a working product that people want, or you don't. I don't think dictionary definitions are. However, if I make up a word, that is copyrightable as it is my creation, or IP, or whatever term you wish to use. Similar to putting a fake street on a map, I would think. He is almost certainly being used as a neutral pronoun in this context. Unfortunately MVP has been bastardized from "the smallest thing people will pay for" to "the smallest individual piece of the application." Because there is no correlation between making good software and making money off that software. WRT your second point, are you implying that people will be more likely to spend $1500 on Glass because there are not paid applications available for it? I like the questions. I do not consider myself a front-end developer although I enjoy working with JS. I don't know the answer to the first two, though. > 30 to 60 business days (1.5 to 3 months!) Someone should check that. Welcome to the social sciences. This is in part why I am a programmer now and why my Poli Sci degree is sitting in a drawer. If you say "provably" you really do need to... prove it. What studies are you citing when you say IB auto-layout is "provably the worst GUI?" You don't know it was intentional. This paper wasn't even peer reviewed so I don't understand why it was considered gospel in the first place. Someone please tell me what this is and why I can't click anything. At my school, it depended heavily on what your focus was. We had three professors, each focusing on their own area of specialization: American politics, international politics, and theory. The American politics professor had an academic pedigree and insisted that Political Science could and should be a hard science backed up by facts and numbers. In his papers you need statistics, studies, and graphs. He focused very much on the methodology of your research and how well you could back up your claims with solid evidence. The theoretical professor appreciated hard facts but it was much more important to him that you had a well-reasoned argument, and as _delirium said, would much rather read a 10-page paper full of epistemological debate than one twice that filled with detailed Bayesian analysis. The international politics professor didn't care because he had tenure. Reindeer Stroganoff sounds delicious. Exactly. We had two extremes at my department where one professor felt PS should be regarded as a hard science, and one that felt it belonged in the Humanities department. I have trouble taking "[X] Done Right" articles seriously when they're posted on pages that are plastered with ads and look like the CSS hasn't be touched since 2004. I learn something from just about every single one of your comments. Usually several things. "Mechanical failure" typically refers to things that are... mechanical in nature, e.g. not software. They are most likely interpreting this under the unforeseen events clause of the ticketing agreement (not sure of the exact wording) to see if they can get away with not paying anybody. If enough of the passengers raise a fuss they will likely offer everyone some sort of voucher, but 90% of people unfortunately will forget about the whole thing 30 minutes after they land. Or worse than that, missing a meeting and being stuck with other people's young children at airports. By that logic it doesn't protect against racism either. I suspect a lot of people would may the majority of speed limits are irrelevant, but I digress. Do you have any citations for your claim that "people driving 15MPH under the limit (because ... their speedometer is inaccurate)" is "very common?" A decent chunk of my last few weeks on Parris Island was them telling us how much money they'd spent on us and not to [expletive] it up by killing ourselves doing something stupid. Yes, and all you need to do to be a great mathematician is to win the Fields Medal. All you need to do to be a great jurist is to become the Chief Justice of the SCOTUS. Am I the only one that thinks the latest What Ifs aren't quite as good as the first few? It seems the first ones took a lot of research, time and energy while the last several were whipped up in half an hour. Do you know why Congress banned onion futures? That seems... random. How common is color blindness? I'm not saying it shouldn't be a consideration, I've just heard it mentioned a lot and I'm curious if it's much more common than I had originally though (low single-digit percentages, higher among males)? I don't mean any of this to sound like a personal attack, so please don't take it that way. I'm just trying to show you the other side of your argument. Let's pretend I agree with Prop 8 (I don't, with the exception of what ChuckMcM mentioned below). Clearly you feel strongly about it, enough to avoid a company on the sole basis there is a leader there who disagrees with you, someone you may or may not work directly for or with on a daily basis. If I were a hard-line conservative and I knew that about you, I would be terrified to work for you. I have no idea what you might if you come across a blog post, a random tweet, or something else after we've been working together. Surely if you're willing to write off an entire company due to a single $1,000 donation (the line of reasoning goes..), you might be willing to fire me over a mundane tweet about a controversial issue you feel strongly about. This is to say nothing of the huge nebulous area about if I apply for a job working directly for you and we both know we are at polar political extremes. Ideally, there would be a clear demarcation between public/professional lives and personal lives. I don't care what my coworkers believe in, vote for, or donate to. I hope the same respect is afforded to me. I think it's a safe assumption that we're referring to extremely divisive issues like abortion, marriage equality, civil rights, etc. Edit: Not to say DRM isn't an important (and potentially divisive?) issue, just not nearly to the same scale. And let's be honest, chances are you believe that you are much more likely to be in favor of Prop 8 than against it.[0] [0] Just to be clear: I'm saying if you have that absolutist view you are much more likely to be fundamentally religious, and an order of magnitude more likely to be opposed to gay marriage. It's that first step I don't get. How is the traffic between you and the entry node encrypted? Can't someone monitoring traffic know that you're on Tor (even if they can't know what you're doing on it)? Just because it's a pet peeve of yours doesn't mean it's bad design. It's standard practice and should happen all the time. If a user likes me enough to forward my newsletter to 60 of their friends and one of them clicks unsubscribe because they don't take 10 seconds to read the subject, I'm out an extremely loyal reader/customer if I don't send that notification email. Agreed, I automatically exempt anything dealing with healthcare or finances from stuff like this. I definitely don't want my bank emailing me customer service messages which could contain who knows what kind of sensitive information. I will agree with you if you have to type your email in first. The ideal situation, I think, is to have the user type in their email. If it's an existing subscriber, unsubscribe. If it's not , add them to a secondary list just to keep track of who definitely does not want the emails. Google did something similar to prove that Bing was just copying SERPs if I remember correctly. Yup. Having your future almost destroyed because of a lying, bitter ex-girlfriend and not being given proper due process or resources is totally a first world problem. You nailed it. For most small colleges (as this "liberal arts college in New England" almost certainly was), there is an agreement between the college and the local police department (if one exists) that the college will handle just about everything internally, and push things off to the local or state PD as necessary. My college fits the description of the one in the OA. They had a small, self-important security department of a half dozen part time and one or two full time unarmed guards. Anything that happened on campus, they'd handle. That in and of itself is not mandated by the government, but it's a fairly common occurrence. My guess is she's equating support of Title IX specifically as analogous to support of feminism generally. Not sure I agree with her on that point. I think you're right. If anything she states she's a feminist just to clarify that she's not a far-right political hack. I think you misunderstood my point. 1. You receive a newsletter from [Retailer] and forward it to me. 2. I click unsubscribe 3. Ideally I'd enter my email. No damage done. But what if the unsub link is like a lot of unsub links, and it's something like: http://email.retailer.com/unsub.php?e=firebeyond@ycombinator... ? Then you get unsubscribed, I've done nothing to make sure I don't get the emails anymore, and if [Retailer] doesn't send you a confirmation, you never get another email and you probably forget about them. Take a look at swombat's top-level comment in this thread. There's a good take-away here: "If they'd cover it on TV news, it's probably off-topic." My guess is this makes it easier for them to prevent 42 blog posts in a week about solving Challenge n . He's not suggesting that we need internet censorship because of this, he's suggesting this is why ignorant octogenarian legislators think we need internet censorship . Everything is scarier when it happens on a black box you don't understand. So you're saying that austerity measures are causing malaria and HIV? Really? Correlation != causation as I'm sure everyone knows. But then how would we know that facorreia is smarter than we are?