Interesting observations. As someone who has been in hiring positions over several years, the signal to noise ratio in recruiting consistently goes down. On-line recruiting used to be the domain of the talented. Now that everyone is on-line, the professional job-searchers have more time on their hands. Let's say the unqualified outnumber the qualified by 5 to 1. They're also job-searching on company time, so they send out 5 times as many resumes as the qualified. Their resumes then outnumber the qualified by 25 to 1. This gives you the ratios that Peroni sees. What's hard - very hard - is that good engineers aren't great at writing job descriptions that are useful to HR recruiters. Conversely, many good HR recruiters still don't understand technical job descriptions. In the end, this is why the best recruiting method still seems to be, "Ask your best person who their most capable friend is." My 2 cents... What is more likely to create a company built to last? 1) A firm starved for cash, but with boadloads of the best talent or 2) A firm starved for talent, but with boatloads of cash In situation 1, a great leader can create gold. In situation 2, all a leader can do is line their pockets. In 2002 and 2008 there were fantastic people that were unemployed through no fault of their own. People who just aren't visible in normal times. In many cases, these top performers already have money, so they can take a risk. Better to invest sweat in the dark days than cash in the bright ones. There are two unwritten assumptions in this post: 1 - The company focuses on people as appreciable assets, as opposed to costs to be minimized. 2 - There is not diminishing returns for chasing the best. Where this is true and recognized, companies don't nickel and dime employees. It is usually true in the best recruiter of each talent focused industry. Like them or not, this is in part why Goldman Sachs and McKinsey succeed, as well as top software firms. Once you view people as costs to be minimized (think the auto industry) or there is diminishing returns on individual excellence (think Wal-mart) then this system breaks down. The headline is a little more downbeat than the story, no? As I read it, they say that private VC investment is moving from research to development. This is consistent with the nature of VC funds - they usually have to pay back investor money within 7-10 years. The research cycle in physical sciences is frequently long enough that adding development pushes the idea beyond 10 years. As such, VCs are more interested in bringing already researched ideas (or incremental ideas) to market. There are 2.5 antidotes to this: 1) The government can fund more basic research, similar to biology. 2) The government can put a revenue neutral tax on unclear energy. (Carbon taxing) They can use to revenue to fund #1, or give it back in the form of lower taxes. Even the latter will create financial incentives to fund alternatives. 2.5) Fund longer term (10-15 year time horizon?) VC style investments with public funds, either through pensions or other dedicated funds. This would be similar to Singapore. I am fairly confident that #1 will help, as it benefits other areas in science. There is potential for waste, but lots of residual benefits. I am very confident that #2 will work, as it lines up everyone's incentives to solve the problems. I am only slightly confident that #2.5 will work, as it is not a business model that has worked in many other places. Call me jaded, but this doesn't seem so bad to me. If I like something, I am putting that out in the public. I expect it to be on my feed. Why wouldn't it be used more efficiently to tell others what I like? My view is that both Facebook and LinkedIn are services where everything defaults to public. What is strange is I don't feel this way about Amazon - I view my reviews to be public, but my personal ratings should not be. Same with Netflix. It is a very subtle distinction, and apparently not everyone thinks this way. I think abusing private personal information is a much worse crime. Good point. The more people are scared, the less they'll give useful information, and the less they'll benefit from the service, so the less they'll give useful information... Public versus private is a tough one, because many times I do click through to things largely based on who recommends them. In a sense it's like having a baby. There are always 100 financial reasons to postpone, but if you wait too long (despite 100 good reasons!) you wind up saying, "I wish I done this years ago!" On the one hand, the article can be depressing - each fallout is a dream that died. On the other hand, one of the things that makes the Valley succeed is it's capacity to celebrate failure. A mistake? What did you learn? Now move on! Companies that facilitate this are part of what makes for such a healthy eco-system. Compare this to Japan - much of their lost decade(s?) was caused by an inability to accept failure, and shut down unproductive firms. Don't just think of compensation in terms of dollars and equity today. Also consider: - What are the benefits implications? - How much will this increase your future marketability through connections and learning? - How will this impact your ability to do things outside of work? (10 hour workday? 12? 16?) - What will the work environment do to your mental health? As items with current and future $ implications, this is part of the compensation discussion. To paraphrase one of the Great Ones, "They're Not Dead Yet!" I had two folks re-interview with me who in the past 6 months had declined offers from my firm. They both went to other firms, and massively failed. In my eyes they are now more valuable to me, not less. More maturity, humility, sense of boundaries, etc... In both cases we re-extended the initial offers. In Japan it was a 2 tier issue. Insolvent (Zombie) banks were allowed to stay open. They in turn kept many insolvent companies alive. It's a testament to the strength of the Japanese that they kept the game going on for as long as they did. Of course it's not an exact analogy, but I share your concern that in the US we are trending towards a "Keep them open" mentality, rather than a "Try and try again". A recent quote from Michael Jordan has been making the rounds: (& I believe the real @ is much higher than 9000) "I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." Any time you have a massive government subsidy to an industry, people will eventually line up to scam it. In this case, it's a shame because there are a lot of innocent bystanders who get scammed. In addition to the taxpayer footing the bill by providing lower cost loans, people graduate the schools with worthless degrees. I am a big fan of charter schools, and in theory support for-profit colleges, but I wish I had more data points on where they succeed. Perhaps there will be a collegiate disruption similar to Khan Academy. The beauty of this discussion is not just "How to create memorable but hard to break password?" but "How much deep insight can a 4-6 frame cartoon contain?" The signal to noise ratio of xkcd is fantastic! They've again zipped a great discussion in just a few frames. Perhaps you could sell a 99 cents version on Amazon? Interesting post. I find work life balance to be very tightly coupled with the time horizon of the company. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. Seems inevitable, no? I get perhaps one meaningful piece of mail a week tops, and nothing that can't wait a week. There are peaks (weddings, Xmas, etc) but very little that justifies the scale of the system. I suspect this is true for a large percent of the population under 60 - at least the urgency part. The trend will continue. One secondary question - are the fixed costs so big that the system only works with huge volumes? Seems logical enough, no? There is diminishing personal benefit in getting another 2-3x returns. To quote The credit card companies - locking in your kids education is priceless. From a moral point of view - if firms are turning down billion dollar exits, they owe their early vested employees some liquidity. Of course the size of the rush to the exit is also indicative of the health of the firm. I hear you. From a personal view lot is BC/AC - before and after child. From a corporate view, it is a question of sprinting (to an exit or market opportunity) versus building for a longer time horizon. As we age, our priorities change, as do the types of places we choose to work. One success measure for academics is how long their ideas survive their passing. (As the Physicists perversely say, "The revolutions don't wait for the old professors to retire, they wait for them to die.") It's a testament to the deepness of EWD's ideas that they are still relevant in the field despite all that's changed. The link is now dead. I think that means you succeeded! The practical side is an interesting parallel to Knuth. Any best sources on his compiler? The core premise is sound. It is also consistent with research popularized in Blink, which shows how quickly people make up their mind. In practical terms, most times the proposer knows his subject more than the proposed. It takes the receiver of the information time and attention (both of which are scarce in decision makers) to deeply understand the pros and cons. So they fall back on heuristics: "Did this programmer meet their deadline last time?" "Are they wearing a suit?" "Did they go to a school I respect?" Early in my career, I thought, "It's only the content that matters. Anyone who disagrees is an idiot." It took a while to realize there are sound psychological reasons behind the other heuristics people use to choose. It took even longer to learn the game theory behind why some of the "Who you are" matters more than the quality of the idea in question. That's much too long a post for a writer who hasn't had their first coffee. One last thought... The Karma factor in part is a signal to judging people. (Or rewarding) Of course most of read the articles first, before looking up the credibility of the poster. :-) It's also about listening. It's impossible to listen when you're talking. This can be counterintuitive as we are hard wired to not like the blank space. Think of it in reverse... How much do we hate sales people who won't let us get a word in? How often do we really buy from them? If you have a consultant pitching you, would you rather listen to a 30 slide powerpoint presentation, or have a 2-way discussion on your issues? Using nature as a model for the internet, the economy, or other large systems is not new. Much of the science and (more importantly?) mathematics of explaining both is similar. Kevin Kelly (of Wired fame) is a great explainer of these ideas. He has lot of interesting writing on his website. http://www.kk.org/ I think Biz Stone is one of the most advanced thinkers of social media. I hope he keeps writing about this. Although I'm not a teacher, this topic is near and dear to my heart. My current firm recruits CS, Engineering and Financial Mathematics grads from top schools. Even in this environment, we need to give everyone a math test as part of the hiring process. We can't trust the GPA. Top software firms make developers write code as part of the interview. Even CS (which seems tougher than most majors) suffers from grade inflation. The beauty of this system is that "grade grubbers" who nag the professors for better grades ultimately don't get rewarded. People who are in school to learn do. A prior firm that I worked for (large consultancy) did a study on if GPA was predictive of good work performance. They found that there was a pass/fail barrier of a 3.0 for technical degrees, and 3.2 for non-technical degrees. Folks who couldn't find a way to hit the lower barrier on average didn't do as well. Folks who did better were more likely - but there was no benefit for getting much higher. A 3.8 student wasn't any more likely to perform better than a 3.1 student. (Slightly off-topic - the only other predictor of success was people who worked at least part-time while in school. It didn't matter what the job was, but people who had to work doing school on average performed better than those who didn't.) So what can be done that doesn't crush the professors? My grad school forced every non-Phd class to hit an average GPA. Want to give more As? Then give more Cs. When every professor is forced to live by this, nobody suffers in the evaluations. I will let others give you health advice. Just remember that nobody else will take care of yourself except for you. That said, here are some areas I have seen ex-programmers succeed: - Finance - May require another degree but it's an easy transition. The math shouldn't be too hard. It can be in the treasury dept, risk, anything with modeling. - Marketing analysis - you would be surprised how much Math is involved in getting a tube of Crest to your cabinet. - Teaching - most cs folks know enough math to teach it. Many states are so desperate for math teachers that they don't require an education degree. In the end, don't worry. Programming is one of the hardest intellectual tasks out there. Other fields will seem easy in comparison. True. Very few thinking jobs don't require desk time, and based on the little we've read, thinking is one thing we can infer from the original post. Some programmers migrate to Sales and other field support jobs, but it's a bigger stretch on skills. Or more precisely - they require certain skills at a high level that aren't as required in programming. Anything other than superficial "Check out this field" will take more than a couple high level posts. Shoot an email address, and I'm happy to discuss more in depth. Two interesting thoughts here, that are general to application development. 1 - The reason Windows lost it's way was a lack of simplicity. This is a broad comment about software in general. It is tough to be everything for everyone. And most software starts this way. 2 - There was a great line hidden in the footnotes. This speaks to the importance of collaboration amongst great programmers. "As Scrivener’s creator relates, he emailed Jesse Grosjean, Writeroom’s author, wondering how he did the block-cursor thing; very generously, Grosjean just gave him the code, and even recommends Scrivener on his own website." Very good read! A few more: - I don't need to worry about the product. I hired someone for that. - Hiring is for HR. - I will be spending August on an island in the South Pacific. - It is ok to miss payroll. - Our value add to the customer-centric value chain is based on world class process excellence principles. - That's not my job. After the startup succeeded or before? :-) It's very obvious, but also very hard. Hard because it isn't measurable in the short term, and hard because many engineers aren't wired for it. That said, technology leaders have to eventually overcome the introspection that made them successful in the first place. It is easy to see how some of the greats in the tech industry do it. Look at Ron Conway - he is a perpetual networker, and one of the highest impact people around. Steve Jobs is another, creating his famous reality distortion field. Look at Demo Day - isn't this the culmination of a lot of networking on top of great product work? One of the interesting aspects of social networking theory is that it is the people more removed from us who can help us the most. The people we are tightly linked to don't know that many people that we don't. The folks less tightly linked have the incremental connections we can't access ourselves. Coffee anyone? Any incremental improvement in recommendations is useful, more so than just advertising. Now if it's finding books that I wouldn't find on my own.... Wowsers! But that's just me. IMHO - There is a ring of truth to this, but it does not seem so profound. When I was unemployed (2008) it was depressing because the market was awful. But... I was able to work full time at improving my health (no "I'm working too hard to go the gym" excuse!) and finding new work. The fear of poverty is depressing, but not as bad as working awful hours without the time to improve one's situation. It is very easy to say, "Better to go hungry and wait for the perfect job." I think it is more realistic to say, "Don't take the first job that comes along. Be sure whatever you do is at least moving you in the right direction." "So, how do we reskill a workforce to adapt not only to challenges of the new but also to cope with the legacy of the old? Universities in conjunction with major employers should work together to address this issue." I think the market will take care of this, rather than universities. It is simple supply and demand. If COBOL programmers get paid enough of a premium, people will learn COBOL. This is an order of magnitude more likely than finding professors to teach a language they dislike. Even 20 years ago few students were lining up for university COBOL courses. Here's where I struggle... Everything you say about Groupon today applied to Amazon in the late 90s. They were accused of being a pyramid scheme. They were accused of bad accounting because they counted free shipping as a one time expense. They were never going to succeed. Fast forward 15 years and Borders is going out of business, Barnes and Noble is in retreat and Amazon moved beyond books to retailing everything - including the cloud. My nature is to be a cynic, and I roll my eyes when people make up new metrics. I look for cash rather than an opinion on earnings. Even Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be gamed, let alone non-GAAP metrics. But maybe this time they're right. This isn't to say Groupon will succeed, but there is some precedent. Maybe they are more Amazon than eToys. This highlights how much iPhone is tied to local carriers. South Korea is a market leader in mobile technology. Making it there means a lot in terms of the global marketplace. (Then again, I used to say the same thing about Japan.) They left out better looking too. :-) I think it's a Marketing issue. The article describes it as self-image related. This could be true, and it's successful Marketing for Apple to convince buyers that they're special. It could also be that something that the article is missing - that Apple is hitting a wealthier and more outgoing target demographic. These are the types of people who will use the phone to communicate more, and will buy more apps. It does explain something of a paradox - why do poor middle Americans support policies that harm them in the short term? Why does the guy who lost his job when a PE firm bought his factory vote for a party that supports a very low tax rate on the PE carried income? (This is ignoring whether it's right or wrong in the broader sense) Why don't the poorer 51% unanimously vote tax hikes on the wealthier 49%? I assumed it was because they still wanted to support the party that appeared stronger on defense, or lined up with their social values. This article uses behavioral economics to suggest a different interpretation. Anger and Creativity are mutually exclusive? Perhaps in business, but I am not convinced this is true in Art. There are a lot of angry musicians out there. (Would we have had Punk without it?) Although it's out of my area of expertise, I would guess the same is true with painting. Anger clouds and narrows the mind, but isn't it a stretch to say it can not occur side by side with creativity? Seth is usually right, but I disagree with him on this one. It's a strange article for THIS audience, in that we are power users of technology. We don't buy the cheapest machines on the market - we tweak the best ones on the market. That said, Apple is succeeding with folks less like us. Folks like our parents, who never heard of disk defragmenting. Uber-Cheap Windows machines do indeed fail this market. The buyers do get what they pay for, but it's also because they don't know better. Those folks are who this guy is writing for. I've also known VCs who have said they wouldn't take VC money. VCs expect a high rate of return on the money - they take the risk expecting a high return. And if you can get the return on your own money, why not take it? So why go with a VC? 1 - You have no alternative source of income to grow the business. 2 - There is a significant opportunity to scale the business that requires a larger investment, and traditional non-specialized sources of financing won't understand it. (Your local bank or your rich Uncle Jack won't understand why viral marketing and a server farm could enable your business grow 100x, a good VC will.) 3 - Knowledge and Relationships. This is the main reason. A good VC may have been on 30 or 40 boards. They have great pattern recognition for success and failure. They know your industry. Your suppliers and potential customers will take their call. They know how to deal with investment bankers, who won't want to screw them over. It's worth noting that the difference between a good VC and a bad VC is enormous, but they both expect the same return out of you. As they say in the financial world, "He's talking his book." That said, much of what he says is spot on. Software is creeping into everything. Education seems obvious. Health Care will be more difficult. A lot of the change will happen in the US. If we can't invest money, we still can invest our careers. This is interesting psychology. Eventually 10 in a row has to happen. But would you bet 50 cents to win 51? At what point is it Bayesian statistics that tells you not to make the bet? (That somehow the coin is loaded) Seems like an interesting website. Will there be issues of the questions and answers getting out? Or will that be obvious in a second round interview? In that sense it's probably a better pre-screener than a headhunter who says, "I see they're requesting a C guru, and my Word search found the letter C on your resume..." I thought he summarized it accurately in the last paragraph. "So rework, reference, release. Flow through the landscape of your own strengths and weaknesses. Count to 10,000 rework hours as you walk. If you aren’t seeing accelerating external results by hour 3300, stop and introspect. That is the calculus of grit. It’s the exponential human psychology you need for exponential times. Ignore everything else." It took a lot of wording to get there though. :-) He seems to be very good at summarizing many pop-theorists (Gladwell & Friedman) and synthesizing an interesting core idea. My interpretation is, "It takes time to get to the limit of well defined fields, but if it doesn't get easier over time, you're on the wrong path." This rings true. Not everyone that takes an introductory CS course finds it easy, but if the third or fourth one is still awful instead of exciting, perhaps it's time to find a new major. Same with music. Or Literature. The great ones put in the time, but it gets easier. (& Perhaps that's why they can succeed!) Funny! And it's a more concise and effective call to arms than a 30 page peer reviewed article spilling with data. I wish I had something profound to say other than, "Thanks for posting." The signal to noise ratio of Steve Blank is very high. I like this idea a lot. In the past I have been involved with firms who have done this on two dimensions: managerial competence and industry knowledge, or content knowledge and process knowledge. The circle is a great way to add another dimension to it. The hard part seems to be the 2nd step - mapping the skills of the candidates to the description. It sounds easy, but rating soft skills is very difficult. Thanks for sharing this! Interesting. # of patents is a very misleading metric, in the same sense that # of lines of code really doesn't tell you much about quality. My intuition on the purchase is not that each patent is worth ~ 2/3 of a million dollars (~17K patents, ~12bln purchase price - so the math is a little off) or even 1/4 of a of a million dollar (divide by the premium paid that day ~5mm). I assumed that there were a couple big ones hidden in there that had most of the value from a grand strategic point of view. This isn't about nickel and diming everyone on small things, it's about controlling a few of the big ones that will stand up in court. That said, I wasn't smart enough to figure out which subset were valuable on my own. Thanks for sharing! It certainly makes ycombinator's performance seem all the more impressive. What is left out of the equation is the opportunity cost of Angel/VC time. And benefit too. The caliber of advice and strength of networking has a huge impact on fund performance. This comes at a large opportunity cost, as advisor time and attention could be deployed elsewhere. I believe this opportunity cost is higher than tangible dollars. Te benefit certainly is. 10 minutes in and I can say this is a great website! I hope it has the depth to match. Great work Zach! Great series. There are plenty of reasons to be skeptical of small values. The statistical significance probaly won't be there except for high volume sites. There is a paradox - AB is better for big changes, but those changes could also be the most disruptive to existing users. Even with these concerns, look at how efficient this is compared to traditional retail. Imagine all the black magic required to figure out which display for Crest works the best. It was worthwhile to do with very blunt tools. We may not be in the realm of scalpels, but we are well beyond chainsaws. Thanks for sharing! It's obvious, but why don't we do it more? When I was younger I would (snail) mail my favorite athletes with a self-adressed stamped envelope (do these exist any more?) asking for an autograph, and most would reply. Or they had people to reply. As I got older, I would write my favorite authors, as the writer here did. Again I would get a lot of responses. An adage in customer service is "One angry customer generates twenty times the PR as one good customer." If you are the one happy (raving happy?) the creators are happy to hear from you. Most creators (deliberate word choice - creators) are in it for more than just money. A lot of creation is about self-fulfillment. But to be deeply appreciated... Ah!!!! Interesting. One can argue that equity valuations are too high but these firms should be able to survive a downturn. They have profits and are not too dependent on other startups as customers. This is a big departure from 2000. Most of the 11 listed could survive years with a depressed NASDAQ even if IPOs dry up. From anecdotal experience, it does seem like Portland is drawing a lot of talented folks. It is definitely a "bike to work, complain at city hall and drink obscure beer" crowd, but is that such a bad thing? I have to admit I feel like his letter was more like Lou Gehrig than Michael Jordan. I wish him the absolute best. Very interesting. One point on firing senior executives - in many cases it's the first time the executive ever failed. Silicon Valley is perhaps the only exception, but this is precisely because exits are handled well. Being good at separations increases a company's ability to take risks on hiring. Indeed. It appeals to the hacker ethic. And the Green ethic. But not to the SUV and Strip Mall ethic. Or the Zenga (sp?) tie ethic. This article has an economics spin to it, which is interesting as only insiders seem to understand how much mathematics is required in that field. Greg Mankiw lays out a similar defense of mathematics in what we might assume to be a more logic or intuition driven field. ( http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/2006/09/why-aspiring-economis... ) His advice for aspiring Phd students in economics suggests as much mathematics as many undergrad programs require ( http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/2006/05/which-math-courses.ht... ). What's this mean about calculators and learning the basics? There are concepts that you can't mentally understand if your mind can't map the basics of math. I see it in real world examples (people can't make quantitative business judgements on the fly) as well as abstract reasoning. One of the critiques of Google is similar - by reducing what we need to remember, we reduce our ability to process certain ideas on the fly. Like many things, it's ultimately a trade-off. Are the things we mentally miss from utilizing calculators and Google more or less important than what we gain in added productivity? (Is it worth the health hit of driving 5 miles to work rather than walking? Can you mitigate it by spending half the saved time in the gym?) Many folks are viewing this from the wrong angle... This is a serial entrepreneur. Guys like this rarely stay at big companies. Take this from the point of view of a potential entrepreneur - wouldn't it be great to have a guy that's done it twice be one of your angels? Or let's say he starts another company - wouldn't that be a great one to work for? Some thoughts: 1) In addition to technical skills, look for values and fit. Is this someone you want representing your firm? Is this someone you want to share 2000+ hours a year with for the next few years? 2) Do your best to have each hire bring something unique that nobody (especially you!) else is good at. 3) Look for trajectory in addition to location. For example: If there are two people of the same ability, and it took one person 7 years to get there, and the other 3, the junior person is learning faster. You don't want to hire people who have already peaked, as your organization and it's needs will grow. 4) No matter how busy you are, it's always ok to wait if you haven't found the right person. The cost of a bad hire is enormous, and it's a large market. It's ok missing three good hires if the process allows you to miss one bad hire. 5) For more tips, go to www.joelonsoftware.com and page down to the section listing his posts for recruiters. You don't have to follow 100% of what he says, but investing a few hours will help a lot. And this comes from Groupon's hometown. Ouch! My impression is that Groupon works better for brining in incremental revenue. A prior HN post on skydiving captured this very well. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2654788 What I mean by incremental is customers who would never use your business to begin with. It also helps if the business is high margin. These businesses tend to have high fixed costs too. We recently used Groupon for a midweek booking of a fantastic bed and breakfast. Great for them - we'd have never heard of it, and the revenue was largely incremental, while the costs were fixed. Great for us - a B&B when we wanted. Also great for a bespoke suit. ($3000 - a little crazy. But $600 - not so bad) Yoga seems much more variable cost. A big part of the cost is the teacher. Some back of the napkin (streetfighting?) math suggests a class of 15 people pays $8 per a hour class. Counting prep, set up, and tear down, it takes the teacher an hour and a half. So let's say they make 60. Then it's 60 to pay for the space, AC, etc. Very low margin business. Cutting the revenue by 75% doesn't make sense unless you're selling a lot of add-ons or expecting to convert for long term customers. Both are risky propositions at best. Very interesting. It's clear that Groupon is willing to dedicate a lot of pre-IPO capital to the project. Facebook probably figures that it's not worth giving up being profitable to do. At least not yet. In many cases the second or third mover can still win. Think Yahoo and then Google in search. (Whatever did happen to Altavista?) Exactly! Groupon is good for some but not all. Same with Network TV advertising. Same with newspaper coupons. For better or worse, many things happen in Wall Street as a continuation of market convention. Why do people use Bloomberg rather than email? Why is Sybase the standard? Why is so much done in Excel? There are a half dozen reasons for each of these (and a dozen more that they shouldn't be) but the common link is, "It's the market standard, and it's hard to change the standard." My impression is software budget overages are too common to be called Black Swans. According to Taleb, there are two kinds of Black Swans. One comes from underestimating the uncommon event. (Example: Having three ten-sigma events in a week) The other comes from missing the risk entirely. (Example: A casino having risk management systems for the slots and tables, but not for an employee who doesn't submit the forms to the gaming comission) With IT overages, most of the issues are known: - Scope control - Lack of talented staff - Lack of end user engagement - Lack of sponsorship - Poor understanding of external dependencies and integration requirements - Lack of objective metrics of progress When so many projects go over, it isn't a Black Swan problem, it's a White Swan problem. I agree with All the points about hiw government sponsored research (including all public school research) Should be free or near free. The unanswered question is "Why is the market failing?" A couple unmentioned ideas: - Until recently, tuition hikes went unchallenged. - Faculty have a vested interest in maintaining the system. (If my publishing in Journal X marks my competence, what happens if it goes away?) - An alternate system for rating a very hard to measure topic would be needed. Counting scarce publishing, and references in scarce journals is imperfect but nothing else has beaten it. I don't have an answer but perhaps a couple bright entrepreneurs could figure out a better equilibrium, and find a way to cross the chasm to get there. Geoffrey Moore would say pick one vertical or academic discipline. I think this line captures my sentiment: "What’s likely to happen in the daily deals space, analysts have said, is that a handful of industry leaders will rise to the top, while smaller or niche efforts fade away." There isn't room for a dozen of these companies. If the sector has long term profitability, it'll be Groupon, a hipper smaller competitor, and perhaps a niche player or two. Or perhaps niche players attached to bigger businesses. Look at search as an analogy. There's room for Google the gorilla, perhaps Yahoo and Bing, and Wolfram Alpha for the data nerds. Not much else is worth the investment. Thank you for the comments. I appreciate your insights as an academic living through this. Even still, I have to respectfully disagree. I'll grant that the economics in most textbooks starts with the assumption of homogenous buyers and sellers. Economists have found ways of breaking down this assumption without giving up the concept of a market. Granted you lose "Perfect competition" but that's ok. Let's look at an analogy... Rather than academics, let's talk about programmers. There is as much variety in programmer performance as senior faculty performance. The firms that hire these programmers have not been able to create a monopoly. Yes - Google, Microsoft and Facebook have some high margins, but all of them are looking over their shoulders for the next competitor. The technology firm graveyard is filled with former near monopolists. (Excite? Altavista? Compuserve?) I'm sure that there are reasons for the market failing, but I think it's more than a lack of homogenous products and vendors. This isn't that new of a concept. Parents have been lamenting kids being lazy (and too much time in front of the computer, though that's not really being lazy!) since the start of time. Relevant to this discussion is Silicon Valley Snake Oil by Cliff Stoll. http://www.amazon.com/Silicon-Snake-Oil-Thoughts-Information... In 1996 he predates a lot of these ideas by 15 years. And he's gone from physicist-hacker to Klein Bottle (Mobius bottle?) Maker. http://www.kleinbottle.com/ The should/shouldn't argument is really about Free Riding basic research. For most companies this problem means deferring basic rEsearch to govt. Both directly (funding research) and indirectly (IP protection and care policy) governments free ride each others research. The US isn't perfect but generally we are the the horse and not the rider. I see a core kernel of truth here, "You will be more effective if you understand the job of the people using your work products." In design, this means creating something useful as well as art. It spans many industries: - Colocating design and engineering cut years of development time for new models in the auto industry. - Architects who know engineering are more likely to build grand structures. - Tech recruiters who have been line managers know how to screen talent for their customers better. In the end, it's about expanding beyond your specialty. It isn't abandoning your strength, it is moving the boundary. The price seems very cheap for a software firm: just over double revenue. With risk management being so important for banks now, I am surprised. Are they more of a consulting firm with software attached? Am I the only one to think that # is low? :-) Seems like it sold at ~ 20x EBITDA and a little over 2x sales. Expensive by the first metric; cheap by the second. Revenue is ~180k per employee - low for an established company. The weak EBITDA makes or tough buy for a PE firm, who might not be able to make interest payments on the debt required for a purchase. This is much less of an issue for IBM who would pay in cash. I see IBM making half the employees redundant an then pushing the product through their existing sales network. Not a bad deal for them, though it might make Algo a tougher place to work. Interesting article. Reminds me of one of the lessons from Soul of a New Machine: forced scarcity can breed creativity. Too much money allows you to defer hard decisions for too long. The sad part is Stewart covers news better than most so called journalists. This seems natural. The same things reducing the cost of first movers also apply to second movers. The only way to win is to provide better value, either through getting network effects quicker, or innovating more. For better or worse the half life of competitive advantage is shrinking. Good to see he hasn't let it get to his head. Still eating ramen suggests they're scrappy, and his post is about customers rather than an exit. It's actually to keep people from trading on info before it's public. Every investor legally is entitled to get material info at the same time. Being this brutally honest as a firm isn't easy. Sometimes you withhold for what seems to be good reasons - not scaring people, not distracting people, etc. Not everyone reacts well to such transparency. All this said, it did build a remarkably strong culture for them. There is a more subtle and generic message here: your product might sneak outside the target market despite best efforts. Be prepared to pivot. 37s actually has a huge opportunity if they choose to take it. It will be interesting to see where Google lands on the spectrum of "don't discontinue anything" and "all eggs in a few baskets". IBM did well in the former, Apple the latter. Google almost seems to be taking the role of VC. Make many bets. Some pay off. For those that don't, Google can at least keep some of the engineers. Planning doesn't mean slavery to the plan. But planning can be useful, even without 100 page slide decks to sleep through, or massive binders on the wall. Planning can help with: - How many talented developers might we need in 3 years? If we want to grow our own, when do we need to start hiring interns? - At what size do we need to hire a receptionist and start thinking about more space? - What's our burn rate, and when do we expect to run out of money? - What rate of customer acquisition will we need to grow this business? Are we doing the right things to get there? If we do succeed, what's that imply for buying hardware? - What's success look like? - What's failure look like? Now this is an interesting example of recursion in action. :-) Small business frequently uses credit for working capital. If you need 10k to front the cash for 5 more staff at your restaurant, why not? The business will grow. In general savings through austerity is better, but many companies would not grow past sole proprietorships without credit. There definitely seems to be two things going on: - Every year it gets easier to start a new business. - Every year big companies provide less job security. Combine this, and there is a move to free agency. This is great for people who can find a way to get paid for differentiated skills. It is awful for commodity skills. Interesting. Is this a civil rights issue or a libertarian issue? The libertarian in me says, "let the restaurants that don't comply lose their business". But then I think, would I feel the same about businesses (and government agencies!) that disallowed blacks/jews/gays/etc? I lean to the latter, accepting that changing everyone will take time. I hear you and agree very much. Gladwell had an interesting article posted here recently about the racism of the Red Sox owner. The challenge is what to do about it? It would be VERY hard to regulate since the internet is so dispersed. Could a non-profit offer to help? Organizations like Yelp live and die on their accuracy and predictive ability. If Netflix recommends movies you don't like, you will use it less. If Zagat allows too much personal preference, it will no longer be the gold (Maroon?) standard of crowd sourced restaurant reviews. If half the things suggested about Yelp are true, they risk their integrity at great peril. It's actually that they don't want people to lose a day of effectiveness to save money. Some quick math - for an investment bank, average wages can be as much as $400K/year. Divide that by 200 days, and you have someone getting paid $2,000/day. If flying coach kills their productivity for a day, saving $1,000 doesn't amount to much. At the senior levels, this is much more true. Of course having one policy for execs and another for everyone else has many negative consequences. This book was one of a small list on an informal sales training class that I took. After reading it, I started to get impatient when people didn't follow it. Every time I'd get a monster slide deck sales presentation on a firm, I would think, "They have an hour of my time, and they're not asking what I want." Great sales really does add value to a customer. Travel (even if short term) increases cultural awareness and creativity - there is a payoff too. She was dealt a tough hand. Very few firms have second lives and very few innovation firms can cost cut to greatness. Motorola is a more frequent outcome than Apple. The Frankenstein problem is huge. Look at the clutter on Yahoo versus Google. Absolutely captures the difference in focus and culture. Frankenproducts are a sign of a bloated middle management that isn't willing to make a stand on win-lose tradeoffs. Agree on taking responsibility. There are a lot of excuses he could have made: economy, bad PR firm, etc. By taking blame he can now move on to fix things. If I buy something, and the vendor screws up, if they give me a bunch of excuses, I am more likely to think they'll screw up again. If the vendor takes personal responsibility, there is less chance that they'll make the same mistake again. This is tough for both. Who that is capable would want the new CEO spot? And the chairman will be in pressure to sell the firm. Perhaps a private equity firm will buy and split the pieces? In many senses, a damaged technology firm loses value at an alarming rate. It isn't like a factory where someone can wait, buy at the right price, and cut costs to the bone. Thanks for posting. xkcd is great at pointing out the foibles in technology. In full disclosure I didn't. I am just throwing out opinions from the cheap seats. :-) Thanks for sharing This does capture yet another benefit of Apple's model of simplicity. Sales and operations become more streamlined when it's not management by committee. It puts a lot of pressure on the top and can make for being a difficult business partner, but the results are obvious. Good points. Your annecdote about your brother is captures the truism that interviews and resumes are only a substitue for knowledge of someone's real ability. This is why references from employees (smart engineers know others) is much more effective. There are two way to interpret, "Never Give Up" 1 - Never Give Up on the current project. 2 - Never Give Up on big ideas. Hang in there and heed PG's advice on #2. It's very small consolation, but you're 20 months smarter and wiser than when you started, and the market is still receptive. Be resilient, and you will land well. Having style is knowing when confetti is "Voice" versus "Clutter." Great small companies have more room to have Voice. It is very hard for large companies to have it. Or the larger they get, the more they worry about offending someone. Tumbler can have Voice. So can Tech Crunch. Hard for Wal-mart to have Voice. Technology predictions are very tough. (Look at The Road Ahead - missed the Internet ahead) Anything that survived 7 years should be considered a gem that's beyond technology and more about the humanities. (I mean this in the sense of being non-formulaic) Don't short sell the value of continuous learning. If I have two resumes of people 5 years out of school, both appeared to do equal quality work, and one spent a few years getting the online masters, that would be the resume that sticks out. It certainly doesn't trump the learning that comes from working difficult projects with smart people, but it is a sign of self-improvement. If you can't beat 'em, join 'em! Encouraging bootleggers helped the Dead. Why not others? Same as in the article. The firm themselves chose to give away a pirated version. I am certainly not trying to claim that all piracy is good - only that some who embrace it on themselves do benefit. I think his dad is a good advisor. The reason he was hard to sue is that he's so small. If things went really South on a small project, what's the worst thing that happens? He's 22 and talented in New York - he declares bankruptcy, and gets another job or stays on Dad's couch. This is a situational thing - you can accept liability when the downside is so low. This is why legal departments in small firms are much gentler than legal departments in the Fortune 500. Of course this doesn't work for a large firm, or someone with 3 kids and a mortgage. His dad would have said, "Go get a real job" or something like that. Similar on the hiring - when you're that small, you invite someone to take the risk for you. You can take more risk when there's limited downside. And in this case it was the other guy's downside - if there was no work, he'd be the one in trouble. Let's just be practical and all take today off! Wow - what a great use of talent! Turning lemOns onto lemonade is very cliche, but it applies here. Wow - what a great use of talent! Turning lemOns onto lemonade is very cliche, but it applies here. This is a Different spin than "embrace failure like silicon valley." It is about developing resilience. Recovering from failure can't be taught to kids protected from it. I recall a conversation post-graduation with a (the?) top student from my high school. He naturally assumed that every parent intervenes on their kids grades, and couldn't believe mine never did. Perhaps this is why the classmates who had the most professional success were the workaholics not quite at the valedictorian level who used bad grades as motivation. And to those complaining of cliches.... At least they didn't quote the marshmallow story. Every successful store does this. And most successful websites too. Groceries are a low margin business so any price raising idea gets copied over and over. Retailers and consumer products computers are leaders in data mining to test, measure and retest techniques. That said... The Columbus Circle Whole Foods is awesone. Pricey but awesome compared to other local options. I would have never understood this before I had a child of my own. Sometimes the specialist/generalist discussion misses something by being too black and white. A computer is created by specialists, but empowers generalists and specialists alike. Founders and CEOs need generalist skills to complement (not replace) their specialist skills. It helps to be a specialist when job hunting - until your skills are out favor, and then it helps to be a generalist. The post is ludicrous on so many levels.... 1) When people get returns in the 5% a month range, let alone double digits, they usually shut out external investors. 2) Consistent 1-2% monthly returns are frequently a sign of fraud. 3) If you find something on your own that looks too good to be true, 95% of the time it is. If someone else is asking for your money that is too good to be true, you lost that remaining 5%. 4) It is theoretically possible that someone found this once in a million (billion?) possibility and just can't find money for it. But it's more likely that they're either fraudulent, misreading their data, or just a looney tune. Good points. Small scale opportunities do exist in many markets but they rarely need external money. On 1-2% - it's the steadiness that is the issue. Madoff didn't outperform all other hedge funds on overall performance, it's that he never lost money. I'm terms of gearing - if that is the source of returns, why invest in it to begin with when you can lever up on your own without a middleman? Leverage has costs too. If the story is psychological bias, there are many better examples. The uber rich aren't earning double digits monthly on these investments, and they aren't hyper leveraged either. Yes, most of us don't have access to IPOs or Warren Buffet investments. In both cases the buyers shouldn't expect double digit monthly returns. The point of owning your self improvement and taking pay cuts to learn is very true. Most of my big bumps followed tactical stepdowns. People who only chase today's dollars are suboptimizing. The one point I disagree with the author is referrals. It doesn't matter the finders fee, I always try to help with the connection. It's karma. If you aren't doing it for karma, 500 and 5000 are both too cheap. Good points. I guess the caveat is I know a lot of unemployed folks who appreciate the connection. It is true - if you don't know of a match, don't make the connection. I'd still assert that the $500 or $5,000 still doesn't make a difference in that case. If you're doing a favor, you don't need the money. If you're professionally searching, you deserve a much higher share of the fee. Is it paranoia to think that crackers could use a site like this to build password dictionaries? (Note: I'm not implying that's what's happening here) Sounds lime a gem of a person as well as professor. Thanks for sharing! The game is still going! It's great to see that bad news on the IPO market and broader economy is not killing upstream entrepreneurs. The concept I agree with is the Web will look much less like the Wild Wild West. The Web of Grandma needs easily integrated pieces - this is Apple and Facebook, not Linux and Usenet. It's not all evil, there will still be behind the curtain users. It's just they won't be as visible. People who aggregate customers charge for the right. Just ask Wal-mart! Interesting post. It is good to see that the author sees that there is no free lunch. My semi-outside perspective is that there are firms in an arms race to be the quickest at providing liquidity, but his is a small fixed pie. Everything else is being paid to take risk. It is a tough game, especially for folks with skills marketable elsewhere. It takes a while, but great for the poster to realize money isn't everything. Predictions are so much easier after the fact. :-) It seems a little shady for them to claim victory with people staying on the available list year over year. With 120 candidates, how can they not be lucky at least a few times? I have seen studies that Nobel winners live longer. I'd be interested in the NPV of the career benefits above and beyond the award. Is it more lucrative in some fields than others? Whenever ibseebthese lists I can't help but think it's all about starting from a low base. Interesting that none of the ideas pitched commercial or educational success. There are many reasons to read. I think most who don't enjoy reading just aren't reading the right things, but that could be my bias. Without taking sides, the irony is enormous. Of course the point of "use or complain but not both" is clearly invalid. To organize against the ATT monopoly, folks had to use the telephone. You can resent your local airport monopoly, and still fly to Washington to complain. But it's still funny. Take care in who you hire to do your dirty work. :-) He would have a great answer for The YC application question of "how did you hack the system?" I am very surprised this was legal. Aren't there disclosure requirements? Certainly in the US if you acquire a stake of more than 5 or 10% you have to declare it. The issue is of expectations and education. Many clients ask for the following without knowing better: - 100 pct uptime - Zero defects - Zero scope changes - Zero perceptible latency in all cases It is up to the professional specialist to educate the client in terms they understand. Only after explaining in terms they understand can you call them unreasonable. If the client understands and is still unreasonable, the true professional has the obligation to walk away. This sounds dumb to someone dropping out of school, but if you don't finish undergrad, you can't go to grad school. Can you get a tech job without a degree? Yes Can you advance without it? Yes Will there be non-tech folks that skated through easy majors that look at you askance without it? Yes But something to consider.... Undergrads are cattle in Most schools. They pay the bolls that keep schools going, but aren't what the professors care about. In grad school I learned and enjoyed the coursework 10x over undergrad. But you need that undergrad paper first. If you can't afford undergrad, do it at a public school. It's a lot of time and money to impress people. Buy Italian sports car instead. Grad school should be about intellectual curiosity first, connections second, and brand third. Unless you get an MBA, in which case the order is reversed. This is a great lesson in capitalism. When you're the boss, nobody gives your partial credit for good attempts. Either the team succeeds and everyone is happy, or they don't, and the boss takes the fall. Taking this a step beyond the intended message (of football and business), this shows an interesting dichotomy in education in jobs. In many countries (example: Japan, France) school is results based, with admissions based soley on rigorous exams. The real world is softer based more on credentials and connections than results. Compare that to the US... Being a good football player (or trombone player) can help you get into school, but the real world is much less forgiving. Our economy has tough times, but the unforgiving cruel world helps us stay strong. Interesting. Seems like a rare instance of increased computing power hurting individual programmer productivity. Then again increased computing power in general enables more complex software with more specializes software. I have heard that Safari is the product of a very small team, but that's the exception. This may be very nerdly, but.... Look up the addresses of 3 or 4 iconic firms (Google, Apple, Oracle, etc.) and just drive by. Pick big ones so they'll have visible buildings. I don't know why, but just seeing the buildings gives an impression of the importance of technology in the area. In any other city, those tall buildings would be banks or insurance companies. Whatever you do, don't go to Alcatraz! :-) Everything we do that duhumanizes war comes with good ethical concerns (less loss of human life) but this doesn't make war any better. Drones - save our lives. Cruise missiles - save our lives. An A-bomb saved our lives. Not getting into as many wars would save the most lives. (Note: Some wars - like WW II are I admit unavoidable, but very few fall under this heading) You said what I meant to say, but much more concisely, or dare I say productively? :-) The beauty of jiu jitsu is you can visit new academies on business trips. It's a social sport. Great points. Lately I've been cramming workouts right before work or lunchtime. Lots of general health ane energy benefits. For boring married folks like me, I would add family time every day is important. I can't open the website on my iPhone. I hope that's not a karmic hint on the interoperability of the language. Great companies can overcome Marketing mistakes. Coca-Cola was one of the world's great marketers. How else can they get you to pay so much for water + sugar + a jolt? (And how do they charge more for water than Exxon charges for gasoline?) They made a huge blunder in the 80s abandoning the classic formula, with a New Coke that was better by all objective measures. Despite all their market research telling them how good it would be (blind tests, etc) their customers revolted. Shortly thereafter, they backed out of the decision. The Chief Marketing Officer (Sergio Zyman) even turned lemons into lemonade, making a career as, "What we learned when we got New Coke wrong." Netflix made an awful decision. If they were a large static company (or government!) they would have had a hard time backing out of the decision. I'm sure there was plenty of research and consulting powerpoints explaining why it was a good idea, so everyone was covered. Unfortunately, it was a decision that could have destroyed the company. Bravo for Netflix acting decisively and correcting it's course! They likely saved the company. It seems like a linear argument isn't valid here. It shouldn't be X years for Y dollars. Once you rob enough to steal away someone's retirement (As cypherpunks2 alludes elsewhere) it is hard to justify leniency. That said, taken to extremes, it's easy to argue that someone who stole 10 billion deserves worse than someone who stole a million. Dealbreaker looks at the sparse empirical evidence, and their chart suggests a logarithmic function exists. http://dealbreaker.com/2011/09/how-much-time-in-jail-will-a-... The one problem with it being so clear, is criminals take a cost-benefit analysis, and I'd really like all the white collar criminals to think, "Even if there isn't an obvious victim, I am likely to go bankrupt and spend the rest of my life in jail." If you are getting mocked by the Onion - then yes indeed, there was some damage. :-) http://www.theonion.com/articles/netflix-switches-over-to-co... I abhor commutes. Walking to work is the greatest thing in the world. That said, I think he's stretching when he says: "But this misconception about what is a reasonable commute is probably the biggest thing that is keeping most people in the US and Canada poor." There are a lot of things keeping people poor. Bad education. Inequality of opportunity. Poor parenting. Commuting is only one of many. There article is definitely missing substitution effects. The commute may be reducing your working hours, but it's also reducing your TV hours. (And family hours!) I shake my head at colleagues with 3-4 hour daily commutes. I think both their careers and their personal lives suffer. That said, the article has gone a litte too extreme. Gamification has always existing in large companies, though historically it's been more subtle. At 5 years you get a nice pen. At 10 years you get a larger carpet in your office. At 20 years you get a silver picture frame. At 30 years you get a nice retirement party with free shrimp for your friends. Yes - really - I knew LOTS of people at old Ma Bell would hang on underpaid for several years just to get the free shrimp for their friends at the retirement party. All of these come at the expensive of opportunity, interesting work, and money. I do too. One pool of identical whites and one of blacks. Moves the matching problem from O(n) to O(1) and it's ok if you lose an odd one here or there. Unlike Jobs, nobody notices. I find it very strange that non-conformist Jobs who hated 1984ish IBM would be pro-uniform. It's a good story in the overload of Jobsian mythology. It shows a different side of him - that he worried about culture in addition to product, that he wasn't always consistent, and that even He could make design mistakes. Much more human a story than the usual fluff. If a sock has a hole, it gets tossed. Now that I think of it, the mixed sock problem can actually be worse than O(n^2). For instance, if I decide that I want to wear my Marvin the Martian socks, and can only find one in the sock drawer, then it's a big problem. Look in the other drawers. Look under the bed. Look in the dryer. Repeat. Repeat. Until the other one is given up for lost. I appreciate hearing a story that doesn't involve, "Look at how quickly I got rich!" :-) Will it get solved when we straighten out this whole P NP business? Great post but I don't follow the connection to the Mythical Man Month which is about having the wisdom to avoid tossing bodies at a late project. The article seems to be more about making sure you have experience on the GUI. All this said, i shouldn't complain about the title - rather i should just be happy the author shared hills lessons. Good points. As an occasional buyer of consulting services, nothing bothers me more than an introductory meeting far away, or someone who turns a 30 minute intro into a 60 minute brag session. Respect people's time. I am frequently the crotchety old man in these situations but video (and sound) are ripe for digital technology. New technologies in these fields won't replace good stories, but they will replace old technologies. Which came first? Quake 3 or the papers? This defines how interesting it is. I've seen a lot of folks working through Quake's code lately. Hard to tell if they are originators or appliers, but either way it's much more interesting than reading bland examples from a book. I agree. Most books and articles on Fibonacci love don't provide enough data to verify the claims. I find the sequence fascinating, but I hold my wallet when someone claims they use it to predict the stock market. I think it'll be both faster and slower than he says. Faster: Cloud adoption will be huge. Slower: Cloud technology will increase the amount of apps and data used. Low end jobs will exist helping firms get on the cloud. High end jobs (fewer though) will exist at the cloud providers. Completely unethical, and may come back to bite you. Unethical because you are presenting yourself under false pretenses, taking interview slots from people who don't have jobs yet, and are possibly breaking the rules of your placement office. It will come back to bite you in may ways. If your current employer finds out what you're doing, they may go back on your offer. (How would you like it if they kept interviewing people after they offered you the job?) If Google or Amazon find out, you may get blacklisted in the future. Classmates who see what you're up to will not trust you in the future. Net - protect your integrity, as it takes years to make a reputation, and minutes to break it. EDIT - fixed spelling, and add one more point - If you want to work at one of them in the future, get to know the HR reps, and keep contact with your classmates that are going there. Let them know what you're up to. They're the ones most likely to pull you through in the future. (And block it if they see you behaving poorly in the meantime) Bayouborne- Relevant points, but a couple thoughts: - For better or worse, work is like the prisoner's dilemma game. Some people assume, "Screw everyone else" because they view the game as just one play. In the reality, we have long careers. Companies that routinely take advantage of their employees don't stick around forever. In most fields being known as someone who will take the short term selfish path every time will eventually hurt you. - The obvious second point is of course you should avoid companies that have too crazy a CEO to workerbee pay scale, and that treat their employees poorly. - Most of the great success stories in technology are build on loyalty. Ron Conway commands great personal loyalty. (And goes the extra yard for his firms) Many of the legends of Silicon Valley are mentors to large groups of people. Not everyone acts selfishly. But if you do act unduly selfishly, you'll turn off even the most magnanimous people that can help. Just my 2 cents, but I do see this as black and white. I've seen many people take short cuts, and seen many people become highly successful. The two groups don't overlap. I can't imagine anyone on this board taking this article seriously. The journalist positions "Work for someone else, or get your idea funded" as a serious decision. There is no decision. You'll learn 10X more doing everything on your own. You can find good mentors, and peers. You can find people to learn with. And you have funding. The companies that complain they can't find people just aren't paying enough, or sharing enough equity. If it was positioned as, "Starve for 2 years as you build a start-up or work for a medium sized firm with a good salary" - then it's a fair comparison. Having lots of companies start, and fail, is a productive use of resources. Having very smart people choose to do this rather than go into consulting, banking, or working for large firms is also a productive use of resources. That our market is still seeding these ventures with money is also productive - and one of the great things about our economy. Wavephorm, I respectfully disagree. He may legally entertain other offers, but that doesn't make it ethical. If it was ethical, and wouldn't cause residual harm to his reputation, there would be no issue telling the world he was doing it. Bayouborne- I respectfully disagree. I don't want to beat a dead horse too much since I usually protect my wallet when I hear folks preaching about ethics. (Why is it that ethics discussions usually follow people's economic position?) That said... I view it as the Golden Rule. Imagine you're heading to Tulane or Cal Tech or Stanford to recruit. It's taking a day off your schedule, but it's important to bring new folks in to the firm. You screen eighty resumes to interview twelve people, two of which you will bring back to your office for a full day of visits with your team and management. One of the two will get an offer. That's a lot of work. How would you feel if someone was just using this as practice because he would want to work for you later? If you found out, you would blacklist him from your company. Imagine you are one of the students at Tulane, CalTech or Stanford who doesn't have an offer yet. One lucky guy did. So you are trying hard to get on the interview list at Google, because that would certainly be a great first job out of school. Unfortunately you don't get chosen for the interview. Who does get chosen? Your classmate who already accepted an offer from somewhere else. How would that make you feel? What would you do? Talk to them? Talk to the company? In the latter case, it's not "Us against evil companies" it is being selfish at the expense of one's peers. In both cases it backfires. This is about people being professional with one another. Again - I don't want to rant too much on this, as most folks who lecture on ethics usually have hidden agendas. Thanks for listening. :-) DJB - I greatly respect what your company is doing, but I think your firm is in the minority. This is why most college placement offices suspend campus recruiting for people who reneg on offers. I cite MIT Sloan only because I found their policy by accident when I couldn't find their undergrad one. This is consistent with what I've seen at many other places. (I have no link to MIT) From http://mitsloan.mit.edu/cdo/policies.php "We expect that all offers and acceptances be made in good faith. Students are obliged to honor accepted offers. Reneging on an acceptance is a breach of MIT Sloan's Student Recruiting Policies. If a student reneges on an offer, the recruiter should notify Jackie Wilbur at 617-258-6492, as soon as possible. We will review the situation and follow up on your behalf." I'm nerdly (and old?) enough to have played many of those games, and appreciate the history lesson. Thanks for sharing! I pulled the MBA link only for convenience. In my experience competitive undergrad programs are similar. Certainly companies have responsibilities too. In general I think a year is the right period to stick something out. If you hate the industry you hired into, backing out isn't awful. Let's take a step back and go the case in question. Here the individual just wants to see if they could get accepted later by interviewing now. In my mind that is both unethical and carries negative consequences. I promise I'm not this preachy in person! 6 purchases in 6 months, then asking for more money... Sounds like a VC/PE firm, not a deal site. If you're out of cash, I understand letting people go in a hurry but that management team will struggle to get employees in their next venture. Groupon even alluded to the layoffs when the CEO talked about marketing costs dramatically decreasing. Interesting. When I see success, it always seems like there is something additional to intelligence - like work ethic, or conviction. In this case it seems like his place in society allowed him to understand social media before a lot of other smart people. Additionally he had money when others didn't - he could invest in mail.ru and Facebook when other investors were in retreat. Based on subsequent valuations it would seem like Facebook, Groupon and others are doing very well. It only takes a few home runs to cover a lot of strikeouts and singles. I was referencing where his returns came from, not his capital. That's another story which I haven't dug enough researching to figure out. Is this supposed to allude to, "Fred Wilson's doesn't want his companies to IPO, IPOs want to Fred Wilson" or something like that? Fantastic book. One of the things that is rough about computer science academia is usually it's either quickly obsolete, or too theoretical to be useful. In a sense they're confused about being and producing programmers or mathematicians. Brooks is the rare exception. His core concept that adding programmers increases communications which slows you down combines sociology with engineering. It is just as relevant today as when he first wrote it. As mrchess states, you can read it an essay a day to digest it. Or better yet, reread every few years. The material doesn't chance, but with experience, one learns to appreciate him even more. Completely true. It's always worth paying up for good engineers. Good engineers with lots of friends - even more so. Interesting. Focus on the fundamentals and fight in your markets, rather than chasing magic. I hear it a lot. "We should do an ASP", "We need to be a services company" and "We should buy company X." I wonder if the last point is why buyers tend to do worse than sellers in M&A. Of course buyers chasing silver bullets probably helps HN readers on the margin. :-) Great to see a technologist at the helm of IBM. Granted she made her marks in services, then marketing and sales, but the past 3 CEOs have been a salesman, a strategist, and an office politician. I hope she does well, as IBM may need a move as big as hardware to software or software to services. Thanks for sharing. There is always one more interesting than the press release floating around. :-) Is this what you intended? I see a like to Wharton's Strategic R&D management. I am generally against certification in most fields, but... 1) It's very hard to identify a good lawyer. If we (as true libertarians) did away with the bar exam, wouldn't someone create an exam so those unable to tell good lawyers from bad would have something to look at? 2) Don't we have enough (more than enough?) lawyers and law suits already? 3) They claim lawyers are overpaid. I only find this to be true in large corporate law firms. Maybe a compromise is do away with law schools but not the bar? I was thinking A/B testing too when I saw the headline. This seems something better to do earlier rather than later, especially if you're looking for repeat business, as you can alienate those who liked the old name. This can be dangerous even for logos. (Look at the Gap and Starbucks for issues there.) Very good questions. I'm here for answers too. Can you describe more about the newspaper requirement? Seems like an outright subsidy to old media. Depends on the school too. Its easier to parlay a philosophy major from Princeton into a good job than philosophy from Ohio State. Though your premise is correct, Accenture is public, not private. They (like many others) wanted to expand beyond pure consulting, and the partners wanted to cash out. Accounting and law firms may be a better example, though even they aren't as entrepreneurial as you think. They have their own regulations and internal politics. This is still a valuable skill. Not the only one but a valuable one. Who wants to tie their money or career to someone who can't get you paid on the other side? Very good points. This is also why traditional economists (while having their own reasons to struggle with being called scientists, at least have theories) complain about behavioral economists. They say, "You point out exceptions to our theories, but what's your counter-theory?" In general the behavioralists are content to point out that the emperor has no clothes. I agree, most suck. The only ones who don't are ones with many years in the industry they services. There are ex-engineers that make good engineering headhunters. There are ex-brand managers that make good marketing brand managers. Even still, the good ones still have minions running around getting meetings for them, and having lunch, and cold calling, and generally being worthless. The lackeys are in the same league as used car salesmen. One subtle point the writer may have missed: - I can’t really source candidates from agencies that are not on the vendor list. You have to go to HR first. - Okay… in that case why don’t we have coffee or lunch next week? The second line wasn't ignoring an exception. It was a subtle was of saying, "If you're not hiring, perhaps I can find you a job." 2nd Life caught my eye - as did the absence of many winners since then. :-) True. And their stock trading performance bears this out. Very sickening. Isn't the job of spinster to imply that? :-) I wondered the same. All I can think is this is a sign that IBM is no longer a technology company. I think we are overanalyzing here. This is like a car company that maintains a garage to attract people who like to look under the hood. It's taking a strategic people decision when hard data isn't easily available. Everything about sys admin job descriptions seems like a digression. That's just what I was getting ready to type. I wonder if this type of basic research pushes the boundary of knowledge. Are we sure this isn't a spoof? Multiples of Money is actually another way of saying IRR - it's just adding the dimension of time. Christensen is ripping on the slaving devotion to single metrics that some firms follow. This is very true. Any individual metric can be gamed. If you focus on IRR only, people will game it. Same with NPV. Same even with the Net Promoter Score that the article pushes. (Easier to delight customers if you aren't worried about profit.) The challenge of management is balancing these measurements, and minimizing sub-optimization. In short term there are conflicts between them, but firms with a longer term focus find profitability goes hand in hand with net promoter score. But in many ways it's long term versus short. In fairness, if you replace Russia with India, is it so far off? Remember that there were many years of books with titles like, "The rise and fall of the American programmer" that talked about the educational system in Eastern Europe. Thanks for sharing the site! Seems the key is timing. Right before taking a free throw, the visualization helps. No benefit to worrying about misses. Three months into a six month development? Then it's better staying up late thinking of the competition. Save the champagne for later. It's easy to sink a lot of money into renewables. (Look at our govt) Great that Google didn't have the hubris to chase this too long. Being great at search doesn't mean solving world peace, boiling oceans, or solving the energy crisis. I am very surprised that many of these recruiters can stay in business. Even if internal HR departments are lazy, how do they get candidates that actually pass interviews? Sometimes I wonder if it's a field with a low barrier to entry, that just weeds people out. It's relatively easy to be a stock broker, but hard to stay in it and make money. Similar with Real Estate. The one caveat on this... Recruiters are also people working for a dollar. One day many of us will need them too. Burning bridges with anyone in the hiring process has limited upside, and potentially large downside. That said, if someone rejects both the polite "I'm not interested" and the less polite, "I mean I'm really really not interested" then it does become fair game. In this case, it's hard to imagine they're much more than a quarter step up the food chain from the folks spamming me about viagra. "Product Guy" can translate to "non-technical" similar to "Business Analyst". 95% of the so-called Business Analysts I see (many from top schools and top firms) really don't know anything about the businesses they're analyzing - they get the title by a lack of technical background. Of course the 5% of "Product Guys" and "Business Analysts" that are true talents are worth their weight in gold. Thanks for sharing. I think it's a better math lesson than coin tampering lesson. Hard to imagine the wrench is state of the art. :-) One of the subtle lessons here is just how many tosses you have to make to get a high confidence level. In business, how often do we get that many rolls of the dice or tosses of the coin before having to decide? And what's that say about how confident we should be? (Perhaps this is way so many HN folks have pivoted) Fair enough. :-) At least with developers, the progress can be more tangible and visible. Very tough for Kodak to recover. What's amazing is how ahead of the game they were. Digital cameras in 1975. Fischer was also ahead of the game, and they scaled back because their short term earnings suffered. In a way they remind me of another aging Rochester company - Xerox. Regarding other comments about the town... If you're a specialist in a small or medium sized city, and not willing to move, you are at risk. This is true if you are branding specialist in Cincinnati, a Russian literature specialist in Albuquerque, an also if you're an imaging specialist in Rochester. The idea that a company can protect you because it is large is obsolete. By encouraging that thinking, they are making their demise all the more likely. "That said, you come off as a needy manipulative little shithead." He was supposed to be 14 at the time, no? It could be an honest appraisal of amateur Macchiaveli-ism, no? Not seasoned, but, any time I ask someone for money, I try to... 1) Put myself in their shoes, and talk in their terms. 2) Understand their niche. (Seed? Early Stage? Late stage? Software? Hardware? Energy?) 3) Be authentic. The money comes with strings based on what you promise. If you lie about your project, product or person, you will have to keep it up indefinitely, and that's a recipe for failure. 4) Respect their time. Be assertive without being aggressive. Break a leg! A couple thoughts here: 1) As the article states, Facebook has fiduciary duty to Facebook and nobody else. 2) Same with the VCs. 3) This isn't unique to high tech. Sometimes a CEO will accept a bad merger price to become the CEO of a larger firm. This is called the principal-agent problem and is why boards should be involved in all M and A. 4) Unless there are competing bids it is hard to prove a failure of fiduciary duty. In the end it's reputation. If the Angel and VC feel screwed then the execs won't get money again. If not it is ok. It is lie Prisoners Dilemna - you play nice in a repeated game. It is a fast oversimplification to say that economists lose and Mandelbrot wins. Eugene Fama ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugene_Fama ) whose Phd thesis coined the concept of stock prices following a random walk simultaneously wrote about Mandelbrot distributions ( http://www.jstor.org/pss/2350971 ). Regulatory capture is the natural side effect of regulatory control of industries. Look no further than Barney Frank asking the companies he regulated to hire his SO. There is no perfect solution, and complain as I do, we still have something good and fixable. In general I prefer less regulation and smaller government so we can let the market handle resource allocation for us. The less pie for the govt to waste, the better we are. I believe regulation is definitely needed where there are externalities: pollution, access to education, basic r and d... Our system is messed up. I would let anyone in with a degree from one of the top 25 or so schools abroad. IIT, Tokyo, Cambridge, etc. Also anyone with a 2 year grad degree in the top 20 in their field in the US can stay. Only lastly would I add buying your way in, though 100k seems low. I would think 200k, with an alternative of making a 500k investment instead of retiring the debt. Point 2 is very important. The IRS is getting tougher and tougher on companies for hiring consultants who look like employees. Even companies like Microsoft have stumbled with this issue. It's a tangent, but David Carr is an interesting bird, spanning both old and post-Twitter journalism. You can get some insights on him in the recent NY Times documentary -> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Page_One:_Inside_the_New_York_T... Nothing profound to add, just thanks for sharing! I think it's only fair. After all, how many creatives like typical square teachers? Exceptional students and exceptional teachers eventually find each other. While I won't comment on the product or company, the pitch was very well played. For a few hours (tops!) of effort they can guarantee a famous VC will look at them. Crunchbase should graciously take the meeting. Even if they don't, they will look at the product. Very good PR move. If they don't bite, then blame the product. :-) Edited to fix a typo. I was also hoping for Stanford. This is not meant to disrespect Cornell - I just question how additive it will be. Cornell has long produced great Engineers, but many wind up in NYC anyway. Will cutting the prop plane to Ithica really be a game changer? The most interesting part is the Technion angle. With Stanford, you could accomplish two things. First of all, you add incremental Engineering talent. Second, uoubopen a new network and way of thinking. It really could have been a game changer. My question for Hizzoner Da Mayor... Why not both? The banks have two sets of clients to appeal to. The Investment Bankers have corporate clients to keep happy. In 2000 companies were happy for the big 2x IPO day pops. Now they realize this is very expensive PR. On the other hand, their Institutional Sales has to keep all the Mutual Funds happy. Fidelity will forgive one misplaced IPO, but not a stream of them. If a bank can't sell to mutual funds, they won't get new mandates from corporations. Banks have to walk a thin line to keep both sides happy. (Of course they get paid well when they do it right) Interesting. In Columbia's case I would ask, "you are already there, what are you waiting for? Free land?" After companies get to be a certain size it gets tougher and tougher to do basic research. Part ofbitbia corporate culture part is fear of undermining existing products. The examples where this isn't true (lockheed Martin's skunkworks, Apple) are very rate. More common are large companies shifting from innovation to services (IBM an GE). This makes sense. Will one company necessarily know how to commercialize a technology? This is one reason the Angel and VC models work. They separate the innovation from big company politics, and create an enviroent where killing old products is encouraged. They have the resources to invest, but struggle to commercialize. This is why so many of Xerox's great inventions were commercialized elsewhere. Even when they have success stories (ibm's first PCs) they are usually hives off from the rest of the firm. Smaller firms lack development dollars but have more flexibility in finding a market niche. For early stage innovation, being small also can force simplicity. Great way to staff a project within a firm, but violates the confidence of a job search. The only thing I think that might be ok is asking people within your own firm who know them. Thou captured much of my reaction. 9 years doesn't make research rigorous if the methodology is flawed, and the end sample sizes are small. Comparison companies are good but don't solve methodology concerns. And I am actually one who lIkes Jim Collins. It's just bad to view it as rigorous. The CIO put it in his own words - if people are leaving for other firms, he isn't paying a market wage. You have to earn the loyalty of 20somethings. They've seen large companies lay off hordes of people for dumb reasons. You can't pay someone with short ye time horizons a sub-market wage. Pay up foe your people as they get experience, or pay up to find stable people or pay up to retrain new hires every year. He misses some key statistics... The Japanese government is wallowing in debt. Much of the current standard of living is based on borrowed dollars. Their debt to GDP ratio is worse than any of the European countries in crisis and much worse than the US. This is despite having outsourced most of their military to the US. I find Japan endlessly facinating, and cringe when I see one dimensional reporting in any direction. There is much more subtlty involved. Yes - their debt is held locally. And they own a huge chunk of ours. This means that they have less currency risk in the case of deflatiOn. Perversely, the citizens are loaning the govt hundreds of billions to buy loans whose value depreciates as their currency strengthens. The Japanese deflation was good for consumers and tourists alike. Unfortunately the exchange rates are making it expensive to visit again. Too bad - it's such a fascinating place. Similar to correlation and regression. Great concepts, and can add a lot of implied rigor to a mountain of BS. It gets monetized indirectly. Ycomb gets first look for many firms, and these firms get first look at many great developers. This site is plenty monetized - just not with ads or user fees. The challenge with business schools is thatvtheyvare schools. To justify their existent they need academic rigor. They also need coursework easily digestible by people from a variety of backgrounds that prepare students for post MBA careers. In general this means accounting, finance and to a lesser degree marketing strategy. What is left out are the harder to teach items - emotional intelligence, judgment, etc. These soft skills come from the school of hard knocks, with perhaps a few short cuts from good mentors. Even when they try, business schools get it grossly wrong when they try to teach these topics. In defense of the MBA... It is the optimal place to learn Accounting. It's too boring to learn via self study! Was Fred Wilson being literal, or just encouraging folks to be contrarian? Contrarianism does have some empirical support. (Low PE stocks have outperformed high PE stocks over long time horizons) Big companies like to hire big names. "nobody got fired for hiring IBM". In this case, find the problem to solve for everyone first. Many small suppliers of these places got their start on the inside. You do have to know exactly how you can help for someone at a risk averse place to go out on a limb. Being smart isn't enough. Good for networking, but also forces you to stay off the smartphone and focus. This would only work if there was one universally agreed upon truth. Our experiences color our opinions. One persons Fat is another persons 3/4 finished with a weight loss program. We all think we're above average. Rather than spending so much effort cutting each other down to get the real pecking order, isn't it better to build each other up to fit our inner ideal? This highlights the risk of being a small player at the beck and call of a much larger one. It's size too. If you don't have something they want, they have no incentive to help you. If you are small, the Not Invented Here syndrome pushes them to think they could donut better themselves. Interesting article. I think reading outside one's comfort zone (as well as programming outside one's comfort zone and meeting people outside one's comfort zone) is valuable for a few reasons: 1) As Charlie Munger and others have said, to win an argument, you must know the other person's position in their own words better than they do. 2) Reading for reinforcement is useful hut has diminishing returns. I may not agree with a lot of Noam Chomsky or Ann Coulter but I have still read some of what they write. If nothing else it sharpens my reasoning. And it also opens horizons. 3) As the article states, being narrow is boring. 4) Being broadly read provides access to ideas that others don't have. I will add anecdotal evidence.... Movies this year suck. We have Grandma the babysitter around and my wife and I only took advantage once. After seeing Sherlock Holmes none of the movies beat Netflix. It isn't just the context, it's the content too. Dare I suggest you have the three priorities sorted in the wrong order? Many of the so called narrow job descriptions actually require many skills. Being a good Front End Web Developer requires knowledge of CS, psychology, industrial design and the functional domain of the website. Of course as others have stated, it's easier to be multidisciplinary at a small place. This whole exercise confirms that schools are rapidly becoming sorting institutions rather than learning institutions. My sense is they are decoupling the sorting (I am smart by virtue of getting into Stanford) from the education. As long as the sorting is clear, students won't complain about the education. As a society we are lucky to have both his intelligence and patience for all these years. As someone nearing that middle, I think a lot of it is which direction you look. Was high school your peak, is this moment the peak, or will next year be the peak? And what do you mean by peak? Physical, mental, spiritual, social? Interesting article. They paint research misconduct as a Chinese problem. I would be surprised if it doesn't happen a lot in the US too. What I think the author misses is how short lived these monopolies can be. AOL was a near monopoly. So was Netscape. And Internet Explorer. So was Altavista. Or was it Excite? Or Yahoo? Was it Nintendo that had the gaming console monopoly or Sega? Wasn't there a great Scandanavian monopoly on phones? Until there wasn't. Companies can lock down their market for a generation, or perhaps half a generation, but few hold onto it forever. My 2 cents on the "too specialized" arguments... 1 - In high school, the people who take multiple CS subjects tend to be intellectually curious, and good at many other things. The same folks who took AP CS with me also took AP European history. I suspect it will be similar here. 2 - Similar to what folks say about Stuyvesant, I don't think there will be a crowding out effect of other subjects. 3 - If done right, the teachers can connect many other subjects to computer science: Philosophy, Mathematics, the Scientific Method... This can make those topics more interesting, not less. 4 - The rigor of learning to program is applicable in many other fields. Computer Science grads frequently go into other fields precisely because of this. This diminishes the "Let's fix the software engineering deficit" argument, but it's true that CS as a major signals ability above and beyond programming. If I had grown up in NYC, I would have done anything to go to this school. I am glad that my children might have the opportunity to go to a place like this if they so desire. There's definitely a life lesson in her tragedy that's getting lost amongst folks arguing whether or not she was a true prodigy. It seems clear that she had emotional intelligence above and beyond analytical. That should be enough. I feel terrible for her parents. Burying a child has to be the hardest thing in the world. Seems like an overall issue with vendor management. Wow! I dont know him and I am brought to tears. It certainly highlights the benefits of investing in Health Care to improve and save lives. SciFi happening today! Bravo! Despite the folks saying, "It's not stealing," I think there is good reason to make a principled stand. Reddit is not a competitor. Amazing it took this long. I can't remember the last time I used regular film or a modal camera. I suspect when Grandma and Grandpa got digital and started sharing on Facebook, they were done. It's a shame because like their neighbor Xerox they were technologically advanced. They were big in digital pre-2000 and slammed on the brakes when they hit short term losses. Chalk it up as another case of large firms struggling to innovate. Makes Apple seem all the more impressive. I view it as a non-entity and I am a large user of social networks. I spent 30 minutes building circles and gave up when nobody posted. It doesn't add enough to be useful. Its not Friendster yet, but.... As others have said, engineering is hard. It's also why managers in other fields like to hire engineers. I am just surprised by the chart. It implies engineering majors only study 4 more hours per week than humanities majors. I would have thought it to be much higher. And this is the same Dodd who supposedly reformed WallSteet Although this is satire, let's not confuse the quality of the idea or it's implementation, with how well the paper is written. Those are very different criteria. Interesting - in a few days we have articles from the New York Times pointing to Pacific competition in manufacturing, and the LA Times pointing to European competition in manufacturing. What's interesting is the article on Germany provides a more positive message. "Just a little less consumerism, a little bigger social net, and more vocational training, and everything will be all right." The article on China was, "It ain't coming back." My bias is the New York Times article more accurately captures the truth for high tech. It's a game of systems and clusters, and it's hard to see us winning. There's little competitive advantage any more, except at our top engineering schools. Perhaps we're better off becoming the world's best farmers? It wounds like the poster has managed two disciplines very well: - Managing the sleep schedule. (Getting to bed to get up early) - Managing the work schedule. (Kanban system) I have no idea what his product is, but it's hard to imagine that he won't be successful over the long term with habits like this. Being a good editor rather than writer applies to design and coding too. Of course this is probably why the article is in HN. It would be interesting to follow the money trail on these 16 scientists. I do somewhat buy the plausibility of the economic arguement that reacting to global warning is more efficient than trying to stop it. The "it's not proven" crowd seem to be in the same camp as the folks claiming you can't prove smoking causes cancer. Interesting comment. I think the Avatars go away in a post-Hollywood world, but the smaller movies will thrive. I like what he said about Wal-Mart of China being an on-line company. A lot of the emerging markets skipped fully building out landlines to go mobile. Could a country skip brick and mortar to go largely online? I can think of a dozen reasons why he's wrong, but I'd have said the same about several of his investments, and he's the one who has been right so far. Interesting. The Yuri Milner thread suggests that the Walmart in China will be 100% online. Based on this article's market values of $88 billion for Amazon versus $719 million for Barnes and Noble, I'd say he's right. Another thread today references Barnes and Noble versus Amazon. http://www.nytimes.com/2012/01/29/business/barnes-noble-taki... If Amazon really has 100+ times the market cap as Barnes and Noble, perhaps it's another reason to think Yuri is right! Speaking from experience, they don't pay as well in Iowa as the coasts, but it is possible to find a job if you'll move to where they are. To generalize about the midwest, you have a lot of people who still spend their life at one company, and do respect the simpler work histories. I find the use of kickstarter more interesting than the tool. Perhaps this is because I generally wake up when my kid starts screaming, rather than when my body tells me it's time. Amazing this got by Steve Jobs! But I think we're missing that it's a parody of the old movie industry. I like reading Collins, but he's not much for rigor. His "Good to Great" companies didn't stay Great. Indeed - it's a big tradeoff. It's probably 1/2 the cost of either coast, and you can send your kids to public schools without worrying about them getting mugged. But it speaks to the culture when cities brag about being, "Just 4 hours from Chicago, Minneapolis, Omaha and St. Louis" A definite trade-off. My sense is survival (as opposed to market outperformance - the subject of his later book) comes from 2 sources: Financial conservatism and culture. Procter and Gamble does well because of low leverage, and a culture that values long term investment in the company's brands and people. Same with GE, IBM and many others of the Collins list. I would add Berkshire Hathaway to the list. Unfortunately I find that concepts like Passion, Best in Class and Economic Engine to be hard to measure. One of the comments on your post had to do with innovation. It's very hard thing to identify is what's the right level of innovation - too much and you're chasing every fad, not enough and you're stuck in the mud like Xerox. They were the penultimate example in the 80s and 90s, but are they still? (I don't know the answer, but I believe the innovation machine has slowed) I'm not sure they're doing good stats... A better first question is, "What % of advanced degree engineers become founders?" and "What % of MBAs become founders?" From there you can go on to questions of size and success. As listed, the answer tells us nothing. For all we know there are 30x as many engineers as MBAs. Or vice versa. The conclusion could be the same as stated too. Before complaining about success and size, it is important to know what % of college grads have each of these majors. Without knowing this, the conclusion of "Engineers with advanced degrees are more likely to become CEOs than MBAs" is suspect. Interesting article. It basically cover loss leaders. Not news, but perhaps it was to apple. HP gives away printers to sell ink. Safeway cuts the price of bananas to 30 cents a pound so you'll buy overpriced oranges. It appears the same with Amazon and the Kindle. It's possible to make a great product, but lose money with poor strategic positioning. What makes Apple so much money is they nailed BOTH the product and the business model that allows them to make money. It seems clear the business model mindset is there to stay. Will the product revolution continue? This is one reason the P/E is closer to that of a more mature company. Are they looking for PR or for that smart person who finds it to apply? It's amazing how many folks at a software firm struggle to make a videoconference call, let alone a 3 way call. :-) Then again, in a prior life as a telecom consultant, I couldn't get 3 way calling to work on a landline. It took me many years to learn the leave and counter game. The caveat is once you start playing this, you lose trustworthiness in the eyes of your employer. You get money, but lose promotions. I think firms need to be consistent. Either play the game all the time, or never. If you waver, you might lose someone who just thinks it's a way to get a raise. The investment banks are the worst at this. People grinfuck you when you waste their time. The core point lost in the delivery is startups need to build and sell. We learn how to deliver. Few are taught how to sell. (& certainly not in any top 10 MBA curriculum!) I don't see Khan replacining teachers - Henie changing what they do. Rather than lecture and quiz in the classrom, he enables the model to be flipped. Lectures and quizzes on your own time, come to class for help and interactive discussion. The material may be the same but the fellows at MIT generally pursue it much deeper. Seems to me that Zynga is just operating like a credit card company. This isn't a judgment, I just find it have an emotional response towered MasterCard or Visa. They also do a lot of data analysis, only care about their best customers, and copy each other at every turn. I still use them. Great call if his heart wasn't in it any more. You need to look forward to going to work and going home. Leave one out of balance and things fall apart. I am curious about the culture there. FogCreek seems very family friendly. Did it not bleed over? All Science Fiction writers miss big trends. Asimov missed computers. Whoops! This makes it all the more impressive when they do hit it. And the greatest science fiction renders technology irrelevant. When Star Trek broke racial stereotypes and attacked bigotry - that was a cultural message. Am I the obliging who dislikes giving this jackass notoriety? Ignore the trolls, don't feed them. Every business likes to buy from perfect competition and sell as a monopoly. This keeps input prices low and output prices high. This model is so profitable that companies bribe politicians to maintain it. Donating to a SuperPAC is more cost effective than R and D and has anshoeter payback. I see 2 ways of fighting this: 1) Civil disobedience - Pirate everything and share while willingly accepting the consequences. 2) Shine lights on the evil doers. Support wiki leaks. Publicize. Organize voting drives. I have bills to pay so I support number two. Great social change requires number 1. Fair points though the Internet delivery model won't make advertising or sales promortion go away. More efficient, yes, but not gone. I agree - systems fail for many reasons at once. People like root cause analysis because it allows everyone to point the finger at someone else. Of course the flip side is equally awful. When folk say "that's just how it works around here" you know you are doomed. Selfishly, I couldn't imagine an angel funding strategy that didn't involve begging him to be an early investor. The original post suggests he will be a lottery pick, perhaps first overall. Whoops. The writer caught his being undervalued but overestimated the math skills of basketball GMs. It's hard to avoid the Linsanity now. They're awesome and you're SuperDad! Yet another reason to love P and T. Although unmentioned he captured the valley spirit of execs mentoring youngsters who might nonetheless become competitors. Whoops! Kind of got that one wrong. It's hard to draw a line on where privacy gets crossed, but this seems like it. Hard to imagine that Target doesn't lose a customer for life when their pregnancy gets prematurely outed. Fair point. Normally the downside is just a stamp when the coupon gets pitched. Here it's more. but it's still a cost benefit analysis like anything else. HK is prospering Interesting. Perhaps I've got a little too much bias from just seeing Finance over there surviving better than Finance over here. I was thinking the exact same thing. Great quote! I recall a friend 20 years ago talking about his dad getting a Phd in vacuum technology. Sometimes I feel lime that today. I still don't think my degree was wasted. - A CS degree in any era signals persistence and an ability to solve non-BS problems that have a distinct right answer. - Modern technology is so much fun, I am happy to learn it. - Google and StackOverflow have made learning specific technologies so much easier. No more staying up until 2 with no resources. - The earlier you get into the field, the more likely you will know things at the bottom - memory management, database tuning, etc. This isn't meant to imply that CS is easy now. There is a larger body of knowledge to master with many moving parts. Just that an old degree isn't so worthless. (Neither is a 20 year old Physics degree) Perhaps in an academic sense, but in terms of actual usage it's one of the biggest, no? Is there a comparable struggle between academic teachings and practical application in engineering? Do EEs, ChemEs or MechEs have these discussions? I would thing this hits them too. I was just getting ready to post. What an adventurer! With tech workers it's always tough to know, though, right? The average quality goes up, but so does the variation. What makes it tougher is the average non-technologist has a hard time quantifying technology people. "This one is good, but 2x good? 5x good? 10x good? 10x good for the task at hand? " Yes, there is that silver lining. :-) Not true in that he doesn't show it, or that this doesn't happen in reality? I see the latter happening with specialists - firms will overpay to get a much needed specialist. I have seen instances where "key resources" get bid up internally until they make more than they could elsewhere. I only have 4 data points though - not enough to make a broad generalization. When I think of Dell, I don't think of PCs. I think of negative working capital, printers and ink. The process efficiency doesn't help when people don't want to buy your products, and the printer market doesn't seem like the gold mine it once was. The company isn't in great shape because they lost on product vision and product quality. And you'll save 3 more by having less letters to type in your title. I interpret it this way... People who fight to come here work hard. I'm not sure if it is due to the difficulty of the trip scaring the lazy, or the relative opportunity, but immigrants drive this country. The first generation works hard. The second works smart. The third works rich. The next blows it all. :-) Seems like a little upselling going on in the defense. That is mastery. If not having the right credentials were the issue, they would not have wasted their time or yours to begin with. It has to be another reason. Companies usually don't provide feedback for several reasons. One is they don't want word to get out on what the correct answers are to questions - people will game the system. The other is legal protection. They don't want to open themselves up to a lawsuit from someone who thought might have done well in some areas, but not well in others. It took everything I had to not submit this as, "turing's test results" Sometimes the overtime is implicit in the rate. If you joint a sweatshop that pays 100K, you know going in that it's not $50/hour for 2000 hours, it's more like $40/hour for 2500 or $33.33 for 3000. It's not unpaid, it's built into the expectation. The real question is, "How much do you want to work?" If you are a talented hacker, you can answer that however you want. If you are 21 and looking for someone to teach you a trade while paying a good wage in a tough job market, it is a more difficult choice. The city does seem serious about this. Best to get it done before Bloomberg is out! Any field that produces only one metric will find people optimizing on it. Eventually the metric loses it's value. This is true in teaching, programming, and most everything. Life's not so one dimensional. I was a bignpropknent of OT for non managers since they have less control. The danger with paying managers OT is every hour they do "make work" causes the organization to spend 10 more so you don't want to invent that. OT policies encourage managers to properly staff from the start. It does make sense to me. How much do they make on small transactions and how much does human intervention cost? These firms have tons of internal overhead too. A customer with 100mm is possibly only 10x as hard to serve as one with 100k. I suspect the endgame is 100 pct automated services for most of the market. This won't be provided by the big firms who struggle to get my credit card and checking account on the same screen. Much of the power of SO comes from twin occurrences: 1) Most answers are well indexed on Google. 2) They are right often enough that seeing SO in the search results generates a click over other options. The net is a very high brand value. Hard to monetize by putting up a pay wall and hard to beat too. Network effects suggest that one service with a million users beats ten with 100 thousand each. Very valid points. People will forgive all kinds of mistakes and failures - except for ethical ones. There are always reasons to take the short cut in prisonner's dilemma but work and life is a repeated game where trustworthiness pays. In the first example (staying loyal to a lower valuation) financial incentives are on the aide of ethics. The later example (tossing out a signed term sheet to get a better investor) is where it's a real test. It's not an ethics decision until there is downside. On many cases they are top cumbersome to change. Classic Innovators Dilemna. It has to be someone new without top of the market profits to protect. That entrant will serve you and me. The challenge with management is the costs of waste get externalized and multiplied. Bing wasn't gibberish. Bing was wrong consistently in the same way. Just a subtle point that the problem is doable. I'd be interested in broader comparisons. Looks like Google finds ways to keep getting better. It's an arms race... Geogle wants to be so much better than everyone else that people won't mind ads thrown in. That's ambitious. They also have to stay ahead o SEOs who compete with their ads. This makes a lot of sense. Their search results can't self teach for obscure things. True. And CS is still one of the more practical degrees. But in the end faculty are weighted on their research, and producing Phds who cite their research, so post-undergrad employment isn't a big concern. I can see how the standard "first class is scheme second class is discrete math" scares some away. How big of a population actually gets lured unto programmingblater in life? Seems like a very hard fight and a slippery slope. This time it's personal and seemingly one sided. What happens when it's competing commercial interests that sue for a change? I'm willing to say for many things, "You don't have to work there if you don't want to" but this particular issue bothers me. Most firms can Google you, and find a lot of public Facebook info. If that's not enough, asking for your password is basically wiretapping a mobile phone for which you make no business calls. It's VERY hard to live with this. I'm struggling to come up with any justification. About all I can fathom is a world in which they have to prove 100% that you're not insider trading. But if they need your Facebook to prove this, this need to tap your personal phone # and read all your snailmail too. And every personal email account. Wow this is depressing. Absolutely true. I learned this in an academic setting, after which it seemed so obvious. Very time efficient, and increases the chance that both sides leave happy. From an economics standpoint I'd like to sell my organs. From a morality standpoint, the article is disturbing, but you can still have my parts when I'm done with them. Wow! Unclear if this is fact but 2 things surprised me. - I wasn't convinced it would be base 2. - I thought if it was, base 8 made more intuitive sense. The former mistaken opinion was a caution against viewing the world as computable. The latter was not heeding the caution. Mother nature works in mysterious ways. My selfish 2 cents. Let's say there is a 1 in 1000 chance the doctor is wrong. (or even 1 in 50) I will live better knowing my death saves 3.3 lives - well enough to take the risk. Organ donorship is the easiest way to save life outside of giving blood. It's reasonable enough - which is why it isn't morally right to force this on anyone. (& I do think people should get paid for their organs) Given your unwillingness to donate organs, would you consider it morally wrong to be given an organ if you needed one? Great post! The comments about persuasive ads hits home. Another frustration is sales messages on the startup screen. Once a game requires too much parental interaction to back out purchase requests I delete it. The article still overflows with ego. From table tennis champion to Rhodes Scholar! How about this title, "Man complaining because Time Warner won't let him steal neighbors cable"? Seems just as inaccurate but at least captures the spirit. His Michael Lewis moment? Any contention on this topic should be solvable in the market. Companies and managers that believe in the 40 hour week fight it out with companies and managers who don't. (This decision is made by managers - though employees have to agree) Different people have different amounts to give at different stages in their life. Let the market decide which approach is more enlightened, and let people decide how much they want to work. Apologies for posting a linked article to a linked article to an unlinked Moody's report... FT sometimes has a paywall, so I prefer to link to a summary. The FT article ( http://ftalphaville.ft.com/blog/2012/03/14/923981/a-us-corpo... ) quotes a total corporate cash # of 1.3 trillion (bottom chart) and projects growth from 150 million. Mess with the numerator and denominator both and you get the shift. What's your source on the 2.84T? It appears the article takes into account ST & LT liquid investments, so it's probably not a difference in accounting. Interesting. I was thinking they just left out banks. Amazing the power of dividing apples by oranges. :-) I love the idea of supporting space science, ut in a deficit ridden economy, is this extra percent of spending more valuable than health care research, lowering the cost of education or solving world hunger? Before going to Mars I would like a decent school on my street. I hate to say I agree with someone named Whateverer, but you hit it on the head. We have issues locally we need to solve. In 100 years we can still go to space. Same with 200 years. And we'll have tons of productivity improvements between now and then. But we don't have a public school system capable of producing scientists. All that said - perhaps... perhaps... Perhaps the minerals and compounds needed to survive as a species are elsewhere in our solar system. Indeed, but I hate to believe taxes for the space money is well spent when the taxes for the school down the street isn't. They are in a tough spot. I think the article overstates the impact of their stock performance on the overall tech market. If they underperform, it might keep sanity in the market. And most tech firms don't follow their business model. It may hurt coupon site fast followers, but that's not a big loss. The Facebook IPO will erase any bad memories of Groupon. Ideally the moderator should shield the presenter, but it's not easy. Politicians are the best at this. If they're asked a question they don't want to answer, they just answer a different one. He nails the key issue - cheap easy money that can be flipped later for a high paying job. Of course the job may or may not be there. It's worth it for Harvard, but perhaps not for Bradley. I'm curious if readers of HN have seen this type of overparenting. I haven't, but perhaps it's because the people I work with are hungry and very educated? (And perhaps it's a given that people will check sports scores at the office) Standardization helps aim everyone to B quality. It tries to pull up the underachievers, but drags down those at the top. On average it may be helpful, but not at the very top. The standards of Walmart, P&G, and similar companies help the companies achieve economies of scale. They allow C level performers to overachieve. But... You don't want to be the only free thinker in Mayberry. Similarly, standardizing education may help the masses, but it's not for the best students or teachers. True. And there are very many free print newspapers too that attest to your point on bundling. A better understanding of technology? Or how advertising is bundled online? There are multiple levels of partner at firms like this. Some partners get more carry than others. No opinion on guilt or innocence, but one could use the same "they are the best so not guilty" defense about the "best" in Wall Street too. True! It can't be arbitrary. I must say that I am very impressed with this judge, even without knowing the details of each party's issues. I wish he had started with "Rather, creating and shipping products needs to be muscle memory" because that's the true gem of the article. Oh yes, and I added the Doctor Suess book to my Amazon wish list. If this weren't a US government website, I'd swear it was a hoax! Great news! For better or worse, there's a lot of benefit from rich people dedicating their lives to beating drugs like this. In a perverse way, Mike Milliken getting prostate cancer was one of the best things for beating this cancer. Very important document. At year end, how many employees really believe they're in the bottom 50% of a population? And is it really worth fighting this when measurement of ability is so hard? Most "Up or Out" firms need to cull people so they are firm, and try to create the appearance of rigor. Most software firms find this much more difficult. Very few start-ups have formal evaluation processes, which sounds terrible to the MBA crowd, but could just be admitting that it's impossible to really fairly judge people. (Deming would say judge the system anyway) Sounds like a good attempt at getting around the curse of natural resources. Great perspective on price. It is still a success, but perhaps also still overpriced. I'm struggling to figure out how this can't be a hoax that the professor is pulling on the system. But after closer reading, he does seem serious. And he'll likely give his cause more harm than good. I don't know the professor, but seems like he's sticking the school with a problem in the fall with his sudden resignation. IMHO, Microsoft could be seeing a similar problem as IBM 10-15 years ago. They couldn't hire and keep the Great Ones any more. First it meant getting out of the OS business. Then it meant buying software firms rather than developing software. They realized that they were an Enterprise Sales and Services organization. There's no obligation for any company to create an ecosystem about themselves. It's also not a universal strategy that always maximizes value. 3rd parties can walk with their feet when they don't like it. If companies are unreasonable, they get punished in the market. Why is this so controversial? Very sad story. I think there are legal documents (Medical proxies?) that can help avoid this. As painful as the story is, I also think the other alternative can be abused. Interesting. On the surface this seems like a colossal failure. It could also be an accounting trick too. Write the whole thing off now, and people view it as a non-recurring charge. Then when the unit does something/anything to be profitable, it looks like positive earnings rather than a less-bad loss. Goodwill is the premium paid above the book value. It occurs because most corporate purchases occur above the value the acquired company has on the books. An example: My company has a book (accounting) value if $10 million. I sell it to you for $30 million. $20 million of that becomes an asset on your books of "Goodwill" - a catch-all for the brand value above and beyond my tangible assets. If at some point you don't think you can generate earnings to justify the premium, you write it down. This is what Microsoft did. For a longer explanation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodwill_(accounting) This isn't about spreadsheet crunching, or even shareholder value. It's about personal incentives - unlimited upside, limited downside, and no concern on the ethics involved. Nobody forces investors to put money in these companies. If poor governance impacts the price more than the long term benefits of keeping the central vision, then the shares will drop in price. This will in turn hurt the founders. The issue is more nefarious when there are poor governance provisions (example: poison pills) and the CEO isn't a large shareholder. Every good cofounder is at risk to be hired away. You have to motivate them to stay. Of course the post was written in jest. Good luck! A modern Robert Frost.... Good luck! A modern Robert Frost.... Is it "not having been associated" or "not being blamed due to misfollowed procedures"? You're very right on all of this. Amazon is a tough competitor in any environment. In retail, 7% is usually higher than gross margins. Seems like a lose-lose situation for two old media firms fighting for relevancy. Given all the failed government projects, I feel like that people say, "As long as you can't prove it wasn't my fault" (as opposed to "my project") they won't get fired. After all nobody got fired from Big Government for following the rules... (Sarcasm intended) Great modern defense of penny-wise and pound-foolish. The challenge is automation and commodification pushes us towards the lowest common denominator. Look at airlines, being forced into price, not quality. I've noticed that in some circles, people compete not on "What care do you drive?" but "How many languages do your kids speak?" You hit it right. Kids are smart enough to know, "This language is for this person, that language for another person." The key is being strict about who speaks each language, otherwise they get confused. It is very doable, you just have to be disciplined. Don't you think it will take more than a month? Or are you that solid at learning them already? If so, I'm very impressed! They had Seagate as a 25% partner. Where were they? It sounds like they trusted their instincts, took an all stock offering, and that's where it fell apart. From http://yhoo.client.shareholder.com/directors.cfm . Looks like they don't have many slouches. Heavy on financial services and broadcast. Perhaps light on internet entrepreneurs. Largely independent. A couple big shareholders. Alfred Amoroso - Chairman, Yahoo! Inc. John Hayes - Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, American Express Company Sue James - Retired Partner, Ernst & Young LLP David Kenny - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Weather Channel Companies Peter Liguori - Former Chief Operating Officer, Discovery Communications, Inc. Former Chairman and President of Entertainment, Fox Broadcasting Company Daniel Loeb - Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Third Point LLC Thomas McInerney - Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, IAC/InterActiveCorp Brad Smith - President and Chief Executive Officer, Intuit Inc. Maynard Webb - Founder, Webb Investment Network, Chairman of the Board, LiveOps, Inc. Harry Wilson - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, MAEVA Group, LLC Michael Wolf - Chief Executive Officer and President, Activate Strategy, Inc. Immersion is the right path. But wouldn't be better to spend each of the next 12 years in a different country (feasible if you're a top programmer) rather than swapping every month? Again, if you're a prodigy it can work. Or is this all a parallel to learning technical languages? The real question is, "How much did he keep?" and "What was announced in advance?" One can look at Lenovo's financial statements to find his compensation plan. On page 66 of http://www.lenovo.com/ww/lenovo/pdf/report/E_099220120531d.p... it looks like his base pay is just over $1 million. Not shabby. He has up to 300% of his base as an incentive. That would give $3 million. Seems like unless they are paying him separately under the table, he really is giving up his full bonus. Just this once I won't be a cynic. Makes me want to buy a bottle of JD despite the inevitable hangover. I am surprised they didn't offer to throw in a bottle or two. When opposing sides get heated, lawyers win. This letter seemed to calm the fire down. It's all class, and more effective as a result. Thanks! I forget that I have to check since StackExchange links are unique. It's better than nothing, but look at the target... $1 and hour of educational benefit ($2000/year divided by 2000 hours/day) is great for someone making $8 an hour. That's a 12.5% raise off the cuff. Apply it to someone making 100K, and it's a lot less. Some big companies do full tuition reimbursement, but the # is shrinking over time. This is a treasure trove. Where were you when we needed you during this discussion? http://workplace.stackexchange.com/q/2249/1279 I was thinking the same thing about the business books. Years of college wasted on a business book a week? As someone who has read hundreds of them, there aren't that many secrets in them. Books on psychology, mathematics, economics, design, sociology and other topics are much more important than most tomes in the business section of the library. Read the true core subjects first, then you'll know enough to sort the real business books from the BS. I've always wondered why someone didn't do this. It can be cheaper to endow a gift that trumps the Nobel than to endow a top business school. University of Chicago sold the name Booth for a $300 million stake in a fund company. The Nobel pays $1.2 million per year. Milner just gave $27 million, which discounted to perpetuity at 5% is $540 million, but he could have had a similar impact for half the cost. Doing simultaneously. Udacity has less glitches. Codecademy hangs from time to time. Lots of traffic? Udacity also is longer and has more theory. But.... Given the time and focus, Codecademy will catch up. I'd be interested in seeing Harvard debt stats. The rich don't need to borrow for it. The poor get generous student aid. It's only the middle class that gets squeezed. It's worse at 2nd tier schools, but I don't think Harvard is the enemy on this point. The "student as a customer" model perhaps contributes to the dumbing down of students, but my perception is that Harvard students still work hard. Again this isn't true at 2nd tier schools. It seems like he is taking a shot at Boston University, and calling it Harvard. Great and obvious, but is this really new? I think the issue he captures has been well known for a while. It is structured versus unstructured. Neither is better in an absolute sense, but one method can be better than another in a given situation. This is beyond just software, but business approaches in general. Startups are generally liberal/unstructured, Dow Jones firms are generally conservative/structured. If your products are Target priced, it's uneconomical to care too much. If you work at McDonalds, caring too much will drive you nuts. If your product is Tiffany priced, you'd better care a lot. If you work at the French Laundry, you'd better care a lot, and make sure your peers do too. In either case, losing touch of the customer will force you to lose touch with the business. The incentive system in academia is to produce people who cite their mentors in formal research. That's it. Because universities are non-profits, they go to the indirect incentives. This trumps any altruistic ideals. In their defense, most Phds in computer science are fully funded, so it's not transactional like an undergrad degree. I've worked with several Phds with background in Stats and Computer Science. I found all to have "Good Background" - they knew a lot about their fields. Some were great at working with others, but some not so much. It wasn't a magical degree. Many regretted not getting the 5 years of work experience instead. Relative to the All But Dissertation crowd, they were a little better at Getting Things Done, versus just talking about things. (Very small sample size, so don't read too much into it) The reality is that people stop buying books that aren't useful. I knew a lot of folks in grad school who just refused to buy books for classes that didn't use them for weekly problem sets. By and large they got away with it. Let the market decide this. My impression is that the average VC firm doesn't deserve the carry plus expenses. The great ones do. (And it's strange they all still charge the same variant of 2/20) So what will the market decide? I have no idea. But if the ex-Netscape/LoudCloud types can return good money to their investors, they will be trusted with more money. And this should continue. If they don't, the funding will dry up soon enough. The invisible hand will guide this, so there is no need to intervene. If 200 funds investing X dollars is better than 20 investing 10x, the returns will show it. If the status quo is somehow a disservice to innovation, then it becomes a national R&D funding issue rather than a VC issue. Marginal Revolution is a kindred spirit to Hacker News. I view MRUniversity as the economics equivalent to Udacity. I have very high hopes for this site! I think we can cut the author some slack. He admits in the header to being a relative newbie. (Learned python less than a year ago, recently took Hacker School) I noticed the same. We don't have a precise underlying model without real unique identities for everyone. That's the rub - people want multiple identities, and don't always want to share their real one. Add to that multiple software systems, and it's messy. The tradeoff is a more reliable "less messy" world, but much less innovation. This doesn't mean that software requires less QA or design, just that it's a trade-off of two different modes of operating. I've seen this is numerous areas. Think about business analysis... Let's say you're analyzing the best way to support Marketing at a consumer products company like Colgate. If you start with fancy windows, or the latest technology, you won't help the business nearly as much as if you think through the data needs of the business first, and then worry about presentation later. The data model outlasts the presentation software. Consider doing a webpage. It's much better to think about what you want to show (the HTML) first, and worry about style (CSS) and scripting (pick your tool) after. This isn't to say coding isn't important too. You need programming skills to get what you need in the end. It's that data is the foundation. A poor data model reflects either an overly complex or unthought business model. Very good article. I think the leadup lends to a profound conclusion - all this work reaching perfection, and laptops may cease to exist in a few years. I thought this type of living went away with the Grateful Dead. I can see it as some sort of strange counter-culture, but to do it for financial reasons just seems absurd. Unless you are truly destitute, it ultimately carries so many other burdens that will add to the costs. Thanks for sharing. I thought it would be awful, but it was deeply profound in a strange way. This is a rare instance where Jeff is wrong. There is a big difference between knowing your priorities (which Jeff describes) and knowing all the little things that need to be done or will cause problems later (what Jeff misses). I find it very important to have the To Do lists to keep track of all the little promises and expectations. Many of the great leaders I've worked with have done similar. Those that don't have someone else keeping track of their commitments. Certain creative jobs can be isolated, but jobs that require interacting with others require keeping track of all the details. Racism or Bullying - either way props to the boss for firing 4 people over it. If you leave that unchecked, it destroys a corporate culture. I was thinking the same. How do you know these stories aren't BS? "Oh, I did some shady things in the 60s..." I hear you. There's always a method to the madness, but sometimes it's hard to figure out in advance. Many times this type of fast vesting is to compensate for options lost elsewhere. Yes he was a crappy executive, but hiring ex-CEOs is costly. Interesting that they also took a stab at Harvard, pointing out that Gates and Zuckerberg had to leave to fulfill their ambitions. If he's your bro in law rather than brother in law, you're already in trouble. My reaction to this is, "It's about time!" Yelp needs a competitor. Foursquare needs to be more useful. You hit it on the head. It wasn't the idea itself, it's his marketing of it. This is how Levitt broke out of the pack with Freakonomics. It wasn't just being novel or counterintuitive, it was getting up on the roof an shouting about it. Getting fired always sucks, but at that level it's not a career ender. He's beyond financially independent, has a broad view of the industry, and a lot of contacts. Each of these are viable: - Run a medium sized software firm. - Run a large division of a major tech firm. (For example: Software at HP) - Start up something that would have been impossible in Microsoft's hierarchy. No need for outside angels. - Become a hands on VC. - Teach computer science and business. - Run around the world for a year while figuring things out. It has to be tough emotionally, but there are many options for talents like this. Profound and honest post! Actually it validates their intellectual experiment. That this is the way to correct answers. Are these patents really evil, or just positioning for an endgame where everyone settles financially based on their portfolio? I can't see how this isn't the death knell from Zynga. Maybe I am missing something, but Zynga loses all their mass appeal. Maybe there is a self contained group that runs under the radar screen at their site, but they lose much of the social connection. Facebook can find other game makers. There is no other Facebook for Zynga. Facebook also gets rid of some unwanted Spam. It's been flat for investors for a decade. I was scratching my head on this. Where's the buzz? What's this have that Google+ missed on? Several economists write about the Great Stagnation a lot at www.marginalrevolution.com. A couple things to think about: - There have been a lot of very smart people who have thought growth can't solve the world's problems. They've been wrong. For example.... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Robert_Malthus - This seems to have hit the great middle... The one downside of people getting hyper-productive with technology is the masses who can't keep up do get left behind. This is more a problem for the customers of YC than HN's readers. Yes - same authors. Thank you for the more precise link. I can't imagine that Apple thinks of being bailed out. Companies at their peak don't think that way. Hubris is nothing else. Firms don't admit to it until they're in way over their head. Sounds like a break from Steve Jobs. http://www.politico.com/politico44/2012/01/obama-spars-with-... I suspect this is to combat negative PR from their overseas subcontractors. And it's still another $25 million loan, even if on good terms. Missing a ton of data, no? This is just what Crunchbase has? Hard to imagine there were so few deals in the early years. I think it paints a misleading picture because of all the missing data. A similar problem happened at Harvard Business School. In the mid 80s they found no correlation between GMAT scores and success at the school, so they stopped requiring applicants to submit scores. This was a thermostat-unaware view. The real answer was that they were giving it the right amount of weight. If they were overweighting the GMAT, unqualified people with high GMATs would get in. If they were not underweighting it, the opposite. Approximately 10 years later they did a correlation of student GMATs (which weren't used for admissions purposes) and school success, and found that there was indeed now a correlation. The lesson was that if you're properly managing a factor, you won't see it in the outcome. Or in the thermostat example, if you're properly managing the thermostat, you won't see the changes. I can't wait to find out if this was part of an application, or some other prank. Great! Tip #1, "Dilbert is Real" How painful, but true. :-) Thanks! I wonder if there is a way to piece out trends better - for instance, are influencers using Ruby? That said, hard to go wrong teaching intro to CS in Python. It's flexible enough to show most of what you want to teach. I think the question is bigger than just what's being asked. Of course we all know that version control is vital. But has there been any formal study that documents how much? There are a lot of common accepted practices that actually have weak scientific foundations. The waterfall method comes to mind. Asking for the basis of a practice is still useful, even if the answer is just "look around." While this does scare me some, the following suggests that some fears are overblown: "C. difficile and MRSA aren’t rare bugs. Warriner noted that as much as five per cent of the population carries MRSA without showing symptoms." It's a great story. One of the things I'm curious about is the original use... What was it created for to begin with? I had envelope issues with wedding invitations - a lot of people received empty envelopes. Is the story consistent with the 5 year performance of the stock? http://finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=S+Interactive#symbol=s;ra... ; Quoting the article, "When Dan Hesse took over the reins of Sprint on Dec. 17, 2007, he had quite the mess on his hands. That fourth quarter, Sprint was getting ready to announce not just an exodus of 683,000 subscribers but also an astounding financial loss of $29.5 billion, one of the largest ever recorded by a major U.S. company. Sprint’s acquisition of Nextel two years earlier was a heavy albatross around its neck. Its customer service had gone down the tubes, employee morale was low, and the company culture fractured; worst of all, Sprint’s once loyal subscribers were fleeing in droves. Hesse knew he was taking over a struggling company, but in an interview with GigaOM he admitted that even he didn’t realize the magnitude of Sprint’s troubles until he arrived. “When I took over the assignment the problems were more severe than I anticipated,” he said. Hesse staring in one of many Sprint “Simply Everything” commercials Fast forward five years, and it’s plain to see Sprint has turned several corners. " I found the last line to be the most important one, "it's good to know that even with scientific funding losing priority in the west, the importance of fundamental science is still recognized somewhere in the world." My undergrad used to offer an inter-departmental major between Computer Science and Philosophy. At first I thought it was crazy, but there were many overlaps: formal proving, digital logic and hardware, AI, and many more. IMHO the big breaks (40+%) happen at major transition points: Promotion, post-grad-degree & new job. Everything should be aimed at those big 3 for long term compensation increases. It's very hard to generalize on specifics. If you're freelancing, contracting or consulting, it's largely a function of how much your billing rate increases. If you're in software it's more a function of how the firm is doing, and how much credit you get for it. (If it's a weak link to how you get the credit, it's hard to point to) One other note - there tend to be caps at levels within firms, so you can catch up if you're underpaid, but it's hard to break above without one of the big discontinuous jumps I mentioned above. ok - one last note... You get paid best if you succeed in "line" jobs where you are contributing directly to money coming in, rather than "staff" jobs. This means that good Sales people always do well, and they'll get better comped than someone purchasing advertising from outside vendors. Likewise, a developer on a core product with get paid better than someone with the same degree and experience working in internal IT. Salary reporting sites frequently get their data from H1-B applications, so the #s are reliable, but you have to be careful about timing. Someone working in banking technology in 2007 will get paid much more than the same job today. I've got to say that I never expected folks to be comparing Bench Press results on Hacker News. The story starts with a known truth, "Health Clubs are RipOffs" and then gets a little off track. Barbells aren't the only thing. They're important, but great athletes mix in other types of training - low impact cardio to reduce the resting heart rate, short and long intervals, outdoor exercise, etc. IMHO - The best gyms are tailored around an activity one enjoyes: Rock Climbing, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Rowing, etc. Supplement that as needed. Humility. I like an article about mastery that doesn't talk exclusively about 10,000 hours. The idea of nailing a subject's fundamentals is import. Similar to the story, I did some of my best academic work in the subjects that I knew the least about because I had to question everything. I found the same thing to apply in UNIX. The folks who opened all the doors and learned all the details (beyond what class asked) were the ones who could later write 2 or 3 line scripts to solve most any problem. Wow. There are a lot of interpretations on why this is HUGE - a game changer. In addition to what's been mentioned above, this is the shot across the bow of Google. I suspect Google has better search, but their social graph is much worse. (Google+ is only extensively used by their captive audience) The search on Facebook will get better over time, and they have the better social graph. This also gives them a new "neat" factor that will keep people coming back, especially those bored of seeing cat and children photos from long forgotten friends. It's interesting how close his comments are to Fight Club. :-) From http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0137523/quotes "Man, I see in fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived. I see all this potential, and I see squandering. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas, waiting tables; slaves with white collars. Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. We're the middle children of history, man. No purpose or place. We have no Great War. No Great Depression. Our Great War's a spiritual war... our Great Depression is our lives. We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires, and movie gods, and rock stars. But we won't. And we're slowly learning that fact. And we're very, very pissed off. " Does this mean that the first rule of Hacker News is nobody talks about Hacker News? But seriously, the movie (and Paul's article) hits a nerve because we are indeed consumed by our stuff. There is a carrying cost for everything - every idea in our head, every physical item, every piece of clothes. Similar to what others have said, going abroad helped me realize how little I really need. I remember shipping all these boxes with me, only to not open most of them after I arrived. If I didn't think of something back home in storage over 6 months, would I ever need it? But it's still hard to avoid the weight of possessions. If he had done this above board, he would have a very profitable consulting firm. It's the subterfuge that got him. "If by C programming, you mean writing unreadable code with memory leaks that is impossible to support and violently breaks in unpredictable ways, then I am against it. If by C programming, you mean writing elegant code that dances with the machine producing blazing code, optimized to the technology and problem at hand, then I am for it. This is my stand. I will not compromise." I really hate to say it, but I haven't seen this if-by-whiskey technique so formally named, but it does give me great insight into political double-speak. And perhaps it'll give me a few outs from tough situations. :-) I interpreted it as more of a longwinded way to take both sides of an issue to not anger either side. C programming seemed less controversial than something like guns or abortion, but perhaps not around here. :-) This is an interesting story. I remember when the worm happened, and never followed up with, "Whatever happened to him?" Actually with whiskey I am more than willing to take a one sided opinion. :-) You're right, it's old news, but I do think the more we hear of this, the more it's likely to start a movement rather than be a novelty. This was an eye opening article. It's a strange question, almost science fiction, "What's it like to be in a country that is entirely brainwashed?" It's also a philosophical and ethical question, "Are we morally required to intervene"? The most interesting piece of the article was noting that computer science students have access to our internet, beyond their closed off version. That means A TON. Their minds won't be closed forever. The idealist says, "They won't be closed forever" and there is a realization there. I think it could take longer than people think - their poverty will be a large cause. What will hurt more is the well educated opening their minds. It was a very well written article. And the Eric Schmidt political cartoon was great on many levels. (And yes, every website should be readable on Chrome. It's no longer a one-off browser) Given my screen name, one would suspect that I like this article. :-) Math should be a joy. I wish I had heard of this book sooner. I certainly added it to my wish list in Amazon. http://www.amazon.com/The-Joy-Guided-Tour-Infinity/dp/054751... Indeed! Why are we at the top of the clear thinking food chain? You are clearly a functional programmer. :-) You had me at the headline. :-) It is ironic to see Orwell misattributed given his dislike for doublespeak in the news. I could attack the headline and say that news is really about the surprise factor - the more new information, the more it is news, hence the name. Then again, that's really besides the point of chasing the source of an insightful quote. I'm not sure I follow this. A like to Google quoting Apple's stock price? So the news is the stock quote? I got it now... I love the Access analogy. It burned me quite a few times in prior lives, when every project started with, "Let's build an access database." Ultimately it's a tradeoff in abstraction and usability. I have to say, this shows a lot of skills in web development. It's creative, even if the look and feel were borrowed from Amazon. This shows someone who can make something that "Looks like this..." If only I was hiring... This is true too. Sometimes screens are designed by people who don't think in terms of relational tables, and then the data eventually gets messed up. Unlimited Vacation policies borrow from the Unlimited Sick Time. Most companies used to be explicit about sick days. "You get 6 per year." Then a few companies started with a more enlightened policy of, "We don't count, we trust you." Perhaps the early adopters of this policy viewed it as a trust issue. Then the data started coming in... On average people took a lot fewer than 6 when nobody was counting. The policy then turned in to a cost savings plan, and everyone started doing it. The "You get as much vacation as you want" seems to be going that direction too. The early adopters were enlightened, thinking, "The value of showing trust to an engineer will more than pay for the rare abuse." It does save money, and now the cost cutters are seeing it too. I've worked in several places where you get a month of vacation, and never get to use it all because you're too busy. Changing that to unlimited does not help much. Some things that do help: - Mandate everyone takes a 2 week continuous vacation. This is done by banks for compliance reasons. (Harder to hide fraud if you're out 2 weeks in a row.) It is very beneficial, because this forces you to take at least 2 weeks of your allocated 4. - Allow paid sabbaticals. "After X years, you can take 2X weeks off for a continuous sabbatical that we pay for, and we'll pick up half of any coursework or travel costs." - Lead by example. This is VERY tough, because most good leaders like to lead by example showing that they're not above working hard. They can also lead by example taking their vacation. In the end, none of this is altruistic. It's a way to keep talent motivated and feeling valued when they have lots of options. If you stiff a good engineer 2 weeks of vacation, they can always make it up by taking 2 weeks off before starting another job. :-) I came to the exact opposite conclusion as the author. Programmers should know a lot of things, including both recursion and math since tere are many ways to approach a problem. It seems like a general need as well as price. I used to buy every textbook (even the optional) but in hindsight, I was never held to anything in the optionals. The course packs were the real value added content. They weren't having any wars or fighting each other either. And no populations to give them germs. I guess this answers, "What's he been up to?" Great for him! The need is real. I feel like most discussion boards I'm a part of haven't evolved much relative to the rest of the internet. Even news.ycombinator.com is a case in point. The scary reality is most of Wall Street and The City is built on Excel. It's universal, and non-CS quants can understand it. Of course QA on these sheets is near impossible. This is in part driven by the nature of their street markings. Addresses have 4 numbers, rather than number and street. As such it's awful to find places. It is customary to fax maps. Eventually Google will render this obsolete. I wrote imprecisely. The technology is there - it's adoption is what will render this problem obsolete. I can't see how taunting government leaders ends well for a company. You may not agree with them, but what good comes from taunting? Will this really be productive to getting France to ease up on union laws? This is a very true post, but I don't think the solution is at the university, at least for undergrads. Schools barely have enough time in 4 years to create entry level programmers. Lopping off half the coursework in exchange for domain knowledge leaves grads unprepared. My observation is if you can learn to program well, you can learn any field of knowledge. A programmer can learn consumer products easier than a brand manager can learn Python. Similarly a CS major can learn bond math easier than a Finance major can learn database design. (Yes, these are generalizations) What's this mean? That bridging the Tech/Client divide is on the shoulder of the technologist. In addition to learning the latest frameworks, we have to learn our customers business. In addition to tech credentials, we should add theirs too. Agree completely. Intuitively I knew that scam existed. I appreciate getting the number. It's hard to monetize 210K, but for a vanity project by a CEO, why not? Thank you for the correction The amazing thing to me are the comments. There is little disagreement on the existence of rampant cheating, and more about how and why. Quotes from the comments: "Harry Lewis can also be part of the problem. He is, along with Bob Scalise and Tom Stemberg, one of the three biggest cheerleaders on campus in favor of lowering academic standards to produce a championship basketball team." "Not only are "less than As" at Harvard occasionally seen as a sign that the student isn't smart or isn't working hard, but actual As aren't recognized or appreciated that much because they've been set as the status quo. This means that no matter what the grade, students here can feel the need to keep pushing themselves and striving for that elusive recognition and appreciation." "Here's my thought on why cheating is so widespread here: I think that the motivation is simple, and is rooted in the fact that before coming here, we were among the very best at our high school. Then, when we got here, most of us still wanted to be among the best, to still get all A's while being a leader in extracurriculars, and so on. However, courses here are probably much harder than what we dealt with in high school." It was also strange seeing Mankiw under the bus. Like or dislike his politics, he is a prolific blogger which generally suggests being in touch. http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/ Again from the comments: "Harry Lewis is correct in stating that students cheat more in classes where they themselves feel "cheated" by the professor. It is baffling and inexcusable that Harvard continues to let Mankiw "teach" Ec 10 which affords him a credential he does not deserve. Talk about lying on your resume." Wow - this is pretty heavy. It's unfortunate, as I liked it as a view of market sentiment. It's one thing to pontificate, another to vote with dollars. "Financial Irregularities" is never good, and I can't see this ending well. One could argue that it ties to Artificial Intelligence, and how ideas get into our heads. But yes, I had the same reaction. He's a great read and self-promoter, and I mean that in the best sense of the world. That said, I would find an unauthorized biography interesting. I volunteered for two above the intro one. Above and beyond prepping for interviews? Maybe... It is hard to say where one learns to think precisely and algorithmicly. (If algorithmicly isn't a word, it should be) Maybe it comes from logic classes. Maybe math. Maybe theory. Maybe even genetics. I do find that this type of precision carried me well in my career, well above and beyond just programming. Very hard to argue with real experience. Having to make payroll goes a lot further than a strategy class or term paper. I think you hit it right in the head with the synchronous nature. It's ignoring a great feature of the new medium. Ignoring it would be like putting an encyclopedia online without links. I wish the author would have discussed Udacity. Great point, though the caveat is this isn't true a level below. U of Chicago graduates poorer students near debt free. DePaul, perhaps not. I am very interested of opinions on these boards for it. My intuition is there is no free lunch - if this were the optimal brain wiring, we'd be there already. Is it the inevitable crash or sleep deprivation? I haven't done any hard research on the topic, so I am interested in first hand observations. We are the target audience of the article, even if the link title doesn't suggest it. It isn't just about the payout, it is precision too. You hit a very narrow demographic that spends money. I think this quote is magic, "Software engineering is a constant battle against uncertainty – uncertainty about your specs, uncertainty about your implementation, uncertainty about your dependencies, and uncertainty about your inputs." Engineering is about handling what goes wrong, not what goes right. It's about handling the errors, changes, misuse, etc. It isn't about the techniques per say, as much as the mindset of living in an imperfect world. [Edit: Fixed a typo.] I like the photo from the Seven Samurai. :-) "Modulo illness. They are both currently coming down with something and it's going to wipe out at least two working days." After kids, there is no time to be sick. You need to save sick days for the kids. :-) I liked the article until he got to this point... "Bitcoins, like gold, are beholden to no government; they can’t be printed by any central bank, and they certainly won’t be subject to hyperinflation, since the global supply of bitcoins will never exceed 21 million." This defies everything he previously wrote. If there is a bubble, and it pops, you have inflation. If each Bitcoin can only purchase a tenth of what it previously purchased, that's heavy duty inflation. If people stop using it outright and the value drops to zero, then you have hyperinflation. Just having a finite money supply isn't enough. (And this is coming from someone who has read Milton Friedman) Here is the thing I can't get around... If Bitcoin is open source, what's stopping someone from setting up a competing currency? Perhaps it could have the promise of a more optimal growth mechanism over time, or some other feature. Once it's in use, the value of Bitcoin drops quickly, no? And what if there are many Bitcoin-like currencies? Taxis seem to keep their status by being a very focused interest group. In NYC there are never enough. Why not just sell more medallions? I don't buy the "There's too much traffic" argument. Or why not sell regional ones? Try getting a taxi in Harlem. The city's approach has been to look the other way on private cars. I would rather see Bloomberg allow disrupters to break the system. What's he have to lose? He can't get elected anyway... Right, but it can be done so perpetual scarcity is a fallacy, no? I think this is old news. Tenure as a whole likely costs the system more than it brings in intellectual freedom benefits. It's a fallacy to think that more experienced tenured teachers are better educators, when it's research success that got them tenure. Jeff Selingo ( http://www.jeffselingo.com/ ) writes extensively about how colleges are reacting to changes in demographics and technology. He doesn't think Yale or Harvard will need to change, but the public and private schools a tier below will need to. His book ( http://www.amazon.com/College-Un-bound-Education-Students/dp... ) is a good read for parents. I enjoy stories like this that capture the mindset of the era. It was a different time, and very close to the iron. The vast gap between talkers and doers.... In this article, in the end they contacted 1700 people only 1-10 were interested. That sounds more like the four standard deviation crazies who just want to be polite. For tenure and societal benefit, yes. Was so for teaching though undergrad research can be a good experience. This is why social media types say don't measure ROI, which is strange because online ROI is much easier to measure than traditional media advertising. Given this, it's a wonder that people try to beat the market and invest in products they don't understand. Index funds are government bonds are much better for the so called "dumb money." There's a very fine line on hiring salespeople. It is great to have super confident people. It's ruin to have bullies who over-promise to hit quotas. There is a fine line as you need the former to stay in business and grow, but the latter is a cancer. When 9/11 hit my first thought was, "Travel is really going to suck now." When the Bali bombing hit, I thought, "I've been to that bar, holy sh*t!" This time around I'm thinking, "I know some people who were running." Reaction to issues is tied to how much you can personally relate to the victims. It's also why 2 people dying in a stream in your neighborhood seems so much more relevant than 100,000 people dying in an earthquake halfway around the world. They police are saying, "Don't use your cellphones, as they can set off other devices." Is there real science behind this?