See Ypsilon Scheme: http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/ Ypsilon has been developed as a fundamental technology for LittleWing Pinball Construction System. More info: http://www.littlewingpinball.com/contents/en/ypsilon.html Yeah, like the Lisp Machine from 1980. Command: (software-type) "Lisp Machine" Command: (time:parse "twenty-nine years before yesterday") 0 0 0 4 4 80 4 NIL :RELATIVE France has solved nothing. The nuclear waste problem is unsolved in France as it is everywhere else. Depends in which areas. If you are in environmental sector (for example alternative energy) there is a good chance that the technology has been developed in Germany. Same for machines, cars, ... Europe has several companies competing in the area of high-speed trains. The US has none. It is just thinking about having their own high-speed train services (minus the Acela, which is not really high-speed), where Europe has lots of those in France, Germany, Spain... There are innovation areas where Europe actually now is ahead of the US. That happened, because the US was more focused in finance, space and military technology - and less so with other engineering areas (often civil). The German 'Mittelstand' (medium sized companies) has lots of 'Weltmarktführer' (market leaders) which are based on innovation and technology in their areas. Software is part of their offerings, but it is not the web-based software what they develop. It is often embedded software or applications. Guess what, these companies are fully exposed to global competition. Actually their market is global - which is why Germany has a huge trade surplus - from selling high-tech, machines, tools, cars, trains, robots, ... The article is also not really correct with respect to 'Theseus'. Theseus is a german research project in the area of semantic knowledge infrastructure. It is not a start up company and it is not done with France. Theseus is basic research. Volkswagen is also long ago - it was founded by the Nazis. It is not an example how companies are created in Germany nowadays. It is true that Germany has less venture capital and its innovation is not that much based on creation of startup companies funded by venture capital. But that does not mean innovation is government controlled or induced. The example I mentioned above, innovation in the 'Mittelstand' is the counter example. How about taking the money away from DARPA and do some actually useful research? For somebody with 15 years of Lisp experience he sure managed to mention the most trivial use of macros. If I need to run my programming language to run on top of the infrastructure of another program language to use its services, the designers made something wrong. Today larger applications are based on layers communicating with each other over all kinds of ways. Deeply embedding is just one way. I also think that developers should do more than read books to evaluate a technology. Reading Lisp books is surely not sufficient - eventually the author now was able to use a Lisp dialect and not only read about it. The author is also mostly guessing that 'Clojure has all the benefits of LISP' without having used other Lisps. can Clojure now save images? does it have CLOS? I thought a huge different to many Lisp dialects is that Clojure is not especially object-oriented. In contrast to most CL implementations (and other Lisp dialects like ISLisp, many Scheme implementations, ...), which are very object-oriented - using many CLOS-based libraries. can it compile to C? can I use it without the JVM? does it start up in less than ten ms? programmable reader? more powerful exception handling for interactive software? tail calls? etc. etc. I'm not saying that you need all that, but saying that Clojure has all that a typical CL implementation or what some of the more advanced Scheme implementation offer would surprise me... if you say: Clojure is a member of the family of Lisp languages x is the set of features that all the members of the Lisp family share Clojure has all features in x then this is trivially true and not surprising. But if you compare the specific language and implementation called Clojure with, say, the specific implementation Clozure CL (CCL), then I would say that there are quite a few features (and their benefits) of CCL that are both available in a lot of other Lisps (for example direct support for object-oriented programming or the ability to save and restart the state) that Clojure lacks. Also true, Clojure has a few features (especially features that are not widely shared among Lisps like STM) that CCL lacks. hmm, could that list not be replaced by one book? Common Sense for Dummies Now we only need some data that somebody in a billion years wants to read. I don't care that much how people perform in exams. I don't hire people when they need drugs to reach the work level they claim to be at. Should I send the guy to a consultant job and on expenses then pay for the drugs he needs to do his/her job? Here is what I do to improve mental performance: I go jogging with my co-workers in the morning. It is well known that sports like these also increase mental capacity + it also has lots of other positive effects. you can open your mind by watching the nature. In the Lisp 'world' a thunk is often a function/closure with no parameters. I go jogging to maintain a certain fitness level, no to 'induce opiod'. I do understand why it hasn't taken over the world. I also don't care. But then I also don't listen to Britney Spears' 'music'. How much impact had Guy Steele on the design of Java? My guess was always that Java was mostly designed when he arrived and he was hired for his experience in standards and his writing capabilities. Given that Mr. Steele co-wrote a book on C, worked on the standard for High Performance Fortran, the CL standard, and other things. not really. The Symbolics Lisp Machine came with a huge library of thousands of class and 30000+ functions. Additionally it had compilers for Fortran, C, Pascal and others. It could compile things like TeX and X11 on the Lisp Machine. He just does not want to build on the JVM. I can understand that. The JVM is optimized for Java and nothing else. SUN has not done much to support other languages (functional, dynamic, ...) on top of the JVM (Microsoft does that with its .net infrastructure, though). Using the JVM for Lisp is fine, because it is there. But it is ugly, since it is alien for Lisp. More alien than x86 is for Lisp. So you would not write hybrid Java and Clojure programs? You would not reuse and extend Java classes? Strange. I thought Rich went to the JVM because the eco system is so rich ;-) and not just because it happens to have a code execution environment and a garbage collection implementation. Strange, most people on comp.lang.lisp seem to use Common Lisp on UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X, JVM. Many edit in Emacs or VIM. Most use some kind of X11 window system. Seems to me pretty pragmatic. just not for a Lisp dialect. The mismatch is known and widely documented. they were in the Luftwaffe and a part of the war machine of Nazi Germany reading a bit through the history I have the impression that projects like these were taking resources but achieving little. I doubt a plane like this with the technology of that time would have had any impact in the war, other than losing lots of pilots in an unstable plane. is there any non-military research left in the US? The page is lightweight with a reason. The documents are linked to another server with more bandwidth (but with a slight disk problem, I hope it still survives a bit). More 'problematic' was comment of mine on reddit where I linked to some pages with images. If it is slow, then it is more especially when somebody looks at such a page. Well, when Clinton was president, two Symbolics XL1200 and then later two DEC Alphas running Open Genera were serving the White House Publication Server (a part of Clinton's web presence). Those two machines did get a lot more hits than my home site does. I had the chance to look at the live logs during the monica levinsky scandal. ;-) Anyway, don't crawl the site. It is for reading, not for crawling. It's up in this way since 2003 and I hope it stays this way. Thanks. ;-) Microsoft is a disease. Their products are buggy, ill-designed and over-priced. Eclipse is a great window environment. It only needs a good IDE. web programming mostly I would say that MAP/FILTER/REDUCE are relatively trivial applications of Functional Programming. Add to that lack of side effects, then it gets really simple. What would one want to test with these simple examples. But how about more complex code, like an XML parser in a functional language. No tests? I doubt that. Ever tried to write more than a few pages of text/graphics with Word? It falls over pretty soon. Yes, I do own a copy of Microsoft Office. Excel is okay. Powerpoint so so. Word is terrible. Entourage has good and bad sides - but has lots of problems when there are non-trivial amounts of data. There is no excuse for the buggyness of MS Word. See here: Hacker Spaces ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackerspace ) all over the world: http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/List_of_Hacker_Spaces I would format the function like this: (defun memoize (fn) (let ((cache (make-hash-table :test #'equal))) (lambda (&rest args) (multiple-value-bind (val win) (gethash args cache) (if win val (setf (gethash args cache) (apply fn args))))))) I'm a Lisp programmer and the C# arglist is already hard to parse with lots of noise - for me. Second I don't look for { or ( but for the block indentation, so a { on a single line does not give me enough visual clues. The 'return arg =>' form is not obvious to me. What does it do? Where dies TReturn come from, TParam? Why is there }; and } ? it is still Yegge: shallow and mostly wrong. People who actually use Lisp (opposed to people who only write about it) have no problem that there are extensions to the standard. The whole point of Lisp is that it is easily extended in many ways: the programmable programming language. Sure it brings a bunch of problems, but that's what it is and why people use it. The stuff he writes about CLOS is mostly wrong. CLOS is not implemented as a bunch of macros. CLOS is actually a three level architecture: the core is written object-oriented in CLOS itself, on top is a functional interface and for user convenience there is a bunch of macros for easy definition of classes, generic functions, methods and some other language objects. Then, macros are no problem. They are a feature. No, 'hygienic' is fine, but not needed. No they don't need to be rethought. They do a useful job like they are. No, Lisp will never be massively successful (because it is a bit too complicated, too dynamic, too powerful for many users) and bending the language trying to make it 'massively successful' won't improve anything. No, I don't want a dictator. Lisp has choice, various alternatives and a more democratic approach. Lisp is still a good choice for computing with symbols. If you don't need that, then you might not need Lisp. But that's not a reason that Lisp should change. Should a helicopter be changed in design because someone does not use it, but drives a car? Should the helicopter be changed, because more people drive cars, getting a drivers license for cars is easier than getting a pilot's license for helicopters? Lisp is different, for a reason and this difference will ensure its survival for many years. We have now fifty years that the basic ideas have proven to be useful and I don't see that this will change in the coming years. if you are a good cook, a sharp knife will be very useful. Others might only hurt themselves with it. No, the quality of things is not measured necessarily by the amount of uneducated users. the scripting languages are a shallow subset of Lisp, in some ways. But Lisp was not designed to script applications. It was designed to be a language that can compute with symbols. This applied to Lisp itself lead to meta circular definitions, macros, meta level architectures like CLOS, and more. It led to the first self hosting compiler in the earlz 60s and ever since Lisp implementations have been written largely in itself. It was designed to easily implement all kinds of notations and evaluation mechanism. Originally for example to implement symbolic mathematics and logic reasoners. If the subset of Lisp that allows scripting is fine for you, that's great. Why complicate things? It is popular enough, that there are ten maintained Common Lisp implementations, a hundred Scheme implementations and new dialects get invented every other year. I was just sunday on the European Common Lisp Meeting here in Hamburg. It was really nice, we heard of a bunch of actual applications and heard of new implementation facilities. The biggest plus: the event was completely free of random whining. Java appealed to the industrial users: a controlled language specified down to the instruction level, no complicated features, absolute stability on all levels. The SUN Java courses were just that: the programmer has to learn the language constructs and the library. Then the programmer learns some patterns to use the language effectively Lisp is the antithesis to this: it is a language laboratory - the programmable programming language. The programmer needs to develop skills to understand when and how to change the language. Changing and extending the language is a core mechanism. This makes the language unstable and puts a lot of linguistic power into the programmer. With Lisp you need to trust the programmer and the programmer has to learn how to justify the trust (by learning to effectively use macros, by learning when and when not to use EVAL, ...). The Lisp programmer has to learn how to program languages and the concepts he may want to use for that. 'Recursive Functions of Symbolic Expressions and Their Computation by Machine', McCarthy, 1960 http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/recursive/recursive.html Does that sound like 'Ruby'? I don't think so. Common Lisp defines a mildly large language with a standard of 1000+ pages. Implementations use both non-portable and portable libraries. There are also several libraries that span several implementations. Also the implementations serve different purposes and may use widely different implementation strategies - so not all libraries might apply to a certain implementation. The choice is there for a reason. Some libraries might start on some implementation. If it is good, then it will likely be ported (if necessary) to other implementations. I saw that talk and I can tell you that he looked very confused. He was just in the need for an excuse to develop just another scripting language. You could see that he had not much experience with Lisp and that Lisp was not something that he actually needed. I think he knew Lisp mostly 'in theory'. If you think that he is a pretty smart guy, then I would say that there are many Lisp implementations that are way ahead in terms of implementation technology - Matz's Ruby implementation is in the Lisp world several decades behind the state of the art. Ruby is one of the slowest scripting languages and has a very much ad-hoc design. It does useful things for many people, and that counts. But from the technology it is Ruby that is a huge pain in the ass. Just see how people struggle to write a decent compiler for it. Instead it is just another simple interpreter with a C core for the interpreter implementation and parts of the library. Ruby is fast where you stay in with the library functions that are implemented in C - otherwise it is a pain. The better Lisp systems are also written in Lisp and their performance is sometimes 10 to 100 times of what Ruby offers - while Lisp offers also lots of dynamic features and the code as data paradigm. Guile is some random Lisp implementation, designed for scripting. 'Lisp' is a family of languages and the basic design was done by John McCarthy starting in 1958. He did not design a scripting language. I was talking about 'Lisp', not Guile. Why do you want to take away my ability to choose a suitable implementation? I let you have your freedom to choose a scripting language. Lisp is a family of different languages and implementations. Like 'scripting languages': python, rebol, ruby, javascript, vbscript, ... - similar problem there: why not have one main language? why these all these scripting languages which share almost NO code? In Common Lisp I have a core language and can share lots of code between different implementations. ECL compiles to C and byte code and can be embedded. SBCL uses an optimizing compiler to machine code. CLISP uses a byte code engine written in C. ABCL is compiles to the JVM. LispWorks and Allegro CL define very large languages with lots of bells and whistles. Each of these implementations have been developed for different usages scenarios. CLISP is fine for scripting, LispWorks is better for the development of portable applications with a GUI. There are Common Lisp implementations that are more popular than others. For free implementations SBCL is the most popular. But there is competition. CCL is also very good. Some implementations are less popular, but they survive because they use different implementation technologies. The commercial implementations like Allegro CL and LispWorks are also widely used, and provide features that the other implementations don't provide or don't provide as complete. LispWorks for example has a cross platform GUI toolkit that is used to implement its cross platform development environment. One can develop sophisticated GUI applications that can be compiled for Windows, Unix, Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS X without changes. Dan Weinreb gives an overview: http://common-lisp.net/~dlw/LispSurvey.html . Ruby for example does not give me these choices. The main implementation is widely used, but lacks much of what the advanced Lisp implementations offer - which enables me to write a different class of applications in Lisp. http://rubyconf2008.confreaks.com/matzs-keynote.html He sounds confused. Started with BASIC: 'I could Make Intelligence'. ??? Then he found Lisp in a magazine article and 'fell in love with it'. 'BASIC aristocracy' vs. 'Lisp democracy'??? He liked Lisp from a book, but 'unfortunately he did not have a computer that could run it'. In University he used Emacs Lisp and it did not make him 'happy'. Parentheses? No? He had no problems with it. Macros? Partially. 'Smart people just underestimate oridinarity (sic) to use Lisp'. 'We are too ordinary to use Lisp'. Aristocracy. He is happy with aristocracy, as long as he has power. The whole video is so painful... I was not talking about 'technical correctness' (though the literature how to implement languages does exist - just start with Steele's papers - Steele describes efficient compilation some thirty years ago), but about 'technical capabilities' - and it that area Ruby is lightyears behind Lisp implementations. I'm also not saying 'Ruby is slower so we should all use Lisp', I'm saying: Ruby is much less capable than Lisp, so it neither is a Lisp nor is it able to replace Lisp for the tasks where people use Lisp. For an expert Lisp programmer there is little reason to use Ruby anyway. Ruby has a larger user community, but that does not help me when Ruby simply does not provide the capabilities I need - the user community could be ten times larger and the number of libraries could be also even larger. It does not help if the libraries that I'm interested in are not available and probably never will. Matz designed Ruby for so-called 'ordinary' people with him to do the language design. I can tell you for sure that I neither like his design nor do I want him as the language designer. In the Lisp world the implementors role is to empower the user, not make them dependent. I need a new control structure? I write one myself. I don't have to wait for some benevolent dictator, who probably does not get basic designs right - just look at the confusion of blocks, lambdas, etc. in Ruby. (also there is no excuse for putting confused stuff on slides, even when he is not a native speaker - lots of people (including me) are no native English speakers and I haven't sensed this amount of confusion Matz shows) That Lisp is too complicated for some people is not news, still Emacs (which he tried) now comes with a standard library of a million lines of Emacs Lisp code for all kinds of editor extensions. Emacs Lisp code that has been written by very different people and obviously a lot of them learned enough Lisp to write sophisticated applications based on Emacs (like GNUS, calc, the various mail modes, org mode, ...). Lisp is also not only great technically and theoretically, but some people found it practically. There weren't ten maintained Common Lisp implementations if there were no users for it. For example the talks at the Lisp Meeting last sunday here in Hamburg described several applications in Lisp: an airline reservation system (developed by a team of hundred people, fifty of them Lisp programmers), a visual reactive programming system, an aircraft analysis tool, a reasoner for the semantic web, a visual simulation system, machine learning applications and some more. C, C#, C++, Objective C, C with extensions, ... The usual default is that Lisp is late bound. You would tell Lisp when or where you don't want that. If you use CLOS for example, any method can be removed or added at runtime. I'm not sure how not adding a reader macro mechanism makes the design easier. Actually the point of read macros is to enable incremental addition/change of syntactic elements of s-expressions. PAIP has some great code and explains more how to do version a), how to move to version b) and finally reach version c). The process is typical in Lisp: you do a quick first version and then refine it where needed by adding features or by optimizing it at the right places. I think the main reason is exactly this: the local telcos don't earn money on voip telephony. India is looking to increase income - being able to bill phone calls is definitely desirable for some people. no, they are not 'bad on purpose'. Peter Norvig shows how to get from quick bottom up prototypes to optimized code. The purpose is to quickly and cleanly as possible get a first version going and then improve that. Common Lisp programs make heavy use of side effects from imperative code, over destructive operations to the CLOS object system. sounds great don't hurry, good things need their time There was a time when most uses of a high-level language in domains like graphics were replaced with C++. C++ quickly became the dominant language in graphics and simulation. It still is. One also saw a lot of special hardware, for which it was difficult to come up with higher-level language implementations (Playstation 3 is such an example with its cell processors). One would have needed experts to port languages like Lisp to all kinds of new hardware - the expertise and the demand was just not there. So with every new exotic hardware, the trend to just use C/C++ with some simple scripting component was accelerating. In some other areas there was the trend to standardize on Java. Though Java failed (mostly) over time in graphics and simulation. Still some people use Lisp in graphics related domains. For example CoCreate uses Common Lisp for its CAD package. Recently Lisp has seen increasing use by hobbyists and enthusiasts to write games (using SDL etc.). Clojure is not 'warty'? Can it even dump an image? Actually there are users that were looking for alternatives to expensive or dying CL implementations. These were and are financing work into SBCL and now also CCL. For example the port of CCL and its development environment to Windows is paid for. Recently at the ECLM (the European Common Lisp Meeting here in Hamburg), Dan Weinreb of ITA Software described what enhancements and robustifications of CCL (Clozure CL) were paid for by ITA for their reservation system project. I can tell you that it was quite an impressive list. Currently the state of implementations like SBCL and CCL is really good. There are lots of further improvements possible and necessary as the computing landscape evolves. But from a Lisp user perspective, the free implementations have never been better than today. Users should be aware of that and take advantage of that. More work on graphics, development tools, etc. is welcome, though. Naughty Dog used Allegro Common Lisp for their development environment - to implement some kind of Scheme dialect for the Playstation II. Then they got bought by Sony and for the Playstation III they used C++. As I understand they wanted to share code and technology with other parts of Sony working on games - and those were not using Lisp, but C++, like most of the industry. From reading some of their latest presentations I get the impression that this did not work out the way they had thought. So Naughty Dog is back using Lisp, this time using Scheme as part of the toolchain. Xach recently wrote about the use of Lisp in Games: http://xach.livejournal.com/229485.html But there is more, I remember for example that there is a relatively large online game that uses Common Lisp: neuroarena.com - a tutorial video is at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFzP6Shxbbs . that Gitmo is not yet closed is not Obama's fault. In the US almost nobody wants to take the prisoners. The whole thing is a total mess. What the Nobel price really means: Obama needs more support and less obstruction. The old elites don't give up just because one guy gets elected. The struggle against the military-industrial complex, the neocons, the conservative lunatics, etc. will be long. Plus the US is not prepared for deep structural reforms (like getting rid of the two party system, getting rid of commercialized prisons, getting rid of a fake economy, really reducing the military budget, etc.). It is a sign from the international community that his intentions are recognized as going in the right directions, now people need to work with him to get stuff done. Like the russians and the chinese leaders need to really reduce the nuclear arsenals. Other leaders need to understand how useless these weapons are today. this problem has been solved years ago... the problem with offshore wind in Germany is that it has to be far away from the coast in deeper water. The local conditions (islands and the Wattenmeer) enforce this. Investment in offshore wind farms is under theseGerman conditions much higher and also the technical hurdles are much higher (wind, waves, corrosion, ...). These offshore wind farms are built for very rough conditions. Still several are under being built now. So the delay has technical reasons and also the investment is quite high. But the new government has made clear that the investment in renewable energy will go on. That the nuclear reactors may not phased out as soon as planned before, is a victory of the large energy companies, who want to make the most money out of their investment. Still they are at best seen as a transition technology. Finland, reactor under construction. Estimated cost 4.5 Billion Euro. Just to build one. a few years ago Germany built a coal power plant with two times 920MW for 2.4 billion Euro. Well, prices of nuclear power plants are so huge that only a few have been built in the last twenty years. Even in France there was little action building new nuclear reactors. There is little chance that a new nuclear power station will be built in Germany, again. The whole technology is simply to expensive. Mining uranium is expensive and generates huge amounts of waste. Getting rid of the waste is expensive. The nuclear industry has been financed by the taxpayer with billions and billions here in Germany. Currently we are looking into cleaning a research disposal site for a billion plus. The future is described in the article and it is not nuclear. It is decentralized production of electricity and heat, energy efficiency, wind solar, biogas, etc. If France wants to invest even more into nuclear energy, let's see how they deal with the costs. They could park the waste cheap in Siberia... oh, they are doing it already. Let's see how long that works. The price is huge environmental damage. Sure nuclear power stations are cheaper in China then in Germany. All kinds of things are cheaper there. Still the first two reactors cost about 3.2 billion $. Try to build them for that money in Europe. Nuclear power is no viable technology. Mining is extremely damaging (including the emission of CO2) , substances handled are extremely dangerous, safety is not resolved and waste disposal is nowhere world wide solved. The IEEE article is mostly misleading. The offshore windparks are currently being built and planned. The government recently has summed up the plans and activities. The plan is to get 15 % of electricity by 2020 based on wind. All renewable energy is then planned to be at 30%. http://www.tagesschau.de/wirtschaft/windpark102.html http://www.bundesregierung.de/Content/DE/Artikel/2009/09/200... That's the plan just last month announced. Reprocessing of spent fuel makes the material even more dangerous. Reprocessing is already a dangerous process that generates huge amount of waste (for example the chemicals used). France spends huge amounts of tax dollars for their nuclear industry, and has largely failed to invest money in other technologies like renewable energy. Let's see how France deals with their nuclear waste: http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/0,1518,654969,00.... No pretty sight, I'd say. Additionally it follows the usual strategy to build large players. Many here in Germany prefer to get rid of these large companies and get large parts of the energy production decentralized. The technology is now there and just needs to applied. Volkswagen now has a program for 100000 small 'Blockheizkraftwerke' ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockheizkraftwerk ) which will provide electricity and heating energy. They will also be able to generate electricity and provide it to the grid. Nuclear power plants are dinosaurs deserving to die. I was talking about building them. You switch to coal prices. Mining uranium is cleaner than coal? We had mines here in Germany and they were definitely environmentally very dangerous. Mining in western Europe has mostly stopped, the environmental damages are now transported to other countries. Let's see how the US deals their abandoned Uranium mines. Probably not at all. In Germany we have to deal with former mine. We already have invested almost five billion Euros into controlling the damages. This makes a good read on the work needed to close these mines here in Germany: http://www.iaea.org/OurWork/ST/NE/NEFW/documents/RawMaterial... For fun calculate the cost of above into the world-market price of Uranium. Surprise for you: coal prices are not the same in the world. The types of coal are different, the mining is different, labor costs are different. The IEEE article is not accurate. The current actions in Germany show the opposite. Reprocessing does not multiply the waste? Wow. Why would you excluded hydro power from renewables. Germany has started to invest in renewables in the last two decades and the trend is clear. The goal is to reach 30% in a few years. That France does not export much energy from renewable sources is no surprise, they have betted all their money on nuclear power plants. So with the backlog of processing in France, they ship the stuff to Siberia? I wonder if they know what they are doing? Probably not, France just managed to find a bunch of Plutonium in Cadarache. 39 Kilograms of Plutonium dust, instead of the 8 Kilogram the officials knew about. A Blockheizkraftwerk will be run on gas and later on biogas. Sure that solves a lot of problems: it decentralizes energy production, allows easy reuse of heat energy, the energy production can be fine tuned to actual usage, gas is much less environmentally dangerous than nuclear materials or coal, ... It is estimated 100000 of those will allow us to get rid of two Nuclear Power Plants. 100000 homes with those 'Blockheizkraftwerke' is a moderate goal in a country of 80 million people. Germany already has high energy prices. It is still number one exporter in the world. The German industry is constantly modernizing to lower the demand for energy during production. Countries like China are far behind. It shows in their environment also. The goal for Germany is not to have cheap energy, the goal is to reduce energy consumption, create new technologies and get rid of the old energy wasting industries. That's what the article says, Germany is forward looking and has already started a change that will take many years, with the goal to produce most of the energy in a modern clean fashion and without nuclear power. Some other countries have similar goals. France and the UK don't. Let's see when they wake up. China is becoming less polluted in the near future? Dream on. The Chinese economy has to grow 8% because the population grows, less than 8% is stagnation. GDP in China per person is around $3000, where in Germany (East and West) we are at $44000. They have room to grow. Germany is also a net exporter of electricity. It is great that it is not a large net exporter, otherwise the industry which gets lots of monetary help from the tax payer sells their electricity cheap to foreign countries. Aluminum smelters and comparable industries will move to countries with little environmental protection. Let them go. Btw., just where I live we have a Aluminum smelters and related. In Germany. They are still here. Gas power plants are extremely efficient (twice as coal), cheap to built, have a relatively robust technology and the pollution is much less then from coal (half). Modern gas turbines provide electricity and heat. You can build gas power plants into or very near to cities - this is different from nuclear power plants who need lots of water for cooling and building them near cities is usually not a good idea. Gas runs through pipelines from Russia, arrive by ships, new pipelines are projected and Germany has gas reserves for two months. During the recent shortage in East Europe, Germany was actually giving gas to other countries. Biogas is no pipe dream. Funny how your prejudices collide with technical innovations that have already been developed. In East Germany just a few months ago a new Biogas plant has been opened: it will produce 160 million kWh Electricity an 180 million kWh heat - enough for 50000 families.We will see more of that... I'm getting the impression that you are far behind the technological paradigm shift that people are working on here. CIA analysts? Not sure if that is helping the app. it is kWh per year. You still don't get it. It is about being able to generate renewable energy in a decentralized way. It is generating electricity and heat for 50000 households. It is not about large nuclear power stations creating profits for corporations (while the real price is paid by the tax payer) and lots of nuclear waste. A part of future is smaller units that can provide energy on a local level - that will replace a lot of non-renewable-based power stations. It's so cheap that the UK wants to increase taxes to give it to the energy producers, so that they are motivated to built nuclear power plants, which they are not. http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/oct/19/nuclear-ta... Common Lisp has a moratorium on language changes since 1994. they are getting desperate I wonder which patents Nokia wants to have access to. high-voltage direct current http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High-voltage_direct_current Quote: ' For long-distance distribution, HVDC systems are less expensive and suffer lower electrical losses ' CLOS is runtime dynamic. Haskell is not. Haskell is a mostly static language. Common Lisp is a mostly dynamic language and provides all kinds of mechanism to make changes at runtime to the language and programs written in Lisp. The CLOS Meta-Object Protocol allows various ways to change the object system. This has been used for various object-oriented languages on top of Lisp, user interfaces, databases and other stuff. The 'dynamic' part of Common Lisp means that is a runtime programmable programming language. Haskell and Common Lisp serve totally different purposes. Common Lisp is there for incremental, interactive development of complex software - software that is always running in the development process and gets modified until is does something useful. Software that also can be modified when deployed, while running. I guess you have never looked at the ANSI Common Lisp standard and the manuals of some of Lisp systems... Lispers have used lots of powerful paradigms - and no, not everything is a list. If you look at the current Common Lisp development environments, everything is a CLOS object. Many have been done. ICAD has been written in Lisp and many turbines of several commercial aircrafts have been designed with it. CDRS was the conceptual design and rendering system, written by Evans & Sutherland in Lisp. Many cars from Ford and Jaguar have been designed with it. It was then taken over by PTC and sold as Pro/Engineer Designer. Mirai is a 3d graphics tool used for example to create the animations of Gollums's face in Lord of the Rings. Earlier versions of this software have been used for animation films and many computer games, for example by Nintendo to design the 3d worlds. There were other uses of this software, for example the Orca in 'Free Willy' was animated with it. Here is a screenshot of Mirai: http://lispm.dyndns.org/lisp/pics/Mirai-P5-Paint-Front.jpg Let us know when there is a similar Haskell app that supports 2d+3d painting, 3d modelling, 3d animation, 3d rendering, 3d motion editing, etc. in a nice application for, say, SGIs or Windows machines - then show how to script it in Haskell at runtime. I find Scheme quite a bit more ugly than Common Lisp. The simplistic design makes it much more unpleasant to use as CL. For learning programming its fine, smaller programming task are fine too, but anything interesting is just a pain. Scheme then provides much on top with SRFIs (and similar extensions) - unfortunately the base language does not scale. C/C++ are inferior. C and C++ are very bad as a dynamic and interactive languages. C makes it hard to write secure programs and C++ is just horrible in many ways. But C/C++ are superior as static low-level languages compared to Lisp. The Haskell programmers should really ask themselves how to get closer to C/C++ in speed - especially since the Haskell language implementations (GHC!) are mostly static and code is usually statically compiled - just like C and C++. If Haskell compilers generate slower code or user code is slow, Haskell users have little excuse, only poorer tools and/or poorer code. Lisp programmers do have an excuse, since the tools are optimized for safe execution of untyped dynamic (changeable at runtime) code. That's a completely different angle of programming. From there the Lisp compilers try to recover some speed by selectively removing dynamics and safety - where possible or needed. Lisp programmers ask themselves how to improve the compilers, but since both the application domains and the architectures tend to be different, things are hard to compare. C/C++ wins in the static performance contest. Lisp wins in the runtime flexibility contest. But those are really very different domains. You think that Common Lisp programmers think that C is inferior. The reality is that these are completely different languages developed for different tasks with very different implementation and design decisions. If you are a Lisp programmer, you can write graphics intensive applications in Lisp - you can also get near to C performance - but it's hard and it often is not full C performance (unless you are using specialized compilers). But still you would be very lonely (unless the company around you uses Lisp), since much of the industry uses C/C++ for graphics (from Low-level drivers to Maya). Still many Lisp programmers, despite knowing that Lisp and C are different, try to use Lisp either alone or together with C in performance oriented domains: sound processing and image processing were and still are such domains. One of the problems seems to be that nobody told the Lisp programmers that Lisp has been surpassed by Haskell. Check out the Haskell page on Music and Sound libraries and applications: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Applications_and_librarie... That stuff might be useful, especially if you like curses user interfaces. Compare that to some of the Lisp APPLICATIONS in that area: OpenMusic: http://recherche.ircam.fr/equipes/repmus/OpenMusic/ PWGL: http://www2.siba.fi/PWGL/pwglconstraints.html Common Music: http://commonmusic.sourceforge.net/ Symbolic Composer: http://www.symboliccomposer.com/windows/page_screenshots.sht... Somehow the Lisp programmers haven't gotten the message that Lisp has been surpassed in all respects by Haskell - I wonder why that is. Do you have an idea why Lisp has cool applications and Haskell has curses-based MP3 player frontends? The 'Common Lisp has no libraries' thing disqualifies you somehow. I think I have a couple millions lines of Lisp code on my laptop. ITA Software wrote now around 650kloc lines of code for their reservation system, additionally they are using 150kloc of public libraries. Sure the Common Lisp community is not that 'coherent' - the language is used for very different things. Still there are meetings and conferences where users meet. The first Haskell report appeared 1990. I'd say there has been lots of time to get applications written. Before Haskell there was Miranda. Common Lisp has a lot of libraries. Look at CLIKI for some pointers. So, did you write your Common Lisp library yourself? That's what I usually do when I miss some stuff or would like a different implementation. Here is an example: http://www.cyc.com/cyc/technology/whatiscyc A large knowledge-based system with several hundred thousand concepts (classes) and millions of assertions (facts and rules). Under development since 1984. I was at the ECLM a few weeks ago. There was that guy who said he wrote a few million lines of C code himself (he was not the youngest, though). He was presenting a signal processing environment written in Lisp. I found him convincing when he said that he prefers to code in Lisp. Some days ago I've made a version of Axiom runnable under LispWorks (with a bit of help from the maintainer). Very complex software with a complex build process, ported to several Common Lisp systems. Took me a day to get it to work under LispWorks. I thought type safety in Haskell is a compile time thing? Where are the runtime costs? Then I thought that non-strictness (!), non-mutability of data and referential transparency offer all kinds of possibilities for optimizations done by the compiler? But maybe the 'interesting research' done in the Haskell community is more into fancy type system features that get the author a PhD and not so much into compiler optimizations? You don't need to guess. Here is the list of special operators: http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw50/CLHS/Body/03_aba... Just tell us which ones you would replace. The scrollbars are a bit like the old OPEN LOOK scrollbars from SUN from 1988. http://www.guidebookgallery.org/ads/magazines/openlook/deadl... The scrollbar had the up and down buttons near the scroll thumb. Clicking on them also moved the mouse cursor with the button. This requires an X11 server where the mouse cursor can be moved programmatically ('warped'). the 'MatzLisp' thing was a joke. He never understood Lisp, Lisp was too complicated for him and wanted to do his own thing anyway. watch his keynote from some last Ruby conference. He described that he tried to learned Lisp and that he thinks it is too complicated. He is relatively clueless about it. Interpreters exist in dozens. In the Lisp community it is a sport to write those. Scheme has more than a hundred implementations. Many of them are much more ambitious than Ruby. The Ruby implementation technique is not very advanced - it is a very simple interpreter, hacked together. The Ruby language may be convenient to use for scripting, but from a language implementation standpoint it is far away from the state of the art. It shows. The Ruby implementation is about the slowest language implementation out there. There are dozens of Lisp implementations that are much more advanced, include compilers, etc.. Sure, Ruby is simpler and its implementation is simpler - that's part of the reason of its success. Compile-time type checking is available only in a limited form. For 'interfaces' and 'abstract classes' - add them if you need them (I have seen them in some projects). Welcome. My pictures from this year's garden season. http://lispm.dyndns.org/garten-2009/index.html useful -> useless -> stupid Just make sure that you don't make any phone calls you should not make in the first place. may or may not. who knows. Haha, we'll see. The Mac 128k could not run any useful program and was very expensive. You could not even develop software on it. The iMac did not have a floppy drive, no serial ports and no printer port. It had though so called USB ports (whatever that was). It was immediately useless for many people who could not attach their printers and insert their floppy disks. The 5G iPod was extremely expensive, had a firewire port and no USB. I did not even work without a Mac. PC? No chance. The iPhone? Ballmer: 'the most expensive mobile phone on the planet'. We know what happens, when PC enthusiasts predict the fate of Apple products... Somehow I expected a new Scheme implementation, called Ponzi Scheme. Because the CL code to create the string is completely inefficient. It starts that he prints a string with format, using a format directive. Instead of (FORMAT s "~a" string) use (write-string string s). Also, if the result string length is known, one can just allocate a result string and copy the source string repeatedly into the result string... There are other Lisp compilers which are about as fast as SBCL. For example on my Mac, the 64bit LispWorks is for many tasks faster than SBCL. SBCL is faster for some numerics, but 'typical' Lisp programs are running faster in the 64bit LispWorks. Then there is Scieneer CL, which is also forked from CMUCL, like SBCL. There are many more compilers for dynamic languages that people usually don't know. I would be careful to claim 'fastest', given that only few advanced compilers in that area are known to people. I'd say it's a performance bug. Replacing (format stream "~a" string) with (format stream string) gets rid of the problem. LispWorks has no performance problem with both forms, though. The reason is the SBCL pretty printer. If *pretty-print* is NIL, then both forms run fast in SBCL... Even with *print-pretty* set to T, LispWorks runs fine. You'll get a productivity boost with good people. Those are rare and expensive. Lisp is a bit remote from machines and their operating system: GC, data formats, ... Lisp has many degrees of freedom. It is much harder to control. It is designed for flexibility (even at runtime). The original Lisp was done for 'symbolic computation with recursive functions': Theorem provers, machine translation, computer algebra systems, knowledge representation, planning systems, ... If your problem domain fits into above list, then Lisp is likely to be a good candidate language to use. Then there are related domains where Lisp has been used with success: expert systems, algorithmic composition, language implementation (compilers, ...), deductive databases. Again, Lisp may be very useful in these domains. There are lots of domains where it does not fit that well or is mostly useless. From the domains above you can see that those are not domains that many people work in (compared to web development, database apps, accounting apps, ...). Lisp is quite useful in those domains, but they tend to be a bit remote from the current mainstream. Viaweb and Orbitz are exceptions. Most Lisp applications are relatively unknown and they are not widely published. Huge successes were for example DART and SPIKE. DART was a logistics system for the military (it is said to have repaid all the government expenses for AI research made) and SPIKE is s scheduling system for telescopes (originally for the Hubble Space Telescope). These applications were not written because some guys knew only Lisp, but because lots of the research applications in planning and scheduling systems were written in Lisp - because in this domain these applications work with symbolic representations of plans. One branch of Lisp Machines originated at the MIT: the CONS and CADR Lisp Machines. If Kent was at the MIT and was using Zmacs and ZMail, those ran on the CADR already. Lisp Machines from Symbolics, LMI and TI were later based on the hardware and software from the MIT, but they used new processors and the OS was extended. MIT stopped developing the CADR and bought the machines and software from TI and Symbolics, then. Kent said that he implemented things in TECO that people thought were possible only on the Lisp Machine. Writing software on the Lisp Machine was usually easier than, say, in TECO. Genera was Symbolics' marketing name for their proprietary fork of the Lisp Machine OS. TECO was THE editor for years - on PDPs. Its macros look like line noise (if you know what I mean). Emacs was 'invented' as a bunch of Editor MACroS for TECO. Now comes a new generation of machines (personal workstations). Kent was young and tried to show them that with software written TECO could do stuff like Zmacs (the first Emacs written in Lisp) or Zmail (a Zmacs-based mail-reader). TECO died anyway. The Emacs for Multics was also written in Lisp and got popular among Multics users. TECO was available for everyone who had access to a terminal that had some connection to a PDP (or similar). The Lisp Machine OS had this $100000 hardware dongle - the Lisp Machine. Wait, here in Germany they have built a Thorium based reactor for commercial use. You can read of its fate here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/THTR-300 Good luck with other variants of Thorium reactors. I'm pretty sure if there is ever one built, it will not be in Germany... yeah, but unlike paper you can't see anything on it in bright sunlight but in one language? The main difference between Lisp and most other languages out there is that Lisp has been designed for computing with symbolic data. (+ a b) is a Lisp expression '(+ a b) is Lisp data This enables the easy manipulation and computation with symbolic expressions that stand for Lisp programs, algebra terms, theorems, logic expressions, rules, frames, music compositions, ... and many more. Some languages have similar capabilities that can be used easily (Prolog, Mathematica, ...). Some have it in difficult variants, where one has to deal with complex representations. Others simply represent programs as strings and not more. That's why Lisp was called 'AI assembler'. Literally hundreds of higher-level languages have been implemented on top of Lisp. One of those has been integrated into Common Lisp: CLOS, a high-level object-oriented language for programming dynamic systems, with meta-programming capabilities. You are making that up. Awesome is a description like 'green'. Yesterday we saw an awesome game. The sound of the new stereo is awesome. The view from that skyscraper is awesome. If I compare something I'd say: Yesterday I saw the most awesome game. etc. It is already. XML is full of prefix, nested syntax. a Porsche from 1970 is still awesome. There are many things that have timeless qualities. Every time I hear 'The Man Machine' from Kraftwerk I think how awesome it is. 'The Grand Canyon is awesome' - how does that depend on WHEN I see it. As long as there is a Grand Canyon, it is awesome. It is of no concern if there are things less or more awesome. The Grand Canyon is just 'awesome'. Lisp has for some people also timeless qualities. One of these people is Alan Kay (of Smalltalk, Dynabook, etc.) fame. Check some day what Alan thinks about Lisp: http://bc.tech.coop/blog/060224.html "Most people who graduate with CS degrees don't understand the significance of Lisp. Lisp is the most important idea in computer science." how are the Niagara falls less awesome on the 8.Jan 2010 compared to 7.Jan.2010? So you say existing XML-based programming languages were 'written' by non-serious people? 'Water': source. . . else “OK” > . See also XSLT, XL, RuleML, ... Languages on top of Lisp can be all from extensions, to languages with their own syntax, parser, compiler, ... Examples for "high-level" languages on top of Lisp: Macsyma, Axiom, Refine, AP5, RacerPro, CycL, NESL, Reduce, PVS, the original ML, ... For a Lisp-like example see PDDL (Planning Domain Definition Language): (define (domain hanoi-domain) (:requirements :equality) (:predicates (disk ?x) (smaller ?x ?y) (on ?x ?y) (clear ?x)) (:action move-disk :parameters (?disk ?below-disk ?new-below-disk) :precondition (and (disk ?disk) (smaller ?disk ?new-below-disk) (not (= ?new-below-disk ?below-disk)) (not (= ?new-below-disk ?disk)) (not (= ?below-disk ?disk)) (on ?disk ?below-disk) (clear ?disk) (clear ?new-below-disk)) :effect (and (clear ?below-disk) (on ?disk ?new-below-disk) (not (on ?disk ?below-disk)) (not (clear ?new-below-disk))))) Tools like these are widely used in logistics domains, one of the domains where Lisp has been widely used. There is a competition between planning systems and PDDL is being used to describe the problems. For a non-s-expression domain specific language on top of Lisp see for example PWGL. It uses a graphical language. Also Macsyma/Maxima, and many many many others. You are misunderstanding the original point. Lisp has certain qualities that are rare, designed in a special way and work together in special ways. Almost none of the mainstream scripting languages uses simple code as data as Lisp does. Not Ruby. Not Python. Not PHP. Not JavaScript. None of them have the roots in a meta-circular interpreter that fits on a page. http://arcfn.com/2008/07/maxwells-equations-of-software-exam... None of those allow me to write symbolic computations in a simple and straight forward way like I can do it in Lisp. I find that awesome. Awesome is an impression by a person that makes an observation. Millions ago the earth had no Grand Canyon (and thus could not be observed) and millions years ago there were no observers that could be impressed by something. As long as there is a GRAND CANYON (a label for an observable geological feature given by man) the GRAND CANYON will be awesome. Your father found the Grand Canyon awesome and and your children will find it awesome, too. For us humans the Grand Canyon, as long it is there and as long we are there, is 'awesome'. 'Awesome' is an impression that humans have of something. It has nothing to do with geological timescales. Why should I do that? I'm a human. I find things I see awesome. I find all large 'falls' awesome. If the thing wasn't there a million years ago, who cares? I wasn't there also. But I'm here and some thing in the world can be observed by me as awesome. There are things that I might not find awesome after some years and there are other things that I find awesome for many years. Even if it is superseded by some newer stuff. The original iPod (I have one) is still awesome. It is a design classic. Timeless. C has macros. http://www.porsche.com/germany/sportandevents/motorsport/his... http://www.ausmotive.com/2009/03/20/porsche-917-celebrates-4... You would not find that Porsche 917 from 1970 awesome? http://www.ausmotive.com/images/Porsche-917-01.jpg I find a lot of cars awesome. Because they ALL have the SAME qualities that I like: excellent design, fantastic engineering, etc. Sure, there might be cars with less fantastic engineering, those I might not find awesome. But it says nothing about that there is only a single thing of a certain type that I can find awesome or that other things are less or more awesome. 'Just awesome' stands for it alone. No, I don't find the Veyron awesome. That's just butt ugly. These are awesome cars: http://www.ausmotive.com/images/Porsche-917-01.jpg Especially the one in the front. the price of FEXPRs is not 'dynamic scope', the price is that compilation gets hopeless. No matter how fast your interpreter is, for most practical purposes a native code compiler will a) do some checks at compile time and b) the compiled code runs orders of magnitude faster. Dynamic scope is not about 'power', initially it was an implementation error. Then it stayed in Lisp for a while. Unfortunately most Lisp compilers implemented lexical scope (also because it runs faster), while interpreters stayed with dynamic scope. With Scheme the whole thing got cleared up and interpreters and compilers of the same language now were using lexical scope. Dynamic scope was now an extension (so-called 'fluid lets'). The developers of Common Lisp accepted that this was the right thing (like anyone else in Functional Programming and most Lisps like ISLisp, EuLisp, Dylan, ...) and adopted lexical binding, also requiring that the compiler and interpreter behave the same. Common Lisp additionally allowed to use dynamic binding when declared, because in many places it is a useful feature - just not be default. The so-called 'Newlisp', from 1991, invented some of their own ideas, went back to old ideas and reused names (like 'macro' for 'fexpr') in confusing ways. The thing where it gets stupid is where people believe that it is 'better designed' (it is as ugly as most Lisps) or that it is 'faster' (for constructed benchmarks). The problem with dynamic scope is not name clashes. The problem is that I don't know what bindings MY code will use, because somebody else might have rebound variables or functions in his code. That's the purpose of dynamic binding: injecting new bindings into old code. Additionally it is bad for compiled code, etc. Newlisp is full of potentially scope problems and writing anything larger than a small script with FEXPRs is a maintenance nightmare. There has been lots of code being written with FEXPRs in the past, but today it is gone. Much of the dynamism that it provides is just not needed and simply gets in the way. One can generate artificial requirements where FEXPRs would be useful, in practice they are a relict of the past. Scheme and Common Lisp and all the other lexical scoped dialects are plenty expressive. EVAL is most of the time not needed. Why add a complication. Write simpler code. There is little need to call EVAL over and over. Using EVAL in Newlisp and any other Lisp slows down the execution. Any compiled Lisp code will run MUCH faster than any evaluated code in Newlisp (with Fexprs, or without). Who cares if the Newlisp interpreter is faster than the CLISP interpreter, if Newlisp is anyway many times slower than compiled code in any other Lisp? Why should I burn useless cycles with Newlisp, when a simple compiler will speed up things much more? Macros only really slow down things when you for some unknown reason call EVAL on source code many times. When code is running using EVAL and an interpreter, macros can be expanded once and then the expanded code is used next time. For example in a loop it is not necessary to expand a macro each time it is used. If one needs to EVAL new code all the time, then one may ask oneself if that is really necessary. For example if one is doing some kind of genetic programming. Otherwise it is basically a programmer error to do so. I haven't seen any convincing example where it is really needed. My Symbolics Lisp Machine (which comes out of the MacLisp tradition, which had FEXPRs) got only limited FEXPRs (can't be compiled, can only be used at the top-level). Still the developers who had extensive FEXPR experience with Maclisp, were able to write the compiler, the garbage collector, the graphics driver, the window system, the network system, compilers and interpreters for various languages, text editors, mail clients, mail servers, and much more without using FEXPRs. http://www.oled-info.com/oleds-direct-sunlight Sure. Also the company was called 'Clozure Associates' long before October 19th, 2007. I would say that he has an enormous amount of experience with several languages. He lists on his webpage: "Programming languages used over the past 39-years include C/C++, Common Lisp/CLOS/MOP (and other Lisp varients), ALGOL, FORTRAN, PL/1, SNOBOL, numerous assembly languages, and others." So, he probably could have written it in C++ (or SNOBOL ;-) ), but he chose to do it in Lisp. Fortunately, since 2000, a new generation of young hackers has shown increased passion for Lisp. a) Java is such an example. It does not offer fast development. Contrast it to so-called RAD (Rapid development) tools or rapid prototyping environments, ... Java is a mostly a batch language with a long edit/compile cycle. b) Right. There are several of those. c) For dynamic languages there are fewer excellent compilers. If you check the usual benchmarks, Lisp compilers are among the best in that category. d) That's true. But the reality is different. GCs have bugs. More complex GCs have even more bugs. The FFI may introduce possibilities for errors. I have seen Java guys struggle with obscure heisenbugs. In theory all is mature, in practice it took quite some time to get Java mature and if you read the SUN notes for some of their garbage collectors (the concurrent one, for example), they tell you that they are not stable enough for production. For example the release notes at some point said: "Garbage First (G1) garbage collector Improved reliability and performance Available as 'early access' software. Usage of G1 in production settings without a Java SE for Business support contract is not recommended." e) The 50 MB program usually will not touch all the code all the time - for example LispWorks can include the function compiler in the delivered application - it is likely not called very often. The 50 MB can also consist of a lot of Lisp data, not only code. Read again what he writes: 'everything ... is automatically included - there is nothing that is not included'. LispWorks comes a huge image that contains all the necessary features, from graphics, networking, memory management, ... Actually you have to REMOVE things to make it smaller (for example using a so-called tree-shaker during 'delivery'). In Java you need to tell which classes/etc. to use. In LispWorks you just call the functions are instantiate the classes - every language feature/library. that he needed for his application, is already included. In LispWorks you start the image and type to the listener. For his task all the functionality was available then. You are thinking in files, no wonder. Put such a Lisp image that includes all the tools and classes on an embedded device. Then connect of the network and develop/debug the functionality incrementally while it runs. In Java, oh wait, I forgot class XYZ, lets push it onto the device and see if it loads. Maybe not, it needs some more class files, ... then the Java capabilities for runtime changes are kind of limited - well, you can hack the class loader. One area where Lisp has been used a lot, is interactive development using so-called images. During development one works with 'images' that contain all the necessary software - that's a part of the 'ball of mud' approach (Smalltalk environments like Squeak work similar and have extensive tools to control that). LispWorks also allows to save preconfigured images - with LispWorks 6 one can dump running programs (with GUI) and restart them later. Where is the überjar that Java programmers use? LispWorks comes with the full thing, including graphics and IDE by default. You put it on the machine, run it and it comes with everything INCLUDING the incremental compiler. Zero assembly needed. Java is usually developed in a batch fashion with lots of files, classes/modules, jars, ... it needs an IDE like Eclipse that keeps track of all the components, has a build process, assemble the components, load it into some virtual machine, connect the external debugger, etc. etc. Lisp applications (here with LispWorks) are often developed with a single image and incremental modification. This not a small thing. This is a huge difference in convenience. Something that seems to be important for HIM (and me). This incremental development capability is one reason I prefer to use Lisp. For me a piece of software is not a bunch of files that are on the disk, compiled and linked and then started. MY mental model which I like best is to see an application as a sea of running objects which are communicating (the part of dead code on the disk is only necessary to jump start and assemble these objects). Once the program is running in some primitive fashion, I tend to prefer to think about modifying the running objects by a bunch of changes (the changes tend to be in files, sometimes code, sometimes data - often code that more looks like executable data). Not everybody uses the same mental models when developing and I am spoiled by interactive systems like the Lisp Machine (which Jack also knows), where the philosophy is very similar: http://lispm.dyndns.org/genera-concepts/genera.html Does not sound like development in Lisp (or Smalltalk). You were using Lisp as a batch language - there are possibly better languages for that. I tend to run my Lisp images for days, weeks, months. As long as possible. Restarting is always an unwelcome interruption of my flow. Working with files is no problem. I have the code in the LispWorks editor in buffers/files and compile incremental from there. Sometimes I recompile a whole buffer and sometimes only parts. A good Lisp environment will also keep track of changed code and have a command to compile only those. Alternatively I compile a buffer and then walk through the compiler warnings fixing the code until the warnings are gone - never leaving the image. jumping to definitions is nothing that is new. My Lisp Machine can edit/modify all source code of the entire operating system while it is running. It knows the location of every single definition. But you have seen the article that we are talking about? It is just such an output where the software is written in Lisp and the result is sold commercially. People have asked Jack to explain why he used Lisp for an embedded application. You can read the result in the linked article. The guy who has posted the story also has written a bunch of Lisp based internet applications. If you look among the hardcore Common Lisp users, quite a lot are writing software. The once that are blogging superficial stuff not so much. Read the stuff on planet.lisp.org - that's usually quite useful. that was another Lisp implementation It might be surprising, but people have been writing large and complex software systems with this approach. Several hundred thousand lines of Lisp code in some apps were definitely reached by several Lisp applications. I don't think you hear much about the 'real' Lisp apps. I have for example never seen anything about Amazon's use of Lisp. But they use it. Did you ever read something about the applications that schedule airport operations? Or did you ever hear about SISCOG's software ( http://www.siscog.com/ ) who develop most of their software in Lisp? Their products are used to schedule the crews of public transport systems (trains) in major cities and states. Ever read blog posts about those? Often a Lisp program at runtime consist of a 'runtime environment' (memory management, ...) and the data in the heap: functions and all kinds of Lisp objects (characters, lists, hash tables, CLOS objects, ...). An 'image' is a saved dump of this memory. Typically you can start Lisp and just reload the memory from the heap dump (the image) on disk and do some automatic re-initialisations (for example reopen windows, reconnect to files and databases, restart processes, ...). All the code and data will be restored. You are back, where you saved the image before. Imagine you would dump the memory of your JVM to disk and restart it later. The Lisp vendor will provide you with an 'image' that contains the base language, some extensions, graphics, networking, editor, debugger, inspector, gui designer, etc.. You can then write a program, load all the program files, load all the data and configuration files and save an image. When you restart the image later, all your application code and data is back. This can save a lot of time during development. LispWorks does that. You can add your own ways to record source locations of your definition forms. http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/LW/html/lw-60.ht... Why not extend the stack at runtime? LispWorks: CL-USER 101 > (defun foo (n) (unless (zerop n) (cons n (foo (1- n))))) FOO CL-USER 102 > (foo 1000) Stack overflow (stack size 15998). 1 (continue) Extend stack by 50%. 2 Extend stack by 300%. 3 (abort) Return to level 0. 4 Return to top loop level 0. Type :b for backtrace or :c to proceed. Type :bug-form " " for a bug report template or :? for other options. CL-USER 103 : 1 > Now use restart 1 or 2. no, we are talking about a dynamic programming language, not a dynamically typed programming language. The name of the language 'Dylan', he is using, is short for 'Dynamic Language'. You can read about Dylan in the Foreword, Preface and Introduction of its manual: http://lispm.dyndns.org/documentation/prefix-dylan/book.anno... Common Lisp and Dylan were 'sold' as 'OODL', Object-oriented Dynamic Languages. Norvig argues in the context of OODLs like Common Lisp (CLOS), Dylan, and related (say, Smalltalk). 'Dynamic' in this context does not mean 'dynamically typed', but being capable of changing the language, its implementation or the program - while the software is running. Dynamic features are: * adding, removing, changing classes * adding, removing, changing methods * reflection * introspection * meta object protocol * first class representations of classes, methods, ... * changing the class inheritance * changing an object from one class to another and more. where does Norvig mention wikipedia? When Norvig wrote that presentation, there wasn't even a Wikipedia. Some words have more than one meaning. Norvig used the words in a different meaning and context. In his context 'dynamic programming' was not referring to what Wikipedia describes as 'dynamic programming' AND he also was also not talking about dynamic typing. Thanks, but I knew that already. Norvig used a different meaning. But not 'dynamically typed something', which was my point. Norvig wrote that a decade ago. That's not arrogant, but a fact. It was not a time when people point to Wikipedia and are confused when a term has also a different meaning, which is not explained on Wikipedia. Before that Norvig worked for Harlequin, who developed LispWorks and a commercial Dylan implementation (plus a lot of other things). At that time in the programming language community, they, and earlier Apple, talked about 'dynamic programming languages' - languages with a certain amount of runtime flexibility. The slides have some 'marketing' quality, trying to market 'dynamic languages' as simpler than, say, C++ - by demonstrating that with the mentioned patterns. But you can bet that Norvig knew/knows the mathematical term 'dynamic programming' which is topic in any basic maths course at universities in computer science and mathematics departments - especially if you work in AI, like Norvig did. But Norvig did not make this presentation to a maths audience. There are lots of terms with more than one meaning. I'm a Lisp programmer. At Cisco, Lisp is short for 'Locator Identifier Separation Protocol', a recent Internet protocol. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Locator/Identifier_Separation_P... given that this comes from the designer of PERL, the quote is a bit tragic If they make a compromise, they should drop Flash and support H.264. I would prefer THAT choice. Flash is buggy, slow, unsecure, proprietary from a single vendor. H.264 is much more useful, has a standard, multiple implementations (hardware and software)... Funny that all these super intelligent people at Google don't understand the need for 'privacy'. Even their boss' public statements about this issue seem to be pretty dumb. so who is downvoting this? People from Google or the NSA? No, Lisp syntax is not all the same. 'if' has the syntax if test-form then-form [else-form] 'cond' has the syntax cond {clause}* => result* clause::= (test-form form*) 'case' has the syntax case keyform {normal-clause}* [otherwise-clause] => result* normal-clause::= (keys form*) otherwise-clause::= ({otherwise | t} form*) LOOP has a full page of syntax. http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/HyperSpec/Body/m_loop... What you think has 'no' syntax, is the syntax for s-expressions. S expressions are relatively trivial, but not every s-expression is a valid Lisp form. S-expressions are a syntax for DATA. The syntax of Lisp, the programming language, is described on top of s-expressions. Syntax is concerned with the structure of valid expressions of a language. So you have an additional layer of syntax which describes, on top of s-expressions, the syntax of Lisp. There is some basic syntax: * data like numbers, strings are valid Lisp programs * function calls are valid Lisp programs. Function calls have a non-trivial syntax with rest, optional and keyword args, lambda functions, ... * special forms like CATCH, FLET, IF, QUOTE, SETQ, ... all have their defined syntax * macro calls, here the macro has to implement the syntax specified in the standard. users can do with their macros what they want. For example (if (foo-p) (this) (that) (these)) is a syntax error, though it is a valid S-expression. Similar (loop for i below 10 (print i)) is also wrong. Correct would be for example (loop for i below 10 do (print i)) So, what you may want is to remove the data syntax (s-expressions) from Lisp and replace it with some other layer of syntax that is not based on prefix parentheses-heavy s-expressions. There are lots of languages that have different syntactical approaches. Lisp has its own, which makes it slightly unusual (the syntax is used to support the code-is-data paradigm), less popular, but also makes sure that it will find its users - those users who want a language with a flexible syntax (one that can be extended by the developer) on top of a simple data syntax. s-expressions are an external syntax. You can create any data structure you want from them, given the right reader. S-expressions are not INTERNAL to Lisp, only external. Thus s-expressions are defined on characters. Comparing s-expressions to strings makes no sense. The representation of code is a different issue. You could read an s-expression and represent it internally as a string. for me it looks like Microsoft is doing a lot of research into the equivalent of 'Fusion' (always fifty years away) - which is not of much benefit for their current customers... I'm with you on that. I think it hurts the companies a lot. I did consulting for a company which was hostage of Windows NT for many years, old Internet Explorer's and so on. On TV and in print the company advertised themselves as young, innovative, communicative - if you actually worked there, much of that was really the opposite. If the employee gets greeted by a gray office, a gray desk, a gray PC and a gray user interface, then it will be clear that the company does not live the values it communicates to the outside. So the plain gray PC with the interface that is either gray or childish has found its home in the enterprise. The computer is like it is, because the reality in many enterprise is not 'human' at all and Microsoft contributed to it and made its profit from it (because the companies choose their equipment, not only the computer, based on price mostly). my point is that these people who think their are intelligent, in fact are missing lots of facets from what we call 'intelligence'. From my point of view Google's employees are understanding a lot about technology and little about its social impact. It would help if they would not present them as super smart and act so clueless in so many ways. You could print text files, postscript files, screenshots, graphics and also program your own output. Genera has markup language based on 'Scribe'. You can print formatted text to the printer. It has a Document Examiner for online documentation. You can print the documentation. The documentation is created with a software called 'Concordia'. With that you can create books, manuals and online documentation. Obviously it can print, too. http://lispm.dyndns.org/news?ID=NEWS-2005-06-10-1 A video showing some bits of Concordia: http://lispm.dyndns.org/mov/concordia.mov Emacs is not written in a particular 'functional' style. Not a good example for Functional Programming. Get any of the better Lisp or Smalltalk environments - they will do all that and more. Just use Lisp, here LispWorks, http://www.lispworks.com/ . http://lispm.dyndns.org/lisp/pics/lw6who-calls.png http://lispm.dyndns.org/lisp/pics/lw6gf.png http://lispm.dyndns.org/lisp/pics/lw6subclasses.png http://lispm.dyndns.org/lisp/pics/lw6system.png and many more... Many Lisps make it a single executable file. Can you deal with that? What 'Lisp runtime'? Save the Lisp image to a single executable. Done. That's not CL behavior - that's something an implementation in development mode does. The Common Lisp standard does not specify the presence or absence of a debugger You are free to handle all errors in your application and never drop into a debugger. Common Lisp comes with a 'condition system' that let's you handle errors, recover from errors, show users possible restarts and more. (deliver 'my-main-foo-function "/Users/joswig/lispfoo" 0) Delivers an executable as a single file in LispWorks. Most implementations have something similar depending on what kind of architecture they are based on). Exceptions are Lisp to C compilers and Lisp Machines. But it is unlikely that you will use one of them. Wrap something like this around a main startup function for your application: (handler-case (main-user-function) (error (c) (princ "a serious error, I'm quitting") (quit)) (condition (c) (princ "we have a problem") (when (y-or-n-p "abort?") (abort)))) It handles conditions of class ERROR in the first clause and conditions of class condition (all kinds of stuff that one can signal) in the second clause. The variable 'c' would be the condition object. You could inspect it and print more useful help, show dialogs, look for restarts and more. Maybe he should read the documentation that is there in the first place. What kind of installer do you need for a single executable file? LispWorks for example is installed with one of the usual installers. Including documentation, icons, data files, etc. On the Mac I would use LispWorks to create the usual application directory that can be dragged into the systems' application folder - the usual and easiest way to install applications on the Mac. LispWorks has a delivery guide that explains how to deliver applications on Unix, Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS X. http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/lw60/DV/html/delivery... that are just code examples how to use the provide interface, not real debuggers and not a description how a debugger should work. 1.4.3 Sections Not Formally Part Of This Standard 'Within the concept sections, subsections whose names begin with the words ``Note'' or ``Notes'' or ``Example'' or ``Examples'' are provided for illustration purposes only, and are not considered part of the standard.' it is not even explained what a debugger is. The glossary has two sentences that uses the word 'might' to describe possible functionality. The documentation of INVOKE-DEBUGGER and the debugger hook just describes how the thing is called. What it is and what it does is not described. Is it a REPL? Does it have any commands? What does it print on entering? How are restarts presented? Are restarts presented? What functionality does it provide? Can I get a backtrace? How? I don't see anything like that described. Hitler was not fighting against an oppressor - he was upon something greater: conquer Europe, enslave people to get them working for the Germans and kill everyone that he was thinking of as unworthy. Hitler was a racist, he was the oppressor, tried to conquer a bunch of countries and caused the murdering of millions of people. The 'the enemy of my enemy is my friend' thing might explain that some people like him (there are other reasons, too). But if we look at Hitler himself and rate him on what HE did, then it is easy to see that he is in no way somebody that can be seen in positive light. Also, when Hitler thought of 'Arier' he was thinking about a white, germanic 'race'. The word 'Arier' was a political tool and redefined as necessary. Hitler wasn't that much interested in fighting the British. He was more interested in getting space ('Lebensraum') in the East, getting rid of of the Jews and enslave the 'slavic people'. That's where the war took place mostly, where tens of millions of people died and where Hitler Germany killed millions of jews. He was also fighting a war in the West, but that was not his true aim. Hitler in Germany is seen as evil. He did not win the war and he never would have won the war. Secondly people in Germany see him as evil not because he lost the war, but because he caused the death and suffering of so many people, was a brutal dictator and so on. The discussion over the past decades in Germany makes this very clear. The current generation hasn't much positive to say about Hitler - especially those who learned a bit. Older generations loved that he built autobahns and got people to work - before these people then died in the wars. But those people were brought up in a different Germany with different values. Mao and Stalin? I can't remember hearing here in Germany saying anything positive about them. 'Why should Pakistanis universally condemn Hitler?' Because he was a racist, started a war, caused killing millions of people, his secret policy tortured and killed many people, removed basic rights, installed a one party system, got rid of democracy, installed concentration and labor camps to kill millions of based on their worthyness and their race, his army fought a brutal war killing millions of civillians... I could go on for a while. You got that wrong. It is not about winning wars. Hitler also did not care about the wars. They were tools for him. Tools in the struggle of the 'germanic race' over all other races. If the Germans do not win the war, they were not worthy in his view as 'race' to survive. Hitler was motivated by racism and race struggle. We should have learned from these mistakes. These are not how things should be done. We should not repeat the mistakes of the past. 'really bad' is 'really bad', independent of country. What we fear is that there are people in other countries who see him positive for example based on looks and fashion. That would be stupid. What's worse is if there are people who adore him for what he stood for. He stood for death, killing, torture, slavery, war, racism, race struggle. There are no positive values or positive motives to learn from him. 'bad' cannot vary from country to country - Adolf Hitler cannot be seen anything but pure evil. That the Swastika is a symbol from India, Germans know already. This part: Hitler would never have been satisfied with a partial victory, so the whole assumption is wrong. The victory also would not look like the Germans won over France in the second world war or the allied forces won over Germany. Hitler wasted no time. When he came into power he soon killed his opposition, put them into labor camps or, later, send them to the front of the war. As soon as he got into power he started to go after the jews. As soon as he conquered Poland, they started the killing and when the front of war moved on, behind that they installed the concentration camp to get rid of disabled people, prostitutes, communists, priests, homosexuals, jews, ... Either they were killed immediately or, the stronger, were put to work - they were killed through working under extreme situations. They were enslaved. Hitler and Nazi Germany installed a system to get these people and to bring them to the concentration camps. Hitler also was not more unpopular after Germany lost the war. It took two generations to get rid of that. Children or grand children who questioned the doings and motives of their fathers and grand fathers. It took a lot of discussions, research, documentation to understand what happened and why. This understanding did not happen over night and not because Hitler won the war. But because people found out that there were millions of dead people, there were jews that were missing, where were they? The children asked their parents and they were not satisfied with the answers. What did the German army do in Russia? Research was needed to go to the truth and it was ugly. Again: Hitler did not want to win some war and some partial victory. He was talking about the 'Endsieg': the final victory. You are making an assumption that is not in line with Hitler's goals. He would not have been satisfied with anything less then the Endsieg. Hitler was no rational politician - he was a racist and mass murderer. There is also nothing positive to say about Stalin and all the other criminals from the past. That there were more like Hitler does not make him 'relatively bad'. He was bad. Period. 'What if Hitler did this or that?' is plain wrong if you don't understand his motives, his deep hate of other 'unworthy' races, etc. A compromise - that would be either tactics (like history shows his compromises were) or not Hitler. I'm using EyeTV with my Mac to view TV. German company. Great products. Aldi has quite a success in the US now. Walmart tried to get into the German market, OTOH. They give up after wasting a lot of money. There was more competition then they could take. Germany has companies like Siemens. With a couple of hundred thousand employees all over the world. Hundred thousand in the US alone. they sell in a lot of countries, incl. the US. Not every one is as large as Siemens, Bosch, Blaupunkt, ... There are Braun, Loewe, Navigon, Sennheiser, ... Strange, for me that would be a sign of alarm when immigrants take ALL the top positions in competitions. Kind of a ponzi scheme, where here the scientists of the next generation are all imported. As long as people are will to come, the system appears to work - but it really does not. Those who look at the surface will be blinded by the achievements, without seeing that the achievements are based on imported brains and there is a structural problem. It's not that the US is a small country - it should be possible that some of the not so recently arrived families have competitive children, too. Let the families live two generations in the US and they are no longer competitive or no longer motivated enough? How attractive is it really to be in the US, when the 'dream team' is all imported from 'hungry' countries... what is with the rest of the people? The need education, too. Jobs. Well paid jobs. Sure that's funny. But what's with the generations that are in the US long enough? There was a huge brain import during and before the second world war. Lots of jewish scientist found a new home in the US. They had a reason to leave their home. Chinese people may want to leave their country, because it is based on a communist one party dictatorship... But the US now has 300 Million people living there and it still has to import 'brains'? There may be less 'brain' import from Europe - since Europe now has lots of competitive science (LHC, ...). Now the current generation are immigrants from China. But what next? why not rename 'PLT' too? 'Higher-Order Internet Technology', 'HIT Racket'. Not sure if names like Scheme, Racket and Swindle attract the right people... yeah, take a name like 'Clojure" that sounds like Clozure, the company that maintains OpenMCL, now Clozure Common Lisp Richard P. Gabriel lost his Lisp business when he invested in creating a new C++ development environment and used his existing Lisp business to get some money for that. He spend a lot of time & money into getting this C++ thing going - not as a programmer, but as a boss of a software company. That's also why Lucid Emacs got forked - which then became XEmacs. The answer is to create some kind of a balance. Currently the US has a large trade deficit. If the US imports goods and resources, but doesn't have goods/services/whatever to export in the same range, then the US will have the trade deficit for many years to come and the numbers add up. If it isn't possible to export more, than the US might want to reduce imports and generally build a more sustainable economy. What's new? This is just a rewritten version of one side of the Emacs history. Some parts of that are remembered 'slightly' different by other involved persons. Example: 'He took his revenge by going on a two year coding binge to reproduce every advance that was made by the team of hackers at Symbolics, and match it feature for feature on behalf of Greenblatt and LMI.' That's a myth. http://danweinreb.org/blog/rebuttal-to-stallmans-story-about... Weinreb:: 'Next, he says: “After a while, I came to the conclusion that it would be best if I didn’t even look at their code. When they made a beta announcement that gave the release notes, I would see what the features were and then implement them. By the time they had a real release, I did too.” First of all, he really was looking at the Symbolics code; we caught him doing it several times. But secondly, even if he hadn’t, it’s a whole lot easier to copy what someone else has already designed than to design it yourself. What he copied were incremental improvements: a new editor command here, a new Lisp utility there. This was a very small fraction of the software development being done at Symbolics.' But worse, again Weinreb: 'And while I’m setting the record straight, the original (TECO-based) Emacs was created and designed by Guy L. Steele Jr. and David Moon. After they had it working, and it had become established as the standard text editor at the AI lab, Stallman took over its maintenance.' The people I talked to, from Symbolics, did not tell me the Stallman version. So at least I have a lot of doubt about the story that the article linked tells. Especially since Stallman and the FSF surrounds a lot of propaganda. Essentially Stallman was working for a government lab paid for mostly by the military (DARPA). DARPA wanted to see their investments applied to military software and created the commercial structure to do that. Stallman was living in his dream world thinking that all that money was coming for free and for the best of mankind and he could play there forever, working on editors and other stuff - when in fact the military wanted all kinds of advanced software for their projects, which then lead to 'Strategic Computing Project (SCP)' and 'SDI'. DARPA paid the whole show and had the goals - intelligent software for weapons, battle management, pilot training, logistics, etc. I don't know if Stallman was aware that he was working as a programmer in an early stage (basic research, tool building, ...) of a multi-year military project. All the stuff was basically paid for by DARPA (and related). Symbolics sold much of their initial production to SDI projects. It was thought that the SDI systems were extremely complex and that many Expert Systems were needed to design, deploy and maintain the space-based weapons and their infrastructure. The SCP projects were more down to earth: battle management, logistics, pilot training, etc. SCP was spending one billion dollar in ten years on AI - add to that the money that was spend on the AI-related parts of SDI. The background of SCP is told here: http://books.google.com/books?id=eD4taFgeTUYC 'Strategic computing: DARPA and the quest for machine intelligence, 1983-1993' Okay, there is ECL (Embeddable Common Lisp) which has been hacked up to work on the iPhone. It compiles to C. I can't use it? I hope there are other companies that will release usable tablet hardware. If I won't write for Apple, why should I write for Google (aka 'the NSA frontend') and their OS? The only useful alternative will be a 'free' Linux derivative that does not restrict me in my developer choices and does not want to collect all kinds of data. Say, one wants to develop a touch user interface for a visual programming language for music composition and the core engine happens to be written in Common Lisp (say, something like PWGL or Open Music) - why can't I have that in Lisp? It is compiled, native and would use the Cocoa libs. There are not only consumers which want to download ebooks with ads. There could be an area of innovative and experimental use where Universities want to develop novel applications - applications that might be written in Smalltalk, Lisp, Haskell - or any other language that can compile and is not Objective C. In many cases the innovation lies in the core logic and the innovative use of a touch screen. Why should I develop my core logic in a way that it is tied to the iPhone or iPad (assuming that the iPad will get the same developer agreement) and where I have to use a relatively low-level language like Objective C. It is one thing what you assume Apple's target (Adobe, cross platform frameworks, ...) is and another thing who else is also affected by these clauses the developers have to agree to. true, but I don't want to support a company that does not respect privacy and collects data without any control - I also don't have the time to inspect their code I guess there are some Lisp to C compilers that don't need much of a runtime. Candidates for that are Stalin, the 'Lisp to C' compiler, ThinLisp, CLICC and some others. The 'Lisp to C' compiler was developed to create readable and maintainable C code. Lisp implementations like CLISP and ECL already run on various kinds of devices. Sorry, that I don't care about running Clojure and/or Android. When Steve Jobs got a demo of the graphical user interface and object-oriented software at Xerox PARC, he saw a computer that could be interactively programmed. In Smalltalk. When Steve Jobs started with NeXT in the mid 80s he got a demo of a novel program that can be used to interactively design general user interfaces - the first program of its kind. It was written in Lisp by Jean-Marie Hullot. It was called SOS Interface, marketed also as Action! by the company Expertelligence. Steve Jobs hired him and Jean-Marie created the Interface Builder - which became one of the most important tool on NeXT OS. Then for Mac OS X and now for iPhone OS. This innovation is now hindered by Apple. The innovative software may not be written in Lisp anymore, but it is not necessarily Objective-C either. With the Mac everybody got a copy of HyperCard - everybody could write and design programs in a simple way - using the built-in HyperTalk. Xerox had such a software years before - called NoteCards and written in InterLisp-D. With the iPad, which is much more capable than the Mac where SOS Interface and HyperCard were developed, everybody is degraded to be a consumer. The goal is no longer to be a maker, a creator, a programmer. You can't even use a shell to connect to your own iPad. There is huge domain of visual programming and end user programming to be explored on touch screen devices. Maybe Apple is working on that and hiding this (like Jobs claimed that 'nobody reads anymore' and some time later Apple now sells iBooks) - from what we see now Apple hinders innovation and innovators in these areas. I want a 'DynaBook' and not a media player. Steve Jobs did not really understand what he saw at Xerox PARC when he got the demos of the Smalltalk system. He got the idea of the graphical user interface. But what he overlooked was the concept of object-oriented programming. He later with NeXT understood that. But what he never really got was the importance of interactive programming, end-user programming - the role of the user being able to program his computer in a straight-forward way. The cultural importance of being able to write, understand and change software. I'm not talking about programming on the Mac, I'm talking about the iPhone OS and devices like the iPad. I need a Mac to program the iPad? Why? We needed a LISA to program the Mac in 1984. The Mac had 128kbyte of RAM and couldn't do much. The iPad has 256MB RAM, a multitasking OS based on Unix - I want to see end-user programming on the touch screen. Not a generation of link clickers. We have 2010. I want a better EMAIL program for my iPhone (or something like the iPad). I don't get it. Apple does not allow that. WHY? It can't even filter mails. We had that twenty years ago. The effect is that people are divided into developers/content providers/media providers and consumers. No, consumers are not developers on the iPad. You can't program filters for the Email program. The Email program is neither open source nor scriptable. You can't program formulas for the calculator. The people who program for iPhone OS are doing it in a completely different stage and environment. I can't just log into MY iPhone and change a program. Depends what you call a handheld device. The Osborne-1 from 1981, one of the first portable computers had an email program. Handheld computers started in the early 90s and some had email capabilities. For Apple's own Newton there was a bunch of email clients. http://gizmodo.com/5053232/apple-rejects-mailwrangler-app-fo... '… Your application duplicates the functionality of the built-in iPhone application Mail without providing sufficient differentiation or added functionality, which will lead to user confusion. …' That you don't want to program on the iPad does not mean others don't want that too. It does not even mean that you won't want it in the future. But there is no choice. You are at the merci of Apple. Other people want a different entertainment system in their car. With Apple you can't - you can't replace iTunes on your phone. The first Mac came out 1984 and it was just a sketch of what it could be. In the following years the Mac and its software was shaped by the people using it and developing as much, if not more, as by Apple itself. Desktop Publishing was one of the areas where the Mac first showed in a practically useful form (1985) that its base was useful. But it was not new. ALL the basic ideas existed in the Xerox Star ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Xerox_Star ): laser printers, document publishing, layout, networked workgroups, user interface metaphor (the office), page description language, object embedding, ...). Apple designed the Mac to be much more affordable - but a useful system with disk, large screen, network, memory, laser printer added up to a substantial amount of money. I'm not sure that I can name ANYTHING in early Mac-based desktop publishing that was not already presented in some form in the Xerox Star - the implementation of Desktop Publishing on the Mac then was joint work of Adobe (Postscript), Aldus (PageMaker), Canon (the laser printer) and others. I don't believe in a company that thinks it can define the 'progress of a platform'. In my view progress it is a joint process by many people and companies, a process of ideas, implementations, failures, retrying, improving, feedback, ... For the iPhone OS developers are degraded to do what Apple pleases. Innovation is no longer happening between people on the same level - Apple thinks it can control the process and the results. I think that leads to a shallow form of progress and innovation. Jobs on why the Kindle will fail: “It doesn’t matter how good or bad the product is, the fact is that people don’t read anymore,” he said. “Forty percent of the people in the U.S. read one book or less last year. The whole conception is flawed at the top because people don’t read anymore.” I'm not sure I can read your interpretation into it. From what I read, Jobs says that 'people' don't read anymore - even books on paper. So it is useless to bring books in any new ebook form, because the market is not there. Books in general is an outdated concept according to Jobs at that time. This definition of a 'platform' is bogus. There is nothing like a platform. I want to buy a device that I own and not a 'platform'. When I buy a house, I don't buy a platform where for the rest of my life, every newspaper that I read in that house will be delivered by Apple? Because that's the platform restriction. I get a lot of newspapers, but not all. The newspapers all look great, but some pages are missing, because Apple does not like them. Some images are blurred because Apple does not like them. I bought a platform, instead of a house? I don't buy a car, but a platform? The BMW 5 series is a platform? I can only travel with it on BMW licensed roads and the petrol comes from a BMW petrol station where BMW gets 30% for every gallon? I can get only a BMW media player in the car and the distribution channel for music and news is also owned by BMW? BMW knows which music you have in your entertainment system? I could have bought another platform, from Mercedes, but then the petrol station would be a Mercedes-licensed? Definitely not. If I buy some piece of hardware&software it does not mean that I want to buy a whole exclusive media distribution channel. The whole idea that somebody owns a 'platform' that runs this deep and wide and this is just natural is just WRONG. Remember we let a single company influence what media we consume, what information we consume, what applications we can use and also what NOT - just by buying a computer from them and because they call it a 'platform'? The infinite number of ways thought is also wrong. There are multiple infinities and Apple now controls the infinities. Some dimensions are not available at all. On some other dimensions there are still infinitive amounts of things, but they are all EVEN. The ODD ones are not supported by Apple. If Apple wants to limit the total amount of applications and at the same time improve the quality, they could get rid of the literally thousands of trivial books that are each an individual application. This could be for example done by forcing them to use in-app payment for loading new books or finding another organization principle. There are relatively few conversion applications in comparison. Conversion applications are really not a problem. How about the twenty or more music sequencer applications? Currently I would not easily find out which one is really good. Should Apple limit people submitting these applications? I'd rather have the market decide and have users rate these applications and an effective way to search for applications that are above some rating level. Apple should think harder about presenting these applications to the user in such a way that finding and evaluating gets easier. It might also want to think about the rating mechanism and how it works. Apple should spend less time in legal battles or building fences. That's also 'Unfug'. Flash is just bad - especially if it does not use any hardware acceleration offered by the machine for video decoding. Battery life is not much affected by a dynamic language. Because no one with a clear mind will implement things like decoding of video in a dynamic language. But what people want is to implement GAME LOGIC in another language and not in C. The real battery life that matters is based on costly processes (like flash) and using costly services. Navigation is such a thing. There are many many applications for Navigation. ALL of them are a huge source of emptying your battery. I have used a single navigation application presenting a map and recording my track - battery life goes down to two hours. The reason is the screen, the internet connection for the map and the GPS receiver - all demanding power. But people want to use those things. So in a car the iPhone gets electricity from the car. On a bike there are electricity adapters also. There is NO reason to assume that a software written in a high-level language and translated to C will empty battery five times faster. YOU CAN WRITE BATTERY EMPTYING SOFTWARE IN ANY LANGUAGE - AND SOME OF THESE APPLICATIONS ARE VERY USEFUL - LIKE NAVIGATION APPLICATIONS. Take for example a program for the iPad that plots complicated mathematical formulas. Apple forbids translating the formulas to machine code on the iPad - because that would implement another programming language and runtime on the iPad. So Apple's restriction SLOWS things down. At the same time besides computing the formula the plotting application does mostly calling UI function (drawing, 3d stuff, etc.) and waits for user interaction (zooming, rotating, ...). You can write that part in any language - it is mostly calling platform functionality. So in this domain it either don't matter (because the UI code is mostly calling to the platform) or is getting worse because of Apple's policies (because you can't compile complicated formulas on the device, because that would violate Apple's developer restrictions). Most code in these languages is not computational intensive. That's not what they are for. Much of that code is calling platform functionality and library functions. Try to check some Perl on text processing vs. hand written C code. There is not much difference, because the Perl core routines are written in C anyway and optimized for that task. If you look at Python, it's again the same pattern. The core logic of some application is implemented in Python and the computational expensive parts are written in C (or even assembler) and called from Python. That's why these languages are often GLUE or SCRIPTING languages. (+ a b) can be optimized in Lisp. You might not know it, but Lisp has type declarations and several compilers are making good use of it. This widens the range of software that can be written in Lisp. Typically this allows the core logic to be written in plain Lisp and more challenging parts in Lisp with type inference and type declarations - the yet more challenging parts can be written in C or assembler - some Lisps have inline assemblers or inline C - all have extensive interfaces to call routines written to C calling conventions. what is a + b with two arbitrary large numbers in plain C? It can't even add correctly and implements something else than a plain addition. How can it be 'optimal'? The effect of type declaration on numeric operations is pretty much the same for all Common Lisp compilers that support that. The type declarations themselves are standardized. What is often different is the amount of type inference a compiler does. * (defun twice (a) (declare (fixnum a)) (the fixnum (+ a a))) TWICE * (disassemble 'twice) ; disassembly for TWICE ; 02AB2CBF: 488D0C12 LEA RCX, [RDX+RDX] ; C3: 488BD1 MOV RDX, RCX ; C6: 488BE5 MOV RSP, RBP ; C9: F8 CLC ; CA: 5D POP RBP ; CB: C3 RET You think this will be five times slower than C? Actually I would prefer C code to be slower and more safe by default. For that I would trade speed in a lot of places. Apple is not supporting them anyway. These platforms mostly support themselves. Guess what, Lisp and others have C FFIs and Objective C bridges and can call Apple's library. Anyone defending Steve? Anyone with a Stockholm syndrome? Great! More time for Steve to think how to lift the developer restrictions. My buying decisions for iPhone OS gear are delayed until then. if that is really a huge problem for you, then you can use Infix readmacros for arithmetic expressions. Something like this: http://www.cliki.net/infix sacrifice of a few chickens will also help going to Mars does not get you a new subway that would be great The Lisp Machine was not 'integrated with an industrial-strength framework and toolset' like F# is integrated into .net and Visual Studio. The Lisp Machine was the opposite of that. The frameworks and the toolsets were integrated INTO the Lisp Machine. I'm also not sure if that will help Perl 6. Whatever Larry is smoking, I don't want it. Lots of things are human readable. Chinese for example. Lisp also has a lot of syntax, but it is ON TOP of s-expressions. Wait, Lisp is a programming language. Unix is an operating system. Category error? If you haven't seen anything, did you actually look around? Common SQL : http://www.lispworks.com/documentation/sql-tutorial/index.ht... (loop for columns being the records of [select [*] :from [SpeciesList] :where aardvark] do (print columns)) Common SQL provides some kind of embedded SQL that gets expanded with read macros and macros to more low-level Lisp code. Lisp has portable libraries for regular expressions. Like this one: http://weitz.de/cl-ppcre/ Lisp Machines were never that much in direct competition with UNIX machines as such. They were competing with UNIX + LISP. Research labs who programmed in Lisp bought Unix systems plus a Lisp environment (like Allegro CL) or bought a Lisp system (like Allegro CL) for their existing Unix environment. But Unix systems were used for quite different things than Lisp programming or running Lisp apps. When Lisp Machines lost in the market, the Lisp users moved to UNIX + Lisp. Companies like Franz and Harlequin/LispWorks that came from that market still exist today. Lisp was always used on different systems. When Lisp Machines were 'popular' (we are talking about less then ten thousand machines that were ever build and sold), Lisp was used on Windows, Macs, Mainframes, Unix and other operating systems. I should also mention that almost all Lisp Machines were single user personal workstations - initially specially aimed mostly at AI programmers. Let's just look at the syntax of Common Lisp's LOOP construct: loop [name-clause] {variable-clause}* {main-clause}* => result* name-clause::= named name variable-clause::= with-clause | initial-final | for-as-clause with-clause::= with var1 [type-spec] [= form1] {and var2 [type-spec] [= form2]}* main-clause::= unconditional | accumulation | conditional | termination-test | initial-final initial-final::= initially compound-form+ | finally compound-form+ unconditional::= {do | doing} compound-form+ | return {form | it} accumulation::= list-accumulation | numeric-accumulation list-accumulation::= {collect | collecting | append | appending | nconc | nconcing} {form | it} [into simple-var] numeric-accumulation::= {count | counting | sum | summing | } maximize | maximizing | minimize | minimizing {form | it} [into simple-var] [type-spec] conditional::= {if | when | unless} form selectable-clause {and selectable-clause}* [else selectable-clause {and selectable-clause}*] [end] selectable-clause::= unconditional | accumulation | conditional termination-test::= while form | until form | repeat form | always form | never form | thereis form for-as-clause::= {for | as} for-as-subclause {and for-as-subclause}* for-as-subclause::= for-as-arithmetic | for-as-in-list | for-as-on-list | for-as-equals-then | for-as-across | for-as-hash | for-as-package for-as-arithmetic::= var [type-spec] for-as-arithmetic-subclause for-as-arithmetic-subclause::= arithmetic-up | arithmetic-downto | arithmetic-downfrom arithmetic-up::= [[{from | upfrom} form1 | {to | upto | below} form2 | by form3]]+ arithmetic-downto::= [[{{from form1}}1 | {{{downto | above} form2}}1 | by form3]] arithmetic-downfrom::= [[{{downfrom form1}}1 | {to | downto | above} form2 | by form3]] for-as-in-list::= var [type-spec] in form1 [by step-fun] for-as-on-list::= var [type-spec] on form1 [by step-fun] for-as-equals-then::= var [type-spec] = form1 [then form2] for-as-across::= var [type-spec] across vector for-as-hash::= var [type-spec] being {each | the} {{hash-key | hash-keys} {in | of} hash-table [using (hash-value other-var)] | {hash-value | hash-values} {in | of} hash-table [using (hash-key other-var)]} for-as-package::= var [type-spec] being {each | the} {symbol | symbols | present-symbol | present-symbols | external-symbol | external-symbols} [{in | of} package] type-spec::= simple-type-spec | destructured-type-spec simple-type-spec::= fixnum | float | t | nil destructured-type-spec::= of-type d-type-spec d-type-spec::= type-specifier | (d-type-spec . d-type-spec) var::= d-var-spec var1::= d-var-spec var2::= d-var-spec other-var::= d-var-spec d-var-spec::= simple-var | nil | (d-var-spec . d-var-spec) I don't think there are many active languages with a more complex LOOP construct. Add to that, that some implementations have an extensible LOOP that allows to add even more syntax to it. The syntax for DEFCLASS: defclass class-name ({superclass-name}*) ({slot-specifier}*) [[class-option]] => new-class slot-specifier::= slot-name | (slot-name [[slot-option]]) slot-name::= symbol slot-option::= {:reader reader-function-name}* | {:writer writer-function-name}* | {:accessor reader-function-name}* | {:allocation allocation-type} | {:initarg initarg-name}* | {:initform form} | {:type type-specifier} | {:documentation string} function-name::= {symbol | (setf symbol)} class-option::= (:default-initargs . initarg-list) | (:documentation string) | (:metaclass class-name) there is much more of this. Common Lisp has more than 30 special syntactic constructs: block, catch, eval-when, LET, ..., unwind-protect. It has probably more than a hundred macros that implement syntax: DEFUN, LOOP, DEFMACRO, WITH-OPEN-FILE, DEFPACKAGE, PPRINT-LOGICAL-BLOCK, HANDLER-CASE, ... It has various basic syntactic elements like function lambda lists, macro lambda lists, etc. It has FORMAT string syntax. I'm not trying to win a contest with PERL and its syntax, but thinking that Common Lisp has almost no syntax is misguided. As I mentioned, in Common Lisp much of the syntax is implemented on top of s-expressions. Stuff like regexp syntax is implemented in Common Lisp libraries. Like this one: http://weitz.de/cl-ppcre/ . More rich Lisp hackers and lots of jobs for people rewriting Lisp to C++ (or Java)? Putting structure assumptions into function argument lists is not necessarily a good idea. One exposes the implementation. Pattern matching function definitions are easy to do in Lisp. But given the nature of Lisp, much of the pattern matching then needs to be done at runtime - which leads to less efficient code and invites people to write totally inefficient code. It looks like you have never programmed in Lisp. A function like Take is easy to write in Lisp. Lisp has many similar functions like that - but with a better interface. > There is a reason you don't see meaning represented by structure in pretty much any other language besides Mathematica. Could it really be that you missed the AI software that has been written in Lisp in the last five decades? Prolog you might check sometimes the documentation of CL implementations for the advances that they provide over the standard Symbols are not treated more systematically in Mathematica. QUOTE is a special operator in Lisp that causes the evaluator to return its argument unevaluated. (quote a) -> a (quote (+ 1 2)) -> (+ 1 2) (quote "abc") -> "abc" Mathematica has a different strategy for computation, one that is based on rewrite rules. Expressions are rewritten until they can't no longer be rewritten. In Lisp evaluation (+ a a) gives an error if the variable A has no value. In Mathematica it would be reduced to (* 2 a) ; in Lisp syntax if A has no value. But that has little to do with the processing capabilities of Lisp. A function like Take can be written very natural in Lisp - there is NO special mode needed. The function takes data and computes results. You may want to get out of your Mathematica blub and learn some Lisp. Writing the 'Take' function is a good exercise. Stuff like that are basic exercises in Lisp courses. Your example above did not show any special pattern matching capabilities whatsoever. right, that's a good example no, adding type declarations to Lisp is the easy part. when it comes to static typing, standard Common Lisp offers very little. Declaring types? That has been done. In Common Lisp: (defun twice (n) (declare (number n)) (the number (* n 2))) The difficult parts are: * the type system and its capabilities * make the operations of the type system sound * determining sub-types * type inference * integration with the rest of the language (where data objects also have something like types) Common Lisp provides lots of infrastructure for all kinds of things, but very little for a type system. For example in Lisp one can determine the value of an expression via EVAL, but there is no function to compute the type of an expression (other than a type of the computed value). I haven't said anything about encoding of meaning, you are dreaming. You are the kind of person of Xah Lee... Wow, Lisp has Take. I wrote one. It took me a few minutes: CL-USER 58 > (take '(a b c d) 2) (A B) CL-USER 59 > (take '(a b c d) -2) (C D) CL-USER 60 > (take '(a b c d) '(0 3)) (A B C) CL-USER 61 > (take '(a b c d) '(0 -1 2)) (A C) CL-USER 62 > (take '((a b c d) (1 2 3 4) (5 6 7 8)) 2 2) ((A B) (1 2)) That was easy. The point was not lst[0:2] in Python. See the definition of Take in Mathematica - it is quite a bit more capable. You need also differentiate between 'pattern matching' and 'rewrite system'. Pattern matching is just taking a pattern, some data and see if it matches. (match '(+ (* ?a x) ?b) '(+ (* 123.0 x) z)) -> T Routines like the above are found in many books about Lisp and have been provided in Lisp libraries for decades. Specifying rewrite rules with patterns for mathematical purposes (simplification, integration, differentiation, ...) is also almost as old as Lisp. Norvig's book 'Paradigm's of AI Programming' explains how it is implemented in Lisp. These things are at the heart of several computer algebra systems written in Lisp - like Macsyma. (defun take-1 (it what) (cond ((eq what :all) it) ((eq what :none) nil) ((and (numberp what) (plusp what)) (subseq it 0 what)) ((and (numberp what) (minusp what)) (last it (- what))) ((and (consp what) (= (length what) 1) (numberp (first what))) (nth (first what) it)) ((and (consp what) (= (length what) 2) (numberp (first what)) (numberp (second what))) (let ((end (if (minusp (second what)) (+ (length it) (second what)) (second what)))) (subseq it (first what) end))) ((and (consp what) (= (length what) 3) (numberp (first what)) (numberp (second what)) (numberp (third what))) (let ((end (if (minusp (second what)) (+ (length it) (second what)) (second what)))) (loop for e = (subseq it (first what)) then (nthcdr (third what) it) for i from (first what) below end by (third what) collect (first e)))))) (defun take (thing &rest description) (cond ((null description) nil) ((and (consp description) (= (length description) 1)) (take-1 thing (first description))) (t (loop for e in (take-1 thing (first description)) collect (apply #'take e (rest description)))))) I think macros do have certain disadvantages (they make debugging seem to look harder, more syntax, etc, ...). But I find things like extensive use of MOP also make maintenance of programming more challenging. Common Lisp has never tried to take away 'power' from users. Scheme had a different philosophy: reduce everything to the most basic and pleasing constructs. But that approach has its own disadvantages - if one arrives at the bottom of programming language constructs, working 'upwards' is a problem. Take for example the argument lists: Common Lisp has things like keywords, optional and rest arguments. Plain Scheme only has rest arguments. Adding other argument interpretation is possible, but is only really use if the language would support it and would make use of it. No violence anymore? Wow, a lot of Hollywood movies in the iTunes store show mostly violence in epic form. Some movies only seem to exist to show as much violence as possible. Steve, what do you want to do about that? Yeah, there is an economy which is competitive on the world market and that's a problem. Sure. The number one lender, by far, to Greece is France, not Germany. Germany is distant third. France is then lending 66% twice as much as Germany to Greece. '66% more' than Germany is significant IMO. So much for the theory that this was largely for bailing out German banks. Basically France' banks are being bailed out (plus a lot of other countries incl. UK and US). Germany is not especially exposed to Greece's problem. Germany also provides only 11% of Greece imports (though Germany has 20% of the EU GDP). Greece's problems are home made (lots of weapons imports, large military, corruption, country run by a few families, ...). The decision to spend billions on military ships, submarines, military aircrafts, tanks, etc. is entirely political. West Germany was competitive with the Deutsche Mark before. It ran trade surpluses then, too. Many German goods are not competing based on price. A luxury car like BMW, Mercedes, Porsche and others doesn't compete (much) on price. Many smaller companies also are market leader not on price, but on service and product quality. China buys German machines and tools not because they are cheap. The US bought offshore wind turbines from Siemens for the Cape Cod wind farm not because they are competitive on price, but because they are the best available turbines for offshore wind farms. For much of the German export industry it makes no difference where they export. If the Euro makes it easy, then many exports go to Eurozone countries. If not then more exports go to other countries outside the Euro zone. The Euro was overvalued in the last year - with the Euro going down, exports to other countries will strengthen. Wait, with the strong Deutsche Mark West Germany had trade surpluses all the time. German's core competitiveness is not based on price. Price has an influence, but countries buying a German (Siemens) gas turbine for a power station don't do it because it is especially price competitive. They do it because of its technical qualities mostly. Same for the High Voltage DC lines that Siemens sells to China. Same for the high-speed trains that Siemens sells to China, Russia, Spain, ... Siemens HVDC systems in China: http://www.innovations-report.de/html/berichte/energie_elekt... Similar to SERIES in Common Lisp: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/Groups/AI/html/cltl/clm/node347.html#S... http://www.cliki.net/Series S-Expressions (:kind foo :id 1 :msg "hi") (:kind bar :id 2 :msg "there") Common Lisp allows you to wrap declarations around forms. Use LOCALLY for that. Half of that is here in Germany. Time to catch up. It's is not 'government subsidies' as one might think. Instead the next grid operator has to take the electricity and has to pay a certain government specified price for it. The electricity companies will sell electricity to the consumer and these will pay for it. So the end consumer pays the price. The goal is to reduce the price for renewable energy such that it is at the level of other electricity (from coal, gas, nuclear, ...). There is no tax money involved. The electricity consumers pay for it. that's more or less object-oriented One thing, of all the dynamic languages the default Ruby implementation is by far the slowest. For anything that is slighty computational expensive, the default Ruby implementation is poor. Also think green, if you have lots of computation in a slow language, that easily adds up in a large data center in form of wasted electricity, which adds to cooling and is generally expensive. Some Ruby implementations try to get in the direction of, say, a Lisp implementation like SBCL - which is used by ITA. SBCL provides since quite some time a compiler that can generate reasonably fast code. Using Lisp in education generates surprisingly few Lisp programmers. The few are often very good, but they are still few. Using Lisp with SICP teaches quite a bit almost practical computer science, but not so much about writing 'real world' applications. Often students, after taking courses which use Lisp, get the impression that one calculates numbers using church numerals or that everything is done via hairy multiple recursive functions. Learning to reverse a list also does not leave a lasting impression on students. Then people discover that during learning and experimenting one can create a huge mess using Lisp. There are many degrees of freedom. Additionally via meta-programming one can turn things upside down. That creates not much confidence for some people who like a more straight forward tool that provides one obvious way to do things. Next one discovers that Lisp comes with its own ideas of deployment and runtimes. Numbers can be fixnums or bignums. Dividing two integers creates a rational number and the sauare root of -1 is not an error, but a complex number. There is an 'image' and it generates garbage that needs to be collected. Lisp still is unique when seen at in its full incarnation, but for many it is not clear why they need its feature set and why they should live with the consequences its design choices bring. Lisp is best, when one needs a symbolic language often using interactive tools for exploratory programming. Lisp is also fine, when one needs a programmable language for example offering macros. Once people get to like that, Lisp is a choice for domains where it would not be the first choice, just because these people like the tool. For many other developers meta-programming, code as data, symbolic representations etc. is sounding more like baggage. Often intellectual baggage, which simply adds more layers to worry about. But there is also a bunch of people coming to Lisp who used other tools, are fully understanding them and are looking for a new intellectual challenges. Some might go to the more theoretically pleasing languages (like Haskell), but some might be attracted by code as data and simple meta programming. Thus I don't think Lisp will ever be a wide-spread first choice (because it is slightly too complicated for many users), but it will offer for a long time an alternative view of software development. Often you see people just taking from Lisp what they find useful (functions, macros, code as data, interactive use, ...) and bring those to the tools they use. That often creates the impression that most Lisp features are now available in other languages (like GC, virtual machines, self-hosting compilers, ...) and often in improved forms. Fortunately Lisp still has areas and tools that are used to write interesting applications - it may just be that some of those applications are not that important for many people. Who cares about scheduling the use of space telescopes? Still planning and scheduling is a domain where Lisp is used and for example the usage of the Hubble Space Telescope is planned with a Lisp system (SPIKE). There we have symbolic representations of plans and a software that can create those. Sounds like a great core domain for using Lisp. Others, may find it fun hacking web sites using Lisp. It is for some a tool that they like to use, often because it fits their style of thinking. That's the most anti-social nonsense I've read for a long time. FUD! Who do you think wrote cliki.net, planet.lisp.org, paste.lisp.org, ASDF, ASDF-Install, XCVB, CLBUILD, runs common-lisp.net, wrote www.cl-user.net, organizes the International Lisp Conference, organizes European Lisp meetings, organizes various local user groups, wrote the software libraries listed here http://www.cliki.net/Library ??????????? Edi Weitz did not provide his starter pack??? He did not publish his regex engine, his webserver, his... There are no libraries in LibCL? http://libcl.com/libcl-current/index.html Check out the list of ASDF-Installable libraries here: http://www.cliki.net/ASDF-Install Even Franz Inc., a commercial Lisp vendor publishes their stuff under a free license on Github: http://github.com/franzinc It's not that things can't be improved, but saying that CL users are against sharing and reusing code is the biggest bullshit I heard for a long time. Before you had any ideas Lisp existed, Symbolics users were collecting user contributions and publishing tapes - when no networks and other distribution media were widely available. Before software repositories were common, Common Lisp user Mark Kantrowitz was collecting every available library: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu.edu/Web/Groups/AI/0.html Just see under areas http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/ai-repository/ai/areas/... and lang/lisp/ http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/ai-repository/ai/lang/l... Many of these people currently contributing you will find on #lisp . Won't take long and weapons will be mounted to it and it will be deployed to hunt humans. Just like the other UAVs: http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2010/feb/07/raf-drones-afghanis... If You're So Incredible Rich, Why Aren't You Happy? Here in Germany we add half of this years world's photovoltaic solar panel production. Much of that is installed by small consumers, houses, farms, factories. This gets us away from the huge expensive centralized energy production. Panel by panel. A new nuclear power plant has not been built in he last twenty years and is not planned. Thus we can concentrate on bringing the price of renewable energy down. The new reactors that are under construction in Finland and France are both much more expensive than planned and are coming years late. France also has to invest several hundred million Euros per reactor to keep them running. They haven't done much for those - a full fifty reactors. Here in Germany we need to spend some ten more more billion Euros on closing old East German reactors and for cleaning up an experimental storage site for nuclear waste. That experiment has failed. Spectacularly. Billions and billions that could have been invested in clean and renewable energy. Unfortunately in the example there is not a single closure shown. A closure is a function and its bindings. But there are no function objects created. What he shows is some attempt to describe some kind of lexical binding. But even that looks very suspicious. def foo(): global y x = 0 def bar(): print x, y bar() x = y = 1 bar() x = y = 2 bar() x = y = 3 bar() x = y = 4 bar() x = y = 5 foo() 0 0 1 1 2 2 3 3 4 4 Above is really trivial. The problem is that the assignments change a variable and the function BAR sees the changes. So there is only one variable binding for X. In a variant where each assignments were really bindings, BAR would only see the binding in its scope and the number would not change. Above would be in Lisp: (defvar *y* 0) (defun foo () (let ((x 0)) (flet ((bar () (print (list x *y*)))) (bar) (setf *y* 1 x *y*) (bar) (setf *y* 2 x *y*) (bar) (setf *y* 3 x *y*) (bar) (setf *y* 4 x *y*) (bar) (setf *y* 5 x *y*)))) Again, no closure. Just a function with a local function that gets called several times. He then describes that in a 'subfunction' a variable from an outside scope can't be set, but that is almost a side issue. It also may be that this is not often found in his code, but it is found in a lot of Lisp code that actually uses closures. The most trivial example is a counter closure: (let ((fn (let ((x 0)) (lambda () (setf x (+ x 1)))))) (print (funcall fn)) (print (funcall fn)) (print (funcall fn))) 1 2 3 In above code FN gets bound to a closure. This closure is called three times. Each time it updates the variable X in its lexical scope. Right, and Smalltalk had for a long time no lexical binding, thus returned blocks were never closures. Just as in early Lisp dialects. I understand that. Still he said 'Python has closures' in the title and failed to give examples of closures. Nothing. I never said that Python doesn't provide closures. I just pointed out that Mr. Prescod did not give an example for those, even though he writes about closures. He really was talking about lexical scope. He did not demonstrate closures for my satisfaction, he didn't demonstrate them at all. This makes me guess that Mr. Prescod never understood what a closure is, since he failed to give any example. That one can set closed over variables in Lisp is a useful feature. He demonstrates that Python 2 can't set a variable of an enclosing scope and claims that he does not need that. Maybe if he were really using closures, he would have found it useful. No, bar is not a closure. It is basically just a local procedure. The original Pascal did not have full closures. Functions did only exist as long as their surrounding function was called. They could not be returned from functions. Pascal lacked also the necessary Garbage Collection. Pascal had lexical scope, but not full closures. All you could do was pass functions to other functions. But that's trivial, since each time one passed function X, it gets its active environment, which always is on the stack. There was no way to have closures, where functions have their own set of variable bindings, even when the surrounding function is no longer active. Being able to pass a function downwards is not sufficient to require full closures. Basically the same applies for Algol. Functions can't be returned and are not first class objects. What Algol contributed to the evolution of Lisp was lexical scope, but not closures. Also note that it was not Scheme that introduced closures in Lisp. That's what I fear, many people think they know what a closure is, but in reality there is a lot of confusion. No, closures are created when functions are passed or returned and there are free variables used in such a function. He did neither pass a function nor return one. The function itself is not a closure. The closure is an object that bundles a function and an actual set of bindings. That looks more like a choice of some implementation and hopefully not of the language. I would hope for 'Python' that a Python compiler doesn't do that. There is no need to create a closure, when it is never needed. Requiring that for each call of a function with some local functions, closures are created for those, has little to do with 'we have closures', but more with a silly implementation. Python the language or Python the implementation? It lists the paper of Joel Moses. Look for 'funarg problem'. In Lisp I would write a macro that could be used like this: (for-each (transaction) :where ((order :starts-with "a2d") (customer-website :ends-with ".com") (billing-first-name :equals "John") (status :one-of '(:authorized :settled)) (amount :between '("10.00" "20.00"))) :do (print (id transaction))) The nuclear industry is best run without competition. See France. The whole energy industry there is like soviet-style centralized economy. This leads to higher costs and at the same time to low safety. France for example brings a lot of nuclear waste to siberia where it is stored just under the sun, outside. You would never get real costs out of the nuclear complex in France. It all cleverly hidden. Yet they can't even produce enough energy for their country and deliver it. Last winter the power lines in France we almost collapsing. Heating is done with electricity and the winter was long and cold. The whole structure of energy production is very centralized (and not mesh like). At the same time 20% nuclear reactors were off the grid and Electricity had to be imported. Even for a conventional energy production it is important to have competition. But the big energy producers are getting monopolies for their regions. In France it is even worse: there is EDF and not much else. Next, the nuclear reactors are not using their heat in any useful way in France or Germany. They are mostly used to heat up the rivers. Which at the same time limits how many reactors one can put at a river. They need lots of water for cooling. >Your solar capacity only exists because of extreme government intervention. It's far more expensive than what you call "expensive" centralized electricity. The government intervention happened because voters brought the politicians into power to do just that: invest massively into renewable energy. >The most recent feed-in tariffs are 31.9 - 43.0 Euro cents per kWh (2009 installations), fixed for 20 years. Payments are constantly adjusted. There is ongoing discussion in Germany by how much to shrink them. > For comparison, wholesale spot prices for utilities in Germany averaged 3.9 Euro cents/kWh for baseload in 2009 (through 3Q), and 5.0 Euro cents/kWh for peaking power. Residential retail rates (as of 2007 -- slightly dated) are about 14 Euro cents/kWh before taxes. Coal. Germany produces a lot of electricity using coal. That's still cheap on the world market. Expect prices to climb in the next years. >>A new nuclear power plant has not been built in he last twenty years and is not planned. >Your government banned them. No, the government has not banned them. It's not so simple. There are several reasons for that: * nuclear reactors are extremely expensive to build. The simple designs of the past are no more. Years ago a block and a reactor was fine. Water was taken from the river and heating the river. Then protection from accidents were demanded. Like somebody flies a small plane into the reactor building. Recently it has been seen that terrorists can fly large airplanes, when needed. * next generation nuclear industry did not deliver. For example the Thorium reactor in Germany was a massive failure. I can remember how high it was praised. Then it failed to work safely. * the breeder technology did not get accepted by the public. The nearer people live to nuclear installations, the lesser the support for those is. That has been seen in Wackersdorf were Germany went into a war between police and its people. Politicians had to accept that the Germans did not want to enter the Plutonium business. * Generally public acceptance faded away. I live here in Hamburg. Relatively near is a reactor that has been shut down, because one of the main electricity transformers caught fire. After a long period of repairs the reactor went online again. The exact same happened again: this time the other transformer caught fire. Then once officials start looking at a reactor in detail, they find all kinds of problems. But that a reactor has an severe emergency shutdown TWICE because of the same failure type, shows how bad the safety situation is. It was also not one government. We had lots of governments during the last 20 years. Not one has encouraged the industry to build new reactors. Currently the ruling conservatives have labeled nuclear technology to be a 'bridge technology'. Thus it has no future. >>The new reactors that are under construction in Finland and France are both much more expensive than planned and are coming years late. >Yes, they've had enormous cost overruns and are years late. And German solar power is an order of magnitude worse. No, solar power is getting online all the time. Price is shrinking all the time. > We're talking about Olkiluoto #3 (Finland) and Flamanville #3 (France), the two new reactors being built in Europe. Both EPRs of 1,600 MW(electric) capacity (net). Olkiluoto had an inital cost estimate of €3 billion, and is overrun by 50% and counting (so €4.5 billion so far). Flamanville' overrun (to date) is smaller, from €3.3 B to €4.0 billion (20%). (These are the most recent numbers I can find; correct me if you find better ones.) Just in the press: France had to admit that it is coming later and gets more expensive. You would never get real costs out of them, since it is all run in soviet-style. The government controls a huge monopolist (EDF), a huge construction company (AREVA), and makes sure that there is no transparency and hides all cost calculations. Still France had to import huge amounts of electricity from Germany last winter, when 20% of their nuclear reactors were not online and their power lines were to weak. http://www.businessweek.com/news/2010-07-29/edf-said-to-rais... Flamanville: cost going up to 5 Billion. Olkiluoto: cost going up to 5.7 Billion. >Crucially, nuclear reactors actually achieve their nameplate capacity -- they run at full load almost all the time. Really? I have TWO reactors here around Hamburg which are doing nothing since quite some time now. Another one has been shut down terminally. >To date, all of German solar panels (i) add up to just one of these EPRs at best, (ii) have earmarked at the minimum €70 billion in subsidies between them, over their next 20 years. German nuclear industry ALREADY has received much higher subsidies. We are not talking about a future. But currently. Who do you think has paid for Gorleben, Asse, Konrad, Wackerdorf, etc., gives the nuclear industry all kinds of incentives? It is estimated that each year we pay more for subsidies for nuclear energy than it is put into research for renewable energy. Just the next problem: the ITER fusion experiment. Massive cost and time overruns, even thought this thing will never produce any electricity. Germany pays how much for that experiment in France? The whole experiment now is estimated to cost up to 15 Billion Euro. Commercial use is decades away. Actually since decades it is always decades away. Let me add the hidden cost of mining. From the Areva wikipedia page: --- Areva has been criticised both in Niger and the west for a neocolonial relationship with the former French colony, having obtained monopoly rights to mine uranium for nearly forty years, while Niger remains (as of 2006) the least developed country in the world.[16] There has been specualtion that Areva was the primary vehicle (and motivation) for French government involvement in the Nigerien government's poor history of democracy and human rights since the late 1960s. Areva argues that it is a good steward of the environment and a partner in development with the Nigerien people. The company stresses that most workers it directly employs in Niger are locals, and that the revenue generated by these mines is the single largest foreign exchange source for Niger.[17] When the population of Niger was exposed to a serious famine in 2005, Areva donated 130,000 euros in June 2005 to the food crisis coordination group of Niger, and 120,000 euros in July in the form of two planes loaded with food and organized by Bernard Kouchner's Réussir NGO. Nigerien critics point out that this aid amounted to 0.05% of Areva's annual profits of 428 million euros.[18]. In January 2008, a Swiss human rights group awarded Areva's Niger operations their "2008 Public Eye Global Award" for the "worst company in the world", citing charges of radioactive pollution, poor working conditions, and the deaths of a number of workers.[19] The Tuareg based rebel group fighting in the Arlit area has echoed these charges. --- Energy production was never a free market and never will be. No subsidies in the development of computing? That's a joke? Wait, who do you think has paid for the research. Ever heard of ARPA or DARPA? The whole computer technology came out of military applications paid by the tax payer. Ever heard of the origins of what we know as Internet, the ARPAnet? Google for 'secret history of silicon valley' and view the movie. I live in Hamburg, Germany. I always tried to use the bicycle for any regular work route under 20km. I use to use my bicycle for a job where I lived outside and the company was in some inner part in Hamburg. 18km. I also used it when I lived in some inner part and was working in some part of the harbour. 16km. There was a Fitness center near the office, I was a member of that chain of fitness centers. I was using the bicycle to get to that fitness center and have a shower there. Then I walked to the office. I would expect that it is important to take a shower before walking into office. It's just a matter of planning. Really good companies have showers for their employees. For example many of the larger companies have some kind of sports facilities. Additional to taking a shower, one also needs some fresh clothes. Also you need a save place for the bicycle. It takes some planning and organization, but once you use your bicycle three or more times per week to get to work and back it pays back. The excellent fitness is what you get in return. Currently I live in a suburb. The whole area is reduced to 30km/h for cars. I use my bicycle a lot. Bus station is 50 meters away. The bus comes every 20 minutes. The bus takes me in 5 or 10 minutes to two local city centers. The next local train is 15 minutes walking or 5 minutes by bus. That local train gets you in 18 minutes into Hamburg City. So, public transport is sufficient for me. Though there is also a Autobahn nearby. Generally connectivity is great. In the inner city of Hamburg one can now rent bicycles and a lot of planning is now done to improve the whole bicycle co system. Even the port authority of the Hamburg port, one of the largest in the world, thinks about using bicycles - they are working on a 'master plan' for using bicycles in the harbour region: http://www.hamburg-port-authority.de/presse-und-aktuelles/ne... Here in Hamburg you don't need a ticket for the bicycle. Busses also may transport them. Ferries are free, too. Axiom is a very very complex piece of software. It has code in several languages, implements languages, uses literate programming, it contains a very large library of mathematical concepts, documentation for those, tests, ... So, it is not lines, but really a million things, functions, documentation snippets, tests, ... That's also in line with my thinking. I'm not thinking in code lines, but live domain level objects. The software was written originally at IBM. Axiom was sold commercially, before it was open sourced. Axiom is also not written in one language. It is really the opposite. Lisp is basically the runtime for a complex domain specific language for mathematics. It is in some ways similar to Haskell. The language allows, how can I say it, a structuring of the mathematical domains with a typed language. Probably one of the most advanced pieces of software in that area. The capabilities of Axiom are really amazing. Interesting, the Lisp image on my Laptop has ALL of that preloaded, and quite a bit more. I have the LispWorks 64bit Enterprise Edition. It does provide Unicode, concurrent threads, database access, networking, GUI lib, ... Some of the other stuff I have loaded as libraries. My base image with software loaded is probably larger than SBCL's but it also contains more stuff. LispWorks runs also nicely under Windows. Possible drawback: it is commercial and not open source. Not only that. It buys you one of the fastest Lisp implementations, which runs nicely on Windows, Linux and Mac - everywhere with native GUI. Windows isn't that well supported by open source Lisps. The commercial ones are much better in that respect. Though, for me the Mac OS X support is more important, since I'm also not a regular Windows user. (defun gcd (a b) (if (= a b) a (gcd (abs (- a b)) (min a b)))) Declaring types makes it longer. There is not much an advantage for that type of code. Unless you go to specific languages like J, where even the math code gets quite a bit shorter. But my personal goal is not to write the small stuff even smaller. My goal is to get rid of the larger structures and hide them. The big win comes when one uses higher-order functions and macros in any non-trivial piece of software. Imagine all the boilerplate code that one writes for class definitions can be hidden behind some macros. If one creates the code from domain data, you can get very dense code. Then all kinds of combinations of control structures can be hidden behind macros. In large software systems Java developers were/are doing the same using XML files to describe the code and generate code from there. Axiom's user base are mathematicians in some domains. The target audience is just not web developers, Linux sysadmins, IT consultants, or whatever profession there is. Axiom went through a period of research, but was commercially released and maintained for several years. It is now around 40 years old. I would agree that Lisp is not that suitable to industry in general. Lisp has been developed to do symbolic computation. Computer algebra systems fall into this category. These have applications in physics and many other domains. You would need to scan the large bibliography of some of these systems to find all the application domains. Remember Mathematica is commercially sold and widely used. Axiom fall into this category. Lisp can be naturally used in all the domains where one computes with all kinds of symbolic data and languages. Another typical example are microprocessors. Lisp has been applied to check the correctness of various operations (floating point, ...) of AMD processors. This is not 'research', but part of the testing of chip designs. The chip design will be described in some language and some software will prove that the operations are correct based on a set of requirements. These are natural Lisp applications and they have nothing to do with research, prototyping or templating. They are applications of computing with symbolic expressions. This means Lisp has a natural application domain. Though this domain may not be large or popular, it does exist and provides a reason why it still exists. McCarthy wanted a language for certain problems. With lists, functions, symbolic expressions, evaluator, ... and more. Then he and the people he was working with stumbled across the thing that it can be applied to itself. This is why we say Lisp was not invented, but discovered. Lisp was supposed to have some kind of conventional syntax. But it was discovered that one can output the internal data that represents data and code as s-expressions. Then one saw that those can be written and read back. So the internal symbolic data suddenly had a corresponding external data representation. One that could be used for data, all kinds of data. Suddenly also Lisp programs themselves were trivially externalized data via s-expressions. Read back they could be manipulated with the usual operations that were designed for symbolic expressions. One application of Lisp's capability to compute with symbols, is that it is applied to itself and thus provides meta-linguistic capabilities (macros are well known). This means that just as easy as you can write language for symbolic computation with mathematical formulas (for integration, differentiation, simplification, and all that stuff), just as easy one can write and extend an implementation of Lisp, since its programs are also symbolic expressions. So the capability (computation with symbolic formulas) that was developed for domains like maths, planning, scheduling, knowledge representation, theorem provers, ... can be applied to Lisp itself. This has interesting effects and is also the reason why Lisp is especially disliked for tasks where flexibility is not needed or not wanted and programmers use a language without meta-linguistic capabilities. Lisp would require more self-discipline and in industrial projects fixed processes with fixed tools are often preferred. Digitool is long dead in case you have missed that. Visitor pattern intents: * Represents an operation to be performed on the elements of an object structure * Visitor lets you define a new operation without changing the classes of the elements on which it operates To me that sounds awful like MAPPING/FOLDING. You may want to reread the Visitor Pattern. Okay, now that we have established that the Visitor pattern is actually about mapping, as Tim said, we can give an example: Given nodes of a tree, with data and children. (defstruct node d c) We can define a map function: (defun mapt (n f s k) (when n (funcall f (funcall k n)) (mapc (lambda (n) (mapt n f s k)) (funcall s n)))) The mapt function takes a start node, a function to apply on each node's data, the successor function and a key function that extracts the data from the node. Then we can call it, printing all node contents: (mapt #S(NODE :D 1 :C (#S(NODE :D 2 :C NIL) #S(NODE :D 3 :C NIL))) #'print #'node-c #'node-d)) With generic functions we can provide content specific behavior. Here eventually PRINT-OBJECT will do the right thing. Usually Lisp provides these mapping functions. For example in LispWorks CAPI:MAP-PANE-CHILDREN walks over the sub panes of a pane. That's what he was talking about, there is no special Visitor pattern implementation, just mapping over the object structure. The mapping function depends on what it is, a tree, a cyclic graph, ... I found Tim's post not really that painful... The Java Implementation of the visitor pattern involves interfaces and classes plus double dispatch. All that has been replaced with one mapping. Which was Tim's point. Funky, the english Wikipedia page. It says that the German pebble bed reactor was abandoned due to 'political and economic' reasons. The truth can be read in the German version of the article, it simply did not work problem free. It is also mentioned further down in the English article. The German article about this specific reactor, the THTR-300, goes into detail. The pebbles were breaking. The concrete got too hot. The reactor got too hot in its center. Taking out pebbles could only be done when he reactor was running with reduced power. It also had an accident where the reactor was leaking radioactivity. All in all the handling of the pebbles had many ugly surprises for pebble bed reactor designers. They were breaking at a rate of 1000 higher than expected. The safety requirements are much higher than in the past. There are lots of problems. For example the control systems are now all digital. Now find THREE INDEPENDTLY designed and programmed control systems, so that these are available redundant and don't fail at the same errors. How many companies are there that can get their stuff certified at the required levels? For Finland there was ONE company capable of doing that, IIRC. They had a hard time finding other companies willing to invest in that area. Airbus sells many airplanes. Boeing, too. It took a long time to go to fully digital control systems on airplanes. I don't think any one wants a reactor to passively fail. That's a worst case scenario. If your reactor control system has to fall back to that, then it has no chance. The control system has a) to keep a reactor at all times in safe operation conditions and b) it has to work under failure conditions. If the core melts, then this is an economic loss of billions. The reactor in Finland will cost upwards of 6 billion Euros (last estimates I read were at 5.7 billion Euro). No one would want to have a core melting at such an expensive machine. Read more here: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8138869.stm http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2009/nov/27/nuclear-po... This sounds even worse: http://www.electricenergyonline.com/?page=show_news&id=1... This German study (2008) from Jülich (!) was quite critical about the whole concept: http://juwel.fz-juelich.de:8080/dspace/bitstream/2128/3136/1... Predicate dispatch in CLOS: ftp://publications.ai.mit.edu/ai-publications/2001/AITR-2001-006.pdf There is a big difference between those brands, Nike and Apple. There is a reason I use a Mac and I don't wear any Nike. I bought early one of the most expensive Nike Air running shoes. The quality was total shit and running with them was a pain. I never bought a single pair of Nike shoes again, and I bought a lot of running shoes. There was nothing that Nike could fix, it was just the whole construction of the shoe that was a big fail. Plus it was their most expensive shoe at that time. It was way too soft, the Air sole lost its function early, the rubber was also soft and there was not much left after just a bit of running, it provided no stability at all, and the whole 'Air' was just hot air. The shoe could be used for walking around, but not for running. From running with them one would get all kinds of injuries because of its various construction failures. So the core function and the core value of that shoe, the essence of Nike, was zero. All the marketing money with fancy ads showing athletes was zeroed out. I then kept running Adidas and currently I'm very happy with Brooks shoes. I bought early an Apple IIc, then a Mac SE30, a PowerBook, and then a multitude of other Macs - typing this on a MacBook Pro. The quality was good (not always) and Apple tries to improve things (though not always). All in all it was and is fun to use their products. In the end the 'brand' stuff for me is bullshit of the quality of the product is bad. Apple had some bad products, but it was never such a total failure at its core architecture as that Nike shoe. I just bought and downloaded the digital edition. Great issue. Thanks for the hard work to make that possible! Extra bonus: Lisp code included! Depends on what you define to be Lisp. If Lisp is the line of Lisp, Lisp 1.5, MacLisp, Lisp Machine Lisp to Common Lisp, then Clojure is not in that line. In Common Lisp I can run 50 year old code with relatively little change. CAR, PROG, ..., are still there. If Lisp is the larger family of widely incompatible languages like Logo, Dylan, Racket, Arc, NewLisp, then Clojure is a part of that family. But they share very little - not even the syntax. Clojure is completely incompatible to any of them - but that's true of each other. Really, LispWorks has its IDE ported to GTK+ and looks very nice under Windows, Mac OS X and Linux/FreeBSD. Got concurrency, too. I'm also looking forward to see the ARM port of Clozure CL mature with the alpha version already running on an iPad. Java-Batteries. Other people don't use Java batteries. Personally I prefer a Lisp that shows real error messages (not Java mumble mumble) and shows Lisp objects and Lisp functions in a debugger. I also prefer to have a nice Cocoa binding over a Swing binding. I would also not care. If people like Clojure and its Java integration? So what? More power to them. Rich and his friends are doing a good job. Still there are enough people to prefer other Lisps - enough that ten Common Lisp implementations are maintained, twenty Schemes, many versions of Logo, ... The main branch is Lisp, Lisp 1.5, MacLisp, Lisp Machine Lisp, Common Lisp. The evolution of that branch is now more in libraries and with individual implementations. It also got excellent implementations where all the low-hanging fruit is gone (Means easy improvements are no longer possible). For the community it is more difficult to improve the SBCL compiler, because it is already a substantial Lisp program. Still, if you look at the repository quite a few people add improvements to it. There is Scheme, where there is still some research and evolution going on. See the work on R7RS and implementations like Racket. If you compare the features of LispWorks or Allegro CL with Clojure you will find that Clojure has a very long way to go to match those offerings. Clojure 1.2 can't even display errors without exposing its Java nature. For a start it lacks the error handling infrastructure of Common Lisp and the tools that implementations provided on top of that. No, concurrency is also supported by free CL implementations - like CCL. We switched from LISP to Lisp shortly after mankind killed the last dinosaurs, btw. Yeah, the dinosaurs were still alive, then. So you lost interest in Linux as well? There are probably more different Linux distributions than Lisp dialects. Which shell do you use? How about a C like language? C? Why not C++? Or D? ATS? You've decided on a scripting language? TCL? Perl? Rebol? Python? Ruby? Sure, it makes sense if you are interested in that stuff. There is a wealth of material. More than a person can read in a lifetime. But it may be more important to hack the new stuff, otherwise you get sucked into that Lisp thing. Like me. Is it more 'newbie' friendly? The tools are bare bones. Make a syntax error and you get a Java error. On error you are thrown to the top level. Open the debugger and you see Java internals. On Emacs it reuses CL's SLIME, which is not known to be newbie friendly. Otherwise one has to use a Java IDE, which are not known for their interactivity. What does it make Newbie friendly? I was just seeing a video of Robert C Martin explaining Clojure - he looks like a Lisp newbie to me. Half of the time he was spending in a primitive REPL in a Terminal. Is that Newbie friendly? Maybe because one does not get distracted with slightly better REPLs, a SLIME REPL or even one of the other advanced REPLs? Then he was using Intellij. Is that more Newbie friendly? Perhaps to developers coming from Java? I wonder how many of you are using Clojure like a Lisp (with its interactive development tools), and how many are using it like typical scripting language? Anyway, I expect Clojure to improve on that front over time. But, as time goes by and the compiler is written in Clojure, the REPL gets improved, it has some better error handling, it gets real error messages, etc etc. ... it then will no longer be the sexy small Lisp which you have seen grow up. It will be a Lisp implementation like many others with all its complexity. No, I was just say that you have to make a choice. Since Perl, Ruby and Python are all completely incompatible and share no code. You can look at Lisp and choose Racket and be happy, for example. Let me make that clear: I like Common Lisp and use it. I'm not a Clojure user. But I also think Rich does an excellent job and his work on Clojure is brilliant. It's just that it is not exactly for me. If you look around in the Lisp community there are very very few people who don't have a lot of respect for Clojure. ALGOL did, but it had it easy, because it was not providing closures and garbage collection. When ALGOL had lexical scoping, these things were unresearched. It took a while in the Lisp and FP community to solve this (see the FUNARG problem). Transactional memory has been provided by several of the CLOS object databases. There have been logical language extensions to Lisp which see their data as in a database with transactions (Ap5 would be an example). The JVM does not bring that much new to the Lisp world. What is new in the JVM nowadays is the concurrent GC and the JIT. Lisp runtimes prefer precompiled code. What the JVM lacks for example is easy code loading (think class loading in the JVM), instruction set optimized for Lisp and dumped images. Clojure combines STM, concurrency etc. in a clever way and with the focus on pure FP. It's not that elements of that did not exist before, but the combination in Clojure seems to be novel. No language had lexical closures in 1958. ALGOL had lexical scope, but not closures. So their part was easy. On a language level all the consequences were explored with Scheme in the 70s. Before that their were individual solutions found to create closures. Read the history of the FUNARG problem (1970). FP languages came up later. The first ML appeared in something like 1972/1973. I'm not sure if that had lexical closures. I doubt that. The Lisp community was one active part of the FP community that detected the problem and eventually found a solution. Scheme was the first language to demonstrate that (1975). Other FP languages also went that route (ML, where the first ML was implemented on top of Lisp, IIRC). The MacLisp branch took some time to adopt lexical closures. First a special construct was introduced to create a closure. In some other implementations the compiler was using lexical scope, but not the interpreter. Common Lisp was then in 1984 the next major Lisp dialect that settled for lexical scope (incl. closures) for both interpreted and compiled code. The Lisp community (other than Scheme) had substantial code at the end of the 1970s, so there was some reluctance to move to lexical closures. Lexical closures also made the implementation a bit more difficult. The interpreter is simpler without them. There were also performance issues to overcome. The Glass Bead Game is mostly about useless academics that play a useless game and are remote from reality. The main character tries to find true meaning, then dies a sudden death, unfit for life when confronted with it. The glass bead game is never really described in the book. It does not serve any real purpose. It is just an academic exercise with no grounding in reality. The players are academics who don't have to earn anything. The state pays for them. Even among other academics it is not clear if the glass bead game is useful. The main character feels this emptiness and tries to escape from that. The end is typical. Not really. A Lisp Machine had a better Lisp, multi-tasking, a cool graphical user interface, the software was object-oriented and more. Emacs still has a relatively poor Lisp dialect, no object-orientation in most of its software, no multi-tasking, a relatively poor user interface and so on. In the main heritage line of Lisp (Lisp 1.5, MacLisp, Lisp Machine Lisp, CL), Common Lisp is still THE common Lisp. One can run run old code from the 1960s with relatively little changes. Neither with Scheme and Clojure you can do that. Both are Lisp dialects. Clojure is basically incompatible with every other Lisp and porting Lisp code to and from Clojure is basically done by completely reimplementing it. So, Common Lisp is not THE Lisp, but the common Lisp. Lisp has a lot syntax. It is just a bit different and it looks different externally. Lisp has a 2-stage syntax. The first stage is the syntax of s-expressions , which is surprisingly complex. S-Expressions provide a textual syntax for data: symbols, lists, pairs, strings, various number formats, arrays, characters, pathnames, ... The first stage is implemented by the 'reader' and can be reprogrammed by an ancient API to the reader via read tables. The second stage is the syntax of the Lisp programming language. This is defined on top of s-expressions and is really a syntax over data structures (not text). This Lisp syntax deals with: data items, function calls, special forms (thirty something) and macro forms. This syntax stage is implemented as part of the interpreter/compiler (EVAL, COMPILE, COMPILE-FILE) and can be extended by writing macros, symbol macros and compiler macros. In earlier dialects it could also be extended by writing so-called FEXPRs, functions which get called with unevaluated source code (-> data in Lisp). So, we get a lot of complex syntax due to special forms and macros. It just looks a bit different, since the data syntax is always underneath it (unless one uses a different reader). For example a function definition would be: (defun foo (a b) (+ (sin a) (sin b))) The syntax for that is: defun function-name lambda-list [[declaration* | documentation]] form* With more complex syntax for 'function-name', 'lambda-list' and 'declaration'. Lambda-list has this syntax: lambda-list::= (var* [&optional {var | (var [init-form [supplied-p-parameter]])}*] [&rest var] [&key {var | ({var | (keyword-name var)} [init-form [supplied-p-parameter]])}* [&allow-other-keys]] [&aux {var | (var [init-form])}*]) Not every valid Lisp program has an external representation as an s-expression - because it can be constructed internally and can contain objects which can't be read back. Not every s-expression is a valid Lisp program. Actually most s-expressions are not valid Lisp programs. For example (defun foo bar) is not a valid Lisp program. It violates the syntax above. Read tables existed before CL. CLOS for example not, it was developed for ANSI CL (based on experience with LOOPS and Flavors). See for example READTABLE in Maclisp: http://maclisp.info/pitmanual/io.html#16.2.7 Also note that I wrote that the API is ancient. It is. It is old and could be easier to use. 'Named readtables' are related to 'syntaxes' on the Lisp Machine. For example source files have a syntax attribute in the header, which switches between the various Lisp dialects (or other languages), including using different readers. This is for example used by the file compiler and Zmacs. LOOP is not from Interlisp. It comes straight from Maclisp. 'LOOPS' from Interlisp is something entirely different: an object-oriented extension to Interlisp. I haven't thought about it much, but the character level interface is very primitive. Second, what about things like symbols, numbers, etc.? There is no sane way to specify number syntax or symbol syntax. That might be useful. Currently the reader provides an interface on a character level, but not on the level of s-expressions components. No, why not? I can parse Lisp quite good. sure, that's possible - just see the LOOP macro... It influenced it the Maclisp LOOP. The idea. That's all. The CL LOOP macro OTOH is a straight version of the Maclisp version. The MIT version of LOOP came from the same sources, even. The Interlisp iteration facility looks slightly different. There are Interlisp manuals as PDF at bitsavers... CCL has no GIL. Native threads that are locked against each other by a GIL, are still native threads, but less useful native threads. An important purpose/use of native threads is that they are scheduled by the OS and not hindered by a GIL, so that in multicore machines multiple threads can run concurrently. CCL does that. Python with the GIL not. There are such DSLs on top of Common Lisp. But usually not on the scope of a full programming language like Pascal. It is not that typical anymore, but there are examples in that direction. LOOP shows some of the practical problem. For example for LOOP one needs a custom highlighter in the IDE, because it has its own complex syntax, which does not follow the basic Lisp model. Same for indentation / code formatting. There maybe other problems. There is another Iteration facility as a library for Common Lisp called ITERATE. It is very similar to LOOP, but the syntax is a bit more oriented towards Lisp. Usually these languages like Python are implemented on top of Lisp using a special parser. Of that there are many, from C, Python to special research languages. Then there are a lot of languages with lispy syntax. Typical examples were Prolog dialects with Lisp syntax (and optional Prolog syntax). The example that languages are embedded into a single s-expression (like in the LOOP macro) is also possible, but different. It would not make sense to use Python that way, since the low level syntax of Python is different from what Lisp s-expressions provide. For example s-expressions are not preserving any textual layout (indentation) when read - something that a language that uses indentation in its syntax would need, but would not get from being embedded in a single s-expression. Probably the most fun computer book ever released. Conrad, you are my hero! The comic on the Land of Lisp page is so well done. Click on the blinking words. I'm speechless... They explain the ships in detail. Nicely done. Datapoint: My new MacBook Air has had zero problems so far. Steven Levy basically repeats Stallman propaganda. Others have different memories about that time. Also not only Stallman promoted free software in that time. For example the Common Lisp community had extreme benefit from what was done at CMU. CMUCL/Spice Lisp was released as public domain software and has been used widely in derived implementations, like SBCL or even commercial software. There were several other prominent Lisp hackers from that time which promote free software. Stallman did a lot, but please make him a saint - when people like Scott Fahlman had much more impact in the Lisp community. I haven't said anything against his point. It is just that claiming that Stallman was the only one 'getting free software' is bullshit. He did a lot, but in the Lisp community there were many others which promote(d) free software. Also Stallman did promote Free software, but his promotion of Lisp was mostly limited to Emacs Lisp. There was an attempt with Guile, but that was mostly it. He had worked with the Lisp Machine, but once he was out, that topic was finished. Anyway, I find a few points are right and several others not. That Symbolics would have not gone out of business if Genera would have been free software and portable is speculation. It is neither necessary nor sufficient. For example Franz is still around, though Allegro CL is not free software. There are lots of free software / portable Lisp implementations which are as dead as Genera, or more than dead. I agree that it might help, but not more. I agree with the following: portability and 'free' can help with survival. I don't think adding C to Lisp is of much help. The mismatch is huge. There are two options: 1) repeating the design of the past (with the same problems and maybe slight improved. There has been lots of talk and little action. It's difficult because we don't have the hackers with knowledge and time for that. 2) doing a new design which gets rid of the limitations of past designs (single user, single image, no security, ...). That's even more difficult. CMUCL was a research project and DARPA financed. Commercializing it was not the main goal. CMUCL got funding for many years (until 1994), when it was open source already. CMU promoted 'free' software in a huge way in many projects. They also provided the CMU AI repository which collected all available university research software in AI, including language implementations. It was not the Stallman version of 'free' software with a viral license. Most people fail to understand the role of DARPA funding. Stallman worked in a DARPA (= military) lab - the MIT AI Lab. He worked basically on new software infrastructure for the military. They funded it to get intelligent software for guided missiles, logistics systems, missile defense systems, simulators, training systems, ... The largest batch of Lisp Machines went into the Star Wars project. Promotion of 'free software' was not a DARPA priority, but DARPA was interested to get these tools widely used in Universities. DARPA financed a batch of a hundred Lisp Machines (IIRC) for example and gave them to universities. At the same time they promoted competition, to have more than one source for the technology - so LMI and TI also got money. Stallman has his definition of 'free software', which shows in the GPL license. Others have their idea of free software which shows in the use of 'Public Domain' as the license. To me the Public Domain Lisps were always more important than the GPLed ones. Only if you can integrate it in a useful way and reuse C code from other places. Which I doubt is possible. Symbolics also had developed a portable Lisp, but closed it. They developers then develop it externally, it was developed and sold as Lucid CL. Lucid CL was highly portable, but the company also did not survive. Symbolics' problem was not that their software was not portable. Open Genera is a VM and ran on DEC Alpha, it would have been possible to port it to other 64bit machines. But the business went away. The thing was too costly. It was also not just a Lisp implementation, but a portable OS. As an OS it simply did too much: own networking, own window system, ... The reason why Franz is still around and Symbolics' is not, is not a question of portability - it is because Franz' Lisp is just a Lisp implementation and concentrates on that - where Genera / Open Genera is an OS, which simply does too much. Why run a TCP stack in Lisp on a machine which already has a TCP stack? Why run a window system on a machine which already has one? Plus the rest of the machine does not benefit from that. If the other software could use the Lisp TCP stack, but it can't. Or like any other language implementation with a language-oriented virtual machine: Java/JVM, CLISP, SQUEAK, ... The Ivory is a language oriented processor - not a computer. It's a CPU, a chip. Where is the difference? Open Genera also does not emulate an Ivory-based computer, but the processor mostly. It emulates the instruction set. http://pt.withy.org/publications/VLM.html Zetalisp sucked for systems programming? That's a pretty strong word. Have you ever used it at all? I doubt that Allegro CL is easier to port than Open Genera. then he went on and desi^h^h^h^h ... crea^h^h^h^h ... hacked Perl... Nobody of those says that SICP isn't a really great book. Wadler claims that the book and a 'better' language would be an improvement. Felleisen et.al. claim that the book does not prepare the students for software engineers in industry, is very difficult and thus is not the best book for a typical introductory course. Even though I understand both critiques, I see their point of view and find both views valid, SICP is still * out of five stars. The book is not really about programming. It is more about thinking. Scheme R6RS: LET, LET* , LETREC, LETREC* , ... I guess you have to learn those. Once you understand what the * means, you can easily see the difference between any construct with and without * . It's basically the question whether bindings are done in parallel or sequentially nested. That topic should be described in a beginners book when learning some Lisp dialect. The code as data as code as data ... idea is a feature of core Lisp. Not everybody 'gets' this feature and not everybody 'needs' this feature. Other than that there have been many conventional syntaxes derived from Lisp: Logo, ML, Dylan, ... What most of these don't have is the code as data as code as data ... support or at least it gets more difficult. If the representation via s-expressions is not needed, other syntaxes are not that difficult to implement... Germany has been consistently exporting its goods over two decades, independent of the exchange rates. The German export success is not tied to the exchange rate. German companies learned to live with high exchange rates. For example the automotive industry has factories in the US, Mexico, Brasil, ... The automotive industry was the first to build new state of the art factories in East Germany. Porsche in Leipzig, VW's transparent factory ( http://www.glaesernemanufaktur.de/gmd.jsp?dok=&lang=&... ), ... Ireland and Greece were not supposed to be 'weak' countries. Ireland just a few years ago was seen as a model for economic growth (supported by very low tax rates for companies). Ireland is a victim of its own misguided policies (housing bubble, banking system, ...) and its orientation to anglo-saxon economic policies. Greece also failed to reform its economic policies (after cheating on the economic data for quite some time). There was time enough to do that. I also don't think these countries are 'collapsing'. But adjusting their economic policies will be tough. When I was young it was in to drive Jaguar here in Hamburg. Now they are mostly gone... The UK was strong in manufacturing for a long time, and still is. But the 'masters of the universe' decided it was easier to earn money by selling oil and financial products. The result: the oil runs out and the financial products were ponzi schemes. Depends on where you look at. There are entire industrial niche markets 'owned' by German Mittelstand companies. It is just not in your focus of attention. The EU is diverse and has a lot of different member states. Germany's largest trading partners are not Ireland or Greece. Far from it. It is France. Germany is also the largest importer in the EU. For many products it sells there are suppliers somewhere else in the EU. The problem of Ireland and Greece are not so much caused by trade deficits with Germany. There are problems caused by trade deficits (while at the same time Germany is transferring lots of money into the EU by its EU contributions and investments), but Ireland's problems were caused by its bursting housing bubble and its banking crisis. Greece OTOH has internal budget deficit problems (expensive public sector, corruption, arms deals, ...). The VW transparent factory: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nd5WGLWNllA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeYi87P31UQ part of being seriously smart is to use the best tool. Haha, funny. I wonder why US and UK publications publish this topic over and over. There is zero chance that Germany will go back to the Mark. Ireland and Greece are tiny countries. Their problems are totally blown out of proportion. Germany has a GDP of around 2.5 Trillion Euro. The EU has a GDP of 12 Trillion Euro. Ireland has a GDP of around 160 Billion. The Euro being under pressure? How is that bad news for Germany's export oriented economy? It is not. Second, the countries like Greece and Ireland under pressure? That's also great for the greater EU. It makes everyone aware that changes in economic policy are needed. Up until now in many areas the EU and Eurozone countries have different economic policies that are not really adjusted to each other. There is now some chance that this will change. The internal problems in Europe have been caused by a few factors: * the banking system took a lot of risks and also invented fancy new products (aka ponzi schemes) * bubbles in a few countries, especially the housing bubble in the UK, Ireland, ... * budget deficits for example in Greece, UK, ... The financial crisis has exposed these problems. Giving up the Euro does not solve any of these problems. The single currency market of the Eurozone has been given such a boost to the economy that very few people would be willing to give that up. The only real question that is worth discussion is how to repair the broken parts. All other speculation in this area is wishful thinking and market manipulation from people who want to profit from the manipulations. The monetary policy, yes. But taxes are different for example. You can grow up yourself. Not the whole economy of Ireland is affected. It is just parts - banks, real estate, etc.. The companies are still there and their products and services are still valuable. When the EU keeps the banks from collapsing, makes credit available, then Ireland is still alive. To keep a tiny country like Ireland with 6 million people running should not be difficult for an EU of 500+ million people. So what? The task is to keep the banks alive. Much of the rest of Ireland is still there. There are still people, buildings, companies, services, machines, ... The GDP per capita is inflated in both the US and Ireland. In Germany the GDP is similar in the West and lower in the former East, which will need many more years to reach the level of the former West Germany. foo := 2 * a + b; No type checking will ever get that this is simply the wrong formula, computes as (2 * a) + b and was supposed to be 2 * (a + b) . The last thing we need is new weapons. somehow a book is missing that would explain why the 'Economist' (sic!) had no idea of the upcoming financial crisis and completely failed to understand the catastrophic effects of economic politics that were promoted by the Economist, which lead to the crisis. from 2008, the Economist: 'This is a black week. Those of us who have supported financial capitalism are open to the charge that the system we championed has merely enabled a few spivs to get rich. But it helped produce healthy economic growth and low inflation for a generation. It would take a very big recession indeed to wipe out those gains. Do not forget that in the debate ahead.' Reminds me of a Gandhi quote: When Gandhi was asked what he thought of Western Culture, he said: "I think it would be a good idea." Last time I looked Haskell and Lisp were totally different languages, with different communities, different technologies, different application areas, ... Why should this change? Jon Harrop is well known for his spamming work in Lisp and Haskell communities. Not really: Jon Harrop is the troll and John Harrop probably not. I have seen programmers that are more than ten times faster than some slow programmers. There are debugging tasks where some people struggle for days, while others would find it in one hour. The pointless wars did not make them leave the military? Like invading Iraq based on lies and then making a complete mess in Iraq because of total lack of planning? Or the daily UAV attacks in foreign countries which are outside of US and international law? Military prisons in foreign country to be able to torture and prosecute people without access to lawyers, etc.? The military sucking in about a full trillion (military budget + war budget + nuclear weapons + + + +) of tax payer money? That did not make the military officers think? C source code has not the external representation of a string. a string has a certain character level syntax: alphanumeric characters and escaped characters. Last I looked strings were part of the C syntax, but the C syntax was not based on strings. OTOH Lisp syntax is built on top of S-expressions, a data syntax. There were some presentations/talks about the use of Lisp/Scheme in the production of these games. For example: http://www.naughtydog.com/docs/Naughty-Dog-GDC08-Adventures-... Sure you could define a variant of C. But C itself is how it is. C external source code is not defined on top of a data syntax. C also does not have any structured data representation for its source code and is not defined to work on that. http://lispm.dyndns.org/ptf-ai-1-1/LANG/LISP/CODE/TOOLS/XREF... Right, it is an iMac at my home behind an ADSL line. It's not really made for Hackernews size traffic. Interested persons might come back later, when the traffic died down. Typically Lisp Machines are only interesting for a few persons - so the average traffic is not really high. That works, but you should keep your MacIvory at arms length. The debugger will often pop up on the main console and not the X11 window Console. You can build keyboards with arrow keys. IIRC the keyboards from TI for their Explorer Lisp Machines had arrows, etc. Even with Genera you can use arrow keys. You can configure a new keyboard layout and use that for your keyboard. Genera can for example be used over X11 or on the MacIvory. There keyboards typically have arrows and Genera knows about them... The link to the screenshots has been posted several times before. This time I see a lot of requests for the screenshots coming in and it still goes on after three days. Any idea what is causing this? From the UML standard: The Unified Modeling Language is a visual language for specifying, constructing, and documenting the artifacts of systems. It is a general-purpose modeling language that can be used with all major object and component methods, and that can be applied to all application domains (e.g., health, finance, telecom, aerospace) and implementation platforms (e.g., J2EE, .NET). object and component methods . The UML comes from modelling for object-oriented software. Using UML with Functional Programming is like using a hammer to drive screws into walls. Lisp with CLOS is in no way Functional Programming. CLOS is the Common Lisp Object System. But even that is already a poor fit with UML, since CLOS is sufficiently different from the message-passing OO paradigm. If you draw a box with an arrow, then you use a drawing program and not UML. There is a reason, while in addition to OOP (object-oriented Programming) we are talking about OOA (object-oriented analysis) and OOD (object-oriented design). It's wrong to believe that OO is only for programming - it goes right into modelling and design. UML is originally created to support OO modelling. One could use a library for reading/writing s-expressions. (f x) is not different things. It is just that the meaning of (f x) depends on a context and is only meaningful in a context. (f x) alone is a call, a macro or function. (let ((f x)) ...) , here (f x) is an item in a binding list. What a Lisp programmer sees is a pattern introduced by LET: LET ((var value)*) body There are a handful of basic macro code structure patterns. Once they are learned and attached to the symbol of the corresponding macro, the understanding of code is much improved. Reading Lisp code requires to identify the visual marker - the symbol in front. Depending on that there are code patterns that can be visually destructured: lists, property lists, assoc lists, lambda lists, binding lists, ... In other languages the visual markers are supported by different characters. In Lisp it is a symbol. { a := b + x; } vs. (progn (setq a (+ b x))) As a Lisp programmer I'm trained to see the PROGN, not the parentheses. It is a bit like being afraid of riding a bicycle for the first time. How can one move forward and balance at the same time? Difficult. Once learned it is simple and hard to unlearn. How can one read the various Lisp code patterns? Once you have learned them it is easy and hard to unlearn. enumeration type? If you still use punch cards (this Lisp code was written in punch cards) to feed programs into your computer, then it is a good way. If not, you can use a text editor and format your code differently. It is the s-expression variant with comma as whitespace. Common Lisp has MAPCAN: (defun flatten (list) (mapcan (lambda (item) (if (listp item) (flatten item) (list item))) list)) I know what enumeration types are. Symbols are not directly an 'enumerated type', but can be used to implement them. Like symbols can be used for many other things. Thinking of symbols as elements of 'infinite enumerated type' is misleading or useless. In Common Lisp symbols are not just a name, but part of a namespace (package), have a value, a function, a property list, etc.. They can only be kind of enumerated if they are part of a package. Symbols can also be not interned in a package, then you can't enumerate them. The author is some professor using Lisp and falls into some traps. The personality he describes is not a speciality for Lisp (he may simply not know other programming community) and some of the people he observes may not really be have this kind of personailty - he really can't see since something like a programming news group only exposes a tiny bit of a personality. It is true that in the Lisp community there are and were some highly intelligent people and some of them are not your average guy (think Stallman, Gabriel, ...) - but those were extremely productive and creative. Gabriel was the CEO of a development took company which was quite successful for some time. I think that people exist who march what he describes, but not exclusively in the Lisp community. I also think that many in the Lisp community have much complexer personalities than what he describes. comp.lang.lisp has long been the target for weirdos and trolls. That's one part of the problem. There are reasons for that, but I fear there is not a single explanation for the behaviour of various widely different personailities. I have seen a lot of weirdos in other communities. Mathematics attracts some of them for example. I remember that guy who proved that PI is finite. Physics is another. I remember that guy who put a lot of effort into a presentation about water and its memory effect. A special, not that cheap device, could take advantage of that effect. That device was for sale. This 'works for me' attitude is completely unrelated to Lisp. Ever worked in a Java team where some guy constantly checks in code which works for him? I've seen that. He still wanted to check in untested code. Who would write a Lisp compiler in 100% Java. Why??? There are a few things that are easier to write in Lisp, high on that list is a Lisp compiler. Deployment of what? How would a compiler written in ABCL and delivered as Jar be more difficult to deploy??? Accessibility? For who? The people who actually can maintain a Common Lisp compiler are using mostly Lisp and share parts of their code. There is almost no Common Lisp compiler written not in Lisp. Part of the runtime system may be written in C, but much of the rest is Lisp and especially the compiler. For example the compiler for ABCL running on top of the JVM is written in Lisp: http://trac.common-lisp.net/armedbear/browser/trunk/abcl/src... Please stop your patronizing tone. You can also increase the quality of your own response, which was near zero. So much drivel, so little content. Stop writing bullshit. ABCL is written in Lisp AND RUNS ON THE JVM. What's so difficult to understand? You can deploy it everywhere where the JVM runs. Totally painless. All of Common Lisp has already been written in Lisp and is available both in GPL and Public Domain versions. A Lisp compiler could just reuse all of that or parts of it and just needs to compile to JVM byte codes. There is no need to rewrite all of that in Java - it exists already. There is no need to rewrite the library functions in Java. There is no need to rewrite the REPL in Java. All you need is the code generator and some runtime parts. The rest, and that's a lot, exists already and can be taken. The only thing you get by writing 100% Java is some Lisp dialect that will have tons of bugs and problems. A compiler written in 100% Java is DOA. 'Deleted data' = 'evidence'? 'Fascism' = 'Peace'? Why? Apple makes much of the profit. A report claims that Apple makes with 4% global market share 50% of the profits: http://www.appleinsider.com/articles/11/01/31/apples_4_mobil... Google does not even really sell a phone. Google sells you, the user. How much revenue of Apple do you think comes from that ad platform? Compare that with Google. How is Android a wakeup call? Apple's profits have been rising in that market segment, independent of who currently sells more phones and what OS phones run. Apple now has Verizon support and is available in a lot of international markets. Next the could diversify to different models, if that would help. Apple lives from the focus of integrated hardware and software. But the real strength is the attention to the user. With Android you got Google as the software sponsor, Google as the service provider, Google as the ad platform through which they drive their revenue and you got a multitude of hardware companies using their software. We have seen similar models in the past, where the hardware companies had to pay the software provider their share for the software license. The Google model is indirect. Apple has shown in recent years that they have no problem competing against these business models, even with a tiny market share. Apple does not sell by features or price. My main problem with Apple is not about how their deals with developers or partners work, but that they don't allow me as a user to take full (or 'more') control of the device software. That for me as the user, I have no other choice as to get software from their store is limiting me. No, that is not the plant where the main problems are. They are talking about the Daiichi reactors here: http://www.tepco.co.jp/en/press/corp-com/release/11031305-e.... I thought it was the industry who wanted to get the profits from existing reactors instead of investing hundreds of millions to shut down a site and billions to build new ones. The environmentalists just think that the new ones don't solve the underlying problems of security, waste disposal, etc. I'm not supporting a technology which has these kinds of worst case scenarios happening. Wow, such a denial of reality. 'in control'? If anything I saw in the last hours, the thing is not in control. Diesel generators failed, a building exploded, core meltdowns going on, restoring of electricity failed, seawater used for cooling (how were they pumping it and are the pumps powerful enough to provide cooling over a longer period of time like days). Valves are not working, measurement of pressure is not possible, there are fears of another explosion. Two reactors are still OUT OF CONTROL. One of them is even using Plutonium in its fuel. German news about that: http://www.spiegel.de/wissenschaft/technik/0,1518,750668,00.... Whether the containment will work as designed is unknown. Fukushima II, the other plant has cooling problems, too. Now there has been an alarm of higher radiation at the Onagawa plant. German source: http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/0,1518,750637,00.html The reactor 3 at the first Fukushima plant is not just using Uranium. It uses MOX fuel. So what the author ('expert???') wrote is already useless, he does not even know what the reactors are using as fuel. Japan Today: http://www.japantoday.com/category/technology/view/mox-fuel-... From August last year: MOX fuel loaded into Tokyo Electric's old Fukushima reactor Sunday 22nd August, 05:36 AM JST FUKUSHIMA — Tokyo Electric Power Co loaded plutonium-uranium mixed oxide fuel Saturday into a reactor at its nuclear power plant in Fukushima Prefecture in preparation for the largest Japanese utility’s first plutonium-thermal power generation. The No. 3 reactor at the Fukushima No. 1 plant would be the third in Japan to be used for the so-called pluthermal generation, but the only one among the three to have been subjected to antiaging treatment with 34 years since its launch. Pluthermal output has already begun at the No. 3 reactor of Kyushu Electric Power Co’s Genkai plant in Saga Prefecture and the No. 3 reactor of Shikoku Electric Power Co’s Ikata plant in Ehime Prefecture. Sure it is relevant. It means that the level of Plutonium could be higher in reactor 3 of plant Fukushima 1. This could have relevance in case of a full meltdown. It is said that then there is a possibility that there is a different reaction. Yeah, it seems to be surprising to you that there are people who did not drink the nuclear Kool-Aid. Why is that? Has your 2-party system, the influence of corporations and your declining media made you unable of critical thinking? Did not work out too well, given the history of nuclear power plants in the US. When was the last one built? The list of cancelled nuclear power plants is impressive: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_canceled_nuclear_plants... Chernobyl had much higher number of deaths. WHO: http://sciencev1.orf.at/science/news/147988 The range mentioned is 14000-17000. Coal-fired plants were not mentioned by me as an alternative or as desirable. Please stop that. I see that you are confused when somebody has not the view of the nuclear industry. You are brainwashed by the corporations. Even thinking that there are alternatives that are not coal seems to be not possible. When will the US start with alternatives then? Never? How about some energy saving??? Technocrats? After an earth quake people can move back into the area. Living in an area where a nuclear accident happened may not possible for many years. If there is radioactivity released, then we are talking about large scale consequences. Tokio is just 240km away from Fukushima and there are living 30 Million people. Imagine if they have to leave the city behind. Chernobyl had a certain type of scenario with radioactive particles released of a huge area in Europe. This has still effects. For the economy of the Ukraine in means that the have a region which can 't be developed, they have to pay for the maintenance of the broken reactor for decades and for example agriculture in that area is not really possible. Nobody outside the Ukraine will buy vegetable from them. Check out the coal power plants. They had problems during the earth quake, but they fail and that's mostly it. The nuclear reactors are full losses costing billions and need and extremely dangerous type of further maintenance. I don't know many people who would want to work on Fukushima later. Who should clean up the site??? Which humans do we want to give these tasks??? In Chernobyl there was a lot of radiation released. Workers had a years of typical dose in a few minutes. I don't believe for a second that workers in Fukushima will not exposed to radiation. Even the US Navy pulls a ship away from the site, because it measured radiation in 160km distance. This does not help the people of the Ukraine. It happened there and it affected millions of people. The nuclear industry has a couple of worst case scenarios which are extremely frightening. From the sabotage of a nuclear facility to large scale accidents like in Japan. I know not many industries which have that. I remember years ago, the air here in Germany was very dirty. Then there were tighter regulations and improved technology. Now the air is much better, still not good enough in some areas - but the difference is huge. When you have an exposure of radiation here, then you can't clean it up. The particles are everywhere. Tighter regulations will not bring improvements. The damage is done. Possibly for decades. People here accept neither coal plants nor nuclear technology. They demand that most of the investment in future energy technology goes into renewables. This will not bring improvement in a day, but after a few decades a multitude of actions will make dirty and/or energy production phased out. This scenario is planned here for Germany in 2050. Fourty years from now. Under the impression of the Japanese problems with their nuclear power plants, people are willing to accelerate that. This means that for years there will be investments in new technologies, there will be implementations of those that not everybody will like, but Germany is a country with engineering tradition and this is a challenge people like. There are scenarios, where a nuclear accident has a damage that makes living in that area impossible for a long time. Then you don't even have a choice whether you want to drive or not. The people of Prypjat had to leave and the region there is uninhabitable for the next 300 years. There are very few car crashes in that area. A few hours later we see that the reactor 2 of Fukushima 1 is severely damaged, radiation is leaking, most of the staff has been evacuated. Let's direct the money necessary for those into renewable energy instead. Given the recent events this post is just cynical. http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/15/world/asia/15nuclear.html?... New Blast Reported at Nuclear Plant as Japan Struggles to Cool Reactor By HIROKO TABUCHI, KEITH BRADSHER and MATT WALD Published: March 14, 2011 TOKYO — An explosion early Tuesday morning damaged the No. 2 reactor at Japan’s Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station, the third in a series of blasts that have now hit each of the three crippled reactors at the plant, plant officials said. Enlarge This Image It was not immediately clear if the blast was caused by the buildup of hydrogen, as occurred at the two other reactors at Daiichi — one on Saturday and the most recent one on Monday, when there was also a large explosion at the No. 3 reactor. Some early reports in the Japanese press suggested the latest explosion amounted to a different and more critical problem than the previous two. This explosion, reported to have occurred at 6:14 a.m., happened in the “pressure suppression room” in the cooling area of the reactor and inflicted some degree of damage on the pool of water used to cool the reactor, officials of Tokyo Electric Power said. But they did not say whether or not the incident had impacted the integrity of the steel containment structure that shields the nuclear fuel. Radiation levels around plant spiked after the explosion to 8,217 microsieverts an hour from 1,941 about 40 minutes earlier, the company said. Some emergency workers there were evacuated, though the levels would have to rise far higher to pose an immediate threat to health, officials said. Any damage to the steel containment vessel of a nuclear reactor is considered critical because it raises the prospect of an uncontrolled release of radioactive material and full meltdown of the nuclear fuel inside. To date, even during the four-day crisis in Japan that amounts to the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl, workers had managed to avoid a breach of a containment vessel and had limited releases of radioactive steam to relatively low levels. ... Does it need a Tsunami to have the cooling system of a nuclear power station to fail? How about: an accident with an aircraft (Germany has lots of air traffic), an earth quake (yes, Germany has earth quakes), sabotage , operator errors (happens sometimes, see Three Mile Island, Chernobyl, ...), terrorist attacks (Germany is a terror target due to its participation in the Afghan war), military attacks, random technical failures, ... The nuclear power station next to me in Krümmel is shutdown because of technical failures and general total incompetency. I don't think lung cancer based on that is that common as it used to be. The filters in the new coal power plants can be as effective as 99,5%. Second where I live in North Germany the wind mills already flood the network on windy day with more electricity than consumers can take. Survived? The reactors are all wrecks. Huge multi-billion dollar wrecks. None of them will ever go online again. All will cost Bazillions to clean up and while humans are doing that they will be in danger. Your reality distortion field is even larger than that from Steve Jobs. If it would have been a failure of the train, all were brought into inspection. As it has been done before when the train accident of the ICE 1 happened (Eschede). If the track had been the cause, it would have been investigated and no train would use that track until it would have been brought up to standards. If there were a chance to stop the train in case of an environmental catastrophe it would have been done. If there would be a technical system, it would brought into service. Here we have a full wreckage of at least 10 nuclear plants which to rebuild and clean-up would cost upwards of 50 billion dollar. The damage that can be caused by leaking radiation to around 20 or million people can't even be estimated. Claiming that the multiple engineering failures exposed and the multiple mismanagement is a triumph of Japanese engineering is not even laughable - it is cynical. For example that the diesel power generators would fail has been known before and improvements had been suggested already. That there was a pool full of spent fuel is also total engineering and management failure. That the cooling failed and they caught fire is another failure. Why were they there? Because Japan does not have an idea what to do with them. They were running nuclear reactors (something like 50 at last count) without an idea where to finally store the nuclear waste. For decades! Please! The least they could have done to bring them away, provide better cooling and more space. But that would have been to expensive. TEPCO is a company of FAIL. Multiple severe FAIL in combination with corrupt politicians. They are not unrelated. There are very old reactors, some of which were to be closed already, hadn't the current government changed the policy. NONE of these reactors would get a permission to get online based on current regulations. Some are very simple BWR designs, some are near an earth quake zone, some don't have sufficient protection against relatively simple aircraft accidents, ... The government also says that the reactors are shut down for safety inspections and then it has to be decided which of those can get back online. Which is controversal, since there was already a negotiated plan which of those had to shut down and the oldest ones had to go. It is not silly, it is just about using the current political pressure to force the government to follow the originally negotiated phase out plan (which was also negotiated with the industry). It has nothing to do with 'silly', it is a political struggle to force the current government to reverse its pro-nuklear policy. It is not. These old designs would not get any permission to get online by today's standards, at least in Germany. Some of these old reactor designs can't be brought to current safety standards. They just have to be closed. We hear nothing about the coal power plants currently. The nuclear reactors seem to make much more trouble right now. Where, btw.. That was another fake news. There were no trains with 1800 dead. The US embassy in Tokyo gives the advice to leave the area of 80km around Fukushima or at least stay indoors. One has to understand that Chernobyl is different. Only one of four running reactors had problems: a core meltdown, an explosion and the burning graphite moderator. Fukushima is different, but possibly worse: four running reactors are involved. Two non-running reactors have cooling problems, too. Full electricity blackout over several days for ALL reactors. Spent fuel stored in seven pools and one dry storage: 1760 tons of spent fuel. The pools without adequate cooling were running dry. The spent fuel is damaged. Smoke escaping. Buildings exploding. Cooling water just sprayed over the buildings... More than one partial meltdown highly likely. Much higher population density. MOX fuel with Plutonium involved. The Ukraine was actually running some of the Chernobyl reactors years after the accident there. I won't expect that any of the Fukushima reactors will run again. Several of them will need some kind of primitive containment to prevent that radiation or radioactive material will escape. Working on that site will be very dangerous for several years... Chernobyl needed several hundred thousand 'liquidators' to work on the single damaged reactor and to clean the surrounding cities and streets. In the hot zone of Chernobyl the liquidators went in with a lead protection and got the radiation dose of a life in a few minutes. In the Fukushima plant there will be several areas with extremely high radiation. From the spent fuel pools to the reactor core areas. This is one huge fucking catastrophe. This would be 1408 mSv/year. In Germany it is requested that people have to leave areas with radiation above 100mSv/year for at least a year. See 4.4.5 at: http://www.verwaltungsvorschriften-im-internet.de/bsvwvbund_... Is that satire? you are watching a car which has been pushed over the cliff and while it is falling, you are telling us that the car is still looking fine... Hmm, a large multi-billion dollar wreck is a success story? that's a nuclear powered reality distortion field. A total disconnect from reality. In reality a new reactor here in Europe costs about 5 billion Euros a piece. Nobody is wanting to finance a nuclear reactor. They even don't need to be insured, since no insurance company would provide insurance for a nuclear reactor. The nuclear reactors all need huge government subsidies or need to be fully financed by the government. In the US almost nobody wants to finance a nuclear reactor, even though the government runs around with lots of money for those. In France for example the nuclear industry is a fully government run system. Socialism at work. And? How do you clean up the area around the reactors? How far? What would it cost? When will the evacuated people return to their homes? What will it cost to clean up the reactors? What will it cost to replace them? How long will it take to build new nuclear reactors and where? Who will pay the japanese people the loss of property due to radioactive contanimation? That sounds naive given the political environment. There are a lot of reactors which are much more dangerous than the one in Chernobyl. The ones using Plutonium, the breeders, the ones with large storage sites full of spent fuel, etc. The Thorium reactor has a lot of problems. Engineering problems that are not solved. Remember the German Thorium reactor, the HTR 300. It died with a whimper. What we really don't need is giving nuclear engineers more money to create huge nightmares. The first thing before ANY nuclear engineer could come back with another idea is to provide us with a safe storage technology and clean up failed attempts like in Asse II. Believing that the next hundred billions on new nuclear technology will be better spend than the last ones, is just naive. Especially given that the basic question of storing the waste is totally unsolved. The US abandoned now Yucca. Germany has also no storage site. Instead the waste is piling up in totally inadequate places - spent fuel is stored in pools near reactors and in dry storage near reactors. The fast breeders are dead. Nobody is building them anymore here. In Germany the attempt to build one cost several billions and it is now an amusement park. Nuclear engineers are technocrats powered by corrupt politicians and corporations. The US does not need more energy. The US needs to start thinking about using less energy. About every country in the industrialized world uses MUCH MUCH less energy. If you think the US lifestyle is sustainable, then you are dreaming. Renewable will fully power us here in Germany in 40 years or less. We have started a decade ago working on that. Checkout the progress renewable energy has made here in the last decade. This is combined with energy saving based on more efficient industrial processes, higher standards, and so on. If you guys sit on your ass, it is not my problem. I have for example no car. I use public transport. I live in a city where already experimental fully hydrogen powered busses are being tested in regular use. I'm also sitting in a winter garden right now which is 25 degrees celsius in March - powered by the sun... not everybody is fucking lazy like you guys. Look, the 40 year plan is an official plan of the current conservative government. If it is a huge business, well, fuck, that's the plan. We want green technology to be the huge growth industry for the next decades. Making money with that is the plan. Technocracy means for example that engineers are the decision makers. Here in Germany the decision to invest billions into nuclear energy has been supported and promoted by engineers and scientists in all levels of government, government funded research institutes and universities and by companies using their influence on government. This faulty advice has cost us billions and has left us with some industry ruins and fucked up attempts on storing nuclear waste. Ordinary people are protesting against this for decades. Not really, they killed themselves. France is a huge fan of nuclear energy. What are they building now? Not a breeder. The greens are definitely not fascist. I think you are confusing this. Fascist is the influence of huge corporations over people. Not the influence of people over themselves. Wow, Fukushima is caused by the Greens now? And I though it was caused by a greedy and incompetent company not willing to invest into safety. No company would invest into a newer model. These are extremely expensive. Like 5 billion Euro in western Europe. Every electricity company is talking about EXTENDING the life of the current plants. Replacing old ones which are running with new ones is the most stupid thing an electricity company can do. What they want is getting the money from the existing plants with as little effort as possible. I vote for neither. If he was drinking contaminated milk from coal power plants, then he is still alive. Surprise, coal power plants have filters now... Surprise 2, coal is also not the energy of the future... Yeah, currently the spent fuel is piling up. You need one a more large reprocessing sites and one or more storage sites. Currently the nuclear industry is running without it. Do you think coal mining is more dangerous than Uranium mining? The problem is that people also compare this with outdated designs for coal plants. There are much cleaner modern coal plants with filters. Still coal is dirty and dangerous. In the nuclear industry you have new designs. But this does not solve the basic problems: * mining of Uranium is dirty * you need to transport dangerous material * nuclear weapons can be produced * reprocessing is extremely dirty * storage is unsolved * it promotes large corporations with all problems (corruption, ...) * a society needs to be sufficiently advanced to handle the risk (i.e. better than Japan, the Soviet Union, or the US) * the capital costs are large, needs to financed by the government Plus with the new reactors you get interesting new dangers. Ever heard of 'stuxnet'? There are now viruses and attacks against nuclear facilities based on computer viruses. Renewable already generate similar amounts compared to nuclear. A single wind farm may have 0 MW output. But for a European grid of wind farms this is highly unlikely. Like 1% of the year. For that 1% we will have other energy sources pick up nicely. I'm from Germany and I'm supporting our move to 100% renewable electricity production by 2050 or earlier. It will be interesting to see what the US does. Let's say coal and gas are much more dangerous than nuclear and nuclear is the way to go. Let's also say renewables is not a way to go, because many people die from erecting wind mills, bio mass plants and solar panels. Chemicals for solar panel production are dirty and rare earth minerals need to be mined, too. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electricity_generation Currently 20% of electricity in the US is generated with nuclear power stations. There are around 100 in operations. Many of them are extremely old and some even sit in dangerous regions with earth quakes. Let's say 20 of them have to be shutdown soon. 68% of the electricity are provided by coal (45%) and gas (23%) power plants. That is 3.4 times more electricity. Now the US is going to replace the dangerous and dirty coal and gas with nuclear. So you need around new 250 nuclear reactors to phase out coal and gas. Maybe less, because newer nuclear reactors generate more electricity. Maybe more, because the electricity demand may rise. Let's say a nuclear power plant and its direct infrastructure will cost around 5 billion a piece, that would be 1.25 trillion $. That sounds much, but given that the US spends a trillion a year on 'defense', it might not be much. May be the price will go down with production of 100 and more reactors. Given that the political parties may want to have small government, the majority of the nuclear reactors will have to be financed and operated by companies. So the tasks are: * find a way to finance one or two trillion dollars * decide and standardize on a new reactor design with inherent safety * build up companies who will plan, build and operate the nuclear reactors * find places for 250 new reactors (in addition to the existing 100) * build, say, three reprocessing plants for those * build, say, three breeder reactors * find, say, three storage sites for nuclear waste * get mining and an fuel enrichment going The result would be about 85% electricity production with nuclear reactors and complete phase out of gas and coal power plants. What is the time scale for this? The full development of a new type of reactor can be done in, say, 10 years. Add dealing with regulations, tests, ... - one may need 20 years. Let's be optimistic and say ten. A new reprocessing plant, would need, say, 10 years. A new storage site, say, 30 years. So in the first ten years no reactor would be ready. That's pessimistic, since there might be reactor designs that can be built earlier - it is optimistic, since a really new design may need more time. Also the US has not built commercial reactors for some time, so there is some time needed to get this going again. * 1st. decade, zero power plants * 2nd. decade, ten power plants + a reprocessing site * 3rd. decade, thirty power plants + another reprocessing site * 4th decade, fifty new power plants + another reprocessing site, plus a new storage site * 5th decade, 100 new power plants + a new storage site * 6th decade, 100 new power plants Result: new 290 nuclear power plants, 3 reprocessing sites, and two long term storage sites. This would also allow to shut down some of the older ones. These are just assumptions. That's basically what France did, now scaled to the US. France has 65 million people and less electricity usage per person. The US is now at 300+ Million people. That's around 4.5 times more. France operates around 50 nuclear power plants. So, 350 in total in the US needed would be a good assumption (given some constraints, like that France is very centralized and many people live around Paris). France also has a shrinking population, where the US is still growing - last I looked. Wrong. How much percent of Uranium is in ore? How fast is that going down in the next century? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uranium_mining_debate Ever wondered why Europe has coal mines but closed all uranium mines? Just for fun? Uranium mines now happen to be in remote areas or developing countries. Uranium mines are a cluster fuck of all kinds of environmental problems. Germany closed one. It cost billions to contain the damage. France with 50 reactors doesn't have a Uranium mine. They exploit poor countries like Niger and leave an environmental catastrophe there. Uranium mining is the largest business in Niger and the life expectations is not much about 50 years there. If nuclear mining would be so great and people would make a lot of money from mining, this should be much higher. Obviously it is not the case. So, if all you know is hydro-electric, why not use it NOW? Germany is building two large underwater power lines in the latest HVDC technology to Norway. One is described here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NorGer NorGer is one, NORD.LINK the other. These power lines will link Germany with Hydro electric power in Norway. Essentially technology like that will provide the base load for the huge offshore wind farms that Germany will build in the coming decades in the North Sea. Alpha Ventus http://www.alpha-ventus.de/ is the first one of those. These are really far away from the coast and sitting in the North Sea exposed to the most severe weather conditions. It is just that a country needs to have a plan and a will to do it. You can imagine that the nuclear lobby does not like this project to get hydro-electric power from Norway at all. They are doing everything to delay it. Corrupt politicians like those from the FDP (Brüderle) are their puppets. Actually there are more alternatives and base load is not the same all the time. If you have a large grid distributing wind generated electricity from a large area, that provides part of the base load for most of the days of the year. See the sun at the sky. There is a fusion process going on. We just need to harvest it. Most of the world's population is in more sunny areas. You have now found out a little bit about the energy density of Uranium. It has little to do with how dangerous mining is and what the consequences are (exposure to Radon, contamination of drinking water, ...). Fact is, here in Germany we have been mining for coal for decades. It has a lot of negative impacts on nature. It is still going on. But it is slowly phased out against political opposition. Uranium mining OTOH has been phased out already. Uranium mining has such severe negative effects on the nature that in Germany it is closed with huge monetary investments. You can read about the closing of the Wismut mine here: http://www.wise-uranium.org/uwis.html Mining for Uranium is now going on in remote areas or in states with the political structure for it. If you can read German you find it here: http://www.uba.de/uba-info-medien-e/3997.html and here: http://www.umweltdaten.de/publikationen/fpdf-l/3997.pdf Maybe you. Not me. I found already out that all Uranium mines here in Western Europe have been closed, mostly because of environmental issues and because they are not economical. I can see every day that millions of people live near coal plants and coal mines - here in Germany. There is is a large movement to shut down coal plants and end coal mining. But that movement still has some miles to go. These are facts. Your calculations based on energy density are useless. Nobody wants to live near a Uranium mine contaminating ground water. No matter how much energy Uranium provides. In more densely populated areas like Europe this is hopeless. The existing Uranium mines are almost all located in areas where not the consumers of nuclear electricity live. How long does the passive cooling work? That's really simple. You can get time limited full versions of LispWorks Enterprise from them. Let them know how long you need to evaluate the product. Common Lisp is not simply fast. Common Lisp enables you to write a lot of code in Lisp that is fast. If you write Python and just call the in C written functionality of the implementation it can be easily as fast. With Common Lisp it is possible to stay a long time in Lisp, without the need to use C to improve the speed. Plus you can write code with optimizations that can then get rid of much of the overhead (type checking, bounds checking, ...). But that should only be done locally. Generally the performance model of Common Lisp is not that simple. It takes some practice and some understanding of the compiler and underlying runtime to get code 'really' fast. If you are disappointed with the speed of your code, you should really ask the experts in the Lisp community for some help. There are often trivial ways for speed up and then there are sometimes very complex ways to get better performance. It is hard to learn this from books. You really need to interact with some people who have experience. CL is a language. Not an implementation. One may need to differentiate between a language and an implementation. CL is defined so that different implementation strategies are possible. CL itself has two different compilation interfaces COMPILE and COMPILE-FILE. A file compiler may implement a multipass strategy, where calls to later in that file provided functions are resolved. A compiler may also provide different kinds of compilation units. IIRC CMUCL does that. See "block compilation". Why that? Symbolics S-Graphics was a graphics suite exclusively for the Symbolics Lisp Machines. N-World was a very different port of that to Allegro CL on SGI machines. That Allegro Cl was chosen and that this relatively complex piece on software ran on their Lisp is something they had any right to be proud of. I would guess that the 'worlds' in Super Mario 64 were also done with the software. There are somehow similar 3d worlds in a movie (Jetsons) done with the Symbolics S-Graphics software. Thinking in terms of 'size' is old thinking. Plus it is not clear whether the growth of China is sustainable. It is an authoritarian dictatorship, huge increasing environmental problems, and much of the growth of the last decade is more like an experiment whose results are still not known. The US has enough problems that it would not need to worry about China. What the US definitely needs to fix is the trade inbalance with China and its outsourcing of manufacturing to China. It did not really compete that much. The target audiences and target domains are really different. C was invented as a replacement for assembler to portably write operating systems and applications in a slightly higher-level notation. Lisp was invented as a tool for computing with symbols (computer algebra, theorem prover, game playing, natural language processing, expert systems, knowledge representation, ...). Lispers have moved this to object systems sometime in the mid 70s of the last century (starting with Flavors), here CLOS: (defmethod turn-cat-into-dog ((a-cat cat)) ...) (defmethod turn-cat-into-dof ((a-cat null)) ...) or declarations in the mid 80s of the last century: (defun turn-cat-into-dog (thing) (declare (type (or cat null) thing)) ...) when the Lisp Machines were invented in the mid 70s (as personal workstations for research programmers mainly in AI) and commercialized in the early 80s there was nothing to compete with. When alternatives were available, there was no longer the need to have those (and they were not competitive), so they died away. The 'original' 'boids' source is here: http://www.red3d.com/cwr/code/boids.lisp Germany did not shut down the reactors because of Tsunamis. There are none in Germany. Germany did shut down the more problematic reactors for a security check. The question is whether the reactors survive a scenario, where multiple systems are failing (like in Japan). This can be caused by operator errors, terrorist attacks, earth quakes (yes, germany has earth quakes), etc. Compare that with the US, which has several reactors which are much more dangerous than most German ones, has some in very dangerous earth quake zones, etc. The US did mostly nothing. I know which government I prefer. Especially old coal power plants which have not upgraded with filters... Several US reactors share a lot of the design of the Japanese and are built and designed by GE. That Lone would make me nervous. The accident in Japan provided knew knowledge: it showed multiple scenarios which were thought to be extremely unlikely or which were not thought about at all. 'Large part'? Numbers, please. C-14 is not much contained in old fossil fuels due to radioactive decay. The literature also discusses the Suess effect, which shows that coal power plant reduced the effect of C-14. I live in the more protestant part of Germany, Hamburg. People here get the same vacation (the company I work for has 28 days paid vacation for its employees). The only difference is that we have a few days less public holidays than in the catholic regions. The 'protestantischer Arbeitsethos' (protestant work ethic) is originally a concept developed in Germany (propagated to neighbor countries and then to the USA) and still very influential here. English has a huge vocabulary from German. Even the royal family was mostly imported from Germany. Unterhaltung Konversation No, 'sich mit jemanden unterhalten', is smalltalk. 'Konversation treiben' is a form of that. In Hamburg 'schnackt man mit jemanden'. without SICP? It is incomplete! Germany has increased the use of renewable energy in a decade from 6 to 16% for the generation of electrical energy. The laws and regulation have been put in place: the EEG. This law has been copied world-wide by dozens of countries. The goal is to be at 100% with renewable energy in 2050. The closing down of the nuclear power plants is only one milestone on that way. The fossil-based plants will be reduced over time, too. As a bridge technology gas power plants are seen which make it possible to use heat and electricity. Those have an extremely high degree of efficiency. The gas supply is there. New pipelines are being built currently. Closing down the nuclear power plants is one goal. They are extremely expensive and they need huge amounts of money which we need to invest in renewable energy technology. Also the nuclear industry favors the big corporations who prevent market mechanisms and try to undermine any new energy source. They are also not flexible enough to be used in a future energy mix. Given that the goal is to go fully to renewable energy in the next 40 years, the nuclear power plants have to go first. The acceptance for them in the German society is also at an all time low. Two actually. They are currently off the grid due to technical problems. They won't go online again. The Bundesregierung has just annouced that both Brunsbüttel and Krümmel will not go online again. There are many solid arguments against nuclear power. The waste from the infrastructure might be large in volume, but most of it is not that dangerous - compared to the fuel and the chemicals that are used in (re)processing the fuel. Germany is currently planning to build two HVDC (High-Voltage Direct Current) lines to Norway. They will provide us here in North Germany with Hydro backup. There is a lot of research going on in new storage systems. In solar thermal power plants, there is already storage. It is not that Germany switches over night to renewable. The shutdown process of the nuclear power plants will take ten years. The plan for the 100% deployment of renewable energy has a target of 2050. Without a goal, nothing will happen. Germany sets a goal and the framework to reach it. A plus-energy house from a German university won the last competition in the US. http://www.solardecathlon.gov/past/2009/final_results.html The time of cheap power is over. The challenge will be to have enough power at all. Germany does not want a different form of nuclear power. Nuclear power is no option. The goal is to develop renewable energy to 100% over the next 40 years. We have plans. Maybe you should get in contact with our government and check it out. There are a lot of publications from them about the future energy strategiy. They aren't glad. The french can't even meet their own demand in summer and winter. They are importing electricity from Germany. In five years renewable energy will be MORE competitive, not less. The government decision to increase the life time of the nuclear power plant was highly unpopular. In the German society the majority of people were ten years ago already in favor for the shutdown. You can bet that the next government will not have the FDP and CDU in power and that the move to renewable energy has broad support even then. I don't think anybody here in Germany would call the nuclear industry 'clean'. That's a french marketing term nobody believes here. We currently have most of our nuclear power plants off grid. Nothing happened so far. How do you come up with the number 50 by 2011??? Germany exports electricity to France, already. There are two things going on: * there is an energy market. Energy is traded for different prices at different times. Sometimes energy from France is cheap (well, it is government subsidized anyway) - sometimes not. For example the Nuclear Power Plants of France are idling a lot on the weekend, when the demand is low. * there are times when the nuclear power plants have not enough capacity to power France. In winter the demand is possibly very high, like last winter, when it was cold and France was heating a lot with electricity (which we do not that much in Germany). In summer the nuclear power plants have to reduce their capacity, because the rivers are dry and there is not enough cooling water for them. See Fukushima for the cost of running nuclear power plants. The cost of the running power plant is deferred also to a future which then needs to deal with the waste from burned fuel. Germany has no solution how to deal with the fuel. The cost for that adds up every day. That solar energy is cheap in ten years, does not mean that it is suddenly deployed everywhere. It will take decades to roll that out. Germany plans to roll out the whole set of renewables (wind, hydro, solar, biomass, geothermal, ...) over the next FOURTY years to get from 16% (actually currently it may already be at 20%) near to 100%. Thorium is providing a contribution to generating electricity in an amount worth mentioning when? In fifty years? Thirty? How many Thorium reactors will be online within the next ten years? One? Two? Three? That's nothing that would be contributing to the energy needs we have in 2020. Fukushima I was a site with SIX reactors. German nuclear sites are usually smaller. Off these 17 German reactors currently 13 are off the grid. Germany has had an overcapacity and was a net exporter of electricity. It is also no longer that electricity is bound to countries here in Germany. We have a Europe wide market and electricity is imported based on needs and price. If electricity is cheaper somewhere, we may import that. When our wind parks flood the grid, we have to lower the price and export that. How did you compute the 50 then? we don't have even a viable intermediate solution. Which would have to be built. The spent fuels are full and provide a new danger. See Fukushima on the effects of full spent fuel pools in times of an nuclear accident. Reactor five had also recently a loss of cooling for it. Currently much of the used fuel is stored on site. This has never been planned, costs additional money, and provides new dangers. Plus, for a storage solution it definitely makes a huge difference if we have to store the nuclear waste of ten reactors running ten years or of twenty reactors running 50 years. The cost is not the same. The difference is, you can install a solar panel on your house. A nuclear reactor is a high security area which is not open to the public. Low variable cost? What? The current experimental Asse II site already cost us BILLIONS of Euros. Plus it is fucked up and needs to been evacuated for a few additional billions. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schacht_Asse_II Oh, the fear of 'leftist' newspapers. For the US, pretty much every newspaper in Germany is leftist. Oh, yeah? Funky. The German regulation authorities then seem to have given permission to a project that nobody plans, nobody has heard of, does not exist? Please inform them of your findings. Hamburg Abendblatt, November 2010: >NETZAGENTUR GENEHMIGT STROMLEITUNG >Deutschland und Norwegen vernetzen sich >Das 600 Kilometer lange Unterseekabel soll Netztschwankungen der beiden Länder ausgeichen. Nur die EU-Kommisssion könnte widersprechen. > Das 600 Kilometer lange Unterseekabel soll Netzschwankungen aus der norwegischen Wasser- und deutschen Windkraft ausgleichen. >BONN/HANNOVER. Deutschland und Norwegen vernetzen sich: Die Bundesnetzagentur hat den Weg für eine direkte Stromverbindung zwischen Deutschland und Norwegen durch die Nordsee frei gemacht. Das Konsortium NorGer erhielt am Donnerstag eine Ausnahmegenehmigung der Bonner Behörde. Sie befreit das Projekt damit von bestimmten Vorschriften zur Regulierung des Energiemarkts. Agenturchef Matthias Kurth nannte die Entscheidung ein „positives Signal für die Integration erneuerbarer Energien“. >Eine Funktion des 600 Kilometer langen Unterseekabels wird es sein, Netzschwankungen aus der norwegischen Wasser- und deutschen Windkraft auszugleichen. Niedersachsens Umweltminister Hans-Heinrich Sander (FDP) lobte den Beschluss: „Ich bin davon überzeugt, dass die Verbindungsleitung eine sinnvolle Ergänzung zum landseitigen Netzausbau darstellt.“ Das Kabel soll ab 2015 von Flekkefjord an der norwegischen Südküste über den Meeresgrund bis an die ostfriesische Küste führen. Für den deutschen Abschnitt wurde bereits im Mai ein Raumordnungsverfahren gestartet. Der innereuropäische Stromhandel wird nach Einschätzung Kurths von der deutsch-norwegischen Direktverbindung profitieren. Die Gleichstrom-Leitung leiste „einen wichtigen Beitrag für die Marktintegration“. Eine Voraussetzung für die Befreiung von den üblichen Bestimmungen zum Netzanschluss und -zugang sei gewesen, dass sich das Projekt insgesamt positiv auf den Stromwettbewerb auswirkt. Das Bundeskartellamt sprach sich ebenfalls für eine Genehmigung aus. Zwar könne die EU-Kommission als oberste europäische Wettbewerbsbehörde bis Ende Februar noch Einwände erheben, sagte Kurth. „Ich gehe aber davon aus, dass dieses grenzüberschreitende Projekt auch von ihr unterstützt wird.“ Norwegen ist kein EU- Mitglied, gehört jedoch zur Europäischen Freihandelszone EFTA. Das Konsortium NorGer umfasst die norwegischen Unternehmen Agder Energi AS, Lyse Produksjon AS und Statnett SF sowie die Schweizer Elektrizitäts-Gesellschaft Laufenburg AG. You are aware that several of the nuclear power plants will be brought online again? You are also aware that the phase out time is TEN years? In the last ten years we have added ten percent renewable energy as a new source and jump started a new industry with several hundred thousand jobs. I'm pretty sure that in ten years we can build new capacity to replace the remaining nuclear reactors. Actually there are several reports from German Universities and research institutions which all agree that this is possible. What you cite from Yahoo is old news. The Nuclear Industry was happily publishing this. But the case is that a) some of the nuclear power plants will be brought back, so there is no power shortage. The phase out will be done in about ten years. b) Germany always imports nuclear power, since there is a free energy market. Germany also exports all kinds of electricity (nuclear, coal, wind, ...). c) the providers of Nuclear power fear their loss of market power. They are large monopolists which try to prevent competition. There are many smaller providers waiting with their investments, keen to replace them where and when possible. You are on a discussion level of ten years ago. All the questions you mention have been discussed for a full decade here. Numerous research institutes have been working on that for a decade. Several plans have been proposed and discussed. As a first step Germany has jump started its renewable energy industry a decade ago. We moved from 6 to 16% during that decade and now have several hundred thousand employees in that industry, numerous small and medium companies, numerous research institutes, ... we are already exporting a lot of that technology. It is expected that in a few years this industry will be larger than our automotive industry. Our government actually does something for the tax payer money: Read it here: http://www.erneuerbare-energien.de/inhalt/47124/3860/ Renewables' contribution to energy supply in Germany continued to rise in 2010 17 percent share of electricity supply 370,000 employees in the sector The share of renewable energies in Germany's electricity supply rose further in 2010. At 17 percent, the share was about half a percentage point higher than the previous year. These are the preliminary results calculated by the Working Group on Renewable Energy Statistics (AGEE-Stat) for the Federal Environment Ministry. This growth was achieved in spite of the sector being hampered by adverse weather conditions. As there was very little wind in 2010, the wind power yield of 36.5 billion kilowatt hours (KWh) was the lowest since 2006. Even so, wind energy remained the key pillar of renewables, with around a 6 percent share of the total electricity supply. Clear increases were recorded for electricity generation from biogas and the photovoltaic sector. Solar power almost doubled its contribution, covering around 2 percent of total electricity demand. Current scenarios show that in just ten years, renewables can cover 40 percent of Germany's electricity supply. An increase of 12 terawatt hours (TWh) per year is considered realistic. (1 terawatt hour = 1 billion kWh). The renewables' share in total final energy consumption for heat rose from 9.1 percent in 2009 to just under 10 percent in 2010. The renewables' share in fuel consumption rose slightly to an estimated 5.8 percent (2009: 5.5 percent). Overall, in 2010 renewables covered around 11 percent of Germany's total final energy consumption for electricity, heat and fuels. This is significantly higher than the previous year (2009: 10.4 percent) and is remarkable because energy consumption was considerably higher than in 2009, due to both the economic recovery and the cold weather. Renewables also increased their contribution to climate protection. In 2010, around 120 million tonnes of greenhouse gases were avoided through the use of renewable energies (2009: 111 million tonnes). Around 58 million tonnes of these savings can be attributed to the Renewable Energy Sources Act (EEG) alone. The figures prove that renewable energies were able to keep pace with the economic recovery and continue their trend of a steadily growing share in our energy supply. Alongside this, renewable energies also gained importance as an economic factor. Initial estimates for the BMU show that, at around 26 billion euros, investments in renewable energy installations were around one quarter higher than in 2009 (20.7 billion euros). This development is reflected in the employment figures linked to the expansion of renewables. Last year, employment in renewables rose again and latest estimates show there are now around 370,000 jobs in the sector. This is an increase of around 8 percent compared to the previous year (around 339,500 jobs), and well over twice the number of jobs in 2004 (160,500). Good luck to the Czech, if this thing goes the Chernobyl/Fukushima/ThreeMilesIsland route. Too bad for them that Germany follows a totally different strategy. But Czech companies will be happy working in the German supply chain for clean tech, too. Manufactured goods one can actually export. There is little inefficiency. Thorium reactors won't provide any sizeable contribution until 2050. Plus then we go the nuclear route, but again differently. Germany tried already: * boiling water reactor * pressurized water reactor * Thorium pebble bed reactor * Fast Breeder and more enough is enough Nobody wants a Thorium reactor in Germany. We had one already. It failed. I find wind mills much nicer than the huge nuclear sites heating up the rivers, their large cooling towers with the large clouds, their large power lines, ... I find it much better if a city has their windmills, compared to huge mega corporations and monopolies of the nuclear industry backed by corrupt politicians. Compare that to the fate of Tepco. How much was the government give them to survive? The recent review of reactor safety here in Germany found that not a single site would survive a large passenger aircraft crashing into it. http://www.bz-berlin.de/aktuell/deutschland/kein-deutsches-a... We import energy all the time. Wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, some hydro are actually produced locally. 'only'? 6 reactors were affected. Four of them are wrecked. There are full pools of spent and active fuel exposed to sunshine. Tepco had twenty years to build higher walls against a Tsunami. There were already enough complaints about the weak security before it got hit. That there are earth quake in the sea causing Tsunamis is nothing new for Japan. They failed. You might be surprised to hear that there are also Tsunamis in North Europe. They went bancrupt before there were 'sites'. Symbolics existed mostly throughout the 80s and very early 90s. When Symbolics was active as a company, Symbolics.com was used for email and some other purposes mostly. Why not? Symbolics originated from MIT research in the late 70s and were selling the first personal workstations in the early 80s. Their machines were connected to the Internet ever since it existed. IIRC at MIT some of the DNS tables were generated from Symbolics network namespaces at that time. My impression is that there are already way too many people working for the military industrial complex. It would be much better if the US would scale down their oversized military and then it also might consider working on goods that advance the life of people and which might actually be interesting to others so they can be sold. The military jobs is actually one reason the US lacks competitiveness in some areas (see the huge trade deficit). This works so: getting rich is very important.So young people go to finance and other gambling like activities. The more engineer interested people find jobs in the military. There they work on extremely costly projects like nuclear aircraft carriers, nuclear submarines, nuclear weapons, drones, fighter planes, etc. These projects come with a huge price tag. The technologies used, the specifications used, the processes used are mostly incompatible with what a civil market needs. So the military engineers are naturally trained in the wrong direction. For example a vehicle constructed for the military is heavy, provides protection, has a huge payload, is robust, has infrastructure for certain types of equipment, etc.. Think of a tank or a hummer. Most of these requirements don't fit into what is needed for, say, automobiles. There we need to look at design, comfort, fuel efficiency, etc. But the US cars mostly (not all) are oversized, bulky, fuel inefficient, ugly. Why? Because the engineer culture constantly has an influx of different values coming from military engineering. For them it is more important to drive securely through the streets of Bagdad, and not through some large US city. Now, I think there is a need to work on topics like cyber security, but it may help at the same time to reduce other projects like the large spying agencies and much of the military. Currently these are expanding in the wrong direction. The D in DARPA is for 'Defense'. For some time it was just ARPA. They added the D so that nobody makes the mistake to misunderstand the nature of their research: advanced research for military. Automated warfare, weapons of the future, soldier of the future, robot drones, ... The other stuff like material, sensors, etc. is just basic research needed for weapons. I would propose to shift the research money to projects like cleaning up nuclear weapon production sites, energy efficiency, cleaning the old coal power plants and more. Probably more people are endangered by the emissions of the aging coal power plants than from enemies in foreign countries... Now the questions are: * how warm will the MacBook Air get with the Thunderbolt in use / not in use? Will the fan kick in more often? * what effect has the i5 or i7 wrt. to heat? * will the average battery runtime be better or worse? Are the Apple numbers realistic? From what I hear, the Thunderbolt MacBook Pros are using the fans to cool the machine more often. So the school for auto mechanics is no longer using the Ford Mustang II from 1974 for teaching purposes? How sad... There are implementations which implement the standard, slight variations of it (lower case identifiers, ...) or large extended versions of it (+ MOP + CLOS everywhere + ...). There are also derived languages like Stella, L, SubL and others which implement some kind of subset. Then there is ISLisp, which is very similar, but slightly simplified. I don't think he talks about Lisp. He seems to talk about another scripting language like Ruby or Python on the JVM or a compiled static language like Go or something else. Maybe. Closures are functions plus their bindings for its free variables. The references to the bindings have lexical scope and indefinite extent.