When I turned 25 I started getting nothing but hard soda ads from YouTube. I don't drink. I went and disabled personalized advertising, and for the first time in years I started seeing ads that tempted me to click through, ads from tech companies about tech. Why the difference? Because YouTube started showing me ads related to the content I'm actually watching rather than based on their faulty neural network profile of me. Obviously this is just one anecdote, but it's illustrative of the point: don't try to advertise either beer or iPhone covers on a car maintenance site. If I'm on a car maintenance site, you know all you need to know about where my interests are at that exact moment. Why try to hijack my attention (difficult when I'm trying to solve a car problem) when you could instead subtly redirect my attention to an ad for a local mechanic? I'm pretty sure they're referring to the end of Roman slavery. Slavery was the foundation of the Roman economy, which wasn't true of Europe's economy again until the colonial period. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_ancient_Rome https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_medieval_Europe It sounds like that was only useful because the language actually had no Boolean type (hence no operations for Boolean types). It doesn't really demonstrate that there is value to a "falsey" 0 in a language that already has a perfectly good value for false. They're commonly used for collecting metrics, such as performance or traffic data. Google has been factoring load times heavily into their search rankings for a while now. While I don't agree with a lot of their priorities, this gives a designer who's so inclined a lot of opportunity for encouraging clients to do the right thing: just show them their site's PageSpeed results, and they'll sober up. Yes, but only as a very small part of a much larger portrait. Cookies, tracking pixels, and browser fingerprinting are much more reliable, especially given that a lot of ISPs don't even assign most of their customers static IPs. Mine changes about once a week. Your Premium subscription gives them the revenue they would have received from the ad you would've watched, but most creators have found that YouTube's monetization is too little and too unreliable to count on. You're paying YouTube far more than the creator, unless you're paying them directly. Does "if it compiles it's bug free" actually work in practice? I've heard a lot of advocates for Haskell and Rust use similar lines to this, but it seems to me like it can only be true for a limited subset of all bugs. Elm's "no runtime errors in production" claim has a more reasonable-sounding scope. Not OP, but I still think that's acceptable. README.md is one of a very small number of places that open source developers can reach their users. Most of the time I only read it once, so if there's an ad there, or a link to their other products, as long as it's not a GIF and they didn't find some way to embed a tracker in README.md, I'm cool with it. It's about as relevant as advertising gets, and it's not coming from a pool of clickbait ads. It's a developer using their open source work to generate interest in the work that pays for it. Oh, I'm not talking about selling ad space. I agree that what Funded did was misguided at best. But what my parent was responding to was the idea of even putting a little ad for a paid product by the same developer or company. If JetBrains, for example, wanted to remind me on the README for Kotlin that they have an IDE that works well with the language, that doesn't offend me. I wouldn't choose mongo for many reasons, but this licensing change isn't one of them. It's in line with the general spirit of the GPL: if you're going to stand on the shoulders of giants, you should allow others to stand on your shoulders. The only major change to the license is in adapting to the rise of cloud services. https://www.mongodb.com/licensing/server-side-public-license... The FAQ for the license change very clearly indicates that your reading is what was intended. Question #4 particularly contains the complete text of the section that was altered, and it's hard to see how they could have left themselves any room to penalize regular users. The assumption here seems to be that all the yard and home space everyone is complaining about is left unused. You may need pubs and coffee shops for socializing in the cities. In the suburbs, people host each other in their homes or yards on a pretty regular basis, at least in my experience. My favorite part of it is the moderators' note at the end: > Moderator's Note > This post is locked to prevent inappropriate edits to its content. The post looks exactly as it is supposed to look - there are no problems with its content. Please do not flag it for our attention. The one context I've seen ML show up as such is when referring to the family as a whole, rather than a specific dialect. I must admit I had the same reaction to this post, and thought that calling it Julia Academy was odd if they were going to teach other languages. To a large extent they already do, albeit unintentionally. We can discuss whether that should be the case in the first place, but Google has been shaping the news industry ever since "Google" became a verb. With that shaping now irreversible, and with shutting down being the only way to stop it from continuing, it certainly seems like the right thing for Google to think seriously about the rewards their engine offers. While Google is definitely prone to abusing their influence, this move seems very reasonable. On the flip side, "code first, then refactor" is only safe if you have tests to confirm the validity of the refactor, and in my experience, a TDD mindset is the only thing that ensures I have thorough tests by the time I need to refactor. That said, it sounds like my version of TDD may be different than a lot of others. The tests I write before coding tend to test real-world logic and requirements, in terms of the domain language, rather than testing implementation. This means I can refactor everything behind that DSL-like facade and my tests give me assurance that I haven't changed the logic. If your tests are at the implementation level, I can see how a TDD approach would impede refactoring and eliminate tinkering. If refactoring the code means rewriting the tests, then your tests aren't protecting you, they're just getting in the way. Not necessarily. Lots of people keep up with changes in their field. People aren't arguing that racism and misogyny are moral, they're arguing that if you allow any censorship at all, then someone must be appointed censor, and you may not agree with that someone. The only way to be sure that your ideas can be freely expressed is to allow everyone, no matter how immoral, to freely express their ideas. I haven't read the book, but I have to challenge the assumption here. That you didn't get anything out of it in an afternoon's sprint through it does not make it "probable" that it's not hiding any deep wisdom. It could mean that, or it could mean that you didn't stop to digest what it was actually saying. And x86 assembler is perfectly capable of expressing pure functions. Such algorithms are still expressed using subroutines, subroutines that save and restore all state to its start state. The question isn't whether a language can express an algorithm, Church and Turing already proved that. The question is whether the language can do so scalably. We want to see nontrivial examples of FP applied to messy, side-effect-laden domains in a way that rivals other representations for clarity and maintainability. I'm not saying that Haskell is as bad at imperative as assembly is at functional, just that being able to accomplish all tasks in a single-paradigm language does not constitute proof that the language is suitable for all tasks. I love FP concepts, and I've enjoyed my experiments with Haskell. What I object to is that FP advocates don't push FP as a valuable addition to a larger toolbox, they push it as a single paradigm to rule them all. For daily work, I prefer a multi-paradigm language that allows me to choose a programming model that matches the domain well. (FWIW, I have the same problem with OOP advocates who try to squeeze everything into a class. Some things are better modeled as pure functions.) I wouldn't go killing important servers if I were you. I'm showing a bill for 950+ hours for a bunch of services that I only have one instance of each. Since that's not possible (there aren't that many hours in a month), and Cost Explorer has the correct numbers, I'm assuming that there's a mistake that's causing double-counting on the billing dashboard. That comes back to the parent's comment about being empowered to fix the issues. The person on call should have power to prevent such calls in the future. This is important for the health of the individual and of the company. Are the people in charge of fixing the underlying issues themselves on call? How about the people producing the changes that cause new issues? If those two groups aren't themselves being woken up when there's a problem, you can reasonably expect that this won't change until the support calls start to directly affect the company's bottom line. This is awesome. I've long felt a nostalgia for the close-knit forums I participated in as a kid. One was a worldwide group centered around an online game (CyberNations), the other was just a group of kids with similar interests in one metro area who met up occasionally. Both were vital for me in coping with feeling like I didn't fit in at all at school. It's great to see that that kind of close, friendly, personal Internet dynamic didn't completely die with Facebook's rise. You're not broken. I've always been the kind of person who's happy to have one to three close friends, and that's it. After getting married, I stopped feeling any need to reach out and try to make new connections. There may be value to the perspectives given by others as to the value of making friends now before the kids grow up, but I just wanted to chime in and reassure you that you're not the only one who feels no need right now. :) That doesn't sound like a very healthy outlook on life. Trading social belonging for productivity is a Faustian deal if I've ever seen one, and a deal likely to lead to burnout and depression. If socializing leaves you ridden with guilt for lost productivity, I'd recommend a paradigm shift. Very interesting numbers. Of those men who indicated that it was difficult to find friends, 26% responded that the reason was that they didn't feel that they needed friends. Only 14% of women responded the same. (Page 43) Others have commented that the gender gap in having no friends is much smaller then the headline implies, and this difference may account for a good chunk of it. Bored and lonely are two very different things. "It's okay to be bored" is about disconnecting from the constant feed of entertainment and information, not about isolating yourself from other human beings. Supports maybe, but doesn't encourage or promote them. The money is in the endless news feed from your 300+ acquaintances, not in quiet, thoughtful conversation between a group of close friends. My wife and I listened to and got a lot out of the Great Course "Scientific Secrets for Raising Kids who Thrive". He cites studies for all his tips, and is very careful about recommending only things that have been thoroughly researched, with replication. https://www.amazon.com/Scientific-Secrets-Raising-Kids-Thriv... The best source I've found for reviewing these is Khan Academy. Their courses are more thorough and accurate than most high schools teach them, and they have all subjects you list. The parent comment doesn't say the non-technical people wrote the scripts, but that they were shown the scripts. Think of it this way: Writing iambic pentameter is hard. Without practice, you're almost certainly going to get the meter wrong at some point. However, reading it is easy, because it's just English. The same can be true for scripts. You don't need to be able to have business people write them, but it's nice (and in some domains critical) to be able to have them read and validate them. >Plus, he said previous studies have shown people don’t spend the money on frivolous things. Serious question that I've had for a while: how can anyone actually say this about money, in any domain? It seems like because money is fungible, it would be useless to try to say where a particular $500 went unless it was the only money the participants spent that month. How does research like this account for that? We actually have one of these, and it's absolutely brilliant. It's been in constant use since my father-in-law was growing up, and yet it still works flawlessly. I've never burnt a piece of toast with it. It's kinda depressing that today our toasters are less useful and stop working 10x sooner. If we all waited until we could universally eliminate an unethical behavior before we stopped participating in it ourselves, the behavior would never die. CVS has chosen to stop contributing to a problem, and the behavior of other businesses has no bearing on whether they did the right thing. This doesn't help the concern from enterprise users that they don't want their self-hosted software to phone home, ever. Not according to the EU: > “Freely given” consent essentially means you have not cornered the data subject into agreeing to you using their data. For one thing, that means you cannot require consent to data processing as a condition of using the service. They need to be able to say no. According to Recital 42, “Consent should not be regarded as freely given if the data subject has no genuine or free choice or is unable to refuse or withdraw consent without detriment.” https://gdpr.eu/gdpr-consent-requirements/ "Not yet" is small comfort. To clarify your clarification, a quote from that issue: > We are not adding Pendo or Snowplow JS snippets to self-hosted versions at this time. We are carefully considering the appropriate opt-out functionality for telemetry that will work best for our customers, and we will clearly communicate to those customers when any change is made. In other words, it's not that self-hosted will not be affected, it's that self-hosted will not be affected yet . That's an important distinction. To clarify: self-hosted EE users will not be affected yet. The issue implies that they will be affected at some point. Can you provide a source or an alternative point of origin for Sparta's importance? You've stated categorically that the parent is misinformed, but provided no information to back it up. I'd argue that the mythology surrounding Thermopylae is the result of the mythology surrounding Sparta, rather than the other way around. Objectively, Thermopylae was an abject defeat (even by Herodotus's account) that didn't do anything to save Greece from Persia conquering basically everything. The only reason it's more than a historical footnote is because of the Spartan legend. Any idea why http://neverssl.com redirects to http://{random_characters}.neverssl.com ? Isn't it more likely that the author chose Facebook, Google, and Twitter not because they're left-leaning, but because their traffic is vastly more significant than The Federalist? The three are all top-50 sites globally. The Federalist doesn't even make it into the top 10k. It's pretty rational to focus more on the sites that have the most traffic when discussing bias, isn't it? The author does: > ... although it can be leveraged against big tech companies that are biased in favor of liberals, this line of argument also has implications that conservatives may less readily welcome. For instance, it means that how rich people use their money to promote their ideas may also be a problem, insofar as it distorts the marketplace of ideas. The principle he's arguing is that when an organization that has a de facto monopoly on a type of information stream (search, microblogging, and social circle media) uses that monopoly to favor one political viewpoint, that is harmful to society because it "distorts the marketplace of ideas" by preventing equal access to said marketplace. The Federalist is not in this position. For every conservative magazine like The Federalist, there's a liberal one like Mother Jones. This is the "marketplace of ideas" that the author refers to in action, not a distortion of it. So the author is, in fact, arguing from principle, just not the principle you're using. The reason why I get fatigued when people bring up race and try to make sweeping national changes is that I see it as counterproductive. Until we stop dividing people into classes based on race these problems are going to persist. Efforts that set out to bring about "racial justice" actually compound the problem by reinforcing the idea that these artificial divisions have any meaning at all. The goal should not be a racially equal country, the goal should be a country where people don't think about race any more. By all means, let's work to lift the poor out of poverty and bring justice to the prison system. But let's do it because they are poor and because it is right, not because of the color of their skin. Like it or not, NL queries are exactly what most internet users want. Without them, any search engine is doomed to remain a niche product used exclusively by the very privacy-conscious. That may have been what search engines were for, but Google changed that. Very few people have the patience any more to try multiple queries to get an answer. When DDG fails, as it inevitably does, I don't spend time refining my query: I repeat the search on Google and get my answer. In the original Twitter thread, Google stole ownership of a pre-existing side project when the maintainer filed for approval. That's evil. It may not have been a personal evil, but bureaucratic evil is very real. Can you clarify what your line of work is? As it stands I'm unclear on why an HTML document can't represent "cases ... laid out in a very specific order from beginning to end". You don't need to use links or other functionality just because it's there. For the most part I agree, but there are times where a framework can teach a valuable pattern that, even if you don't end up using it, expands your view of what's possible. Vue helped me understand events a lot better than I did before, and Redux is good to try at least once simply because it's such a different way of thinking about state mutation compared to what you'd usually come up with using just native code. OP isn't trying to win a competition, it sounds like they're trying to learn to be a better developer. I know way too many devs (and have been one myself) who can use a batteries-included system until something goes wrong, but because they have no idea how such a system is constructed they can't debug it, or they don't understand why something isn't performing well. It goes with the adage that every developer should implement a linked list exactly once—you should use the standard library from then on, but if you don't understand what's going on under the hood, you'll misuse it eventually. If true, this is sad and worrying, but be careful with the Wikipedia page: almost every source in that section is the work of one man, which doesn't convey a consensus at all. The funny thing is that my experience has been that the static topics are just as bad or worse for students. For my Newtonian Physics class, the textbook we were using was on its 14th edition and cost more than $100 new. I was fortunate that my professor asked us to use the 13th at the latest, and gave the mappings to the 12th edition problems (because the only difference between 12th and 13th was which order the problems were in). This for a subject that's been essentially the same for centuries. Meanwhile my Computer Science classes all had $40 textbooks that were in at most the 2nd edition. Out of curiosity, what do you need out of a clipboard manager that Ditto (Windows) or CopyQ (cross-platform) don't offer? That's not always true. After my dad didn't get tenure, he went to try to work elsewhere but kept getting told he was overqualified. He eventually found a job that didn't care, but the PhD actually did act as a barrier to employment for a while. The problem I've seen is that (especially in suburbs where pedestrians are rarer) drivers don't check for pedestrians. Almost every time I'm walking for any length of time I nearly get hit by a car that assumes that a green light means they're free to turn right without any restrictions. This isn't me intentionally creating an unsafe situation (often I'm already in the intersection), it's drivers who see so few pedestrians they're not trained to think of them. In fact, a happy, stable family with good work-life balance describes the textual Ithaca much better than founding a company does. I think most people would say "yes" if asked "are domain knowledge and long-term vision important?" But I don't believe most people would answer "domain knowledge and vision" if asked "what is important in a senior engineer?" For a lot of years, my answer to the latter question would have centered on technological knowledge, even though if prompted I would have acknowledged the importance of domain knowledge and vision. The distinction is significant because we will only be working on those skills that we independently identify as important. A request: please don't put quotes in code blocks. It makes them completely unreadable on mobile. I've never had it happen to me personally, but there have been a number of times where I've been saved by reviews. My policy has been to read the negative reviews for every product (not just look at the overall star rating), and if there's even a hint of counterfeiting in any of them to move on to something else. It's a pain, but so far it's worked, and every time I'm looking for things I see more horror stories: "Huggies" diapers that have no branding on them and break all the time, electronics sold as new that would be considered in poor quality if sold as used, etc. Latin was dead long before it stopped being used in written works. It died when it stopped being spoken and stopped changing. I don't know if Fortran would be considered dead by the "no longer adapting" definition, but that it's still in use isn't proof it's alive. Early self-check kiosks did this very poorly. It was super frustrating as a customer to be constantly asked to "please place the item in the bagging area", even when I already had, not to mention the hassle it caused when buying something you don't want to bag. Eventually I'm assuming they gave up on that and turned it off. It's already expired, so no danger at all. Well, in my ideal world a browser would ask for permission before placing a cookie at all. It shouldn't matter what the developers did, my browser would detect an attempted cookie placement, notify me, and ask to verify that that's okay. I don't think that you can compensate for everything else by paying more. I'm with the GP in that I have a minimum requirement for pay. After that, culture, flexibility, and hands-off management matter far more. You couldn't pay me enough to work in a toxic culture. I've been there, and no amount of money is worth it to me. The problem with the example of getting a 20% payout is that there are diminishing returns on each additional dollar. Most software developers make far more than a living wage. After that threshold is met, most people have a lot of other things that matter more to them. For example, for me, I work to support my family. Pretty much any software job in my area will be able to do that for me, so the bigger consideration in choosing is which jobs will actually allow me to spend quality time with my family (since that's the entire reason why I go to work). No amount of additional pay could persuade me to work 60 hours a week or work in an environment that leaves me drained by the end of the day. I've been using Firefox for years and never run into any consistent pattern of things not working, except in cases where applications intentionally do not support Firefox and push me over to Chrome. Those I blame less on Firefox than on companies wanting to eliminate a customer support variable. For me, uBlock origin is the only thing that makes browsing the web even remotely okay on mobile. Its ability to block large images is a complete game changer for me. Maybe it's because I've got an "old" phone (4 years ish), but Chrome's insisting that I must download everything a website throws at my made it extremely difficult to use comfortably. As soon as I found out Firefox had extensions on mobile, I switched both my desktop and mobile browsers, and it's been great. Fevers cause fewer preterm births? Can you explain how that works? We can expect developers to think about accessibility during development. You would never see a building constructed today without a ramp or with insufficient handicapped parking. I realize that you can't change culture overnight either, but the fact is that technology like this, designed for use in large applications used by a huge portion of the population of the world, shouldn't need to be retrofitted to be accessible. It should have been baked in. The article isn't advocating having everyone try to be an expert in everything, see his conclusion below. The article was prompted by an interaction with a company which didn't want to spend time improving their front end because they felt that front-end work was beneath them. The article is basically saying to change that attitude: > To be clear, I’m not saying that we all need to be experts in everything. That would be impossible. Today’s technology stack goes down a long way, so being a genuinely balanced full-stack dev is probably not the most realistic of goals — but staying open-minded is. I'll use Google Assistant on my phone pretty much only when driving. Other than that, I've customized my home screen to the point that it's faster just to navigate to what I need. Section 1.89 in the Exposure Draft clarifies this, I think: > 1.89 In the case of a social media service such as Facebook, this rule deals with the situation where the news business has posted its covered news content on the news business’ own social media page. Comments on the news business’ articles posted by somebody else on another Facebook page are not covered by this law. If I read this right, they don't need a way to filter comments on a link to their article that someone else posts, just comments underneath one of their own posts. Still not great, but less intrusive than that text you quoted seemed to imply (I couldn't find in that exact wording in your link). The problem with this approach is that it continues to drives traffic to exaggerated headlines, which merely encourages this same kind of headline in the future. Does anyone know if there are news sources out there that don't have exaggerated, doom- and anger-filled headlines? If they're there, I'd love to drive traffic to them. It depends on the use case. For something like a web storefront, this is probably true. For a web application where I spend a long time doing work, I'd rather have a bit of a wait upfront followed by snappy responses on all the other pages. Even a half-second load time can be frustrating when I'm in the middle of a task. Most SPA frameworks work fine with the back button and bookmarks--they'll either use the URL fragment (#) or the history API. I'm sure there are lots of developers who don't bother to turn on that functionality, but that's not an inherent flaw with SPAs. (For the record, I don't think that every app that is an SPA should be, but I do think that they have a place.) This happened to me with Google's search suggestions the other day and I didn't even say anything out loud. Should I consider that as evidence that Google has developed mind reading technology, or is it more likely that I just ignore search suggestions unless they're eerily relevant? The problem lies in your last point. Any PHP+Apache app, no matter how bad the programming practices, has the property that every request gets a blank slate except for explicit database connection. In most other stacks it is way too easy to add a singleton class or a global variable and break that guarantee. That said, I'll gladly take the guarantees of a type checker in exchange for giving up the guarantees of statelessness. It would be nice if there were a stack that could give me both. If what you mean by "on average" is that that is what most people calling themselves software engineers do, that may be true. But framework knowledge is to software engineering what knowledge of tools is to civil engineering. If you're building a dog house or even a shed, that'll be plenty. But I've seen developers try to take a knowledge of framework alone and attempt to build large-scale, business-critical applications, and they tend to come crashing down around their heads. Absolutely yes. I don't think that raw computer science is what most software engineers need. But it's also a lot more than framework knowledge. What is missing in most developers' educations is the actual engineering. If civil engineering is applied physics, then our discipline is applied computer science. A physicist might be a terrible civil engineer. Plenty of computer scientists are terrible software engineers. But that no more means we need to neglect the computer science then it means that civil engineers should neglect physics. Someone brought that up the last time this came up on HN. In the explanatory materials, they clarified that (ii) is indeed meant to restrict this to posts on their own Facebook page: > 1.89 In the case of a social media service such as Facebook, this rule deals with the situation where the news business has posted its covered news content on the news business’ own social media page. Comments on the news business’ articles posted by somebody else on another Facebook page are not covered by this law. https://www.accc.gov.au/system/files/Exposure%20Draft%20EM%2... I got set up with ECR without any difficulties whatsoever. You do have to authenticate before pulls and pushes, but that can be scripted very easily. The scam here relies on someone having compromised the network of the company sending the instructions. In that situation, wouldn't you have to assume the intruder found the secret key? I'm not saying that cryptography wouldn't help in general, or that it's not incredibly stupid that we're not using it. What I'm saying is you can't just slap crypto on this particular scam to make it go away. These people have insider access to the machines that would likely be used to sign the email. If that is the threat model, it's a mistake to trust anything not delivered in person, signed or not. "Take me to..." as I'm buckling up in the car has been very helpful. Then I'll use it to send an "on my way" text. I took a class in college on voice interface design, and the professor named this as the biggest hurdle that's yet to be overcome. Screens and keyboards are the computer's domain, and we're comfortable adapting to them. But speech is our domain, and we expect the computer to adapt to us. The problem is that the tech isn't quite there for real understanding of language. The patent office has largely stopped granting software patents, from what I've gathered, or they're at least being more careful. So we're just waiting for the existing ones to expire. I store my bread in the fridge and never heat it up. I just make a sandwich and eat it as is. Every article that I have seen on HN about remote work (including this one) has had people strongly expressing opinions that cover the full spectrum, from "remote is awful" to "it really depends" to "remote is a lifesaver". Far from being a bubble, I've learned a lot about what the pros and cons are for different types of people. Your comment was previously near the top because newer comments always start near the top. It's gone down because it has failed to attract enough upvotes and newer comments have taken its place. It doesn't take a moderator shadowban for a negative comment to lose ground on HN. The speakers don't have the hardware needed to run speech recognition and (realistic) text to speech, so no. This is the reason why I'm interested in Mycroft—with just a bit more hardware it actually can do a pretty okay job offline, though the TTS is very robotic. Dafny attempts to do something like this for imperative-style languages, using pre- and post-conditions: https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny It seems like it has the potential to serve just about everyone but the site hosting the data. For example, recipe sites are overwhelmed with pages and pages of generally poorly written and uninteresting background information designed to make you see as many ads as possible. However, many recipe sites added metadata with complete recipe contents, free of fluff. Sure, Google uses that to read off recipes from the Home, but there's also a python module that does the same and could be linked into a custom recipe book. In these cases, everyone but the content producer is better off for not having to wade through junk content to find what you're looking for. It's not perfect, but TypeScript goes a long way toward making frontend feel as safe as backend. You still have the potential for weird bugs when interacting with external JavaScript, but your internal code is pretty safe. Also, TypeScript's type system is impressively flexible, and I often find myself missing features (like unions) when working with other languages. Yes, this. Sum types in most languages are approximated by something like kotlin's sealed classes. Sometimes you don't want to declare a whole new class hierarchy, you just want to say "this function can either return this or this". The question is, why is the link to telegram's homepage? It's not down, and has 0 information on what is happening. Please avoid prescribing best practices without understanding the architecture OP is working with. First, you don't actually know that using SQLite would make the OP's app stateful—if datasette is set up in immutable mode, then the .db files are no more indicative of a stateful process than a static CSV or a JSON or YAML config. Second, not every app needs to be a 12 factor app, and you're not in a position to understand the trade-offs OP is dealing with. "Best practices" rarely are best in every circumstance, and often conflict. Lambda is far from archaic. I call them lambdas all the time. Python explicitly uses lambda as the keyword. Java, C++ and Kotlin all use "lambda" to describe closures in the official docs. Rust uses both closure and lambda. All of these languages except python either are new (Rust, Kotlin) or have had lambdas added in the last ten years. https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/rust-by-example/fn/closures... First paragraph here uses both. I suspect that they use closure throughout the rest of the article, but the fact that they feel the need to reference the other name shows that lambda is still in common currency. It's just Andy Terrel who's in both, right? That's not a huge amount of overlap. Enough to potentially cause a problem, but 6 members of the board being different (and a whole lot of public backlash) should probably be enough to resolve this. Sealed classes in Kotlin largely solve that problem for me, and Java is getting those. It's not quite the same, but most of the time I find that if I'm trying to do Int|String, it's primitive obsession and there is actually a better sealed type hierarchy I'm missing. If the thing happens to be heavily politicized, how can a diverse organization possibly agree that it's the right thing? That's the Coinbase idea, as I understand it. If we can't all agree it's the right thing, it's just divisive for the organization to try to push it on employees. I tried it out about a month ago, and my sense was it's definitely on the right track, but I wouldn't by any means put it into production yet. The UI was surprisingly useful rather than gimmicky, and the use of types was very cool. I was particularly impressed with the migrations framework, which was really easy to work with. I didn't get too far into it, though, because at the time it didn't support the Haskell language server, which made exploring the framework hard. They've added support for that since then, so I'm looking forward to trying it again. I'd also love to hear people's experiences, if anyone has gotten further in it. The amount of keyboard input required for browsing can be easily filled in by voice dictation. Or a lousy on screen keyboard. Creating long form content absolutely requires a keyboard, but the parent even mentions that as part of the "it just works" of a tablet. I'm sure it depends on where you are located and what you're buying. I routinely see the free shipping estimates at 2-3 weeks these days for some things, but other things have 2-3 day shipping still. The longer times have certainly become more common than before. If you'd like to be able to understand the inner workings of your app, that's great, and there are a lot of good suggestions here for how to do that. However, from your description it sounds like you're struggling to communicate about what the programmers should be building, rather than how it's being built. If that's the case, learning to program will likely not fix your problem, and will instead waste time that you could have spent on higher-leverage activities. I'd recommend the following: 1) Focus on learning only those technical details that are relevant to your app. For Thea (from your profile), you would want to spend some time understanding encryption, multi-factor auth, the basics of cloud hosting and storage (their respective Wikipedia pages would be a good starting point). You don't need to know enough to build it, but you should be able to talk intelligently about each of these aspects of the system. 2) Don't expect to successfully convey your design requirements in a single conversation turn. It doesn't matter how good of a communicator you are, if there isn't back-and-forth between you and the developers, they did not understand it. If they're not asking questions, have them diagram what they understood as they explain it back to you. 3) Stop your developers if they start using jargon and ask them to explain it. Just as you expect them to ask questions, they should expect you to ask questions. This way, you'll learn only the jargon that is relevant to your business requirements, rather than spending time learning stuff that will never come up in the context of your app. Yes, if you can get them to stop using jargon at all, that would be ideal. Jargon is, by definition, meant for communication within a discipline, and inappropriate for interdisciplinary conversation. That said, translating jargon to English is a skill, and I wouldn't expect these developers to be able to just flip a switch and turn off the jargon. OP is going to need to gradually transition them to better explanations. A good way to do that is to constantly ask for definitions to terms you're unfamiliar with, and use the non-jargon versions yourself. Saying Plaid were more of a monopoly than Visa is (and Visa is a pretty bad monopoly), isn't that an even bigger reason for the justice department to move to prevent this acquisition? Line wrapping is often difficult to read as well. If programmers wrap the line themselves, they can break it up logically, rather than letting the computer break lines wherever it's convenient. Further, they can respect the indentation level of the line, whereas most line wraps I've seen wrap starting all the way to the left. In every editor I've tried it on, word wrap wraps the lines all the way to the left, instead of respecting indentation levels. This makes for very difficult grokking of control flow, both in languages with significant whitespace and C-style languages. If programmers simply wrap their own lines, they can respect the white space conventions of their language and make it much easier for other developers to read later. That's true for C/C++, but in most languages used today where we don't use pointers, where is the advantage? I'm hundreds of times more likely to have to write lastElement = array[array.length - 1] (there's the 1 again!) than I am to have to reason about the equivalent pointer arithmetic. I'm reading on a 4-year-old smartphone that struggles to process sites that heavy, much less download. I should not have to throw away a perfectly functional device because developers can't be bothered to cut back on dependencies for their plain-text site. Developers think that because they're separated from the waste they're causing, they're not causing waste. Bloated sites accelerate the obsolescence of perfectly good devices, leading to people discarding them long before they actually have reached the end of their life. (The reason I get by is because I have uBlock origin blocking large media elements. Most people don't know how to do that.) Yes, but YouTube on mobile (in Firefox at least) is crippled in comparison to the mobile app or the desktop site, probably intentionally. Not a JetBrains employee, but which features are you specifically looking for? I've never found a single option in the IDE that's available through a menu that cannot be assigned a shortcut. That sounds like a very similar policy to the one the parent described. Essentially, it's up to the teacher to decide. Unless they codified what "abuse the privilege" meant, you're still at the mercy of a teacher's whims. Source? I could only find one 2020 poll on FiveThirtyEight that didn't have McConnell in the lead. In that one, his opponent only had a 1% lead, and in most of the other ones McConnell led by 5+ points. That's a far cry from "nearly the entire state of Kentucky" wanting him out. EDIT: Source: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/polls/kentucky/ I found serialization of typesafe IDs trivial in Kotlin with Jackson. We have a single generic supertype that has the correct annotation to tell Jackson to use the `value` field as the serialized value, and defines helpful methods like equals. Each new ID type is defined as a single line of code, simply inheriting from this base ID type and providing the actual underlying type (int, string, uuid). Validators likewise are a non-issue. Jackson handles that automatically during the underlying type conversion, and Java won't allow you to construct a UUID that is invalid. I see explicit conversion between types as a pro, not a con. If I'm going to take one ID and try to use it as an ID for a different type of entity, I'd better have a very good reason. Again, I did this with a specific set of tools, but the functionality I used should be available in pretty much any language and serialization framework. Yes, but as has been noted multiple times in this thread, there are more than 6 visible stars in the cluster. They're just not visible at all times of year, and certainly impossible to see for most of us who live in/near cities. Right, but that they are ever visible to anyone means that the story could just as easily be inspired by the rarely-seen 7th sister, rather than the last-seen-100k-years-ago 7th sister. Do you live in the middle of nowhere, far away from any light pollution? If not, your inability to see more than 6 means nothing about what someone 2000 years ago would have been able to see. They vetoed an otherwise-popular proposal to grant teeth to the privacy working group. That is worse than vetoing a single proposal. It comes off as Google preserving their ability to do whatever they want in the W3C. If you build for millions of users the way most devs do, your business will flounder before you finish. Facebook, Twitter, and Google all started simple and scaled only when it became necessary. If you want to do what they're doing, start by doing what they did. Don't skip to the microservices. Where I live it's the 80th percentile. Not everyone in the US lives on the coasts. Respecting your edit: $75k is $6.5k/mo, which gives you $1820/mo for a mortgage. That's not enough for a large home in an expensive area, but it's plenty in most of the US. Debt to income ratio is usually calculated pre tax, no? This essay has been on my mind a lot in recent weeks. This idea seems relevant now more than ever: > The man who lives in a small community lives in a much larger world. He knows much more of the fierce varieties and uncompromising divergences of men. The reason is obvious. In a large community we can choose our companions. In a small community our companions are chosen for us. Thus in all extensive and highly civilized societies groups come into existence founded upon what is called sympathy, and shut out the real world more sharply than the gates of a monastery. Which OS and which browser? (Just curious). But how many apps have only one view? That a single view is only 100 lines doesn't solve the maintainability problem when you have dozens of views. The spec distinguishes between "pointer: coarse" and "any-pointer: coarse", where the former only asks about the primary pointer. I'd assume that tablets would leave "pointer" unchanged even if a mouse is plugged in, though I haven't verified that. And aside from that, shouldn't a tablet where a mouse is being used as the primary input show buttons sized appropriately for a mouse, rather than larger ones? The whole idea of making buttons bigger on mobile is to accommodate thumbs, so it seems like this media query is exactly what we should be using. But the existing semantics are very confusing to anyone who is used to Python, which seems like a bigger problem. That sounds to me like a good thing. I don't want to trust a company with my critical infrastructure if they have a habit of moderating their customers' content. These are still examples of crappy DSLs that use XML syntax, not specific problems with XML itself. Designing good DSLs is a hard problem, but is it any less hard in JSON or YAML? If so, it would be helpful for me if people could provide specific examples of why XML itself leads to poor DSLs. As it stands, I'm left wondering if there are so many bad XML DSLs simply because XML is (has been) a popular format. Prototypes are useful when you already have a pretty clear picture for what you're trying to build and just need to figure out how it's going to work. If you have yet to validate that you understand the what , you're better off talking and whiteboarding than taking time to code up a prototype. For me, coding is a great way to explore the solution space when you're down to the last few details. Because coding is implementing a concrete solution, exploration in code tends to only cover a very small subset of the real solution space. On the other hand, if I take a few steps back and look at the problem from a wider angle, I can often find a solution that is both better for everyone and easier to implement. True, but the lack of a clear distinction also seems like a weakness in the specific DSLs rather than a weakness in the format. HTML has (with some exceptions) a very clear distinction between them: attributes are for metadata, elements are for visible page content. Android's XML draws a similar distinction, with attributes used to describe properties of a view and elements used to describe child views. (I do concur with others who have noted here that the "elements" versus "attributes" distinction makes XML a poor choice for serialization, but XML as a serialization format isn't really the issue here.) Building software is making a series of trade-offs, but most tech articles present themselves as though they have the answer. It's not too surprising, then, that the top comments take opposing stances on an issue that is definitely more complicated than the article made it sound. Agreed! The fact that the top two comments usually disagree is one of the primary reasons I read comments on HN. The dialectic allows me to make an informed decision later. The equivalency is not being drawn between the people who stormed the capitol and the people who were peacefully holding Black Lives Matter signs last summer. The equivalency is being drawn between the people who stormed the capitol and the people who smashed in the door to a federal courthouse and threw fireworks inside. [0] [0]: https://www.oregonlive.com/crime/2020/07/federal-courthouse-... This: > a hearty crew of deniers / supporters / it didn’t happen but if it did it wasn’t violent is exactly what we all saw for months regarding Portland's protests. I've seen it online and I've heard it in person. Exactly that way of talking about it: it didn't happen, but if it did, it would have been justified and/or nonviolent. I'm not defending the capitol riot, nor am I condemning the BLM protestors as a whole. What I am saying is let's not pretend that either one was a group of exclusively peaceful protestors. If we accept that there were violent crimes committed, then it follows police can and should be investigating the protests, because there were real crimes and real violence. We can debate whether they should be using Ring camera footage to do it, but some here are treating the mere fact that there's an investigation as an assault on free speech and free assembly. A more likely explanation is that they're investigating the assaults, robberies, and vandalism. Stack Overflow's developer survey found that in 2020 43% of web developers were using jQuery and 36% were using React [0]. Still biased in favor of jQuery but not nearly as much as you say. [0] https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2020#most-popular-... To add to this: with Postgresql's JSON type, it's very easy to mix the two. We use relational data for most things to get the benefits of an enforced schema, but in places where freeform is preferable we stuff that data in a JSONB column. I can't think of any projects that would need more flexibility than that provides. There's already the Do Not Track header, which is supposed to serve exactly this purpose. Its problem is it has no teeth. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/DN... Your last paragraph is exactly right: the problem is that it's doubtful that Incognito mode actually produces burner identities. If all Incognito does is create a temporary cookie jar, there are plenty of other ways to fingerprint a browser that would persist across Incognito sessions. The average user almost certainly doesn't realize that, and Google absolutely benefits from keeping up the pretense of privacy in Incognito. That honestly doesn't seem very likely, given the content and audience of the epistles. The epistles repeatedly mention that Paul considers himself the apostle to the gentiles, and most are written to Greek cities. Even saying the Jewish diaspora in those cities retained Aramaic as a daily or religious language, Paul (or even a committee posing as Paul) would have been unlikely to write the letters in such a way as to exclude the Greek christians in those cities. Further, as others have mentioned, the consensus is overwhelming that Greek was the original language for the pauline epistles, to the point where I can't even find any contradictory views. That's not to say the consensus is correct, but if there is debate, it's not widespread. Do you know what evidence your dad had for Aramaic being the original language? A search for "aramaic manuscripts of pauline epistles" turns up no results discussing the topic. I don't know if this person is saying they disagree with their friends on politics or if the vitriol in their friends' political speech is harmful to them. If the latter, I sympathize: most political conversations today are so filled with hate that "direct harm" to listeners is not unreasonable to claim. Yep. I work with ear protection on (of the sort you'd use for mowing the lawn) most of the time for precisely this reason. I've found my anxiety levels are much lower after several hours of wearing them. My understanding is that the designers explicitly do not want applications to be possible/practical over Gemini. The request format is intentionally not extensible, and consists exclusively of a URL. Ukraine isn't in the EU, so that doesn't actually prove anything about the EU's ability to defend itself. Parler would not have been saved by being more mobile between clouds, no provider would have them. Only self hosting would have saved them, which is rarely what people are proposing when they talk about vendor lock-in. They're different but not completely orthogonal. Dependency injection is often used to achieve dependency inversion. I understand the same, but remember that this is a city government that built this app, not a private company. The app belongs, by rights, to the taxpayers who funded it, and for the city (or their contractors) to be actively working to prevent them from building a better version of it is clearly wrong. Publicly-funded applications should be required to be open source (barring national security concerns), but at the very least they shouldn't actively prevent open alternatives. Acknowledging that we have a lot of work to do improving things further doesn't require us to simultaneously accept the idea that the world is a worse place today than it was a generation ago. Indeed, noting that real progress has been made made, as the parent does, seems like the first step toward hopefully pursuing further progress—it's proof it can work! Note that, regardless of the ethics of firing them en masse, the strike they were engaged in was, in fact, illegal. It's still in violation of the US Code for government employees to strike or even to claim the right to strike [0]. [0] https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/5/7311 Agreed. I wasn't saying that I think that the law is right. The original article phrases it as Reagan "called the strike illegal", which makes it sound like that was just his opinion. The law as written is pretty unambiguous. If you want to effect change in the law, you first have to acknowledge that Reagan acted in line with the law as written, rather than according to his own whims. What made the civil Rights demonstrations work was that MLK and others showed just how bad the law was by breaking it and accepting the consequences. They were deliberately drawing attention to the law, rather than focusing on the enforcers of it. Reagan didn't almost broadcast that, he said it as a joke during a sound check. It was a joke in poor taste, but it only ended up public because someone recorded the sound check and leaked it. This comment was buried in a thread, but I'm bringing it out because it's very relevant to the conversation: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=26679728 > the article refers to YAML 2.O, a nonexistent spec, and to PyYAML, a real parser which supports only YAML 1.1. > Both the unquoted-YES/NO-as-boolean and sexagesimal literals were removed in YAML 1.2. What's a feature in one context can be a bug in another. I get where OP is coming from: when I zoom in and the text reflows, it's easy to lose my place. PDFs don't have that problem. Also, digital, free-flow media lose basically all sense of space. PDFs are much better for finding a piece of content again later, because I can remember the location on the page and roughly how many pages into the document. The discussion isn't about GDP but about % of the population in poverty. If you have a country where the bulk of the population suffers in poverty while an elite does very well, that country will look great in terms of GDP, but the poverty stats will show the truth. I don't know about that. The issue at hand there isn't implementation of APIs, it's using an existing API (run on existing infrastructure) in a way that the social media company does not approve of. Isn't that more an issue of unauthorized access than of copyright? The Supreme Court is the court of last resort. They'd have to start over with some new argument, and if they had a better one I imagine they would've pulled it out by now. This. It would be absurdly easy for Uber to allow riders to specify "I have a service animal" and drivers to specify "I have a dog allergy" (probably with a requirement to provide a doctor's note to avoid abuse). You simply don't pair those riders with those drivers. The availability difference is a concern. I wasn't picturing the drivers being made aware of the service animal ahead of time, which would eliminate discrimination concerns, assuming you could actually enforce that you have to have a real allergy. You miss the OP's point. They're talking about a specific aspect of culture in the Carribean, where they worked for a while, not about idyllic lifelong vacations. While there, they found that separation from the internet reduced the amount of outrage they felt. Unless you're suggesting that social media outrage is productive and helps people to accomplish something meaningful in their own way, you're not actually addressing the OP's comment, you're addressing an unrelated idea that you've heard in the past. ChromeOS is one thing, but what in GSuite doesn't work on Firefox? Above the median income in a small town doesn't mean you've got a great absolute standard of living, it just means you're better off than others in your town. If a company can sell its products two towns over for 2x the price Bessemer can afford, it's not going to slash prices in Bessemer just because everyone there is poor. What's interesting about that Workforce article is that the tone is completely different from the sources it cites. The "2 days less per year" article by Namely that they cite is about how to effectively implement an unlimited PTO policy that doesn't have that side-effect. In the Fast Company article they cite, they found this: > In a survey we conducted just before we hit the one-year mark, our employees ranked unlimited vacation third-highest among the benefits we offer, just behind health insurance and a 401(k). It beat out vision insurance, dental insurance, and even professional development, all of which ranked highly in their own rights. Their Unlimited PTO policy didn't move the needle at all on how much vacation people took, but it had a huge impact on how people felt about it. In short, they appreciated being treated like adults. How the author of that Workforce article got from the two sources they cite to the extremely negative article they wrote is beyond me. Ah, that does make sense. It doesn't explain why GSuite is a factor, but I do get the browser sync. I, for one, grew up hearing that Gutenberg invented the printing press—when people wanted to be more specific they would credit him with movable type. I think it's valuable to point out from time to time how incremental most of the actual innovations in history have been, even the most revolutionary ones. The most frequent narrative surrounding these major breakthroughs in history leaves people assuming that the way the world works is everything sits stagnant until some great person comes along and changes everything. A far more productive lens through which to see human progress is one in which most progress is the result of tying together existing ideas in new ways. This kind of innovation is within the reach of most of us, if we simply stopped trying to be the "first" and became okay with synthesizing what's already there. The whole idea of offering annual pricing is that the income stream is more consistent, so the price can be lower. It does hurt Adobe (not much relative to their income, but still some) to have that income not materialize. If you're not happy with a cancellation fee, that's what the monthly pricing is for—you pay more month to month but can cancel any time. It's a very normal trade-off. The only real alternatives Adobe has to a cancellation fee are to only offer monthly pricing or forbid cancelling an annual contact at all. Adobe offers annual pricing that is cheaper than the monthly pricing. How do you suggest they avoid the cancellation fee for annual plans while still offering a discount? Would that not effectively turn their annual price into the de facto monthly price, if people could cancel at will with no repercussions? It's been said over and over again in this thread, and the reply is always the same: you signed a contract to pay monthly for a year. Canceling a card doesn't legally excuse you from that obligation. Yes, odds are they wouldn't send it to collections, but they'd be within their rights to do so. They do that too, for a steeper discount. The annual contract option is good for someone who wants to pay monthly (less cash out of pocket right now) and knows they'll be using the software for at least 12 months. I would be surprised if that's not the majority of Adobe's customers, who work in a field that requires their use of Adobe software. Is this any different from AWS offering reserved instances? The pricing structure is the same: you pay by the month but commit to a year. Reserved instances seem perfectly fair to me: what's different here? I'm not sure what you mean, but if a debt goes to collections that ends up on your credit report. It's not like you can just ignore it forever. Using a predictive model would be awful for the inspiration use case (must keep eye contact with the patient), but probably more convenient for most others. Personally, I'd rather have the chords than have toggles—a keyboard should really be stateless. Even the existing rarely used states (num lock, caps lock) do more to cause me frustration than help. That was my initial reaction, but the "your" is actually correct there: > Your applying to those companies with 0 experience or college degree is unrealistic. The clause "applying to..." is possessed by "your". I believe the data was scraped from the API endpoint that allowed looking users up by their phone number--the bot just ran every possible phone number and got back everyone who had that feature enabled. They've locked that endpoint down, but this is the fallout from that initial failure to rate limit. Or maybe companies shouldn't be allowed to release designs that don't include industry-standard safety features? A pool is a giant body of water, it can't help but be dangerous. Missing that safety guard causes this treadmill to unnecessarily pose a huge risk that most other treadmills have mitigated by fairly simple means. Most families in the world don't have a spare room that can keep locked all the time. It's nice for you that you apparently do, but are you seriously suggesting that treadmills should be restricted to people who can afford to have a dedicated exercise room? This is an important point if true, do you have a citation for that? I can't find anywhere in the documentation indication that sites are only included in the FLoC model if they call the FLoC API. You can block FLoC: switch to Firefox, or at least to any Chromium derivative that isn't Chrome. Which likewise suggests that the money's purpose is to avoid another Australia. If the large players are all appeased, the small ones stand little chance of influencing Congress on their own. This feels like there's a lot of context missing. Does anyone know anything more about this story? This contributor was specifically listed as a reviewer on the "IBM Power SRIOV Virtual NIC Device Driver", and it sounds like the order (from a manager?) was specifically to do with contributing to this specific VNIC driver. Yes, it's concerning, but it has to the feel of being the end of a long conversation. I'm picturing something like this: Manager: You're not allowed to contribute to VNIC. Employee: But I'm doing it on my spare time! Manager: You're still not allowed to contribute to VNIC. Employee: But I'm using my personal email. Manager: * the email quoted * --- It feels like someone who's hit the end of their rope with a long back-and-forth and is trying to close any remaining loopholes just to be done with the conversation. Remember that all we see is the bit of the email (presumably?) that the employee chose to post in the commit message. We don't know what other context there is. This feels like the last email in a long chain of emails, with a manager who's just done with excuses and trying to shut down any further argument in advance. We don't know they didn't say that. We only have what appears to be an excerpt that is missing a ton of context. At this point we can't rule out that the employee cut the most damning part of an email out of context, put it in the commit message, and submitted this post on HN themselves (it's posted by a throwaway, so it's likely someone intimately involved in the case, not someone who just stumbled across it). I suspect from the tone of the email that the manager may have already tried that route and gotten pushback. It feels very much like a manager who is tired of the excuses and trying to be as unequivocal as possible so as to be 100% clear. And that's assuming we even have an accurate statement, which is a big assumption. Aside from the missing context, we frankly don't know that any of this text was written by the manager. In this case, the contributions in question are to IBM's VNIC driver, which undoubtedly counts as "related to your position". Up until a few months ago, this employee was contributing to VNIC in an official capacity, using their work email. We don't know what changed, but that shows a clear connection that would be hard to dispute. Some additional context: Lijun Pan was listed in MAINTAINERS for IBM's VNIC driver with their IBM email up until 3 days ago, when they changed their email to their personal address and changed themselves from M ("Mail") to R ("Reviewer")[0]. Then, today, they received these instructions: "Please remove yourself completely from the maintainers file. I grant you a 1 time exception on contributions to VNIC to make this change." It looks to me like there's been a change in the organization--either in this employee's assignment or in their policies surrounding contributing to their VNIC driver--that this employee was trying to bypass by identifying their commits as now being part of a personal hobby. [0] https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/6b389c16378a03fe71f... Nope, because the contributions in question are to IBM's VNIC driver, and until 3 days ago this employee was working on this project in an official capacity. The employer is expressly allowed to claim ownership of work that relates to the employment, which this did. It's not the Linux kernel as a whole that's at issue, it's an IBM driver within the kernel. If they wanted to work on some unrelated part of the kernel it doesn't sound like that'd be an issue. That doesn't apply here because the work in question is on an IBM driver, so the exceptions clearly apply. There are lots of people here worried about starlink, if you looked at any of the articles on starlink. No one brought it up here because that's not what this article is about. Two things: 1. There's no financing to approve. Pre-approvals fall through all the time, and the seller knows that. They'll take cash to avoid having to start over. 2. Appraisals are coming in low right now because prices are changing so quickly that finding good comps is hard, and lenders cannot or will not loan for more than the appraised value. This could lead to the seller having to either start over or accept a lower amount. A cash offer is usually not contingent on an appraisal. Right now you're almost certainly not the first offer, and even if you are, they'll have 5+ more by the end of the day. This means that your letter could theoretically be the deciding factor in which offer they pick, which does have the potential to run against fair housing laws. Does this solve the problem OP mentioned of many sites hiding the desktop version behind the query? I had to use Proctorio for a stats class that I took, and two or three times per test it asked me to lift my laptop up and rotate it so that it could see the entire room. The worst part was that when I was done the button to return to the test never showed up. Each time this happened, I had to contact customer support to get them to unlock my screen. The distraction this posed had a measurable impact on my scores on these tests. Egypt definitely has fault here, but the company that owns the ship could have gotten the ship out of there if they cared about him at all. Yes, it might have been expensive, but I would expect a US based company to have rescued him within weeks of this situation starting, not years. If a ship were straight-up captured by pirates and the crew held for ransom, I would still expect the company that sent the crew out to do everything in its power to bring them home. If said company simply shrugged and said "we tried to come up with the ransom money, but couldn't", I would consider that behavior unethical. The same applies here: yes, Egypt is corrupt. Yes, this is a massive violation of human rights. But the company took on a moral responsibility when it sent out that crew. We can't excuse someone from their ethical duty simply because other people neglect theirs. Ethics is meaningless if it stops applying as soon as there's corruption outside. Nope, if you look at a population density map it has the same line. I'm not at all sure why that's true, geographically. Yeah, that seems right, but it's bizarre how straight up-and-down it is. I can see why GP thought that it looked artificial. 6 cases of reinfection out of millions of cases of covid still has contracting covid granting much better immunity than the vaccine. Those stats don't say what you think they say. Those show that white people are no more likely to kill black people than black people are to kill white people. They do not say that black people are no more likely to kill someone . Read the article. This woman says that she was dismissed from multiple jobs over the last 20 years without explanation. Her charge was felony embezzlement, so I don't blame the employers for being freaked out when they saw it. It's on the DA for filing this charge for something so stupid. She doesn't have to be prosecuted to be persecuted. The charge on her record was felony embezzlement, which would totally freak me out if I saw it on a background check for an employee. Yes, maybe they could have asked her about it, but from a legal perspective it's safer for them to just dismiss her without explanation. That's not their fault, that's the way that the system is set up. That's not skewed numbers, "extrajudicial crime fighting" that ends with someone dead is correctly categorized as murder. Lack of trust in the system is a problem, but retributive killings are not the solution. It's not so much a question of what they should have put in but what they should have left out. There was an awful lot in there justifying what they did, and relatively little that acknowledged that it was wrong. The wording is definitely stilted and forced, but the content is also wrong for an apology. They spend a lot of time justifying their actions, and close with "this has been painful for us too". This may also be cultural, but it's overly self-centered for an apology. You don't have to be a mind reader to see that this apology isn't an apology. They spend as much time justifying their actions as they do apologizing for the unintended outcomes, and they close by complaining that they've also been hurt. Tesla is just asking for a lawsuit at some point. First "Autopilot" and now "Full Self-Driving"—it's no wonder people keep treating these vehicles as more capable than they are and getting in accidents! You can't tell someone their car has full self driving capabilities and then expect them to listen when you tell them that they also have to be paying attention 100% of the time. The two ideas are antithetical, and people are going to (consciously or unconsciously) believe the one they see pushed the most. Not entirely, but they absolutely share a portion of the blame. Their marketing campaign clearly wants people to believe that these vehicles can drive themselves. They're trying to create that belief in people. That makes them accountable when some subset actually do believe what they've been saying. The issue isn't how sophisticated or feature rich it is, the problem is the expectations it creates for what you can do. As a sibling has pointed out, the other places where autopilot is currently used are places where, once autopilot is turned on, much less attention is needed to avoid a fatal accident. For this reason, the connotation of "autopilot" is "the vehicle controls itself with no effort needed on the part of the operator", which is simply untrue for Tesla. Deceptive advertising is a crime. If you set out to create a belief that is untrue, you're already criminally liable. If the people who believe what you said end up getting killed... Where do you find these pay scales? That's a demo of the new "full self driving", not existing Autopilot. I might be on board with calling that functionality "autopilot", but they already used that term up and had to escalate. With that escalation, the marketing is once again out of sync with reality. Can we just have a chuckle about a humorous event for once, without someone introducing fear? Is the Oreilly access that comes with the ACM membership full access? The same level of access you'd get for $500/yr from Oreilly directly? What makes you think they didn't find something else to spend that money on? Don't try to describe a viewpoint that you're only familiar with from stereotypes. It doesn't contribute to the discussion in any meaningful way, and only serves to further propagate the stereotype. The problem Republicans (in general) have with government-run businesses is not that they operate at a lower cost and so thwart competition, but that they seem to operate at a lower cost because they run on tax dollars rather than on paying customers. Combine that with the fact that the government is not incentivized to make the business profitable and you have a lot of wasted resources used to provide a service that isn't any good but is so cheap to the end user (not to the taxpayer) that it's impossible to compete. Whether this model of government-run systems is accurate is open to debate, but it's not helpful to set up straw men. I'm not being defensive (I'm not a Republican), but I do want to ensure that our discussion accurately portrays both sides. Setting up straw men is not only offensive to those we disagree with, it dulls our own capacity to argue for our viewpoint effectively because we never face the real alternative. I grew up (and still live and work) in a forever-red conservative state. My dad was a glutton for conservative political news, so I grew up immersed in Fox News, Hot Air, Instapundit, Glenn Beck, Drudge Report, you name it. I'm still surrounded by conservative commentary, both educated and ignorant, at every social function I attend. In all my years of exposure to conservative thought, I have not once read or heard someone say that their concern with the government doing a task is that they'll do it too well. Where do you hear it? I think that's OP's point. You keep using the word class, but I don't think it's applicable here. If everyone in the country is subjected to a lower minimum wage while a teenager, there is no disadvantaged "class". I think in this case it's likely that Apple is drawing attention to the stalking concerns on purpose. Bring on the regulation and the public outrage! Just let it be directed at Tile for not doing this sooner. You joke, but I was told this myth about .org multiple times over my education by multiple teachers, including in college. It might be terribly obvious to you, but there are hundreds of thousands of teachers who teach this wrong. I don't know if the comment has been edited (I doubt it), but I don't see where GP said they quit out of disgust. In fact, this line really does seem to be giving traditional advertisers a pass: > I used to work in more trad advertising, so my question wasn't so much an objection to working in advertising itself... (Not commenting on whether they should be given a pass, just noting that GP really did seem to be doing so.) The web, even as it is, functions exactly like this. You make a request to a domain, that domain says "here are some trackers". The user's browser then has a choice about whether to load them. My browser (and the browsers of many here) just ignores the request to download scripts that I don't want, because that's what I told it to do and the browser is my agent. The big problem is that most people do not use a browser that is truly their agent--they use a browser that is an agent of an advertising company. The result is entirely predictable: Chrome acts in the best interests of its client, and loads the ads and trackers. If we want to change the status quo with regards to advertising, we don't need to change the technology at all: we have to change the way people see a web browser. We need to help people to make the paradigm shift from "Chrome is how you consume content on the internet" to "a browser is an agent that acts on my behalf in the digital realm". One of the other capstone projects my year was a large local company (600+ employees) that asked the students to design a system for keeping track of the differences between contracts for different employees. Not only was this a non-issue for them, they actively embraced it. Because every language and tool is part of a wider software ecosystem, and it's reasonable to ask how any given language compares to the other options that you have. > Innovation happens in fields where our ideas are limited by our means to pursue them. Software is no longer such a field, our brightest minds should be going elsewhere. I feel like the author has an overly one-dimensional definition of both innovation and what it means for someone to be one of "our brightest minds". There are two different goods and two different talents at play here. The first is taking an idea that already has been had and making it possible. The second is inventing new ideas. Both are goods, but each requires very different talents. Biotechnology desperately needs people who, given a great idea, can break technological barriers and enable it. If we accept that software is bottlenecked by ideas, then software desperately needs people who can radically change paradigms. "Our greatest minds" consist of both types of people. Why is SMS not used more widely in Europe? It's less ergonomic than a dedicated chat app, but in the states it's the one thing everyone is guaranteed to have. I never understand this reasoning. It's the same kind of thing that people do with Firefox versus Chrome: Mozilla does stupid stuff sometimes, so that makes Chrome okay. Signal does stupid stuff sometimes, so that makes WhatsApp okay. Never mind that Facebook and Google are awful, user-hostile companies and neither Mozilla nor Signal has done anything even close to as bad. Don't let perfect be the enemy of good. Why does the alternative need to be immaculate in order for you to drop a bad company? Nope. I don't, and I never have any issues with not having it. I communicate with my wife's family through Signal and everyone else through SMS, and my not having WhatsApp has never even drawn a comment. What Kotlin features do implicits serve to replace? I'm new to Scala and am having trouble imagining when I'd want to use an implicit, so I'm genuinely curious. I write Kotlin all day and almost exclusively use immutable types. What difficulties with using them are are you referring to? Ah, fair. I've never actually seen that become a problem, but I can see how it would be if I were doing more extensive Java interop. The downtime I understand being a concern, especially for laypeople. The GP comment specifically identified Signal's secretiveness surrounding their server as the dealbreaker that made them "fine with WhatsApp", which is what I was actually responding to (didn't make that clear). That said, Re: downtime, I've been using Signal for years now with non-techie family, and I've never had any complaints from them outside of that one two-day window. Signal is doing remarkably well even today. It seems like they just failed to adapt to the massive spike in load they had that week. I wasn't talking about the downtime. The GP comment said that the thing that drove them away from Signal was the Mobilecoin debacle. I was drawing a parallel between that and Mozilla pushing Pocket (or any of their other missteps). I totally get why the downtime turned a lot of people off, but that's not what GP identified as what drove them to be "fine with WhatsApp". This is why I use Firefox + Multi-Account Containers. Google and all its services I haven't yet been able to elimiate go in its own container. Google's cookies in all other containers are third-party and so get rejected. It's very common in American English as well, and it functions the same way, as a filler. I'm not sure where the OP got the sense that it was condescending. Why would you say that? OSS dominating seems to me to be a phenomenon largely restricted to the software industry, probably because we like to have a hand in our own tools and can contribute . Outside of software and data science, is there any industry where the software landscape is dominated by the OSS players? True, but LaTeX only exists because of computer science researchers (largely Leslie Lamport from what I understand.) They had a need, and built a tool to meet that need, and the rest of the industry benefited. There's less overlap in needs between software and mechanical engineering, for example. The White House also released a fact sheet which summarizes the order. It makes for a shorter read if you just want a summary. https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases... I'll be sticking with Kotlin at least until Java can do better at killing null pointers than @NotNull. Optional is good, but not widely used enough to handle most cases. Judging from the library they wrote, I'd guess Kotlin. Not at all. The invasive species in question are salt-water animals that traveled through the canal. If there are no controls in place, a wider canal means a larger volume of water flowing toward the Mediterranean, which means more opportunity for invasive species to find their way through. From the Wikipedia article linked: > A first look at some groups of exotic species shows that more than 70% of the non-indigenous decapods and about 63% of the exotic fishes occurring in the Mediterranean are of Indo-Pacific origin, introduced into the Mediterranean through the Suez Canal. This makes the Canal the first pathway of arrival of alien species into the Mediterranean. I was thinking of a filtered lock system, and you're right that that's impractical for the Suez. Edit: as pointed out below, I misunderstood. It was not actually parmesan, but it did have cheese. From the Bloomberg article: > Instead, there was a mixture of Swiss, mozzarella, white cheddar and cellulose, according to the FDA. My original comment preserved for history: > It's worse than that: that company advertised it as 100% cheese and it was actually 0% cheese. Not just that it had additives, it wasn't cheese at all. Powdered cheeses have had anti-caking agents for as long as there have been powdered cheeses. It's possible some brands have started increasing the amount of the agent, but it's not a new practice. I don't believe it's a quirk. Browsers are supposed treat tags they don't recognize basically the same as a (or some other reasonable default presentation). It's intentionally designed that way for forward compatibility. We rely on this behavior when we provide some content inside an tag for browsers that don't support it. I write Java, but I prefer errors as values exactly because you can't only consider the happy path. It really makes you think about the appropriate response to this specific failure. You can do that with exceptions, but in practice it's exactly like you say: all error handling is delegated to some generic catch-all, which in a web app usually just gives a generic 500 Internal Server Error. If I encode my errors as values (usually with Either), I have to decide how to gracefully fall back if a failure occurs before I'm even allowed to use the successful result. Maybe I just hide the part of the view that needed that data. Maybe I show an appropriate error message. Maybe I email operations to let them know about the problem. Whatever I do, I have to actually think about it and not just assume that the error will be caught somewhere by someone. The result is usually a dramatically improved user experience when failures inevitably occur. Exceptions tend to pass the buck so far down the line that there's no context to make an appropriate decision. Values tend to force a decision early, when you still have enough context. (Obviously both can be used against the grain, but the question is which pattern is easier.) Can you please elaborate how the pattern that you describe doesn't pass the buck to a portion of code that has less context for the cause of the failure? > You can write code as if every function call is successful How does writing code as if every function call is successful (when you know that some functions will fail) not lead to some other bit of code further up the call stack having to make a decision about an exception that it doesn't have the context for? A bit of code which probably was written by a different developer who didn't anticipate what you were going to do? I think the point is that in Go, you expect failure. Failure is not exceptional. It's a first class part of the logic. Java conditions you to view failure as an exception to the rule, and the happy path as the real code (which is the attitude you express in your first comment). Lots of us have since observed that this approach to failure leads to errors because programmers ignore failures, allowing them to be handled by a catch-all at the top of the stack, which typically just dumps a stacktrace and calls it a day. The paradigm espoused by Go sees errors as just another program state, and one whose implications are just as important to consider as the desired behavior. This forces programmers to consider all the implications of a failure, rather than just adding another `throws` clause. Yeah, I'm not endorsing Go's approach to errors, just the idea of errors as values. I can't speak for Go, but other languages make it very obvious that to handle an error you have to inspect its type, and thereby get at the "why". The lack of forcing to handle (checked) exceptions is exactly why I dislike Java's model. Until I've checked for an error state, I want to have an Either that may or may not have the data I'm looking for (and if it doesn't, has an explanation). In a truly exceptional situation I can crash and give a 500 error, but checked exceptions are by definition supposed to be recoverable, and in a production codebase I don't want to be able to lazily avoid recovering from them. Then you're lucky. I have, both on the developer side and on the user-getting-a-stacktrace side. It's not pretty from either end. An experimental one. There are still many far better choices for low-latency programming. Paying for more landfills hardly offsets the pollution from a smartphone. Recycling might be better, but my understanding is that the worst damage is done in the mining/refining/manufacturing, not in the final home in a landfill. I see this comment on so many different threads about so many different organizations who choose something other than Matrix. Matrix is clearly not a much better choice for most orgs, or more orgs would use it. That many FOSS orgs don't suggests that even people who believe in free software don't all see Matrix as a viable alternative to commercial solutions. Nebulously insisting that Matrix is "better" (without any specifics) doesn't help address the problems that drive people away. That's one big part of what Google does, and it's part of why it's so hard to get Google to accept self hosted email. They have a list of known good hosts (that they effectively "peer" with), and if you're not on that list your mail may or may not make it into a Gmail inbox. This is exactly what OP was referring to: that's what you are actually interested in, but not everyone. A business model does not have a right to exist just because individuals would choose to patronize it if legal. There are plenty of predatory business models that capitalize on market failures. "Free" definitely appears to be one of those business models. I'm not proposing legislation outlawing any particular business model. If someone can make "free" work while respecting customer data ownership, more power to them. What I am saying that customer data should legally belong to the customer, and if that makes some business models infeasible, so be it. The discussion a few months ago on the article "Short Fat Engineers Are Undervalued"[0] was really helpful to me in thinking about this issue. The top comment's perspective resonated with me: > The argument of specialist vs generalist is futile. They simple fit in distinct parts of the journey and evolution of a software product. > Generalists are highly valuable for many types of orgs and projects especially nascent projects. But sometimes you need the precise output of a specialist to achieve something. So, whether being a specialist or generalist is better depends on the context. In the end, it depends on what kinds of jobs you want to work on. If you enjoy working on the full stack, then there are still plenty of people who will want to hire you, especially smaller businesses. Larger organizations hiring a contractor are probably more likely to be seeking a specialist for a very specific job. [0] https://news.ycombinator.cdidam?id=26119087 The fact that the new ownership perceives Libera as a "competitor" (your word) is exactly why the new ownership should be considered a malicious actor. That is an attitude belonging not to a FOSS network but to a business that is planning to monetize its userbase, all the while trying to reassure everyone that their communities are safe. The same is true for any open protocol, at least at first. Any open protocol has to reach widespread usage first, and only then will incumbents have to adopt it. That's an extremely difficult task, but hopefully not impossible. I'm not aware of any, no, and there's 0 incentive for any large company to sponsor one. My understanding is that that is often because doctors fail to educate them sufficiently on the cons. The recovery from a C-section is worse, the outcomes are worse for both mother and child, future children are likely to be more difficult. There's not much reason to recommend an elect C-section in most cases (certainly not 33% of cases) except that the doctors get to bill for it. The difference is visibility. A few hours into a conversation, the top two comments are, more often than not, a well-reasoned argument for one side and a well-reasoned rebuttal. If you start in on a thread while it's early, you'll see a lot of garbage, but that tends to float to the bottom over time. In general, the HN system (tech+mods+community) rewards thoughtful content and penalizes shallow nonsense. Twitter is the opposite. The most inflammatory comments trigger the most engagement, and so get the most visibility. > What is Twitter but a reflection of our own society? Twitter isn't just a reflection, though, it's a feedback loop. It takes a stream of ideas (usually ill-considered) from a ridiculous number of people and sends them directly to the people that it expects will be most emotionally affected by them. Those people then absorb those ideas and either react with anger or support, feeding the system with new material to repeat the cycle. If Twitter simply reflected society, it would have done no harm. But instead it's amplified the most animalistic part of our collective nature. Ah, okay, I understand better what you're saying. So you do perceive Twitter as different than HN, but only in quality of writing, not in lack of hateful content. Can you give an example of a thread that turned out that way? I'm genuinely curious if I've been missing something, or if I've just managed to steer clear of topics that end up like that. Uh, nope, that's exactly a situation where a C section is warranted. That's not what I was referring to by an "elect" C section. The WHO has long emphasized that the expected rate of necessary C sections is 10-15%. The US is sitting at around 30%, 2-3x the desirable rate. Some of that is doctors trying to avoid malpractice suits (it's harder to get sued for doing too much), but some of that is convenience for doctors or moms.[0] Those are the cases I'm concerned about. [0] https://www.usnews.com/news/healthiest-communities/articles/... There are also hundreds of millions of people who drink socially and never become alcoholics. Are the hundred million alcoholics "people with zero responsibility or control", or is it more likely that some bodies react differently to certain addictive substances than other bodies? If you allow for different reactions to alcohol, why could the same not be true for sugar and fat? How about forced sterilization, forced abortions, and the interplay between the one child policy and culture that led to massive numbers of sex-targeted abortions and infanticide? Calling it "population control" euphemizes away the horrible human cost of the enforcement methods and the collateral damage. I'd agree it's not the worst thing they've done so far, but given that they're actively committing genocide that's a pretty high bar. When encoding types for requests like this, I'm exactly as strict as I need to be: no more, no less. Any assumption about the shape of the data that my code will make is encoded in the parser, but the parser is very generous with everything else. For example, if a request has a field I didn't expect, that's not an error, I simply ignore that field because I obviously didn't need it. Likewise if requests start using a more specific schema, such as now sending only positive integers. If, however, the schema changes such that a field I rely on is dropped or changes type, my code will eventually fail anyway as soon as it makes an assumption about the data. Why not fail at the point of entry instead of saving it for later? He was communicating poorly, but I don't read that as him stating Google's official stance on Matomo. I read it as him saying "those links are not allowed because our link scanner says so, and that's all I know." I hope we haven't yet gotten to the point where people will mindlessly click "Yes!" when a random website asks for webcam access. Can you provide more details about how this works? I'm stuck with Zoom meetings that I feel are long and ineffective, but I'm not sure how to sell my manager on eliminating them. Do you have a citation for "object-based" as a separate paradigm? The oldest reference I can find to that term is in the C2 Wiki, where it describes not a paradigm, but a pattern for approximating OO (including inheritance) in a procedural language without OO features[0]: > Programming using [abstract data types] is also known as object-based programming. Even though ADTs do not directly support inheritance and polymorphism, these concepts can be layered on top of a ADT implementation with some minor effort. In other words all important OOP concepts can be implemented in OBP. [0] https://wiki.c2.com/?WhyObjectBasedProgramming Where do we see prototypal inheritance in nature? I can think of lots of examples of composition, but none of prototypes. The closest I can think of would be DNA, but even that would be better modeled as composition in my mind. From what I can tell, most operating systems will now ping their own version of neverssl as you connect to a network to find out whether they need to show you a login prompt. It looks like they basically just check to see if they get the content they expect from a domain they own, and if not they serve you that page so you can see whatever it is your network injected. (You can usually see the OS domain in the address bar.) For some elements, yes. Many others have certain attributes that are completely unstylable, a lot of browser-specific attributes and selectors (not just prefixed attributes but also whole pseudoclasses), or both. Yes, but at some point advertisers have to realize that people who use reader mode don't actually see the ads. The ads might load, but the user is just staring at the reader mode button waiting for it to turn on. Thanks. I was reaching for an example but don't have a guest WiFi nearby to test. The threshold is 30 hours on average in a given month [0]. So, presumably, if you work 31 hours one week they'd make you work 28 the next to avoid you being labeled full-time. [0] https://www.irs.gov/affordable-care-act/employers/identifyin... That seems to be exactly how the market is working. Maybe you got used to paying more for your food, but we just stopped eating out. A restaurant meal without shipping costs is just barely cheap enough for us to justify. Adding the cost of a delivery makes it not worth it to us. > The mechanism by which the cells are copied does involve DNA, but it and the proteins involved are an implementation detail. Well, yes, anything inside the cell is, when modeled as an object, an implementation detail. External behavior is all that matters. What always strikes me funny about prototypal inheritance is that it seems like a special case of composition, one that just happens to do all the necessary delegation for you. In the case of the cell, I can model mitosis by having the two cells name their parent as the prototype, or I can define in the code that they're composed of the same stuff and delegate method calls the same way. The end result is the same, but composition is more flexible. In JavaScript, prototypes have less boilerplate, but it's possible to have a language that eliminates most of the boilerplate for delegation as well (see Kotlin's delegation feature [0]) What do I gain by using a prototype instead of composition with delegation? [0] https://kotlinlang.org/docs/delegation.html That hasn't happened on Android. Using a third party store (a la F-Droid) or side loading in Android is very much a niche feature used only by the relatively tech savvy. Why would iOS be different? This is a super important point. The "you're free to use a browser" argument would be very fair if I could tell my customers about that option, or charge 33% more for the iOS version, or simply not have a way to pay through the app. The new additional transaction fee for Stripe Billing is awkward. They charge an extra 0.5%, which is fine, but it always comes out as a separate transaction instead of being added on top of their regular transaction fee. Sometimes it gets withdrawn from your balance after they've already deposited your earnings, leading them to make a withdrawal from the bank. Not a huge deal, and I still love Stripe! > When converted to the value of one US dollar in 2020, goods and services that cost one dollar in 1700 would cost just over 63 dollars in 2020, this means that one dollar in 1700 was worth approximately 63 times more than it is today. Does anyone know what they mean by saying that the U.S. Dollar was worth X in 1700 (much less 1635) when it didn't even exist until 1792? Are they implicitly converting to the Spanish Dollar, or are they just saying that this is what the dollar would be worth if it were around back then? If the latter, how would you go about calculating this? They attribute the data before 1913 to Dr. Robert Sahr of Oregon State, but I can only find him going back to 1774 [0]. [0] https://liberalarts.oregonstate.edu/spp/polisci/research/inf... Yes, I read that. That explains how to use the graph, but not how they arrived at the numbers on the graph. What methodology did they use to compare prices for goods in U.S. Dollars in 1913 with prices for goods in Spanish Dollars (or pounds sterling, or whatever) in 1635 to come up with an index? This is one of the things I dislike about statista.com. By putting their sources behind a paywall, they create a bunch of graphs that people can throw around the internet, but hide the context necessary to properly interpret them. The misinformation potential is huge. What has me wanting to stick with postgres is that I work on a small team (two developers) and adding more technologies to our stack is extra overhead that's hard to justify. At our peak we're currently handling one request per second, and postgres for a queue is more than sufficient for that. Is there any good reason for us to add, learn, and maintain a technology neither of us yet knows? Or would we do just as well to abstract away the queue in the code so that we can switch to redis when we do run into scaling problems? Isn't migrating a queue super simple? Have a window in which you only add to the new system and you listen to both. When the old queue is empty, delete it. If you need to keep track of old data, then yes, migration is hard. But queues don't save old data—that's the point of a queue. Or maybe GP is someone who has worked on projects from their infancy. If your queue will be handling less than a request per second for the foreseeable future, why not just use the technologies already in your stack and plan a migration path now? What do I gain from adding Redis (and thereby making my system even more distributed, with all the hazards that carries) if my project isn't even guaranteed to make it to 10 rps before going bankrupt? Postgres has LISTEN/NOTIFY for this. Why on earth would you make a queue table with a non-serial primary key? What benefit do you gain from a UUID here? The worst part for the family is that the media can label their father a rapist and murderer without him actually having been convicted. The police have strong evidence, from the sound of it, but with a living person the news media wouldn't be allowed to go around saying unequivocally "he's the guy" without a guilty verdict. The upshot is that even if there's been a mistake , this man's name will never be cleared, and his family will just have to live with this. Yes, the publishing of the details is what gets to me. Throughout the article they treat the case as solved and the man as the guilty party, which they would never do to a living person before a verdict. To thousands of NPR readers, this man is not only the prime suspect but also the guilty party, in spite of the fact that charges will never be filed and guilt or innocence will never be formally determined. Eschatology doesn't just have to do with the end times. It is "concerned with death, judgment, and the final destiny of the soul". Hinduism and Buddhism clearly address this. Confucianism and Shinto may be exceptions, and of course there are plenty others that I'm not familiar with, but eschatology is far from being only a preoccupation of Western religions. It doesn't completely change the meaning, it drops a subset of the meaning. Eschatology encompasses both types of ends. The OP seemed under the impression it only involved the end of the universe/world. What semantic tagging does markdown miss? It doesn't need to be a different kind of graph, it just needs to use consistent axes. It's very weird to have the left and right labels be different when the units are the same. It'd be one thing if it were two different quantities being measured, but we're explicitly meant to be comparing Freenode to Libera.chat, so they should really be plotted on the same axis. It seems like you might be mixing up cause and effect. I'd assume that the Bay area is the country's lowest fertility Metro precisely because it's filled with ambitious people. You're assuming that the author was writing with mathematical precision. Dictionaries rarely are. Here's an alternative definition from Merriam Webster: > a belief concerning death, the end of the world, or the ultimate destiny of humankind Only if everyone takes the same third day off. There's no reason why that should be the case. I don't see OP claiming that this is new, just that it's dangerous. He gives a (positive) example from the abolitionist era. Given the context (an essay for an IB class taken in High School), the essay is very impressive. Yes, Kubernetes/ECS/whatever solve similar resiliency problems, but that also means that Erlang's supervision trees could be used as a substitute for Kubernetes in many cases. Having your language runtime take care of what would otherwise involve a lot of external configuration is a plus for many people. Is NIV public domain? I was just looking for a free Kindle version the other day and my understanding is that it's still copyrighted by Zondervan. Edit: it's definitely still copyrighted, and they're explicit that using the translation in full requires a license [0]. [0] https://www.zondervan.com/about-us/permissions/ Ah, okay, got it! > Web standards (JSON-LD, microdata, RDFa) are inefficient, since you have to download the entire HTML to find a particular piece of data like a phone number. You might have picked a bad demo project to show off the efficiency of NUM. It takes me 58 requests and (on my very fast connection) 5.3 seconds to download all the information for Barclays. Downloading a JSON blob with all the data for Barclays, parsing it, and displaying it, would take a fraction of the time. Sure, NUM might be great if you knew ahead of time exactly which DNS record the user would need, but most cases where something like this would be helpful I'd rather see a complete list of all contact information so I can make the correct choice given all the options. Are there use cases you've thought of where the application would know exactly which DNS record to load and display, rather than displaying an index the way you do with companydirectory.uk? It would be pretty trivial to paste without formatting but still auto-parse links. Many apps do the link parsing on the client side, so it's not a formatting concern at all. Yep, this would be a good reason to keep it. You could probably get around this by using a separate MIME type for your app's content. If that type is present, use it, otherwise default to no formatting. I'm not sure how intuitive that would be for users, though, having different defaults depending on where the data is coming from. The 5.3 second figure is the time from the start of the first API call to the completion of the final API call, as shown in Firefox's Network tab. This argument is common, but I've never understood how a dynamically typed language is supposed to avoid coupling algorithms to data structures. When using a data structure, I know what set of fields I expect it to have. In TypeScript, I can ask the compiler to check that my function's callers always provide data that meets my expectations. In JavaScript, I can check for these expectations at runtime or just let my function have undefined behavior. Either way, if my function's assumptions about the data's shape don't turn out to be correct, it will break, whether or not I use a dynamic language. It seems that most of the people who make this argument against static typing are actually arguing against violations of the Robustness Principle[0]: "be conservative in what you send, be liberal in what you accept". A statically typed function that is as generous as possible should be no more brittle against outside change than an equally-generous dynamically typed function. The main difference is that the statically typed function is explicit about what inputs it has well-defined behavior for. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle I think the bulk of the negative reaction in this thread wouldn't have happened if it didn't have the auto-send feature at all. It would also make it easier to build an iOS version. FWIW, I love the idea! Ignore the negativity. There's a lot of misunderstandings. That it was your default doesn't mean it was everyone's. OP's argument is that programmers should make it easy for someone else to change their code. It doesn't matter what your defaults were, it matters what the defaults of the next maintainer are. What makes you so sure that the value of experience tapers off? In most other industries I'm aware of, someone with 30 years' experience is absolutely better equipped than someone with 15, and absolutely gets paid more. Why would programming be different? Look a little closer. This is not a graphical programming language, but it's definitely not "plain text" either. Hopefully tools like this will finally pursuade companies that being able to do leetcode from memory is not a skill they need. He's neither the first person nor the last person to fail to live up to their own ideals. Jefferson was overly worried about the logistics, and he was definitely racist, but he also did believe that slavery was a moral abomination that should be abolished. And the problem with copilot is that you have no way of knowing. If it changes even a little bit of the code, it's basically ungoogleable but still potentially in violation. I'm not sold on the product, but it's important to note that GitHub Copilot was only trained on public repos, which means nothing should be out in the open that wasn't already made public by the authors.[0] > GitHub Copilot is powered by OpenAI Codex, a new AI system created by OpenAI. It has been trained on a selection of English language and source code from publicly available sources, including code in public repositories on GitHub. [0] https://copilot.github.com/ Googling a bit of the stylesheet suggests that it's stagit, a static page generator for git repos: https://codemadness.org/stagit.html Contrast these two pages, and you'll see it's a match: https://codemadness.org/git/bmf/log.html https://thelig.ht/code/block-tracing/log.html Once you put something on the internet, you should assume it still exists out there somewhere even after deleting it. Even before copilot, all credentials that end up in a repo needed to be changed. I'm not sure what's supposed to be different now. From their perspective, they weren't doing anything that abused their privileged position. Tabnine trained their model on open source code, much of which was probably hosted on GitHub. Why should GitHub have to ask permission if tabnine didn't? Whether training an ML model on code is fair use is still an open question, but I don't think GitHub is a greater villain here than anyone else doing the same thing (at least until they start using private repos). In fact, it would probably hurt their "fair use" argument to make a token effort to comply with more permissive licenses while failing to comply with the GPL. They're better off continuing to argue fair use. It looks like this utilizes Chrome's tab groups, which Firefox doesn't have. How disruptive depends on company culture. If the expectation is to respond immediately, it's no different than a physical interruption. On the other hand, I leave Slack notifications off and only use it through the browser. Usually, I only notice the tiny glowing favicon once I'm largely out of the zone anyway. > Julia has nothing to do with Lisp. From the article, quoting the makers of Julia: > We want a language that’s homoiconic, with true macros like Lisp, but with obvious, familiar mathematical notation like Matlab. In this case, the makers of the language clearly give a nod to Lisp as an inspiration, but even were that not the case, it's basically nonsense to say that any language "has nothing to do with lisp". Lisp has been a driving force in PL for a generation, and its influences are everywhere. It's a harder problem when the language is unopinionated. It's easy to bootstrap productivity when everyone is already on the same page about how you write code in this language. Whether it's "OO" or "pythonic", having clear opinions that are baked into the language and shared across the industry means anyone can become productive quickly in a new code base. The problem that lisp has is that its very expressivity means that most lisp programs are written in their own custom DSL. This is exactly what people love about it but makes knowledge transfer between organizations hard. Why would that be? If I'm leasing a vehicle, not only does the manufacturer need to earn back the cost of manufacturing plus some margin, they also need to earn back the cost of administrating a lease and the cost of selling the car again later (with depreciation). They're not going to cover those extra costs for free, they're going to pass them on to the consumer. So how can leasing a vehicle possibly work out in the consumer's favor? The article this thread is on is a strong counterexample to your assertion. You may very well end up on the hook for a repair that isn't covered by the warranty. Why is it bad faith? The article is about a guy who leased a Tesla. But if all you're interested in is the slope and the second derivative (which seems to be the case here), why not just graph the slope? With a cumulative graph, reading the slope is hard and reading the second derivative is even more difficult. The only reason I can see to use a cumulative graph is if the total is actually what's interesting (for example, total covid vaccinations in arms over time). The total seems largely irrelevant in a discussion of hype cycles. > I think this is a case of straw-manning potentially legitimate complaints about Google's service by using the word "ethics" to skip the work of making an actual argument. I don't think that they're straw-manning, I think that they're simply not trying to persuade. The tool is meant for those who are already sold on privacy, and they didn't want to waste time that could have been spent explaining the tool. > For example, no one cares about screws, as long as they are machined according to spec, and torqued correctly during installation. The chance that a random screw to bring down a whole machine is close to zero. This sounds like people do care about screws. You identify two specific failure modes: they could be machined incorrectly, or they could be torqued incorrectly during installation. In either case, it is entirely possible that a single screw could cause the whole machine to fall apart (depending on which screw fails). Software is very similar. The smaller the function, the fewer things that could possibly go wrong (similar to a screw) but there's always the possibility that something goes wrong. Like screws, some functions won't do much harm if they're wrong, but some are keystones that, if they fail, will bring the whole thing down. Yep. I think we have a tendency to assume that our field is somehow unique, because we know it so intimately. "Everyone else has it simpler." The actual fact is that everyone else has it just as complicated, but we never see that complexity because it's not what we are experts in. > I just try to keep this simple. Coding uses symbolic representation to describe a model - this is what language is. Compilers do / can do things that simply don't exist conceptually in Engineering. > Coder manipulate symbols. It really is a language thing. What is conceptually different here between software engineering and civil or mechanical engineering? Engineers use symbolic representations (math, diagrams, computer models, etc.) to describe a model of what will eventually be manufactured or built in the real world. They're typically not the people who actually build the thing, they're the ones who describe it in sufficient detail that someone else can build it. This is as much a language problem as it is in software. The designs need to be readable by the entire team of engineers as well as the people who will make the design real. The primary difference I see is that in software engineering, the "someone else" who will build the thing is a computer program called a compiler rather than a factory worker or a construction crew. "Vendor lock-in" implies that by choosing GitHub flavored markdown apps are somehow beholden to GitHub. Plenty of independent markdown parsers support GFM. Using GitHub flavored markdown is no more "locked in" than using the Airbnb style guide for JS is. It's just a convenient shorthand for "here are the conventions we use". On HN, if a comment is well-written and appears to be made in good faith but is (in my opinion) wrong, I neither upvote nor downvote, I reply. Downvoting a good-faith comment because you disagree with it does no one any favors. It creates a sense of persecution among those who disagree with you, while not actually providing any counter-argument for the benefit of the undecided. Leave the vote counts alone, make your own convincing argument. Below are the top few products that turn up in a Google search for "on-demand pay". None have the circle-focused branding that you copied from Wagestream, and none (except Payflow) are synonyms for Wagestream. A suggestion: you seem to recognize that it's too late to deny that you copied Wagestream's branding wholesale. Commenting repeatedly on this thread implicitly acknowledging the fact while not addressing it head on is not a good look. * https://www.dailypay.com/ * https://www.ceridian.com/products/dayforce/payroll/on-demand... * https://www.paylocity.com/our-products/payroll/on-demand-pay... In addition to the app screenshots mentioned by a sibling, look at the marketing materials. Many of the headers are a translation of Wagestream's headers, and the branding is all focused around circles in much the same way (most obviously in the app screenshots, but they both re-use the image of the circular slider in multiple places on the page). To top it off, Payflow is a (near) synonym for Wagestream. You're still missing OP's point: an employer needs people who can take assignments and do them. Deemphasizing the evidence of that skill in favor of evidence of ability to complete passion projects isn't necessarily a good move on a resume. For the record, I am someone who just likes building things. I totally get why building things on your own is more enjoyable. I just don't think that an employer really cares all that much about that. Gitmemory et al are awful. They've made me think seriously about the plausibility of building a custom search engine. From what I've heard, the biggest problem with building a general-purpose search engine seems to be the index—indexing the entire web requires data centers many times larger than most can afford, and deciding what is relevant in such an index requires excessive training data. But while working, I typically only want my search engines to search the same 200-odd sites (GitHub issues, Stack Overflow, MDN, language docs, high-quality technical blogs, etc.) It's too many to know which "site:" query to use, but it's a small enough set that it should be a manageable problem for an upstart search engine. It also seems like this is likely true in many domains. Taking on Google directly by trying to build a general purpose search engine seems to be a non-starter (most competitors just crib off of an existing player, and don't do much better). But a bunch of sharded search engines for specific domains could theoretically outperform Google/DDG/Bing within their respective domains , because the human using them has already narrowed the domain down dramatically. They wouldn't dethrone Google (general search is always going to be needed) but they could compete for a segment of traffic. I built myself a custom calculator 5 years ago for my Android phone. I've reinstalled it once in that time frame, and that only after switching phones. Other than that, it's just there when I need it, with 0 maintenance in 5 years. Were I to switch to an iPhone, I would have to either list my calculator on the app store (and pay the yearly developer fee) or have to remember every single week to "refresh" my app, otherwise it won't work the next time I need it. Android has side loading. iOS has the bare minimum concession to allow developers to build something at all, and even that has unnecessary friction built in explicitly so that people don't try to use it to sideload. Those are two different definitions of technical. When you accuse someone of "getting technical", it has a very specific meaning: It means that they're overemphasizing the dictionary definition at the cost of more practical considerations. That's exactly what's happening here, by calling what Apple allows on iPhone "sideloading". Yes, technically, you are able to get an app on your phone without going through the app store. But without a paid developer account, the fact that you have to reinstall weekly is intentionally designed to make that impractical for actual use. First, just to clear this up: I am not an Android fanboy, and not an iOS hater. My wife has an iPhone and an iPad and they are great for her use case, and I have a lot of respect for the consistency of the experience on an iPhone. I reluctantly have an Android phone because it's the only thing out there that meets my needs at the moment, but I'm under no illusions as to its flaws. On to the question of side loading: technically, Apple does provide a way to load code not from the app store. Some might call that side loading. However, when most people say that they want to be able to side load apps on their phone, they expect that their apps will function as first-class citizens. Apple's version of side loading is more like a very temporary work visa than a grant of citizenship, which makes it structurally different than what is being asked for. > This is a lie. Or we have entirely different definitions for what silent means. Maybe lead with the second sentence and drop the first? "This is a lie" is a pretty strong reaction to what you immediately acknowledge is likely just a difference in preference. Top comment right now points out that Matrix doesn't require copyright assignment, which means they have to get permission from every contributor or rewrite the code in order to relicense. > If you weren't wrong... well, there are trolls on the internet everywhere, you just learn to ignore them. Until you end up being the target of an internet mob bent on harassing you and everyone associated with you until someone breaks. This is probably a lot rarer than headlines make it seem, but I share OP's anxiety about blogging about anything even tangentially related to politics. Another comment suggests that Google is just cross-posting your starred Maps locations to Bookmarks, not that your starred locations are part of Bookmarks. > A lot of us are making a living mapping real world problems into software solutions. If that mapping is messed up (and it always is to some degree) then the formal correctness of the type system doesn't matter at all. If I'm understanding you correctly, you're saying statically typed language can't protect against design flaws, only implementation flaws. But implementation flaws are common, and statically typed languages do help to avoid those. Kotick settled a lawsuit about a 2007 incident (before the Blizzard merger) where he allowed ongoing sexual harassment of a flight attendant on his private jet, then fired her when she complained about it. He has a history, and it's reasonable to suspect that he is a primary source of the rot. Brack is obviously not innocent, but that he's the only one being ousted does suggest that Kotick is trying to lay all the blame on him. https://kotaku.com/activision-boss-loses-legal-battle-over-s... > Is it really junk or are we lacking in time/money/tribal knowledge to understand how it deeply works? I think OP was talking not about code quality but code value. A lot of legacy systems are maintained simply because we don't know for sure that there's not something that relies on them, or that they won't be needed later. The expert wants to discard them, but everyone else insists on keeping them around just in case. That adds burden on the expert. > You're getting everything as a string from the browser This may be one of the differences of requirements that causes disagreement here. I can see how this might work if your app: * Loads data from the client * Later displays that data, unchanged, to the client In that case, treating everything as a string is great , because you never need to use it as anything else. In my case, I've never actually worked on an app that didn't need to do more than just display the data at some point . In those cases, I don't want to get everything as a string from the browser. My data is often not merely a string, and treating it as such means I have to deal with stupid questions like whether "0" == 0 == "null". In my work, I have spent many, many hours repairing issues that could have been avoided if the client and server were both statically typed (and on the flip side, in services that are statically typed, rarely run into those same problems). I'm sure that this can be remedied by just "doing it better", but I'd rather operate from a foundation where doing it right is easier than doing it wrong. Instead of strings, I want my apps to have a statically typed contract between the client and the server that specifies what endpoints are available and the data structures they accept and return. Ideally this is in a shared class/type definition file, but two definitions kept in sync can work as well if they don't share a language. The common argument against statically typing your network requests at each end is that you're not resilient against unexpected values and/or version differences, but: a) It's trivial to tell any JSON parser to ignore unknown values, so adding new optional fields to the request is never a problem. b) If your app ever uses the data received from the client, version differences will eventually break your dynamic code, too. You'll just only be told so at runtime, potentially only after loading the bad data from the db. If you ever use your app's data for anything other than rendering a template, you have to make breaking changes to your data structures very carefully, and using a strong layer of static types on both client and server helps to ensure that you consider all the breaking changes and either avoid them altogether or somehow mitigate them. The advantage TypeScript has for front-end over something that compiles to JS is that you pretty much know what your code will compile to: with a few exceptions, you just strip out the type annotations. Knowing this, you can accurately predict things like performance. In contrast, a compiles-to-JS language can produce code that behaves unexpectedly in its non-functional requirements, and in the worst cases crashes where it shouldn't. That will be less of an issue as compilers get better, and WASM should help a lot, but in the current ecosystem TypeScript produces more predictably good results. > I contend there is no such thing as "weakly-typed" because it suggests it exists in opposition to strongly-typed systems - but instead I feel "weakly-typing" should be considered the absence of type-correctness checking by either the compiler nor the runtime This doesn't feel like a very useful definition. What languages would fall under the category of "weakly typed" by your definition? I can only think of C, and even that is only true for a subset of the language (when you're messing about with pointers). > Remember that implicit conversions should never (ostensibly) throw any exception or cause any errors because implicit conversion should always succeed because it should only be used to represent an obvious and safe narrowing-conversion. > const fun = (x, y) => (x + y) / y > fun(1, 2) 1.5 > fun("1", 2) 6 No exception? Yes. No error? Nope, implicit conversion absolutely just caused an error. If I got that "1" from an input field and forgot to cast it to an int, I want to be told at the soonest possible juncture, I don't want to rely on me noticing that the result doesn't look right. As it is, "weak" feels like a good word for the types here. They don't hold their form well. In additional to what others have mentioned (OCaml has OOP), Kotlin is very good. It's not as expressive as ML-family languages, but sealed classes + null safety + type inference makes for a very fluid, almost dynamic programming experience that still has strong guarantees. I guess that's true if you're dealing with an SPA. If your logic is primarily on the client, then the server doesn't benefit much from types. If your logic is primarily on the server, then your client doesn't. If it's a balance, then both do. One big one is distributed computing: for example, an app that can create To Do items offline and periodically syncs with a server. If you have your To Do items identified by an incrementing integer, you have to come up with some other unique identifier to use for To Do items that have yet to be synced with the server's database (since you can't know which ID to use next). On the other hand, if you use UUIDs, your app can just create a new UUID for the To Do item, which will continue to be its ID for subsequent updates. > So what if you want to make some changes that mandates breaking compatibility? > Well you simply release a new library or framework under a new name. I don't think that's necessary. If you use the model you propose (BREAKING.FEATURES.BUGS) and steer very clear of breaking changes until absolutely necessary, then "Framework 2" becomes in a very real sense a new product while still conveying continuity of development team, ideas, etc. I think of Vue 3, Python 3, Bootstrap 5, or Fontawesome 6. No one would make the mistake of thinking they could just update the version number and be on their merry way. They're treated as "new dependencies", in effect, but re-using the name makes it still obvious that it's the same team and philosophy behind the new language/framework. One aspect of each of the projects I list above is the continued commitment to maintenance on the old versions, with security and bugfixes and with the old documentation still being available for years after the new version is out. This allows organizations to treat the new major version as a new dependency, with all the caution that entails, without fear of having the rug yanked out from under them. They have the right to do so, but that doesn't change the fact that it's a bad idea politically. It comes off as Elastic prioritizing their war with Amazon over the community, leaving room for Amazon to continue to position themselves as the community's ally. > I always get frustrated by how slow go-to-definition users are compared to those that just... Open the file in the tree that would logically contain that part. Maybe you're not frustrated with go-to-definition users so much as people who are inexperienced with their tool. I'm having a hard time imagining navigating a file tree being faster than control clicking on a function call or opening "find anywhere" and typing the name of a symbol. "Real-life programming language" or "practical programming language" assumes that there's only one acceptable set of trade-offs for all "real-life" or "practical" problems. I suspect that what you actually meant was "a programming language designed to create industrial-strength consumer or business software". As one of the maintainers has noted repeatedly on this thread, Pyret is a "real-life programming language" whose purpose is educational. Mathematica is a "real-life programming language" whose purpose is solving math equations. Performance isn't much of an issue in either case, so it's a perfectly acceptable trade-off. That these languages weren't designed with your use case in mind doesn't make them illegitimate or inferior languages. > Further, number of casualties is a perfectly fine argument for "who sacrificed the most," but not necessarily for who "won" the war. Exactly. It's possible to have that many casualties and then lose the war. All those casualty numbers tell us is that the war on the Eastern front was far more brutal than the war on the Western front, not how strategically important the victory on either front ended up being. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=28323688 Linking this here from the other thread, because the above comment cites the actual court documents, which clear up a lot of confusion I'm seeing on this thread. Apple's concession only applies to communications outside of the app using contact information obtained outside of the app . (Which, yes, was somehow disallowed before.) If your user signed up through the app? Tough luck. This "concession" only removes a rule that Apple know it never could have defended in court. The proposed plan for monetizing this relies on a misunderstanding (deliberately crafted by Apple) of the app store changes. If you obtain contact information from within the app, you can't use that information to steer monetization. Here's a quote from the new policy: > Developers cannot use information obtained within the app to target individual users outside of the app to use purchasing methods other than in-app purchase (such as sending an individual user an email about other purchasing methods after that individual signs up for an account within the app). Developers can send communications outside of the app to their user base about purchasing methods other than in-app purchase. https://github.com/beemdevelopment/Aegis/issues/701 Aegis does support importing from Google authenticator, it just doesn't make that very clear. You do it the same way you add any other code. The hard part for me was getting the QR code into scannable form. This issue explains one way, but you can also just take a picture of the phone with another device. Definitely not looking forward to the day of ad-supported ebooks. "Sponsored" paragraphs injected into the middle of a chapter? Or maybe flashy banner ads alongside? Sounds like a nightmare. Composition of microservices doesn't have to be untyped, it just almost always is in the current ecosystem. There's always an implicit contract in place between the services, and there's no reason that contract can't be encoded in types on both ends. (I agree in general that microservices aren't all they're cracked up to be, but lack of typing isn't an inherent flaw in the concept.) I have a hard time imagining that TCL would not have the same problem that PHP, Python and JavaScript have with types. If you're trying to add a string and a number, the language has to either throw an error or implicitly turn that into concatenation, propagating the string to more expressions that expected a number. At a cursory glance, it looks like TCL throws an error. In that case, I can't imagine writing any significant amount of TCL and not having reached a point where you have a runtime error that would have been prevented had you had a static type system. Am I missing something? Seconded, but just a note that if you're using ublock origin you can just block the sidebar with a content filter. I've blocked the sidebar and the comments section. The former has dramatically reduced the amount of time I spend on YouTube. The latter has dramatically reduced my exposure to the inanity of the YouTube comments section. Both are huge quality of life improvements. I live in a red state and my experience is the opposite. I suspect it might be that when your view is the majority in your area, you're more inclined to shut out opposing ideas as "fringe". It's the "I don't know anyone who voted ___" effect. That is exactly my experience of most Republicans in a red state. Every Trump talking point, every coronavirus conspiracy, it all gets eaten up. There are exceptions, to be sure, but a surprising number of otherwise thoughtful people accept it all unthinkingly. Geography is more than resources. Geography includes navigability, disease, and factors that would have encouraged and/or forced expansion. Further, that paragraph only mentions race as a problematic myth. I don't see it mixing up race and culture so much as pointing out that Europe didn't expand because Europeans are somehow better. I fail to see a problem with teaching that. But culture itself has a large geographical component to it. Human cultures do not evolve in isolation from their geography. Rather, geography shapes culture as it develops. Yes, geography is not the only factor in cultural development. There's a certain element of random chance, there's human agency, and then there are feedback loops. It's a super complex system. You're probably right that reducing it to geography is mistake. But I'd no sooner see a curriculum reduce something as complex as the history of industrialization to culture than to geography. Yes, over emphasizing geography would tend to teach an external locus of control. But overemphasizing culture gives students a misguided sense of cultural superiority, which, while better than racial superiority, is just as likely to lead to discrimination and misunderstanding. The discrimination would just be based on the language that someone speaks or the country that they come from rather than the color of their skin. Slightly more rational? Maybe. Just as devastating? Certainly. Correct, but that just shows why the American style is so confusing. That we have to have an exception for more meaningful punctuation marks just serves to confuse, and emphasizes just how bad the default is. Is it not the standard everywhere? All my links, on every page, are lighter when visited. I suppose some sites might override this, but I've rarely seen it. RSS is a standard API to subscribe to blogs. Maybe what you're suggesting is that more tools are needed to make RSS more accessible to lay people? The qualifications of these "historians" appear to be that one was a secondary school theater teacher and the other was a medical doctor. So... there's that. Also, as others have noted, this book is one giant conspiracy theory, and reads as such. Here's an excerpt from the introduction: > No one outside the favored few knew of the society's existence. Members understood that the reality of power was much more important and effective than the appearance of power, because they belonged to a priveleged class that understood how decisions were made, how governments were controlled and policy influenced. Party-political allegiance was not a given prerequisite for members; loyalty to the cause of Empire was. They have been variously referred to obliquely in speeches and books as the "Money Power," the "Hidden power" or the "Deep State." All of these labels are pertinent. We, however, have called them, collectively, the "Secret Elite." The Kindle sample goes on to use that phrase "Secret Elite" 111 times. I actually think that this perception is what has caused most of the architectural overkill mentioned in this thread. People want something "actionable", so they extract the specific patterns. The most important part of DDD is the principles. It's a way of looking at the world and at problems, of seeing things first and foremost from the business perspective. How you apply those principles to achieve that perspective must vary dramatically from project to project, which means that the details of action are left to you to decide. The article argues, and I agree, that a university is free to not invite someone if they view them as controversial. Where the problem really is is that they invited him and then retracted the invitation in response to a mob. The retraction is what makes this problematic. EDIT: the other point that the article makes is that this professor's "controversial" views are held by upwards of 70% of the American public. The net result of applying this rule consistently would be that a strong majority of the American public cannot express their opinions on this subject because of a tiny vocal minority. In practice, what I've seen too often is that code that was duplicated but should have been factored out ends up evolving with people having forgotten that there were duplicates. Bug fixes that should have been implemented in all instances of the duplication only end up in a few of them. When you do go to factor that duplication out, you're stuck with 5 to 10 different versions that all have different bug fixes, and theoretically they all need all of them. On the other hand, if someone finds that one instance of the duplicated code really is different, they either turn it into a new function (the right answer) or add a new argument. Even if they take the wrong path by adding a new argument, it's easier to turn that one function into two functions than merge 5 to 10 different versions of what should have been the same code. In Kotlin, I use sealed classes as a substitute for union types, and that means for the most part they have no functions. So open source wins by writing code whose internal APIs change so rapidly that corporate forks maintained by full-time employees can't keep up, while somehow not confusing the heck out of the part-time open-source contributors. That... doesn't sound possible. It's harder to read than other methods, and it doesn't encode the URL parameters, which means it potentially produces an invalid URL, and in some cases could lead to security problems (similar to SQL injection). If I were designing this question I would probably use a real bug that we recently fixed. We'd already have a sense for how hard of a problem it was, and there's no worry about unpaid work. Is there a reason why you have to set your default engine in order to even try you.com? Requiring people to set you as the default search engine (much less install an extension!) to even try the thing is setting up a barrier to entry large enough to cause most people to nope out. I'd be surprised if your usage stats will improve by shutting down the top of the funnel so completely. Ubuntu is very stable and easy to get started with. I know there's some frustration with Canonical's direction, but it's still very much the distro I'd recommend to anyone who's just getting started. Everything more or less works out of the box for me (as much as it ever did with Windows), and Ubuntu still has the advantage of being the primary focus of most online documentation. If I were going to label a vial that held an extremely deadly but extinct-in-the-wild virus, I would label it in such a way that anyone who stumbled upon it would immediately know what they had so that they could take appropriate action. "Variola" just doesn't do that. For me, it's very similar to your golf clubs example: knowing that I'm right handed allows me to make an informed decision about what clubs to purchase. Knowing that I'm introverted allows me to make an informed decision about how to plan my free time. That someone is likely to provide biased sources when asked for them isn't a reason to just shrug and allow unsourced claims to go unchallenged. It doesn't matter whether or not djanogo could have found the bill on their own (from their edit, it looks like they did read it), the point is that it was irresponsible for the original poster to have made unsourced claims in such an inflamatory tone. If the sources they provide are biased and therefore suspect, that is a separate concern that can then be addressed. But having some source for your claims is table stakes for an intelligent discussion. There's a difference between trading commodities and using a currency whose value behaves like that of a commodity. In the former case you've willingly taken on risk of price fluctuations. In the latter, you're saddled with the risk while trying to conduct normal transactions. It depends a lot on what you're working on. If you are building a front end with PHP as your templating language, then yes, the ability to instantly see your changes is huge. In my experience, when working on back end, the difference isn't that significant because you really want to be using unit tests anyway, not constantly interacting with the front end to test your work. In those back end cases, having a strong type system makes a huge difference. I'm working on a project that has a legacy PHP code base and a new JVM code base. What kind of naturally happened is that we end up doing most of our front end work in PHP and all of our new backend work on the JVM. `init`, `self`, the comment syntax, `and`, `or`, and the import syntax are all pretty clearly python-inspired, to name a few. "Curly braces or no curly braces" is not the only syntax decision a language has to make. There's obviously a lot more inspiration from typescript, but they do list python second in the title, so that's fair. The average citizen doesn't need to craft casual theories, they need to be able to look at them critically. Yes, an introductory statistics course doesn't cover everything, but it's absolutely the 20% effort that gets 80% of the results. Most of the worst misinformation I've seen lately surrounding covid, vaccines, etc, would be solved if everyone had a basic understanding of introductory stats as currently taught. If we can get there, then we can talk about what we can do to improve things from there. As someone who's evaluating event sourcing for a real business use case, I really appreciated your article. I wish more people published their event sourcing war stories, rather than most resources being exclusively from consultants selling snake oil. I think the point OP is making is actually the same as what you conveyed in your article--several of the worst pain points you experienced aren't inherent to Event Sourcing, they're due to a particular implementation of Event Sourcing. The problem is that that implementation is pretty much the canonical one sold by Martin Fowler et al. I can think of a few specific ways in which event sourcing could be different than what you experienced: 1) Distributed computing is always hard. Event Sourcing is not a magical cure-all to distributed computing woes, but it's sold as that, and the result is that people go into a distributed event-driven architecture without being prepared for the engineering challenges that await. Eliminate distributed computing, and many problems simply go away. 2) Eventual consistency is always hard, but Event Sourcing doesn't inherently require eventual consistency, even for cached projections. If your projections are pure functions folded over the event stream, then caching and updating the materialized projections with strict consistency is straightforward. In the same transaction as inserting a new event, you run your projection function once on each of the materialized projections and the new event (`state = projection(oldState, event)`). This is only possible when you're not trying to create your projections in a distributed fashion, so see #1. 3) Language choice makes a big difference for reducing the cognitive overhead of updating projections. Your compiler should be able to tell you every place where you need to update a projection to account for a new event. Preferably, you should be able to define a hierarchy of events so that it only yells at you about places where the event is actually relevant. The consistent theme every time this comes up is that dealing with the sheer weight of the internet is almost impossible today. SEO spam is hard to fight and the index gets too heavy. However, I wonder if this is a sign that we're looking at the problem wrong. What if instead of even trying to index the entire web, we moved one step back towards the curated directories of the early web? Give users a search engine and indexer that they control and host. Allow them to "follow" domains (or any partial URLs, like subreddits) that they trust. Make it so that you can configure how many hops it is allowed to take from those trusted sources, similar to LinkedIn's levels of connections. If I'm hosting on my laptop, I might set it at 1 step removed, but if I've got an S3 bucket for my index I might go as far as 3 or 4 steps removed. There are further optimizations that you could do, such as having your instance not index Wikipedia or Stack Overflow or whatever (instead using the built-in search and aggregating results). I'm sure there are technical challenges I'm not thinking of, and this would absolutely be a tool that would best serve power users and programmers rather than average internet users. Such an engine wouldn't ever replace Google, but I'd think it would go a long way to making a better search engine for a single user's (or a certain subset of users') everyday web experience. Possibly, but I'm not convinced. Google's not exactly working against the echo chamber problem, and I think that's because to do so would be to work against its own reason for existing. There are two goals here that are fundamentally at odds with each other: 1) Finding what you're looking for. 2) Finding a new perspective on something. A search engine's job is to address the first challenge: finding something that the user is looking for. The search engine might end up serving both needs if they're looking for a new perspective on something, but if these two goals ever come into conflict with each other the search engine does (and I would argue it should ) choose the first goal. Failing to do so will just lead to people ignoring the results. What you describe in your original comment is that you write code at night with the intent of it being used by your company the next morning. I can't see how that doesn't "relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to the employer’s business". > I don't do that shit for everything I do. But only for the ideations that I know are great and think I am going to use later. "I thought I might need it later" does not constitute a legal defense if your employer comes after you for IP theft. IANAL, but I can't see what foundation your strategy rests on. That the code is generic does not change the fact that it was written by you to solve a problem that your employer had. This pretty unambiguously places it within the range of what your employer can claim as theirs, no matter how applicable it might be to other use cases. It'd be one thing if you had code that you'd written a few months back that turned out to be useful solving today's problem. But what you're describing is that your employer asks you to do something and then you go and open-source part or all of the solution without consulting them. If you are as indispensable as you say you are, the actually bulletproof approach to getting this code open sourced legally would be to use your influence to persuade your employer to officially open-source that code. > Nevertheless, I think we have our separate approaches and I think we can agree to disagree. That's not how the law works. You're either right that your solution works or you're wrong. I'm not a lawyer, but I'm warning you that you really need to talk to an attorney before assuming that this practice will keep you safe. I don't think it's them being cheap, I think they're reacting to a flood of questions. My very first question when I saw this was if logback was impacted. As soon as I found OP's comment, I could relax and eat breakfast. I didn't see prev and next buttons until a few weeks ago. It's possible that I was just blind, but I think that they and the "context" button are new. The first header after Introduction: > Todo List App > Adding React to your IHP project The first sentence of that section: > To access the JavaScript ecosystem we need to add NodeJS to our project. Both the header and this first sentence imply that this is an optional add-on, not a dependency. I can also speak from experience and tell you that there is no dependency on react. I've played around with IHP and in its default form the stack resembles Rails: Haskell renders HTML with forms, which submit data to the Haskell server via POST. No JavaScript required at all, much less React. If you haven't already found it, you should look into IHP ( https://ihp.digitallyinduced.com/ ). It aims to build the convenience of Rails on top of Haskell's powerful type system. I've not yet built anything serious in it, but I've been following its progress, and it's looking really good so far. But why are these even two separate libraries? Is it normal for different platforms to have different implementations of the standard library? I'd assumed that most of the library would have been written in Swift itself, which should theoretically make it be as platform-independent as Swift is. > It's a hedge against automation; it should push up the price of labor by reducing supply; and it just makes life significantly better for everyone. This wouldn't be a "hedge against automation", it would be a catalyst for further automation. You'll reach the point where the only sensible thing for a company to do is to automate. It may make life better for those who are still employable in a market where it's cheaper to pay a few engineers to design automation than to pay all the overtime you'd otherwise need to be shelling out. And in the long run (100 years out) we'll probably be better off for the automation. But in the short run intentionally making people harder to employ doesn't make any sense to me. I don't think they're proposing blocking numbers, I think they're proposing tracing the actual origin of the calls and blocking that. The number that shows up on caller ID is completely meaningless in the face of bad actors. Most calls I get have my local area code, sometimes even the same first 6 digits. You can't just block phone numbers because phone numbers are self-reported. Spammers will just keep switching. And it's not just large companies that slow down, either. I work for a very small organization (three developers) that's been around for 10 years. We'd love to spend more time building new stuff, but we've got 10 years' worth of old code to support. We don't have bureaucracy getting in the way, but we still can't move as fast as new startups. What would it mean to break up Tinder? How do you partition a company that only has one product? Ah, fair enough. I was thinking OP meant Tinder specifically, but at the very least OkCupid could be split out. Geographic partition is what we did to Bell, and that really doesn't seem to have helped much. If the only way to choose a competitor is to move, there's still really no competition. No one spent thousands of dollars moving across the country because the telephone company there was better. Not my experience. I've got several family members who are vigorously antivax. One was laid out by covid for a week plus lost a brother-in-law to it. Another persuaded her sister to avoid the vaccine and the sister is still on oxygen after spending weeks in the hospital with covid. Neither one has changed their tune at all. The difference is that state policies are so impactful in everyday life that people very much do choose where they're going to live based at least in part on state government decisions. The same cannot be said for most corporations you could conceivably split along the same lines. To be fair, you probably always want whitespace diffs turned on if reviewing Python, since indentation is meaningful. I don't think that enforcing an order of expressions would help at all with optimization, since it's just a syntactic requirement. You should end up with an equivalent abstract syntax tree, and as a result the same underlying machine code. I think they were saying "don't focus on retiring early thinking it will make you happy, because it won't" not "don't work at a FAANG". Very few people in east or west get anywhere based purely on their own "merit". We all build on the foundation that was left for us by our predecessors. Some of us were given a massive leg up. Others were born into families that have been systematically suppressed and intentionally prevented from making progress for generations . > Is your point to bring down those who have made it to the top on their own merit because you believe someone somewhere in their ancestry gave them a "massive leg up"? How do you prove that? And even if you can prove it, what is the fault of the person who was born into privilege? Do you mean to fault them for being born into it? No, no, and no. I'm not proposing that we should tear anyone down, nor that we should stop hiring qualified people on the grounds that they were privileged. I agree with you 100% that that would be unfair and counterproductive. What I'm arguing for is not a policy change, it's a paradigm shift. I believe that the first step to effecting real change in generational cycles of poverty is to acknowledge that generational cycles exist at all. Wealth does not simply flow to those who have merit--merit is in most (but not all) cases a product of wealth. It's a feedback loop. We cannot place full credit for success on the shoulders of the privileged without also placing full blame for failure on the shoulders of the downtrodden. To acknowledge and fix the generational cycles that keep people down, we have to first acknowledge and study the generational cycles that prop people up. Comparing strings is trivial, and would work out of the box with the format that they're using (YYMMDD###). The version is not structured as a number, it's structured as a string of digits that incidentally resembles a number. There are no operations that take two version numbers and return a new version number, so they are not numbers. Needs (2011): http://web.archive.org/web/20110321001950/https://www.temple... You're right, it could be much older. I thought 2011 seemed likely because that's the earliest the web archive has and that's the year that the new gTLD program really got rolling. However, it looks from some of his other content that he might have been referring to discussions that were started in 2000 and 2001: http://archive.icann.org/en/tlds/ If your HTML-generating code interfaces with a clearly-defined internal API, then your JSON API can be just a thin layer that authenticates the user and provides an HTTP front-end to your internal API. Essentially, your web "client" is now the HTML-generating server-side code instead of a JavaScript app. Other clients are unaffected and can work the same as they otherwise would. > Putting so much emphasis on variable naming, to take one common theme from Code Complete, Pragmatic Programmer, Clean Code, et al, makes a lot more sense coming out as a reaction against some of the worst excesses of Hungarian notation. I don't know about that. I just finished cleaning up a codebase where my predecessor named literally any response from any API call "tempJson", regardless of how many hundreds of subsequent lines ended up using it. Some of these "tempJson" variables would get passed to other functions with the parameter also being named "tempJson" or "json". It was nightmarish. I wish this programmer had read and applied the principles in The Pragmatic Programmer, but he hadn't. I suspect it's not that the context has changed such that the book is unnecessary, it's that most of us have forgotten that many of these principles aren't obvious to newcomers. I wouldn't lump The Pragmatic Programmer together with Clean Code. Bob Martin is notoriously dogmatic about just about everything he says. The Pragmatic Programmer, on the other hand, was the book that first exposed me to the idea that there are principles that are good in general, but it's also good to know when and how to violate them. Note that QuickBooks will now contribute to this data unless an employer explicitly opts out. I had to bring it to my employer's attention when they first rolled it out. Most small businesses that use QuickBooks won't have heard of it and will be contributing salary data by default. https://quickbooks.intuit.com/learn-support/en-us/help-artic... I read that the first time as "no data is shared with verifiers", rather than "no data is shared with Equifax", but on a closer reading I believe you're correct: the data stays with QuickBooks until Equifax receives a request and they forward that request to QuickBooks. So they're not shipping data to Equifax en masse. That somewhat mitigates the concerns of data being lost in another Equifax data breach assuming that Equifax only fulfills requests from verifiers that have received my express consent, and assuming that consent doesn't become mandatory for employment (which is the subject of the larger discussion on this thread). The web3 frontends appear to be in the same place that Chrome is: yes, technically you can always switch to another browser, but if Chrome decides to boycott a new feature, it will never exist as a practical matter. If Chrome blocks a website, it will be as though it doesn't exist for most people. That in theory it still does doesn't change anything. What makes OpenSea different than Chrome in this respect? But whatever you use would still be easier to implement using traditional tech than web3, because the problems they solve are orthogonal. Seriously. I hope one good thing that will come of this is an end to putting chips in things that don't need chips. The difference is that there aren't a finite number of pennies on this plate. Software can, by definition, be copied an infinite number of times. We're not upset at the guy for complaining about corporations. We're upset at him for pulling a stunt that may have hurt some large corporations, but mostly just caught a lot of small projects in the crossfire. If I own the title to a house, I can, among other things: * Live there * Remodel it * Landscape it * Rent it out * Etc. What, beyond selling it, can I do with my new NFT? What does it even mean to own it, if my right to copy is no greater or less than anyone else's? Yeah, there's another top level thread that helped me understand that a bit better: not all NFTs are art NFTs. Which is to say that I think the problem is less that NFTs are inherently worthless and more that the crypto community desperately needs to reclaim the brand from the speculators, if there's even anyone else left. For all the cool applications that there might be for blockchain, the only ones that seem to gain traction are the ones that involve highly speculative investment machines. NFTs have been no different, and it's this tendency that makes many people very uncomfortable with anything involving crypto. He did what he did knowing full well that people would end up downloading and running that code. By your same reasoning you could argue that websites distributing malware aren't pushing viruses to people, people are coming to them and pulling the virus onto their computer. Deleting it would have been less offensive because deleting it would simply have caused his code to stop executing on other people's machines altogether. What he did instead was execute malicious code (albeit a relatively benign malice) on the computers of people who previously trusted him. Deleting the package is within his rights. Modifying the package to be abusive may technically (legally) be within his rights but is certainly not ethical, and I'm not even convinced that it was legal. Had he modified the package to install a Bitcoin miner instead of just breaking apps, I suspect he'd be breaking the law, and it's not obvious to me that a DOS attack should be treated differently. > If he wants to delete what he owns he's in his rights and corporations better take note. Except for that he didn't just delete the code. He added malicious code that without warning broke applications at runtime , most likely disproportionately affecting small projects that lack rigorous dependency controls. Companies can change their revenue model, but they don't get a blank check to do anything they want. See Toyota's recent blow-up with the key fobs as a counterpoint to your argument. It's one thing to phase out support for an old product. It's quite another to yank out the rug from under people without warning, and companies don't get a pass on that anymore than this guy should. > We are setting the precedent that users can modify the code you've published under your own name, if they don't like what you've done with it. Not users of your code, platforms you distribute on, and that precedent has been rolling forward for a while now, it's not new. Even so, I don't approve of GitHub's ban, but that doesn't mean I have to endorse the author. > People are choosing to run his code, and choosing to update to whatever new code he publishes, regardless of the contents. This line of reasoning would suggest that the authors of malware that requires affirmative action to start running (download an exe, open a PDF, whatever) are clean and clear legally because the victim chose to run their code. How is this any different than a malicious EXE sitting on a server somewhere waiting to be downloaded? It can't just be that the victims in this case ought to have known better, because the victims in most cases of malware ought to have known better. Yes. Just like everyone who gets ransomware on their computers should see it as a clear wake-up call to improve their security practices. It doesn't mean we shouldn't also condemn the attack that prompted the wake-up call. Yes, it's a huge problem. But the author here is absolutely at fault for this attack. If I leave my garage door wide open all night and a bunch of stuff gets stolen, I'll kick myself for stupidity and vow not to do it again. I'll also call the police and hope they find the perpetrator, because there was a theft . It is true that we as a profession need to drastically rethink our approach to dependencies and also that this author acted unprofessionally and should be condemned for his actions. I'm all for not bending over backwards to support a 10-year-old browser, but 2 years is a really tight support window. It falls on Google and the website developers. It's up to Google to allow people to update their software. It's up to the website developers to recognize that the reality doesn't always match the ideal and to develop for the reality . Even so, I'd assume that a company that knowingly infringes on the GPL is much less likely to demand free support, lest they draw attention to their violation. So at the very least it should free maintainers from having to deal with bug reports/feature requests/entitled demands from corporate entities that refuse to give back. But 20% of $200k/yr is $40k/yr, while 20% of $100k/yr is $20k/yr. If you make twice as much while saving the same rate (i.e. cost of living goes up proportionally), you'll still end up saving twice as fast. Then move to a LCOL area, and you've got twice as much saved as the people who've lived there all their lives. That's a neat trick! I'm seeing this, too, in both Chrome and Firefox on Linux. Every single product launch on HN has someone pointing out some sort of naming collision. It gets old. This product is named Deta Cloud, not Delta Cloud, and in addition to that Apache Deltacloud is retired. Today's namespace is so crowded that all posts like this have convinced me of is that it's impossible not to collide with something. > You could very well have a proof of authority ... > ... by a further authority if keys ... As soon as your blockchain solution requires proof of authority, your trustless solution starts requiring trust in some form of central governance. At that point, what utility does your blockchain solution provide that the DMV database does not? The problem is that when a space becomes dominated by the insane people, it's the insane people who drive its future. Any hope for a sane web3 depended on the hype starting after there was an actual use case. As it stands, web3's Eternal September began before the foundations were even laid, and it's going to be very difficult to retrofit them. The analogy to basketball falls short because the narrative surrounding basketball is driven by the pro teams. It doesn't matter that there are millions more amateurs than there are pros because all the money and power lies with the pros. The pros dominate the space even while being a minority. In web3, the amateurs are the majority and control the narrative. The space is dominated by people who make promises they can't deliver on and found companies that disappear in a year. When those are the people who control the narrative, it's impossible for the sane folks to prevent them from sullying the field's reputation until no one else will touch it. You may not agree with the line, but it's not shoehorned in, it's what the article was written for. It's literally in the lede: > Over the centuries, Brunhild and Fredegund were dismissed and even parodied. But a new book shows how they outwitted their enemies like few in history > No, it wasn't. It was Github's corner of the internet and then it was Microsoft's. If he just wanted a place to publish his personal projects, he could have put them on a personal, self-hosted website. Exactly. Marak's defenders are quick to argue that he had every right to do what he did based on the repo's license. It's inconsistent to then blame GitHub for suspending him from their platform. Source? Everything I've ever read suggests that conversion is a complicated religious issue for Zoroastrianism and that the traditional answer is that conversion is not allowed. There is division and some groups do allow it, but I've never seen anyone claim that opposing conversion had anything to do with it being a condition for staying. Not if they can't figure out how to install it or use it. > most families/individuals just don't give a fuck about security nearly enough to pay a monthly fee for a password manager It's more than that, most families that do care about security don't need features beyond what is built into iOS/Android. When I encouraged my wife to start using randomized passwords, I didn't even have to help her get set up. She already knew how to use Apple's password manager, so she just started using it. No setup, no additional monthly fee, just a quick decision to start using it. When we need to share a password, we just read it off to each other and put it in our respective password managers. There aren't really any features in a paid password manager that we miss. I'd summarize most of their guidelines here as: " Don't try to game the system, it doesn't work on HN. Honest engagement and thoughtful replies win out." Somehow I doubt a fraudulent company on the verge of an exit scam would spend $700 million to rename an arena right before pulling the plug. Incompetent? Probably. Fraudulent? Unlikely. https://www.latimes.com/business/story/2021-11-16/crypto-sta... What OP was referring to was a take-the-money-and-run plan where the company knows ahead of time that the whole thing is going to explode and causes it to on purpose. My understanding is that Enron's leaders were caught in fraud and that led to the collapse of the company—they weren't planning on it collapsing, so the investment actually made sense in that case. > And that's a reasonable decision for an adult to make, and if they were targeting an adult developer community. If it's a reasonable decision for an adult to make because the trade-offs might be worth it, doesn't that mean that it would also be reasonable for a child to make the same decision for the same reason? It's either exploitative or it isn't, the age of the developer doesn't alter the trade-offs involved. > The "gateway drug" argument is that any amount of cannabis is sufficient for becoming a skin-popping fentanyl junkie That's an extreme, and not representative of what most people mean when they say "gateway drug". My understanding of the gateway drug argument is this: someone who starts with a seemingly-innocuous mind-altering substance is more likely to end up wanting more and going for harder stuff than someone who has never used any drugs at all. By normalizing the light drug, some percentage of the new users will end up addicted to hard drugs that wouldn't have otherwise. I'm not familiar enough with the evidence to have an opinion on the accuracy of this argument, but it's not helpful to take the most idiotic framing of it and attack it, even if it is the framing with the greatest meme value. Seconded on the Sunbeam! We inherited my father-in-law's when he moved across the country. He inherited it from his parents. It's been in constant use for at least 60 years (I'm not sure when his parents got it), and is now making perfect toast for a fourth generation. It probably depends a lot on where you're at in your career, but it's pretty obvious that the blog resonates with a lot of people here. For many it probably resonates better than the struggles of a bootcamp grad. It's not really fair to belittle stories like this with a "you know nothing of pain" mentality. Your startup founders and bootcamp attendees would sound similarly sheltered if set against stories of starving children in Africa. Should we all refrain from talking about our pains because someone else's pains are worse? Humans struggle everywhere, with different things, and it's helpful for us to learn from people who've been through similar. The large companies don't need tens of thousands of system architects. They need tens of thousands of coders who can do what they're told on small parts of a system without fussing too much about the bigger picture. I think that's what OP is referring to—leetcode filters for young developers who don't need to understand all the reasons why they're doing what they're doing. > more solitary individuals will regret not being more socially active and having fun It's bizarre to me that some people think the opposite of "drinking alcohol" is "being solitary and having no fun". It seems like a lot of people have leaned on alcohol for so long that they've actually become convinced it's the only way. How about rather instead of suggesting OP lean on a different substance for finding meaning and enjoyment in their free time, we offer suggestions for what a substance-free weekend might look like? The OP is reacting to a study that made it to the front page a few days ago that found that no amount of alcohol was safe. I suspect that they're not trying to solve a drunkenness problem, they're trying to drop a substance that more and more studies are showing has negative effects in any quantity. EDIT: here's the link to the previous discussion as requested in a comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30009529 I don't work for an FAANG, so if someone who does comes along I'll defer to them. What I have gathered from those who do is that it's not that there's a shortage of problems to solve in the organization, it's that the bureaucracy is so thick that they couldn't solve extra problems even if they tried. From your references to "clients" I assume that you work as a consultant of some description. Obviously, no one brings in a consultant without having a lot for them to do. Additionally, few orgs bring in a consultant with the intention of them doing only what they're told. But if you're just one coder among tens of thousands, that's exactly what your organization expects of you. And that's what the people who tell these stories find so draining. This is the previous discussion they were referring to: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30009529 > We are the most fantastic machines in the known universe. We are electrical, we are chemical, we are mechanical, we are magical. Yes! I agree wholeheartedly. What the human mind and body can do is monumental and incredible. The depth and breadth of experience we are capable of is truly mystical. It is this very capacity for near-magical experience that has me very wary of casual use of mind-altering drugs of any sort. I look through the comments on this thread and am horrified by the number of people who think that the highest form of human socialization and relaxation is achieved only through an altered state of consciousness. That to really live, we have to take a substance that changes how we live. The sense seems to be not that the human mind is capable of incredible feats in its own right, but that the human mind is mostly a great conduit for externally-injected meaning and value. It is this perception that concerns me. As others have said, static site generators are super easy to set up, and for a blog you'd be able to do basically everything in Markdown. You can also very easily include Netlify CMS or similar for a GUI editor (which will make commits directly to your repo). I'd recommend at that point just using GitLab or GitHub pages as others have suggested, but if you do want to move completely off of other people's services, it's much simpler to set up nginx or Apache to serve static files than it is to safely host a WordPress instance. The trouble with WordPress is that it makes it too easy to set up and far too easy to install random plugins. People spin up a WordPress instance for their blog that they're totally going to use every day, install a bunch of plugins and a fancy theme, then within a few months have completely forgotten about it. Meanwhile, vulnerabilities are discovered in the plugins they installed. Maybe they're patched and maybe they're not, but either way their server doesn't get updated. Within a few months it's hacked, and the ex-blogger probably doesn't know until they get an email from their hosting service complaining about malware being served from their blog. This is made worse by the fact that, since WordPress is everywhere, it's worth the time for bad actors to write scripts to exploit vulnerabilities in outdated versions of popular plugins. It doesn't matter how obscure your site is, if it's written in WordPress and not up-to-date, it's as good as hacked. Both of those terms are technical terms with specific meanings, and they're used correctly here. It's no more intended to scaremonger than when a medical journal uses fancy words for different body parts... it's just how cybersecurity people talk. Threat actor: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threat_actor Supply chain attack: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply_chain_attack Hugo or Jekyll should be super easy for anyone who's seriously considered hosting their own WordPress instance, like OP is. If setting up a static site generator is too difficult, they definitely shouldn't be running WordPress themselves. Netlify CMS is pretty easy to set up and has all of the basic features that you need for a simple blog. And again, I would never recommend a static site generator to someone who doesn't think of themselves as a computer person. The context in which this conversation started was someone who was seriously considering hosting their own WordPress instance. I dearly hope that they think of themselves as a computer person. That's a pretty good option, as long as your CMS is thoroughly firewalled and only accessible from your computer and Cloudflare. If you can reach the admin console from the wider internet then you haven't solved the real problem with WordPress, which is security not speed. Ironically, on my browser (Firefox Android), the dragons just teleport as soon as I tap them. Context matters. I recommended a static site generator to a very specific person. Here's the comment I initially replied to: > I have thought about moving my personal blog onto something that isn't someone else's service. But every time I think about running my own blog server, stories like this come along. So... yes. I was assuming that OP was going to both be the person running their personal blog and writing on it, and I was assuming that OP is pretty technically competent if they were seriously considering running their own blog server. Hugo, at least, has built-in syntax highlighting (both block and inline) and at a glance it looks like Jekyll does, too. Netlify CMS has zero-effort image posting (saves to your repo's static folder). I'll grant that it doesn't do automatic downsizing, though Netlify as a CDN does. I'd count all of those in the "easy for developers" category, as long as you're willing to read documentation. It's 1-2 lines of config for any one of those, and the config in question is at the very front of the doc pages. If you're unwilling to read documentation, then yes, you're probably better off sticking to Squarespace or WordPress.com Caching solves only the performance problem, which in my mind is the least compelling reason to go for static site. If your wp-admin routes are still accessible to the public internet, then you are still at risk for broken plugins causing a hack. You have to both cache all static directories and firewall the actual server if you want to avoid being hacked by one of the thousands of scripts that scans every IP address for WordPress plugin vulnerabilities. Yep. This was my experience with WordPress as an employee. The marketing team was very loud about needing admin access to the WordPress instance, installed a file manager plugin, and that file manager plugin was shortly used to start serving malware from our domain. Guess who got to clean it up? It wasn't the marketing team. Yes, it's a people problem, not a technical problem. But I arrived at the same solution to the people problem as OP: don't set up a WordPress instance for someone who isn't capable of maintaining security themselves. You're right, but point 3 means that even under United Steelworkers v. Weber the policy in the original question may be illegal. " Must be female" is an instruction to bar the non-minority completely from this position, so as another comment says it depends on if that bar on complete bars applies to individual positions or whole departments. > So, uh, it depends. Yep. I highly doubt we have enough info in the original question to give legal advice even if any of us were lawyers. We simply don't know enough about the company to know how the courts would see it. My advice to OP: consult a lawyer. The law is fuzzy, and we don't have enough information to give a good answer. They don't have to question your checked boxes to your face, they can just immediately reject you when it's obvious you're not what they're actually looking for. Yeah, this is why I think it would be irresponsible to comment on the legality of OP's org's policy. We simply don't have enough info about the wider picture. You can follow a link here to get full access to the paper (the HTML button): https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C45&q=Sex... ScienceDirect paywalls papers unless you arrive via Google Scholar. Edit: this only works if you're logged in to a Google account. They may not have realized that no one can read it. ScienceDirect silently lets you past the paywall if you arrive from Google Scholar. I imagine that HN strips query parameters, and even if it doesn't, the token is only usable by one person. You can access the full HTML by clicking the link here: https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C45&q=Sex... Edit: this only works if you're logged in to a Google account. You can access most ScienceDirect papers if you arrive via Google Scholar: https://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&as_sdt=0%2C45&q=Sex... Edit: this only works if you're logged in to a Google account. Oops, just checked, it only works if you're logged in to Google. Editing my post now. That may be. I also just learned that you need to be logged into a Google account. It's not a great solution anyway, a far cry from open access. But I feel like any hole in a research paywall should be public knowledge, however small and clunky it maybe. I shouldn't, but it appears that I do somehow. Bug of some kind? With a static site, the git repo is the main database and the stuff that's publicly accessible is the copy. I could seamlessly host it on three different providers at once (GitLab, Netlify, DigitalOcean) if I cared to, all mirroring my repo. I can't lose access to my repo unless GitLab decides to ban me and I simultaneously wipe my hard drive. This is very different from a typical VPS, where if I'm not conscientiously making backups my provider could pull the plug and wipe my data. In Judaism at least, and I'd assume the same translates to Islam, "impurity" is understood to mean "ritually impure". It doesn't necessarily mean there's a specific scientific reason to avoid the meat, just that God asked them not to partake. > Encrypted messaging has been a complete failure; there is no need to single out email. Can you elaborate on why you see it this way? WhatsApp has been wildly successful, my very non-technical in-laws use Signal for their family's conversations, and other messaging platforms are jumping on the bandwagon. As far as I can tell, if we lose encrypted messaging at this point, it will be due to government action or corporate rug-pulling, not because it failed to catch on. Whereas encrypted email really hasn't caught on anywhere.