I'm not a lawyer and I may be wrong but can't we use the patent vagueness against itself in a sort of "patent aikido" defense. It's seems like it would be trivially easy to release this source code given the way the patent is described. This source code does pattern matching for audio, sound and music. I looked at the patents in question. They only discuss this method for use with "audio files", "audio samples", "sounds", and "music". However the patent doesn't cover other types of waveforms with changing frequency and amplitude. With that in mind, couldn't you just change the language used to describe what you code does so that in now describes other types of waveforms that are NOT sound, music and audio? It seems to me that patent lawyers can either patent the implementation or they can patent the application of their implementation. Simply changing the application of the implementation you coded in a weekend would mean that the patents cited no longer apply to the code he wants to publish. Also, if these lawyers have never seen the code in question. How are they going to know you released it if it somehow gets released anonymously? David O. Sacks founded Yammer to solve the problem of excessive email between employees of the same company. Actually I did eaxctly what you suggested and contacted them to lower my rates. After escalating my inquiry all the way up to CEO Vikram Pandit, I learned that they do just change the rate to 29.99% for no reason. Here is the email I received today from a Citibank representative after sending an email to Vikram Pandit inquiring what I had done to cause my rates to go up. "Thank you for your recent email to Mr. Pandit. Since your inquiry is related to your Citi(r) Bronze(r) / AAdvantage(r) card ending in XXXX, he has asked that I respond on his behalf. Unfortunately, my recent attempts to contact you by telephone were unsuccessful. I certainly regret any inconvenience or difficulty you may have experienced in your attempts to request a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) through our Customer Service area. Our goal is to serve our customers by providing superior service and products. One of the best ways to achieve this goal is to receive feedback, both positive and negative, from our customers. As the quality of the service we provide our customers is of great importance to us, I have forwarded your comments to management for review. Our records indicate that in October 2009, your account was included in a Change in Terms to the Card Agreement, which proposed to increase your APR from Prime + 9.99%, currently 13.24% to Prime + 26.74%, currently 29.99%. We consider a number of factors when changing terms. In order to continue to provide consumers with access to credit, we need to operate under revised terms, which include an APR change. These changes are being made due to the fact that our cost of doing business continues to be impacted by the challenging market conditions. Based on this total picture, we establish what we believe is an appropriate price for our products. While we realize you are not satisfied with the new terms, we believe the new terms are consistent with the current market conditions. As explained in the notification sent to you, cardholders were provided with the opportunity to opt-out of the Change in Terms, which would have immediately closed your account but allowed you to pay any outstanding balance under the prior terms. Our records do not reflect receipt of your opt-out notification; therefore, the new terms became effective on your January 2010 billing statement." You should also check out this article on Business Insider: http://www.businessinsider.com/citi-customers-reach-out-to-u... Apparently this was done to "force" to close their accounts according to one former Citibank employee who commented on the article. How about Portuguese? Brazil is a country that is up and coming just like Russia, China and India, making it a good market to get involved with as it offers growth prospects and market opportunities. On top of that, it's a great country to visit and vacation in. Besides pricing, be sure to keep in mind some of the technical limitations with Google AppEngine. Here are two serious ones: 1) Last I checked there was still no naked domain support. So if you plan on defaulting to http://mystartup.com/ instead of http://www.mystartup.com/ , you might want to check if this is possible yet. 2) HTTPS support is limited to https://mystartup.appspot.com/ . You CANNOT use https://www.mystartup.com/ last time I check. This is due to a technical limitation in SSL certificates that I'm not sure was considered at the time that Google designed the AppEngine architecture. There are ways around this, but it's messy and inelegant. One of the great benefits of AppEngine is using it as a cache server, because if I remember correctly this is either free or really cheap. I forget the exact details of how we worked this out at my last startup, but it's worth looking into because using Google's global datacenters for caching is much much cheaper than paying for AWS bandwidth and you also get much lower latency times. dotBen, I will contact the devs I used to work with and ask them about that and let you know. As someone who looked into phpBB and managed a vBulletin installation for a company I worked at, I will say that yes there definitely is room. I was also one of the first couple hundred users and one of the early active participants in two forums that grew to thousands of users (head-fi.org, thewolfweb.com), so I've experienced first hand the primary problem of forum admins: growing the community and handling that growth Here are the problems with the current options: -- phpBB and vBulletin are self-hosted. The new platform needs to be SaaS. -- Both platforms suffer from feature bloat, especially vBulletin. Forums aren't just products, they are tools for managing communities. Whatever product is designed to replace phpBB and vBulletin needs to begin with the basic premise that the forum participants are the users and not the forum administrator. -- phpBB and vBulletin right out of the box come with too many useless features enabled. Most are features you don't need or that you don't need until the forum already has a large number of users. They complicate the forum in the early days and hinder growth. A forum is like a shark. If their isn't movement/activity it dies. -- One key mistake almost all first time admins make is making too many forum "rooms" too early in the game. A forum should start with no more than maybe two to three "rooms". The software shouldn't prevent you from making more, but it should advise you against creating more rooms when the "activity level per room" is still low. The company who builds this software should actually discover the ideal amount of activity per room level to promote growth via aggregate A/B testing across all its clients forums. -- In fact, this previous suggestion is the first in a long list of features that help "prevent new forum administrators from shooting themselves in the foot" kind of like a safety switch on a gun. -- The new forum needs to be designed first and foremost to help its admins grow the user base and help stimulate user participation. This is key. Most new forum administrators don't have a clue on how to do this. I would say that the startup that tackles this problem would need to try a Mint Blog approach, which the blog educates the product's users on the topic of community management. -- Were I the product manager for such a product, I would read Clay Shirky's "A group is its own worst enemy" several times before starting and regularly while designing the product. The idea in that essay is really important to understanding the state of forum software today and the problem you are trying to solve. Avatars are an example of a problem with forum software today. The avatars in both programs can be modified to be any size and can include animated gifs and whatnot. Basically, the avatar features are currently configuration over convention. On top of that the current defaults for avatars leads to a situation where avatars are so big that they create a lot of whitespace between responses that interrupt the feeling of the conversation threads. Allowing animated gifs results in distractions from the primary activity. -- Invite features - Last time I checked, none of the current forum softwares are designed for viral/social growth. -- Migration tools are necessary. You should make it easy for phpBB users and vBulletin users to migrate to your new forum platform. -- Social network integration - The software should be designed from day one to have an API and to integrate with Facebook, Twitter, etc. -- Constant email notifications by default to stimulate user participation just like Quora does. However this needs to be simpler to "dial down" as a user becomes more active as it eventually clogs up the email inbox of that user. Quora's control panel for this isn't very user friendly as it is very granular. A better approach would be to sort the types of notification emails by historical frequency from those that user has gotten the most of to those that the user has gotten few or none of. This makes the decision very easy for the user and promotes them to only turn off the notifications that are actually inconveniencing them. -- I can cite at least one example that demonstrates that this is a product missing in the market: Zendesk. Zendesk comes with forum features, not because forum features are a necessary feature of a helpdesk, but because companies that need help desks typically need forums and there was no company that Zendesk could plug into via API for plug'n'play forum support. The forum software in Zendesk is adequate for most users' needs, but it doesn't scale well because it was always designed to be bolt on to the helpdesk itself. -- I haven't used GetSatisfaction yet, but I would imagine that this is a shared issue with them as well. -- Forums basically have two personas: hobbyists and shared-interest communities (i.e. head-fi.org, stevehoffman.tv, thewolfweb.com, church groups, etc.) and companies. That all being said, I would say that an similar product that is also needed, especially inside companies, is QaaS. Quora as a Service. A lot of companies want a Quora type solution first and foremost than a forum. I would say that Zendesk needs a product like a Quora-as-a-Service instead of a forum. I'm currently working on my own startup right now, but if someone were to want to build this, I would be very happy to serve as an advisor/board member for a small stake of equity. This is a problem that I've given a LOT of thought to and that I would love to see someone solve. why? The video for the app isn't very informative. It explains the problem, but does little to show how this app is useful and how it solves the problem presented for over 2/3's of the video. You sir are awesome. I am in a similar situation and this information is very useful. Out of curiosity, assuming I follow your advice to settle my debts, how would I go back to the US and re-establish a life there. Would following the above advice constitute "bankruptcy" or would it simply result in negative comments on my credit rating? If it would just result in negative comments on my credit rating, how long would they stay there? Apart from securing a mortgage, car loan or credit cards, what other consequences would I suffer upon my return to the US? What would I be unable to do? Would it impact employment prospects? If the credit collection agency violates federal law by claiming that they have ties back to immigration, what recourse do I have to file a complaint against them? It's the 7th of September, Brazil's Independence Day. Hmmmm... Given by the replies of others, I'm wondering if Google is showing a different homepage here in Brazil. It may help if you at least let people know the problem you are trying to solve with your startup or at the very least the problem domain. The reason I say this is because a good co-founder needs to be passionate about the problem. They need to be really interested in solving it to contribute meaningfully and come up with innovative solutions. What about living in a different country? One of my friends lived on $100 a month in China. Out there your 10k should get you 8 years and 4 months of living in Beijing. You certainly could last much longer in the countryside. You can supplement your money by teaching English. also, if you teach English in China, you typically get 16 hours a week of classes. This will typically net you an apartment and between 3500-6000 Yuan per month (about $450 to $800). You may be able to negotiate to work fewer hours in exchange for less pay and achieve your 1 hour a day or so dedicated to "other activities", i.e teaching. I'm in the same position right now. I am working on a startup with a developer buddy, but I decided to take a bit longer to launch to learn how to code what we are building. I use a 17" MacBook Pro for coding with Divvy to manage the screen real estate. I keep a browser, TextMate and Terminal open. Occasionally I will have a PDF open as well if I am learning something from an eBook. I also have a 30" Cinema Display that I use, but more often than not the portability of the laptop and the fact that I need to rearrange my windows when connecting the 30" display often prevents me from switching over to it. I have found though that the 30" display works well for pair programming if you enlarge the text in Terminal and TextMate or if you lower the screen resolution to 1920x1200. I agree with the distractions part. If I need to focus, email is closed as is twitter. Growl doesn't help either. sorry to be pedantic, but the lower bulk won't absorb bumps and drops. It will however reduce the impulse, because the lower mass results in less force impulse = F * dT F = m * a I would say that there isn't really a "Django slant" when it comes to UX and interaction design. Good UX and interaction design is completely independent from the framework you choose to work with. It's about psychology and human behavior and completely independent of the language or framework chosen. On the other hand, your choice of Javascript framework will probably have an impact, since they determine what UI elements you have in your toolbox. I would check out sites like A List Apart, 52 weeks of UX, Smashing Magazine, Boxes and Arrows, NetTuts, etc. to learn about UX design. That being said, it is my understanding that Django generally requires more configuration on a lot of things than Rails does. As a learner, this means that you may be spending more time on configuring Django for your app that may be better spent learning and applying UX concepts. Most UX happens at the HTML, CSS and Javascript layers of your program. On the other hand, I've heard more advanced devs complain that the conventions in Rails sometimes gets in the way of doing something different and that this isn't a problem with Django. If you already know Python, by all means stick with Django, however if you are learning the language at the same time as the framework, Ruby and Rails might be a better choice because of the company you will find yourself in. In my experience, I have also found that in general the RoR community is better with UX and UI, however I also get the impression that the Python community, at least in the US, is taking a lot more interest in excellent front-ends these days. It may be that the community in general is priding itself in UX or it may be that more startups are realizing that you can't have the Asylum run by the Inmates and are hiring full-time front-end developers from the beginning. Here's a list of UX Tweeps to follow: http://www.luminanze.com/resources/uxtweeps.html http://uxmovement.com/resources/4-best-design-pattern-librar... first of all let me just say ... it's about goddamn time they got their act together. 64-bit machines have been common for how long now? next let me say ... I hope HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript bury Flash quickly ... in a nice shallow grave. With IE6 dying, all that's left to bury is Flash. my man Pablo Picasso said it best: "Good artists copy, great artists steal." how are you going about shipping a glass container full of alcohol through the mail? When I visited the US recently to resolve some tax issues I tried to mail a bottle of Brazilian cachaça from NYC to a friend of mine in California. The US Postal Service, FedEx and UPS are refused to mail it except from one specific location prepared to mail glass bottles filled with liquid. On top of that they said that I need a liquor license to send beer through the mail. "The only thing worse than a pie chart is two pie charts." Edward Tufte You shouldn't use pie charts EVER, even if your client or customer requests them. Instead you should educate them why it's a terrible idea to ever use them and instead point them to the kind of chart they should be using, a bar chart. I find it kind of ridiculous that losses would need to exceed even $10,000 to be investigated. There's something wrong when a huge portion of our tax dollars goes into investigating, arresting and locking up non-violent offenders such as drug users and these cases involving theft are ignored. That was one of the only Mark Suster articles that I disagreed with. He made very valid points, but the truth is that since the IBM layoff of '93, there is no such thing as vertical loyalty anymore. The only loyalty that matters anymore is horizontal loyalty to your co-workers. Anyone can get the axe the moment a manager needs to meet quarterly or yearly earnings figures. Someone with a high amount of reciprocated horizontal loyalty can be of much greater value (and greater danger) to companies. When you hire someone with great horizontal loyalty, you get to tap into their entire network of former co-workers and they can literally build out an entire new department in your company overnight because they can bring with them all the right people. Unfortunately, this works both ways as these people can also take them all from you overnight as well. Does anyone know if there are any premade projects or gems for rails that include support for Twitter OAuth, Facebook OAuth, Opensocial OAuth and your own authorization system? This is why simple GNU/Linux based computers with open-source software should become the mandatory platform for schools. There's no reason that TI graphing calculators should be mandatory in this day and age There's no reason that you couldn't make a simple open-source web-app calculator that performs all the functions of that calculator. The TI-BAII+ is primitive in comparison to what is possible to program and create a web-gui. Heck they have even made their own iPhone/iPad version: http://itunes.apple.com/app/ba-ii-plus-tm-financial-calculat... No, and I will never install Silverlight to use a site that requires it. It's bad enough that Flash is prevalent. The last thing we need is for Silverlight to become popular. Any site that uses Silverlight better have a real good justification for using it over HTML5/CSS3/JS. Off to a great start so far. Here are my suggestions: -- Undo needs to allow you to undelete the last deleted message and allow you to undo a send for X seconds. -- GMail address book browser. I need to be able to easily browse and edit my contacts as well as add a new contact from the currently active message. -- Labels (yes, I know it's in the roadmap already). Especially and interface to rapidly add and remove labels like on Quora. -- Plain-text emails -- Mouseover/hover states for the menu buttons. -- Double-clicking for account preferences is not intuitive enough. -- Greater visual separation between read and unread messages. A little blue dot isn't sufficient. -- Ability to set how often is checks for new messages. Setting for 30 minutes helps eliminate distractions. -- It can be kept minimalist by only permitting certain actions via keyboard shortcuts. For example, there is no reason that bold and italics can't be made available via just CMD-B and CMD-I. Question: When I delete does it delete just that message or the whole thread like in web-based GMail? If it deletes the whole thread, how can I delete single messages out of a thread instead of the whole thread? If this progresses as I think it will, it looks like it will be worth buying. How much do you plan on charging for it? $19.99 is the sweet spot for me. You might want to use the Van Westendorp method to determine how to price it. Which community would you rather be part of? Anyone have the original job ad? I'm curious. This Star Wars quote seems appropriate here, especially given the hidden volume feature of TrueCrypt: Princess Leia: "The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers." I'm that founder learning how to code right now and I couldn't agree more with you. Been hacking away for a 1-2 months so far with a friend who is a developer. It's totally worth it. Best. Upgrade. Ever. I switched to a 120GB OWC Mercury Pro SSD in my MacBook Pro. The upgrade is impressive enough that I understand why some people end up ditching the optical drive entirely in their MacBook Pros. I honestly would not be surprised if we don't see the MacBook Pros lose the optical drive entirely in the next year or two. Steve is notorious for dumping dead technologies when the time is right and the CD/DVD is one of those. I haven't put a CD in my laptop since I bought it and the only time I ever use a DVD is to boot into the startup disk or watch a movie. The best decision that Apple could make at this point is to offer a MacBook Pro with either two SSDs, possibly in a RAID 1 configuration. Speed and security of data is now more valuable to the average consumer than the convenience of being able to read DVDs and CDs. The alternative would be to sell MacPros with one 60-120GB SSD drive to boot off and run applications from and a conventional HDD with 320GB+ to store stuff like photos, video and music on. If you are debating an upgrade to SSD, don't. Just buy one already. What do you mean by "how slow my programmers were?" Three possibilities: -- Possibly good or bad programmers, but slow as you imply -- Good programmers, taking their time to build the system properly by writing unit tests and functional tests -- Possibly good or bad programmers, but hindered by legacy code and/or a lack of tests for previous code Seriously!? The articles cites an "official" of the W3C and not the name of a person. Was it someone of important such as Ian Hickson or was it just some bureaucrat or intern? Who made these statements matters greatly and defines the line between news and non-news. This is complete non-news unless it was a person highly involved with defining or implementing the spec. The fact that the author cited Silverlight smells very fishy to me. This title and the entire article is just pure unadulterated linkbait. Here's my basic maxim: "Share as much as you can. Not as little as you must." What matters most is not what you share, but how you share it. For example, you can be transparent with bad news, but it's best to present that bad news as an opportunity or at worst a challenge to be overcome. An online reputation/credibility aggregator. Do the same for credibility that TransUnion, Experian and Equifax have done for financial credit. Aggregate the reputation of one user across many sites. Here are some examples of sites and reputation metrics to use: -- Hacker News upvotes/downvotes -- Quora upvotes/downvotes/followers/Endorsements -- Twitter followers/retweets -- Disqus Likes -- Facebook Likes -- LinkedIn Connections and Endorsements -- GitHub Followers -- Forrst Followers/Likes -- Dribbble Likes -- Etc. All the pieces are falling into place to establish an online credibility rating. Possibly even multiple credit ratings for difference dimensions like coding, graphic design, business advice, life advice, career advice, etc. Here's a possible use case of such data: Imagine a debate erupts between two users who claim to be authority. Maybe they are arguing on climate change. Each argues his side of the issue and makes claims. One has a high credibility rating of 720 and the other has a low credibility rating of 590. Others watching the debate can then take the credibility rating into account when considering which side to trust/support. That may not be the best example, but I honestly think such a credibility rating would have value and that we really won't understand the value of such a system until you put it out there and start seeing what others do with it. Social dog kenneling and dog walking. Basically AirBnB for dogs. Basically when you go out of town you can leave your dog with other users on the site who have dogs and vice versa. Every time you take in a dog of another user you earn karma points. When you kennel a dog with another user you spend karma points. Users get a certain number of karma points for free upon signing up, but once they've used them, they much take in the dogs of others to get more back. This site could also be used for dog walking as well. Maybe even bathing dogs could be included. The site would need a Terms of Use that limits the liability of those that participate and those running the site. Social Babysitting. A social network where parents fill out a profile of themselves and their child and the site tries to match up parents with children of similar ages and interests. The parents then can meet one another, check out each others homes and introduce the kids to each other to confirm compatibility. Once that is done, these mutually compatible parents can rely on each other to babysit each others kids when necessary. The site would keep track of karma points between parents. This would permit couples to have more alone time together without having to spend lots on babysitters. UserVoice for congressional districts as an alternative to lobbyists. The idea is to use technology to disrupt traditional lobbying to the point that it is more difficult for the bad lobbyists to have a negative impact. With the science of reputation and filtering systems getting better by the day, one solution might be a service that makes everyone a potential lobbyist. There are about 118,000 citizens per pair of ears in Washington according to Clay Johnson, author of the blog InfoVegan. The website I am suggesting would allow all 118,000 people an equal chance to voice their opinion. Those 118,000 opinions are then voted one by those same 118,000 people. The most upvoted items "float" to the top and get past the filter to the Congressman or Congresswoman's ears. If you also make it so that people can't link and vote for opinions directly, you remove the one major avenue used to game the system: one person with too much time or influence spreads the link to their idea to those likely to upvote it. Instead the system can be designed like a double-blind experiment. Ideas are stripped of names of people and organizations. The system randomly assigns ideas already submitted to be upvoted or downvoted to all participants. A participants ideas does not get submitted for voting by others until they have "bought" that right by voting on the ideas of others. Participants get a limited number of upvotes and downvotes to use, thus preventing them from giving out too many of one or the other and being forced to make a judgment call. Those are a few ideas, but there is no reason the mechanics of voting and reputation systems can't be used for this end. As I said above, this is a bit like UserVoice for government in that it allows users (citizens) to "lobby" the product managers (congressmen and congresswomen) for product feature requests and improvements. It would help us immensely if you tell us why 9 months and what you hope to be able to accomplish after 9 months. That will help us point you in the right direction. Barcalounger or Laz-e-boy are good options. I would also consider getting an iPad and using Instapaper to save all your reading for one big chunk of reading time. When reading time comes around get out of the office and go sit on a park bench or in a coffee shop. You can also deal with emails once a day the same way. To be honest, I don't think that would be all that hard if you use the bowling pin strategy (naming credit goes to Chris Dixon. Open up the system for only one congressional district at a time. Opening it up countrywide could kill it due to perceived inactivity. Instead you start with the congressional district where Silicon Valley is located. There's a lot of very smart people there, who typically have strong political views and are active about them. Those are prime early adopters. Those early adopters will also include many of the best and brightest tech and product minds who will give the best feedback early in the life of the product (just like with Quora, Forrst and Dribbble). Once it has a high level of adoption there, it should be making national news already. You then roll it out slowly over the most politically active congressional districts one by one until it's used all over the country. I would also choose strategic "trend setting" cities with high levels of political activism such as NYC, Boston, Chicago, etc. shortly after the congressional district where Silicon Valley is located. To be honest, I think one of the hottest spaces today is social sharing in the real world. There are so many possibilities it's mind-boggling. In this case and the dog one I posted below, you are sharing personal responsibilities. However, I think most of the potential is in sharing personal capital expenditures that are almost always at a low-level of utilization for most of the population. For example: -- Sharing cars/bikes -- Sharing toolboxes (in an apartment building for example) In fact, I think the apartment building is the perfect size unit of sharing for a lot of goods. The key challenge is developing the interfaces and mechanism that prevent the tragedy of the commons. Unfortunately I'm not working on this idea. I gave it and the others in this thread away to community because I'm currently working to make one of my ideas a reality and I already have a second one planned for when I'm done with this one. On top of that I'm not living in the United States right now. I plan to return one day, but at the moment I live in São Paulo, Brazil. By all means feel free to work on it, share it with others or whatever. I'd be more than happy to advise anyone who wants to work on it. I have way more time than ideas. New ideas appear daily. I wish I had as many skills as ideas. Can the person who downvoted this please explain why? I had an American programmer friend of mine that lived on $100 a month in Beijing. The university paid his rent. He was a teacher. 82%! Wow! Sensationalism at its finest. This title takes advantage of the fact that human beings are bad at processing percentages and most aren't familiar with Bayes Theorem. What are the natural frequencies involved? With the iPhone 3GS, did the glass on 100 out of 1,000 iPhones break and with the 4G, it is now 182 out of 1,000 iPhones that break? Or... With the iPhone 3GS, did the glass on 100 out of 1,000,000 iPhones break and with the 4G, it is now 182 out of 1,000,000 iPhones that break? As you can plainly see, without natural frequencies, this is clearly sensationalist linkbait. Getting started is the hardest part. After that you just need to pick up momentum. I completely agree. Companies change over time. The startup you founded with one or two other people eventually becomes a business. Now there are typically two ways of running a successful business: (1) culture; or (2) process. If you build a business with a very specific culture that you will love to work within as the company grows then great. However building a business is much easier than establishing a culture you want that grows with the business. Process is the alternative to culture as a route to long-term success and profitability. When you can't hire smart people that will maintain a company culture, you have to rely on process to scale. Even Warren Buffett once quipped, "I try to buy stock in businesses that are so wonderful that an idiot can run them. Because sooner or later, one will." Once you take you business down the path to process instead of culture, you are creating a monster that hopefully craps cash. Eventually that monster becomes so big and powerful that your position as a leader becomes a position as a process manager. Leaders lead people. Managers manage processes. Processes don't have room for vision. Leadership does. Once you have processes, you start looking for an exit strategy. Besides the issue of culture versus process, many entrepreneurs also enjoy the act of creation most. These entrepreneurs are like artists. Once they've created something, they desire to move on to the next piece once they are satisfied with their current piece. The different between the entrepreneur and the artist is that for the entrepreneur it may take months or years before they are satisfied with their current piece, whereas the artist may take days to weeks to months to finish a piece and move on to the next. Plus, deciding to move on to the next piece doesn't mean that you cannot stay on as an advisor to those who will continue to work on your previous pieces. There's one big problem with this app. The advice that girls give guys about how guys should behave/act with girls have about the same chance of being useful/correct as flipping a coin. Don't get me wrong, that means that 50% of the advice is useful, specifically advice like "pickup lines don't work". But other advice such as "be a nice guy," typically is downright wrong. I am aware that both of the above examples for and against the advice of girls could be picked apart as "straw man" arguments. I won't even say for sure if it's 50/50 chances or 60/40 chances of good advice to bad advice. I do know that the advice is bad advice often enough that guys should instead seek the advice of alpha males than girls themselves. It's like product management. Yes, of course you ask the user what they want, but you take whatever they say with a grain of salt, because rarely does a user know what they really want. Instead you should seek the advice of those product managers that are best at creating a product (i.e. men that are successful with the ladies) that the customers (i.e. women) love and can't get enough of. Girls often say they want one thing when they really want something entirely different. Their advice should always be treated as suspect, if only for the very truth that there are no universal likes and dislikes when it comes to women. As far as I can tell, it's the most fragmented market of buyers in the world. Github account or fake. Android or iPhone. Don't touch Windows 7. The media has completely fallen out of love with Microsoft, so by writing for Windows 7, you have a big strike against you if your app is the kind that would be eligible for media attention. clickable: http://hn-books.com On the other hand, you may end up with what they call a Kigyo Shudan, a type of horizontally diversified business group found in Japan. Such a corporate structure could be beneficial if there is a lot of synergy between the participating companies, especially synergies where individual companies can increase their value by strengthening business and technological links with each other. The Small Business Web is a group of companies that voluntary cooperate with each other for the greater good. Involved equity exchanges between companies should foster self-interested cooperation. However, I do echo Cubes' sentiment that any equity exchanges should not diversify founder risk so much that they rest on their laurels or focus on the relationships with others to the detriment of their own startup. Actually, this isn't a particularly novel idea. It's just that it hasn't been really applied to startups beyond FRC. Read about keiretsus in "The Machine that Changed the World" I agree. It is occasionally disruptive to the user experience. For pagination, this is a very minor inconvenience. However for topic threads such as this one, expiring links is irritating. I use it a lot and prefer it to "Ask HN:" HN is better for discussing third-party content. Quora is better for Questions since that is what is was designed for. The quality of both communities are comparable and I'm sure that many people on Quora use HN and vice versa. No 3G sim card support means instant fail. Seriously, this is a no-brainer feature. No 3G sim card support means instant fail. Seriously, this is a no-brainer feature. Why did this get downvoted? This is a machine meant for portability. Not everywhere has WiFi and when you take into account all the different wifi accounts (like boingo which is impossible to cancel), you end up paying a good portion of what could have been spent on 3G service. Also, not every country is like the US where wifi is ubiquitous. No. Just because I think this is fail doesn't mean I'm bearish on the stock. I'm as much of an Apple fanboy as anyone else (I use a MacBook Pro, Cinema Display, iPhone, etc. I've been using a MacBook Pro since 2003), but I'm not going to give them a free pass on a necessary feature in an ultra-portable laptop. As more and more devices come with 3G built-in, market forces would dictate that the supply side will change to meet this additional demand. One possibility is that more network will be built out so that people can have more than one 3G plan for the price of one 3G plan today. Thanks for the explanation. It's not really a netbook. It a full-fledged laptop, but minified. It has a good CPU, good GPU and plenty of disk space. No intelligent disgruntled developer is going to ditch OS X for Linux. OS X has 10-20x more userbase than all Linux distros combined. I'm not hating on Linux here, so don't downvote me for that. I'm just being realistic. Do they even have to get carrier permission to include a sim card slot for GSM systems? The only reason I can see them leaving this out is because unsuspecting users will end up with a horrible user experience when they get their first month's bill at the end of the month. Apple would have to create a user interface to protect users from themselves by blocking a lot of unnecessary inbound and outbound network access when on 3G and also showing them how much of their monthly bandwidth they have used so far. It's about time they sold something like that. I haven't used my optical drive for anything except the OS X installation and recovery disk. I'm assuming that this means that target disk mode now works with USB again. The only concern I see is pixel density. This is great for people like me with great eyesight, but I know my dad hates using my MacBook Pro 17" because I have the higher resolution screen option with greater pixel density. OS X needs to support pixel density independency for these screens to be usable for those with less than perfect eyesight. Plugging in a USB 3G Dongle all the time or carrying around a MiFi kind of defeats the purpose of having a laptop as small and portable as the Macbook Air, doesn't it? For me, anything that is constantly plugged into the USB is an inconvenience. That's why Bluetooth was invented. USB and Firewire are good for the occasional connection. The least they could do is treat the MacBook Air the same way they treat the iPad. They should offer two versions: one with 3G and one without. I may be remembering incorrectly, but I thought booting worked from USB, then Apple removed that option for some reason, probably technical, and now it looks like it came back. Interesting idea. They certainly could stick a lot more battery in there if they un-tapered it. With tethering you don't get "instant on" internet. You have to make sure your laptop is connected to the phone and that the phone is connected to the internet. The ideal solution is one where the laptop can connect to the internet as soon as you open the lid. That's about a 33% premium. Unfortunately you can't go elsewhere because the SSD industry is packing SSDs in a ridiculous 2.5" form factor. The industry needs to develop a standard size SSD for ultra-portables, especially one that Apple is likely to use in future devices. Good point. However, I don't recall Steve or any text on the Apple website that outright says that it is tapered for economics reasons. In this Stevenote and the previous Stevenotes where the MacBook Air was discussed it came across as if the the taper was there so they have another number to brag about when talking about thinness. That was my impression at least. Resolution independence really is going to become a necessary feature in the next year or so, especially given the pixel density on the iPhone 4. True. True. However something tells me Steve doesn't care what the carriers think or feel. I know I don't care what they think. In fact, putting more stress on the digital networks may give the carriers in the U.S. the ammunition they need to get the FCC to let them abandon POTS. The truth is that money going to support legacy POTS is taking money away from digital network investment. The FCC should allow common carriers to abandon POTS on the condition that all that money get poured back into digital network bandwidth and rural network expansion. I don't know if this is true, but I read somewhere that listening to music while coding can interfere with coming up with creative solutions when you are stuck on a coding problem. The reasoning behind this claim was that music "occupies" your right brain leaving only your left brain working on the task. I don't know the validity of this claim as I haven't seen any academic studies backing it up. Make sure you are writing good accessible semantic HTML to begin with. If your HTML isn't semantic, you are already starting with a huge disadvantage. Google is the most important blind user on the Internet. If the blind can't read and navigate your site, then Google can't index it. Check out Jeffrey Zeldman's book Designing with Web Standards, 3rd Edition, for advice on making sure you site is as accessible as possible. I use Click-to-Flash on my laptop and it's not until you install a plugin like that that you realize how inappropriately overused flash is. My biggest complaint is sIFR text replacement. Seriously, using Flash just to serve up a certain font for your H1 or H2 titles is complete and utter crap. While I do think that this is bad user experience for those buying the MacBook Air, it should help foster an overall better user experience for the Internet. With Flash not coming standard and Apple gaining so much market share, it will only be a matter of time before the percent of Flash enabled browsers falls enough that web developers need to start using more appropriate standards-based techniques. Adobe claims that Flash reaches 99% of browsers: http://www.adobe.com/products/player_census/flashplayer/ Once that hits 95%, I think we'll start seeing a tipping point. About 68% of web browsers worldwide currently have partial HTML5 support (IE8+, Firefox 3.5+, Chrome 6.0+, Safari 5.0+, Opera 10+). That number is 72% in the US. I give it two years until Flash and HTML5 are at parity with one another. Good point. Although this doesn't solve the issue you raised, one change I would like to see made on the browser side is sandboxed tabs. As far as I know only Chrome is sandboxing tabs at the moment. I'd like to see Firefox and Safari do the same so one bad javascript doesn't kill the browser entirely. One way those issues could be addressed is by Google page ranking. If certain abusive practices were highlighted as universally obnoxious, I'm sure Google could create filters to reduce the search ranking of those pages using obnoxious HTML5 and JS. My reasoning here is that the same executives and elements of corporate culture responsible for obnoxious uses of Flash and other technologies today are the same ones that push the hardest for SEO. At least at the HTML5 and JS level, Google could parse for obnoxious code, which AFAIK is something they can't do today with Flash. It's a bit of a stretch but certainly a possible solution. Read Zeldman's "Designing w/ Web Standards, 3rd Edition". That book will give you direction and save you a lot of time. The problem with HTML is that it is a pretty loose language and you can do a lot with it without getting your syntax right. On top of that you have a lot of confusion because of HTML 4.01, HTML5 and XHTML 1.0. Because of all that you will find tons of HTML resources all over the web that may appear decent, but actually teach you bad habits and old hacks that are no longer best practice. Zeldman's book will give you some direction so you don't waste too much time and develop good habits from the beginning. If it's not the first book you read, it should at least be the second book you read. I haven't read them yet, but Zeldman recommends the following JS books: DOM Scripting: Web Design with Javascript and the Document Object Model The Javascript Anthology: 101 Essential Tips, Tricks, and Hacks For CSS, the best resources are Eric Meyer's "CSS: The Definitive Guide" and "CSS: Pocket Reference" The current edition of The Definitive Guide is a 2006 edition. I asked Eric about a new edition and although there isn't a date set, he expects a new edition covering CSS3 sometime in 2011. Given that the author is interested in HTML as well, I imagine that he probably is more interested in JS resources that focus on the DOM and not on using JS as a general purpose programming language. However, I may be wrong about this. Imagine if they had included Click-to-Flash by default instead. Somehow I don't think so. Oracle is a pure B2B play. Apple computers are still a rarity in the enterprise, and in those companies that do have Apple computers are most likely not Oracle's target market. Oracle might try to remedy this situation eventually, but my bet is that it will be too little, too late. Given the state of things today, I would definite focus on web standards and semantic HTML. The reason being that any front end HTML you write today is likely to be used both on the desktop and via mobile devices. Writing good clean semantic HTML will help ensure that you need only write one HTML document that is then styled by one CSS document for the desktop and one for mobile devices. Plus writing semantic HTML will give you basic SEO for free. I honestly wouldn't worry about the JS frameworks just yet unless you have something specific in mind that you want to build. There's so much other basic stuff to learn. I would tackle javascript after you have a good grasp of HTML and CSS. I've heard good things about Zed Shaw's new book http://learnpythonthehardway.org/ I've also heard great things about Allen Downey's books on Python, but I am not sure which one is best to start with. Eric Meyer is the go to guy for CSS. Also check out "Handcrafted CSS" by Dan Cederholm. The only part of that book that is no longer a best practice is his .after float hack, which today has been replaced by the overflow:auto hack. You'll enjoy it. It may be over 400 pages long but it's a really quick read. You should be able to read it all in 1-3 days. Zeldman makes tons of link references throughout to a bunch of excellent resources, oftentimes the original sources explaining a new idea in web design. Make sure to check those links out, they add a lot of value and context, especially the A List Apart references. The last chapter in the book ties everything together and walks you through building the Agenda from NY Mag in HTML and CSS first and then using JQuery to add behavior: http://nymag.com/agenda/?f=agenda I second this suggestion to work with Compass/SASS. I use SASS and HAML together. Avoid the desire to work with one of popular grid frameworks like Blueprint or 960.gs unless you are sure that your project really needs something like that. Don't accidentally overlook one of the most important aspects of social games: The most stimulating part of the game for many people is how it fosters more interactions with those you already know. Many people despite having many friends on occasion still feel lonely and disconnected from those they know personally. Social games help overcome that by creating a habitual fabric of interaction between the player and the people they know. This ultimately fosters interactions outside the game, possibly in via instant messaging or conversation over a coffee. A good social game optimizes for social interactions outside the game as well as gameplay inside the game. Hardcore games permit escapism, whereas social games permit connectivism. Examples of features that I've see work well and conversations they fostered in real life: -- feeding fish "Hey did you remember to feed my fish as well?" -- stealing crops "Stop stealing my crops!" -- giving bath to your avatar "dude, your creature is filthy, there are bugs flying around him and everything. give him a bath once in a while" Start with "The Non-Designer's Design Book" by Robin Williams http://amzn.com/0321534042 You can devour that book in an afternoon. And since Typography is such an important part of design. You should read this blog post here: http://www.informationarchitects.jp/en/the-web-is-all-about-... and: The Elements of Typographic Style Applied to the Web http://webtypography.net/ If you have papers or a laptop that can't get wet, get a nice messenger bag made of Cordura and truck liner. I highly recommend PAC Bags, which are easily the best made bag I've ever used. http://www.pacdesigns.com/ Does anyone maintain a blacklist of "nightmare" people to do startup business with? Seems like this guy is a surefire candidate to be included in such a list. Pretty hilarious video for the new startup being let by Benchmark Capital's former Entrepreneur-in-Residence pg, I see that there is a page for jobs at YCombinator companies, but it is very empty with just one job at BackType listed: http://news.ycombinator.com/jobs Are there more positions you are hiring for that are not listed there? Launch. However, don't kid yourself that you will find time to port to Ruby in the off chance that it is successful. That's is a myth and it is a rare thing for a successful piece of software to be rewritten in another language after it has become a success. I'm not criticizing, but just giving my two cents here to give perspective. The problem with being 50 years old is not being 50 years old, but coming across as acting 50 years old. Startups don't need someone who can manage an outsource program to train 200 employees. They need someone who can ship. Someone who is implementing features and building product value. Culturally startups today want to stay small because that's a competitive advantage that allows pivoting until you either have a home run business model or can be acquired by a larger competitor. I don't know you or your situation, but instead of calling attention to what you did in the training center in Asia, tell the community about what you've built. What's in your GitHub profile? As far as training is concerned it's better to train a half dozen brilliant rock solid (as opposed to rock star) programmers that can ship. I think it's absolutely awesome that you are programming to this day and willing to put in the 12 hours, but I think it's better to see that zeal for training to use trying to creating a hardcore team of "special forces" developers instead of a whole platoon of "grunts" or "marines". The people who want what you have offered to bring to the table are enterprises. If you want to go after startups, you need to start focusing on startup scale projects. If you are talking about more than 6-8 devs on a team, it's already too large. On top of that, it's important to be building teams with balance, just like a small special forces team in the Navy Seals or Army Rangers. You need to be able to train and lead people that complement each other and can build a whole product, front-end, back-end and everything in between. Again, I'm not judging you here. Just putting in perspective that what you are offering in your reply is not what I see the HN community asking for. Complementing pg's answer here about "social choice". It places the focus squarely on the news content and not on the users involved. There's no following and there's no cronyism this way. In many services, such as twitter and quora, I've noticed that there is some degree of reciprocity that occurs even if it is neither expressed or implied that you should reciprocate. In fact, in most cases there is nothing written or unwritten culturally that says you should reciprocate, yet people do anyways. By eliminating this you eliminate this falsely perceived social expectation of reciprocity, thus placing 100% of voting motivation on content. This is the right approach if you want stories and comments to make it to the front page based on quality of content alone. "Apprenticeship Patterns: Guidance for the Aspiring Software Craftsman" by Dave Hoover & Adewale Oshineye http://apprenticeship-patterns.labs.oreilly.com/ The Little Schemer http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/matthias/BTLS/ What does YCombinator give you? -- Access to advice from more experienced people (in many respects: programming, architecture, business model, user acquisition, usability, user experience. It's rare for any startup to have 2-3 founders that together are rock solid in all these areas) -- A name-brand incubator that helps you attract talent -- A name-brand incubator that helps you attract high-value first adopters -- Networking with other very talented YCombinator applicants and alumni -- Plenty of news coverage from tech pundits and other journalists because of the YCombinator brand I would bet you that the overwhelming majority of YCombinator applicants do not apply for the money. They most likely apply for all the other intangible benefits. No. I calculated the revenue per user per month for the NY Times a while ago and based on 2008 figures, it was about 71 cents per user per month. I was using numbers from several different sources when I made that calculation so I can't guarantee its accuracy. you're correct, I'm wrong about the "no". I misread the calculation that was given. What if people aren't interested in the funding, but instead are interested in all the other intangible benefits that comes with being funded by PG&Co? Notice that those that are leaving are mostly developers and not MBA-types. It may be a great place to work for MBAs with all the perks, but that's not what drives developers. Developers like to build things. Developers like control. Developers like autonomy. Why do you think a tool like emacs exists? In a lot of departments are Google, they can do just that. However, I imagine for those that have been around a long time now feel that they can't get as much done as they did before. In fact a lot of those perks were even added to allow developers to save time and get more done. Free car washes, car pools, 24 hour food, onsite daycare, etc. Those may have a monetary value, but it's their time-saving value that matters. It's possible time that all those perks have saved is now being eroded away by the sheer size of the company and the policies and bureaucracies that come with that size. This makes it a perception issue. Google might still be a lot better than everywhere else, but it may be perceived as worse than it once was. That's the kicker. Once you've been in a stellar place for getting things done, it can be demotivating to see that environment ossify. Startups are the logical place to go for those that want to get things done. On the other hand, others may just want to work on the next big thing, which is generally considered to be social stuff like at Facebook. Facebook with more than half a billion users is better positioned to change the World than anybody else right now. Who cares if Google loses its MBAs, it's the loss of developers which is worrying. my 2 cents. I don't work at Google so I don't know for sure, but that's my guess as to what's happening. I wish I could upvote this several times. This is so true. Every manager should have a negative karma score of how many employees they drove away. A lot more companies would get rid of managers like that if they only kept count. What you say about averages is very very true. Linus Pauling once said "If you want to have good ideas you must have many ideas. Most of them will be wrong, and what you have to learn is which ones to throw away." which can be extended to: "If you want to have good HN comments you must have many HN comments. Half of them will always be below average, and what you have to learn is which ones never to post." Tell them to give you a $50 note. Take a lighter out of your pocket and burn that money in front of them and see how they react. Then tell them that you are not going to pay them back. See how they react. If they remain cool throughout the ordeal, I reckon it's okay to take their money. If they freak out, pay them back $50 and consider that the best $50 you ever spent because you possibly saved your relationship with your father/friend. I reckon that burning money like that will make the possibility of losing it all much more real. The reason I suggest $50 as opposed to a $5, $10 or $20 note is because it's just large enough to get most people riled up about but not so much to be consequential. You might want to try a $100 note if you want a higher threshold. Who knows if this crazy idea will work, but I'm curious what will happen. Consider it an experiment that you can later blog about to get traffic. Alternatively, you can ask them if they would be okay giving you $100k to go to Vegas and bet on craps or roulette. If you do decide to take their money, you next need to figure out if they would be good investors or not. Will they want them to have a say in how the business is run (i.e. voting rights)? If so, would you be okay with them participating in some fashion. If not, don't give them voting rights. If that means that they need to be given preferred shares, I would check with a lawyer to see what implications that has for future funding rounds. Excellent point, but I'm not sure either his friend or father are interested in investing so they can increase the aggregate wealth of society. That being said, I think that at the very least your father can look at it as a better investment than college if you do fail. You'll learn more in 6 months to a year building your own business than 4-5 years of college teaches 99% of people. Plus, it can be said that Casinos increase the aggregate wealth for society as well. They are a business like any other and as valid as any Zynga, Playdom or Playfish. They are in the business of offline social gaming. I honestly wasn't expecting this to be as upvoted as it was. I have some pretty crazy ideas and this was one of them. That being said I think there is more than enough interest from just those Hacker Newsers reading this thread to show that this would definitely be a popular blog post if written. With that in mind, go for a $100 note instead of $50 if you decide to do this and write about it as that denomination would make for better linkbait as a blog post title. I kind of agree. I had a discussion about this with a friend of mine who was the lead architect at the last company I was at and he made a good point. Every manager, once promoted to management, needs to make a choice between: 1) Being on the side of upper management 2) Being on the side of the employees they manage 3) Being on the fence, where they neither have the trust of their bosses or their employees. We came to the conclusion that the best place for a manager to be is on the side of the employees. The reason being is that the healthiest, most productive teams have a manager that the employees trust in. They know they have someone higher up looking out for them and shielding them so they can get things done. If the company isn't one where this is possible, a really good manager will probably leave for greener pastures. The next best place for the manager to be is on the side of the upper management, because at least this leaves no room for confusion among their subordinates (uggg, I hate that work, but it's appropriate here). The worst place to be is in the middle. In this position the manager sabotages his own career and therefore his department because his upper management doesn't trust him and his employees don't trust him because they don't know if he has their best interests at heart half the time. I think Todd Jackson, GMail product manager, said it best, when he said that "[A manager] can either be a shit funnel or a shit umbrella." ref: http://techcrunch.com/2010/03/14/key-to-gmail/ I propose that we call this new metric a manager's "body count". After an employee leaves, his compatriots should rate him to be an asset or liability. Those who quit voluntarily and are considered assets are added to a manager's body count. If the manager is on good terms with the employee who should know why the employee left and will have incentive to raise issues for living that are not his fault as a manager. I think the venture capital industry would disagree with you as they have lost money in aggregate. I'm almost certain that if you take the last 10 years of NVCA data you will said that VCs on average lose money. ref: http://www.bothsidesofthetable.com/2010/07/16/whats-really-g... That being said, there is a lot more created besides money. All this money generates lots of "experience points" and lessons learned. I agree that more value is being created, but more money being created is questionable. Have people ever been arrested and charged over that statute? What's the basis for it even being a law? The only thing I can think of is to prevent people from adding extra 0s to notes to make them higher denominations, which quite frankly is an absurd idea today. Also, note the wording: "with intent to render such bank bill, draft, note, or other evidence of debt unfit to be reissued" If he did what I suggested above the note would be unfit to be reissued, however it would not necessarily be his intent. His intent is to test his friend/father and the note is a means to that end. On the other hand, to make his point to his friend/father he would have to show them his intent to make the bill unfit to be reissued. On the other hand in many museums you have machines for pressing and defacing pennies to make them into novelty items. "On flattening pennies and other coins, the US Mint site has this to say: Section 331 of Title 18 of the United States code provides criminal penalties for anyone who “fraudulently alters, defaces, mutilates impairs, diminishes, falsifies, scales, or lightens any of the coins coined at the Mints of the United States.” This statute means that you may be violating the law if you change the appearance of the coin and fraudulently represent it to be other than the altered coin that it is. As a matter of policy, the U.S. Mint does not promote coloring, plating or altering U.S. coinage: however, there are no sanctions against such activity absent fraudulent intent." The important words here are "fraudulent intent," which means that while the US Mint doesn't condone this action, they have no problem with it. However it is illegal to flatten Canadian coins. ref: http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/archive/index.php/t-1338... This article here says otherwise, but provides no evidence that anyone has ever been prosecuted: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7148966/ You also can't advertise on the note using rubber stamps. See "Where's George?". The Where's George website was investigated and ceased selling the rubber stamps and no further action was taken: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Where%27s_george http://www.freelawanswer.com/law/1543-law-4.html Either way, there's plenty of examples of people rendering bills unfit to be reissued with no problems: http://hypebeast.com/2010/05/scott-campbell-if-you-dont-belo... http://www.thisblogrules.com/2010/03/defaced-presidents-maki... Again, I admit it's a crazy idea. However, taking money from a good friend or family carries with it a risk far greater than losing $100k. It carries with it the risk of losing a friend or family member in the case your startup fails and you lose their money. This idea is not one to make a good story. In fact, getting a good story out of it is incidental and that can be used in the future to generate pageviews and attention (it meets the criteria for being a "sticky" idea). The objective of this is to create a simple experiment that may possibly give you insight into whether or you may destroy your relationship with your friend or father in the case you fail and lose all $100k. Again, I don't know if this idea will even work, but it seems like it could provide insight and another piece of information to draw open to make a decision on whether or not to take their money. I would also venture that after this incident, they would withdraw their offer if they are the type that can't handle losing money. In other words it may serve to help both sides decide. It may help him decide whether he wants to take the money from his friend/father. It may also help his friend or father decide if they are really willing to put $100k in the hands of someone who would burn a $100 bill for any reason. To be an entrepreneur you need to be a little bit crazy. I think that's why my suggestion got many more upvotes than I anticipated. HN is full of entrepreneurs that are a little bit crazy at the core. Sane people don't make good entrepreneurs. If a startup founder isn't capable of taking a $100 risk like this to test an idea, would he be crazy enough to spend $10,000 on a crazy idea with lots of both risk and reward potential just to get user adoption? Here's an NY Times article on the subject: "Just Manic Enough: Seeking Perfect Entrepreneurs" http://www.nytimes.com/2010/09/19/business/19entre.html I think it would be cool to see any of the following: Learn Haskell the Hard Way Learn Erlang the Hard Way Learn Common Lisp the Hard Way Learn R the Hard Way Besides a "Learn X the Hard Way", I would actually like to see more people try to recreate the style of "The Little Scheme", which uses the socratic method to teach the learner. I think the socratic method requires the user to rack their brain a bit more, but results in much greater enjoyment and retention. I would much prefer to see these two: "The Little Haskeller" "The Little Erlanger" For example, it would be brilliant if someone can explain monads and list comprehension with the same eloquence as The Little Schemer explains currying and YCombinator. I agree that "The Little ____er" books aren't the best to learn how to apply a language in the real world. I also agree with your "piano finger lesson" analogy. However, where "The Little _____er" books excel and overcome all other teaching formats I've seen is in introducing complex paradigm-shifting concepts in a way that is digestable in tiny chunks. Concepts such as monads, zippers and list comprehension are exactly the the type of concepts that are very difficult to teach/explain using common teaching approaches that "tell, but do not show" The socratic method used in "The Little Schemer" makes sure to dismantle these extremely abstract concepts into atoms '(pun intended). You really need to understand each atomic piece before you move on. In most explanations of monads the teacher rattles off a long run-on sentence that touches on several facets of a concept such as monads, making it all that much harder to digest. In fact, most sentences/paragraphs attempting to explaining monads just cause the learner to choke on the terseness and density of information being communicated in one utterance. The way I see it, both types of books are very valuable. The Little Schemer teaches recursion as a concept better than any other text I've seen. I've never seen anything else that come close. In fact, most texts that touch on recursion quickly move into comparing it to iteration both in form and performance. SICP is an example of a teaching resource that does this. If I remember correctly, the first time you really see recursion in SICP is when the book discusses Ackermann's function and the pros and cons of recursion versus iteration. I love the less is more interface as well, but recently it's come to the point where there are too many stories and I need to start filtering out those that I shouldn't be spending time reading but make for guilty pleasures. The tech crunch gossip articles while interesting and a quick read I know I should go without. I think anyone actually working on a startup on here would agree that it'd be beneficial to just see those articles that are useful for founders (user acquisition, lifestyle management, scaling, user experience, etc.) I also think it would be great for each user to set their own from page threshold. Someone who is mildly busy may want to see the top 100 articles per day while someone who is very busy may only want to see the top 20 per day. I think the ability to follow topics and people like Quora does is also very valuable. I read somewhere that this apparently is also one of the patterns in the book A Pattern Language by Christopher Alexander. I don't own a copy yet so I can't confirm this. It would also be interesting to see this survey conducted using natural frequencies instead of percentages. Humans are notoriously bad at reasoning with percentages. Compare the following: "I prefer a 1% chance of losing $1000" "I prefer a 5% chance of losing $1000" with this: "I prefer a 1 in 100 chance of losing $1000" "I prefer a 1 in 20 chance of losing $1000" Learn to Program. More specifically, learn HTML5 and CSS3. You need to know enough to be able to prototype your concept. Once you know enough to prototype the visual design, learn just enough javascript to make the front end behave the way it would for the end user. My suggestion is to start with "Designing with Web Standards, 3rd Edition" by Jeffrey Zeldman, then move on to a more complete HTML/CSS book like the Head First book on the topic. Finally, pick up the book DOM Scripting by Jeremy Keith. Ideas are worthless without execution. Being able to prototype and model how the app will work in the hands of users is the kind of execution you should be capable of to create a minimum viable product. If you can do that and you can sell your vision, you should be able to attract a decent technical co-founder or at least one who can create your MVP. Hacker News could use Quora-like tagging and following to improve its utility. #28 on PG's essay "Ideas We'd Like to Fund" is "Fixing Email Overload" http://ycombinator.com/ideas.html . For many of us, HN overload is as serious as HN overload. There is a front-page story daily for every new hack invented to manage it. HNI fragments HN as does techstartu.ps best comment on the article: "Brave New World takes place in London... I'm left wondering how many Native American reservations are near London, England." Now that you mention that, I remember the book a bit better. I personally need to re-read it. It was so long ago and although I liked the book a lot, the experience was spoilt by English Lit class. Catch22 is another I remember only vaguely but need to reread. I wish I still knew it, but it's one of those things you need to use frequently to retain. As a first programming language, I wouldn't consider Haskell, plus the Real World Haskell book could use a lot more polishing. If you are seriously in it for the long hall, gentrysherrill's advice of learning a functional language is a probably a good choice, but it shouldn't be Haskell. Scheme or Common Lisp is a better choice. Get Conrad Barski's new book Land of Lisp. Go through it first, then consider checking out the Little Schemer or How to Design Programs (version 2). Is it just me or does anyone else think that the logo on the back of the truck looks like goatse.cx? just put the name "drop table" in the form. Webstores basically allow Google, Apple and others to monetize discovery for users that don't know better. Many people have a seriously difficult time comprehending the concept of a URL. In fact, most of the time if you give some technologically illiterate people a URL, they will not enter it in the browser address bar, but instead type the URL into Google. Google will then give results for something like www.mydomain.com and people will click through to that site. It is entirely conceivable that Google eventually puts links to it's Chrome webstore apps as sponsored links in the future, once this happens, users who look for your site through Google should find two links for you, one sponsored via the Chrome store and one unsponsored which is the actual link to your site. If you use the Chrome store for monetization, you ostensibly give up margin to Google. For this reason I would put a free app to my site in the Chrome appstore and monetize people directly on my site. To do otherwise would mean giving up margins unnecessarily to Google. Of course, this doesn't happen now. But I imagine that it is only a matter of time until Chrome AppStore results show up as sponsored links in Google web search. On the otherhand, it's possible that Google only sponsor results for paid apps only. China and Japan both have a similar issue with bad news and saying "no". When I worked in China, both my students and school administrators would avoid saying "no". If you are relying on some piece of work being done for product/project success, this approach can also be disastrous because people will say "Yes" to some request that they have absolutely no intention of performing/completing and you may not find out something wasn't done until something fails. That being said, it's not a race issue, but a cultural issue. Someone of Chinese or Indian descent raised in the US are unlikely to present this cultural incompatibility. On the otherhand, I think that if this cultural incompatibility exists, it is the manager's responsibility to neutralize it by demonstrating that delivering bad news (or saying "no" when the answer is in fact "no") is valued. This would be preferable to declining a good candidate for the task at hand. I agree. This is what "time-boxing" and "spikes" are for. Ultimately it is the product manager that decides when to ship something or how much time should be spent on something. If a developer is allowed to work and work and work and work on something until something is perfect, then I can only come to the conclusion that the product manager or lead engineer is not doing their job. it's more like a prison. go read the first chapter of Paul Graham's "Hackers & Painters" http://www.paulgraham.com/hackpaint.html Focus on a real problem. Especially problems for which people are willing to pay to solve. Design a solution for real people and not just yourself. Solutions that create markets are very rare and are best tackled once you know how to create a solution to a real problem first. This video discusses a shortcoming of the Hiller Flying platform right at the end: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_UtPmb3Z-o "Ironically, it was the Hiller Platform's inherent stability that ultimately killed the project. The problem was that the platform had a tendency to right itself. Going forward depended on the machine's continued lean in the direction of flight, but it constantly wanted to straighten up and this made it almost impossible to maintain a consistent heading" How do you plan to overcome that shortcoming? Gyroscopes or something? Also, why does your platform use the slats instead of a cone duct to direct airflow like the original design? Other videos: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZmULlkOE3o http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwhBWxc0SSM Actually if you look at my comment above you'll see that the video I posted discusses that the problem with the original platform was that it was too stable. On the other hand the third video I posted shows a modern miniature version of the original craft. This modern version isn't nearly as stable looking as the original. I can only assume that this is either due to it's size or lack of a duct. My best is on the lack of a duct. That being said, the design for this kickstarter project uses louvres instead of a duct, so I'm wondering if he can achieve the stability of the original Hiller Flying Platform. Designing w/ Web Standards, 3rd edition by Jeffrey Zeldman Dom Scripting by Jeremy Keith Eloquent Javascript by Marijn Haverbeke - http://eloquentjavascript.net/ Learning JQuery by Jonathan Chaffer "Dive into HTML5" by Mark Pilgrim - http://diveintohtml5.org/ "CSS - The Definitive Guide" by Eric Meyer "Javascript - The Good Parts" by Douglas Crockford ========================================== Those should pretty much cover everything you must know if you are starting now. Start with Zeldman's book first and end with Crockford's book, besides that go ahead and choose your own adventure by reading the rest in any order you want. While you will probably get more practical usage out of reading Learning JQuery before DOM Scripting, I think you will get more value out of Learning JQuery if you read DOM Scripting first. Dive in HTML5 by Mark Pilgrim Designing w/ Web Standards, 3rd Edition by Jeff Zeldman - Please note that this book is more about orientation and how to go about learning HTML/CSS than actually coding. Only the last chapter contains a real coding exercise. Either way, it's worth a read. Most of the best resources on HTML/CSS are the blogs and sites maintained by the main contributors to the standards. Whenever a section of the W3C spec is vague or confusing, go check out the blocks of people like Bruce Lawson, Eric Meyer and Zeldman to help clear up the ambiguities. Mozilla's stuff and the Webkit blog are also quite good. It's good for a basic reference when you don't want to wade through the W3C spec. It's not good for learning. I would wager that they didn't know "full well" that they were going to request a backdoor. Remember this is the US Government we're talking about. That kind of foresight is rare and even when it does exist the left hand doesn't know what the right is doing and expiring NDAs could occur. All it takes is the person making the request to assume, "Hey, he's doing US Gov crypto work so he much have a permanent NDA. I'll go ahead and request a back door without double checking the terms of his NDA." Zuckerberg already said what will kill Facebook, but he didn't phrase it as such: verticals. There are several social aspects of our lives that are very poorly served by Facebook and that's where verticals will come in. Verticals won't necessarily kill Facebook, but they have the potential to chip away at the centralization of data inside of the Facebook social graph itself. Under this scenario Facebook would still act as an aggregator, but then again the barrier to entry for competing aggregators of social network verticals would fall substantially and allow innovation and specialization. I know of at least one stealth startup working on such a vertical, but I can't mention who just quite yet. From the ideas I've heard, the potential is definitely there in the idea to corner one aspect of a users life that Facebook couldn't possibly match due to the high level of abstraction FB needs to maintain as a generic social networking site. I think verticals could also erode Google as well. Quora is going after one aspect of knowledge. Wikipedia as well. If I were to create a search engine today, I'd go after one vertical. For example, a search engine focused entirely on helping you find code would be immensely valuable. Sites like Github and Freshmeat have search, but the search isn't specialized to add any value over what Google already offers. In fact, in many cases sites with specialized knowledge about one vertical choose to use Google's search for its own site instead of building a new search from scratch that better serves the need of that vertical. Examples of verticals where I see value in creating a specialized social network or search engine: -- Nightlife -- Code/Programming -- Educational resources. To drive the point further. This is a vertical that has a LOT of unexplored potential. The truth is that people spend most of their time in verticals. Statistics focus on the aggregate amount of time the average American spends on Facebook, 7 hours per month. But the truth is that what is most interesting is the 20-40 hours a month someone spends on the verticals that matter most to them. For us it's nerd/tech stuff, so we hang out here for hours on end. The number of hours I spend on here blows the amount of time I spend on Facebook away. The same goes for Quora. For companies that make money from advertising, the highest click-through-rates come from the most engaged audiences and highly targeted advertising. The truth is that no one has perfected many verticals. StackOverflow is one of the the best examples of startups that have done an excellent job in a vertical, but there is still much more potential there too. Regarding search verticals, the search algorithms for code are going to look really really different when compared to those for natural language that Google is after. Imagine a code search engine where I can save preferences for the languages I want to search in. This engine then indexes lots of different places like Github, Gitorious, Freshmeat, SourceForge, etc. If you are part of the community that cares about code, you all of a sudden stop going to Google as the default for all code searches. Of course, Google could then become a portal to your search, but at that point the the barriers to entry for other companies to aggregate vertical search engines becomes much lower and Google's dominance is no longer guaranteed. The private sector is already doing a much better job of building reputation systems. It's now a full-fledged area of computing work. There's even a sizable O'Reilly book on the topic. I'm currently using Backbone.js + JQuery in my startup and my decision came down to the following conclusions: Use Sproutcore or Cappucino if you are trying to emulate a native desktop app and where long load times are acceptable (i.e. the user sacrifices time to load everything to not have to wait much if at all after the initial loading). Also use these two environments when your users are Apple Users. Use Backbone.js + JQuery in a small startup environment with a lean team where the front-end devs are multitalented (i.e. they can easily move between html/css and javascript) Use a MVVM framework with bigger teams () and with teams where your front-end guys may be good with html/css and graphic design but have limited or non-existent stills when it comes to programming intermediate to advanced javascript and handling mildly to very complex programming concepts. MVVM has value and I believe it was invented to solve a common communication/coordination problem in corporate-style environments and especially with "silo"-ed teams and matrix management. However, the way I see it will slow down a good front-end developer. MVC is much more powerful and flexible in the hands of a good dev. MVVM just adds another layer of abstraction so the pure HTML/CSS and graphic design guys don't have to get their hands dirty with real programming. If you are going the Sproutcore/Cappucino route, you really are commiting yourself to a platform and certain ways of doing things from a user interaction perspective. You will gain a lot in not having to build some basic, common interfaces, but you will lose when you need to invent and create your own custom interfaces. Summary: Backbone.js + JQuery = Flexible, powerful, lean - Good for experienced devs Knockout.js = Less powerful, simple = Overcomes coordination and cooperation issues in teams where "the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing" Cappucino/Sproutcore = Complex apps built fast, inflexibility in interface design patterns. Good for "native-style" apps. Anyways, those are my opinions. I encourage you to challenge me on anything you don't agree with as my experience with Sproutcore/Cappucino is limited to just research and I only built one small app with Knockout.js. From speaking with jashkenas on IRC, I found out that while it's not immediately obvious, backbone is quite extendable/pluggable by using Backbone.model.extend. I reckon that as Backbone matures and gets closer to 1.0 status, we'll start seeing more people start creating plugins. I'm still just an intermediate javascript developer, but once I get a better handle on backbone.js and javascript, I'm planning on writing an undo/redo plugin based on Backbone.model.extend and the included .previousAttributes() function (unless someone beats me too it, of course). Backbone is quite a bit more abstracted and that is where it gets its power from, but it is also why probably a bit harder to grok when it comes to extending it. I reckon with time and tutorials, we'll see a robust ecosystem develop extending Backbone.js. I completely agree with this sentiment, however I think that templating systems such as JResign's microtemplates or Mustache.js go a long way to helping us avoid the problems associated with using JS to construct views. All my views are saved as HTML templates with ERB-like syntax for populating the views with dynamic data received via JSON. I'm sure that my analysis of Knockout.js is incomplete. I checked out knockout.js when it was first announced on Hacker News several months ago. Backbone.js was announced on HN at roughly the same time. I gave both a test drive and came to the conclusion that Backbone.js was more appropriate for my use as a single developer entirely responsible for the front end, from graphic design to interactions and events. I hand off responsibility to my co-founder at the model later. My co-founder is responsible for the MongoDB and Rails backend. I'm sure Knockout.js has matured a lot since I first looked at it and that I need to find time to revisit it one day. From your comment and the comment of Alisson on the blog post associated with this thread, I'm pretty sure that my information about knockout.js is out of date. However, frameworks aside, I still believe that an MVC approach makes more sense for small teams where developers handle multiple roles and that the MVVM approach works better for larger teams and teams with less experienced front-end developers. I decided on MVC for my current project working with one other technical co-founder. However at my previous two employers I would have opted for the MVVM approach because because I believe it's more "sociologically" appropriate for corporate environments and for projects where different parts are handled by different teams (i.e. matrix managed companies), No, especially if that API has become a de facto market standard such as Amazon's cloud APIs. An interface is not a product or service. The company in question has a responsibility to continually innovate in order to remain competitive. That's how market economies work, or should work barring the involvement of lawyers who defend what is in the best interest of one firm (local maximum) at the expense of what is in the best interest of everyone, companies and consumers alike (global maximum). the best part is the mouseover title. hehe. My startup is made up of a 26, 28 and 63 year old and we are going to apply to YC Summer 2011. The 63 year old is my father. He's pretty tech savvy and understands our target market very very well. On top of that he founded a company in the early 90s back when founding a company on someone else's dime was a much more challenging endeavor because of the amount of cash involved. No making of video, explanation or information on who made it? Forking of sites has the same problems as forking open-source projects. It exacerbates conflict, forces people to choose sides, and ultimately both forks typically end up poorer because of members lost. Instead, the best solution is to evolve Hacker News as a product. My personal opinion is that we should put Hacker news in the hands of the YCombinator alumni. Founders and first employees (CEO, CTO, lead designer, first engineer hire and first design hire) of YC startups would probably make the best moderators and admins. In fact, I would say that it's probably time that PG spin off YC as a full-time startup, assigning control of the design and codebase to one talented UI designer, one talented developer and one talented product manager. For the site to keep growing in a way that maintains quality, it needs more functionality that it has. The two features that lack the most are filtering and combinatorial game mechanics. Filtering is necessary so it is easy for the the hardcore tech articles to be easily found by high-karma members, so they can vote those articles up. If it's not findable, it's not voteable. Filtering is also necessary for people to extract the most value out of hacker news. Most users don't want 100 front-page articles everyday. They probably want 10-20 of the highest value articles. Less is more. Combinatorial game mechanics like those on StackOverflow would help as well. Upvoting/downvoting is limited in that it will always fall victim to the masses. Giving special voting/tagging/burying rights to distinguished members (very high-karma users and YC founders and employees) would go a long way to helping eliminate the crap. I think I speak for most members here, when I say that I don't want Hacker News to be a democracy. I want it to be a technocracy. I want the smart and accomplished people to control what is good and should be visible to all. I've got only 260 karma points, and personally I don't think that should be enough karma points to allow me to upvote a submission. 500+ karma points should be the threshold to be able to vote an article to the frontpage. Just because this has been the typical website lifecycle in the past, doesn't mean that it has to be the typical website lifecycle in the future. We increasingly have better and better tools to manage how people interact with sites and communities. Upvoting/downvoting, filtering, disemvoweling, moderation, tagging, reputation systems, etc. are just a smattering of the tools we have available and with time it's likely that we will see more and better tools for community management available in the future. The most important thing is for "us" to define exactly what current and past features of the community we want to preserve and also decide what kind and amount of "chaos" we want to permit to allow the site to evolve and improve. It makes the most sense for PG, YC founders and very high-karma users to be responsible for defining these community characteristics, ideals and values. Rent control has been a pretty effective way of preserving the identities of communities in cities. It's not perfect, but it helps. Concepts similar to rent control can and should be applied to sites trying to preserve certain characteristics. Pretty interesting idea. Has anything like this ever been tried with other communities? The question to be answered then is "what mechanisms of reputation and combinatorial game mechanics can prevent regression towards the mean?" I don't have an answer to this off the top of my head, but succinctly describing the problem as you just did oftentimes can be half the battle. ERC in Emacs Do you remember the name of the app? I'm curious to know if it is something brsnded or white-label. I agree that there are exceptions. In the case of HN, I don't see how forking would be of benefit, especially since HN is so strongly linked to YCombinator, the startup incubator/school that tends to attract the most talented up-and-coming startups. Make sure the wiring conduits are large because a small conduit can screw up the rating of the cable if you really have to force it through. You should use talcum powder on the cables to easily pull them through the conduits and reduce stress on them. For example, in my house the conduits are tiny and routed at extreme 90 degree angles in places. There's no chance that I'll ever be able to route any decent cable without degrading its performance. The last time I routed cable it was extremely difficult to do. Python and Javascript are excellent choices. Which to choose depends what you want to be more tech literate in? Front-end and consumer facing or back-end and developer facing. Learn to program. Wow. I'm surprised this got downvoted. There is no better way to network with developers than to learn to program. First you will eventually find your way into the natural habitats of us developers (HN, StackOverflow, IRC). From there you'll end up learning about developer events like hacker dojos and superhappydevhouse The problem is that if you show up in these hacker habitats as a business person with no programming knowledge, you are just going to derail the conversations instead of participating. You will also connect better with hackers if you speak their lingo. Which would work better: "I'm a business person with an idea that I want you to build" or "I'm learning to program because I'm a business person with an idea that I'm learning to prototype and I'm looking for someone to build it with me." I'm a business person myself learning to program and I pretty much dismiss all other almost all other business people that come to me with ideas. Part of being a good business person is about being able to sell your idea and speak in the language of the customer. Until you found a technical co-founder, your only customer is a developer. You need to sell them your idea before you sell it to anyone else. If you want to sell you idea to a developer, then learn to program. This is a potential step back for modern UI design with the user's best interest at hearts. To understand why we need to consider Apple's one-button mouse. The one button mouse basically makes it explicit to the developer/designer that you can't just assume that a user will know that a right click or control click command exists. This forces the interface designer to make the control available visually or in some other more obvious way. Contextual clicking is nice, but better approaches such as showing controls on mouseover or on select are far more discoverable. Mouseover or show-on-select controls are also preferable to menu-bars because of Fitt's Law. Permitting app developers to use menu bars and contextual controls is the easy way out and results in a worse design. Both the top menu bar and contextual menu are relics from when the inmates were controlling the asylum. Show they be eliminated? No, I think it's great that this can be done, but only if it is an alternative to other controls embedded in the design itself. The design should not require the menu-bar or contextual menu for all features to be usable. All the controls found in the menu-bar and contextual menu should also be discoverable in the design. The obvious choice here is to start with The Little Schemer. After that you can go on to SICP. Another alternative which is not nearly as challenging as SICP is HtDPv2 (How to Design Programs v2). HtDPv2 was written to be used with Racket. There's also the Reasoned Schemer and Seasoned Schemer, but I haven't any of read either of those so I can't tell you with any certainty if they live up to the experience provided by the Little Schemer. In general those are the 5 best books covering Scheme as far as I know of especially for you as a learner. I'm sure there are other books for more advanced Scheme, but I don't know them. The Little Schemer is great fun and is programming equivalent of piano finger exercises. I hope this is related to an idea I floated about 1.5 years ago on the WHAT-WG working group. Given how mature node.js and evented servers have become this makes even moar sense than it did when I originally tossed the idea about. http://lists.whatwg.org/htdig.cgi/whatwg-whatwg.org/2010-Jan... There's not much detail in the RWW article, but take a look at the link to a thread I started on the WHAT-WG mailing group in Jan 2010. In it I cite a real-life potential use case for P2P in the browser. Do you have a portfolio or GitHub profile? You mention Backbone.js. Do you hang out on #documentcloud on freenode? You're right, Q&A sites have been around for a while. Was Quora the first one to get the community aspects right? No they weren't. StackOverflow figured that out first. What Quora accomplished that was a really really hard problem was how to make the social aspect work across all subject areas while at the same time getting area to stay on topic. That's impressive. The only reason I can imagine someone not finding that impressive would be because they've never tried to manage and build a community. When I was a child I discovered that band-aid wrappers exhibit triboluminescence when opened. I happened upon that by accident and only learned the term for that now as an adult. If your idea involves any significant amount of programming at all, start learning to program now, even if it's not realistic that the code you produce make it into the final product. By all means apply to YCombinator. The chances for you are much lower (since you don't program and afaict you are a single founder), but you can always apply again in future rounds. I'm applying this round myself and have basically taught myself to program over the last 6 months. I have about ~6500 lines of code written so far and the technical co-founder that joined me says that it's on par with code he has seen from people working 4-5 years in the market. If you are smart, clever, capable and determined, there is no reason that you can't achieve the same by the time the next class comes around. If you are serious about learning to program, look around on HN and if you need any specific advice, feel free to ping me. What you don't want to do is end up asking this same question again in 6 months time. Even if you were to really impress the YCombinator partners and get an interview and pass the interview, you will still need to recruit technical talent. Being able to program even as an amateur can only help. Since all partners don't read all the apps, about how many applications does each partner read and each application gets read by how many partners on average? Two more questions that are unrelated by don't merit their own thread: There's a focus now on the maker of MinoMonsters because he's the youngest entrepreneur you've funded. Who's the oldest entrepreneur you guys have funded? Have you ever funded entrepreneurs that are related? (e.g. parent/child, siblings, etc.) See this answer by Harj on Quora: http://www.quora.com/Would-Y-Combinator-invest-in-a-company-... I exchanged emails with Kirsty Nathoo, YCombinator's CFO, and she said that YC is willing to write a formal invitation on official YC letterhead. In my previous experience, that is usually enough to get a work visa in that amount of time, especially if you also have a round-trip ticket already booked (make sure the ticket is refundable.) What if you have a much stronger presence on a site like Quora or StackOverflow, is that considered as well? It seems like all three (those two and HN) are communities where the type of people you like to fund would spend a lot of time. I believe that their is a limit for how much they will reimburse, $600 if I remember correctly. The total cost of the flights would be about $6000 for myself and my two co-founders as well. If would be nice if there was more time between knowing you've been invited for an interview (April 7th) and traveling for the interview (April 23-28th). Since that's less than a month's notice, it means that airfare will be at it's highest. Before you even consider the %, there is a much more important question: Do you believe in the startup? And if you do, do you believe that there will be a market for the 5% stake you get. A "no" to either question suggests that you should work for the money and not the equity. Assuming the answer is "yes" to both, what are the terms under which you can unload that equity later on? yup, there are way to many biases that will impact you data. Expect at least 1000 applications. However, with all the popular press YCombinator and PG himself have received over the last 6 months, I expect this to be by far the largest applicant pool so far. I image that the applicant pool with be bimodal. Apparently every year the applicant pool has become much more competitive, however I also expect a lot of people that are naive about what it takes to apply because startups are the hot new thing. I'm curious to know if in the end this is both the strongest and weakest YC pool so far. Yesterday, PG said that each partner reads about 800 applications each, so expect at least that many. Cool that you're representing Chapel Hill. I've always been very bearish on the startup potential of the RTP as a whole, but there are some shining stars in Chapel Hill. Durham and Raleigh are produce decent talent with Duke and NCSU, but only CH has a culture analogous to the West Coast. (FYI, I'm an NCSU grad myself and spent high school and college in Raleigh) Just because you don't have karma on HN, doesn't mean that you don't have karma elsewhere, such as StackOverflow or Quora. Nope, it's being a good entrepreneur. Because if you don't ambulance chase, you may be end up being the next one chased. I've now seen this question twice, but both times I have not seen anyone respond authoritatively regarding this question. Most thread comments discussing this question state that yes it does end up marked as late, which is then followed by someone saying no it doesn't. Since there is so much confusion about this it would be nice to hear from pg or harj about this. Or to have it added to the YCombinator application FAQ. This is a tricky question with no right answer. If you are the vision guy and seek to maintain as much equity, you might want to build a prototype first. However, you are running risks by not bringing people on board sooner. You risk speed to market, but more importantly, you risk heading in the wrong direction or spending a long time building something one way, when their might be a better, more usable way to build a part of your app. Thus, you may want to consider bringing the designer onboard sooner than your other developer friend, especially if the designer is really good with UI/UX and especially designing user workflows. One of the reasons YC is reluctant to take on single-founders is because having two or more helps. You're much less likely to do something stupid if you have a talented co-founder you trust around to talk you out of it. If the people you want to bring onboard are the kind that might steal your idea, then you probably don't want them as co-founders. Choosing a co-founder is like choosing to get married. It is not a decision to be taken lightly. Great work, however where is the link to the book on Lulu.com so others can order a copy? I tried searching on lulu.com for both "on lisp" and "onlisp" and there were no results. can you do this again but with an arbitrary range. I'm curious what happens when you don't have the lucky number effect (i.e. 7) I agree completely. It completely underplays the value of the individual VCs and overplays the Lightspeed VC brand name. When you get into YC, you know you are going to be working directly with people like PG, Harj, Garry, Alexis, Robert M., Paul, Jennifer, and Trevor. With this Lightspeed VC deal, they just tell you that you get two partners advising you. You don't know which two. You don't know if they are VCs by trade. You don't know if they were former entrepreneurs. You don't know if they happen to be an Entrepreneur in Residence or Designer in Residence. These details matter and matter a lot. I think the best incubators and angels are those that emphasize people over money. People execute. Money just keeps those people fed and housed. In addition to what others have said, I would add The Little Schemer to the list. It may not seem like the most practical book, but it will make you a better programmer. Beyond that, I would reiterate the following suggestions put forth by others: -- How to Design Programs (get version 2. Racket, the IDE for this book, is practically plug-and-play, so you won't waste time prepping your development environment) -- Think Python by Allen Downey (i haven't read this one, but it comes very highly recommended. the excerpts I've read show that Allen communicates the concepts very clearly) -- Eloquent Javascript (very good introduction, all examples can be done directly in the browser with the specially-made console. This eliminates the time and confusion you will experience trying to set up a development environment with other languages.) On top of those I'd also add: -- The C Programming Language by K&R (if you are interested in C) -- Dive into HTML5 (if you are interested in web development. HTML is a markup language, but you are going to need it to be able to build web stuff. This book complements Eloquent Javascript nicely) -- Land of Lisp -- DOM Scripting (Pair this book with Eloquent Javascript. It's the best introduction to the DOM that I've seen and will bridge the gap between HTML and Javascript) The best books on coding are those that place equal emphasis on good prose and good programming practice and that de-emphasize syntax. Also, look for books where the examples are real-world examples. i.e. things that people have actually had to implement at one time or another. Avoid books with completely imaginary examples that use made up names like foo, bar, widget, etc. I wasn't aware that the YC partners asked questions. I figured it was handled in much the same way that college admissions are. i.e. They go through all the apps, determine which entrepreneurs show the most potential and then contact everyone on the 7th and no sooner. Were you asked a question? What was it about? The idea or the founders? I would err on the side of vigilance first like Forrst did. It's easier to let it be more open then to try to close it up. You can't go wrong with any of those books. Given your interest in mobile/web apps, my recommendation is to start with Eloquent Javascript then Dive into HTML5 and then DOM Scripting. With those three, you'll have a solid base for what the next 5 years of what technology trends will throw at you. Eventually you'll need to start working more with stuff on the server side. Once that time comes, you'll know enough to choose the server side language that makes the most sense for you (my bet is that you'll probably end up choosing between Javascript, Python, Ruby or Clojure in that order). The best way? To show that you are worth funding. Their interest is in funding people before ideas. In fact, they are willing to invest in good people with bad ideas because it's easier to change the idea than to change the people. Most good ideas worth funding are discovered not planned. Screen distance from the user greatly impacts the usability. I would also add that if you have HN (or Reddit) open on one of those monitors, you probably aren't going to be more productive. For the benefits of those on HN, here is my answer to the question on Skeptics-StackExchange: == Having championed the purchase of five 30" for the equity research officers at Itaú Securities, I have some anecodotal evidence to share, which pretty much invalidates any study regarding 30" monitors. Here's the deal: A 30" monitor is pretty large and its distance from the user GREATLY impacts its usability. For a 30" monitor to be usable it needs to be placed on the desktop at about an armslength to be comfortable and productive. For many desks, this distance is an impossibility, especially corner desks where the monitor is catacornered. Most people when they use an external screen place it just behind the keyboard. This does not work with a 30" monitor, as it is too close and you end up shifting your head up and down and laterally far too much. This effect is significant enough to invalidate pretty much any study that doesn't take this into account and control it. At Itaú Securities all five 30" monitors were first used on corner desks with the monitor catacornered. The major factor which determined if it was useable was each analysts body posture when seating at their desk. Those analysts which sat slouched in their chair and leaning back when they were modifying their financial models in Excel, loved the monitor and said that others would be allowed to use it when you pry it from their cold dead fingers. Those with good posture ended up sitting far too close to the screen and since the monitor was catacornered, they were unable to adjust the distance to be comfortable. None realized that monitor distance were the reason for their discomfort. All that sat with good posture abandoned the 30" monitor and return to their crappy 19" monitors. It was only when one of the monitors was relocated to a non-corner desk and placed at the very back of the desk when we realized the impact of monitor distance and comfort. Anyways, I've never seen this particular issue with larger monitors discussed anywhere with regards so I figured I'd share it here. I'm sure this issue is equally applicable to multi-monitor setups. I wish I could go back and add this to my YCombinator app (without it being marked as late) as "something I have discovered" as it's fairly original semi-scientific research and more interesting than the answer I originally put. I would also add that topics about problems with possible software solutions are also relevant. Problems in politics have led to startups like Votizen and OpenCongress. Where there is a problem there is a startup. And where there is a problem that people are willing to pay money for a solution there is a business model. I would add the following "question": "Please add your own question that you think we should have asked on this application. After you add your own question, answer it" followed by two blanks. Focus on user experience and interaction design first. Learn to code not with the intention of building the app yourself, but with the intention of becoming familiar with what is possible with today's current technology and technologies which will become commonplace in the near to mid term. Why? Because as Wayne Gretzky said, you need to skate to where the puck is going to be and not where the puck is. Where the puck is going to be is eliminating a lot of what doctors routinely do today by putting the tools in the hands of consumers. 90% of what general practitioners do today is simply glorified pattern matching. And they do an imperfect job at that. Computers are much better at pattern matching than humans for most tasks. The problem in the field of medicine is that we lack the tools to take the input from patients and put them in a form that is usable for most patients. iPad tools designed by doctors for laypeople to use are going to be the single most disruptive force in medicine IMHO. Creating iPad apps for doctors will be a far second or even a largely temporary category of apps. What I would be skeptical about is apps made by doctors for doctors. There are certainly going to be good ones out there, but I expect many to suffer from the "designing it for me and the way I work instead of the designing it for doctors and the way all doctors work" problem. Start looking at everything you do as a doctor and start asking the possibly painful question: "How could what is possibly with today's technology possibly replace the work I routinely perform?" You want to learn to code to learn what is possible. Lack of the ability to filter out irrelevant stories and the people that upvote them. http://www.quora.com/How-do-you-go-about-acquiring-a-potenti... http://www.quora.com/Domain-Names/How-can-I-buy-a-parked-dom... Micropayments need to be treated like pre-paid activities like consuming gas when you drive from one location to another. i.e. the decision to spend money must be automatic based on your behavior. For example, when I drive to the store, I do so without ever thinking "it's going to cost me 14 cents in gas to go there and back. Am I sure I want to go?" For micropayments to work, consumptive behavior needs to be used as a proxy for a decision to purchase. http://www.pacdesigns.com/ The site is ugly and unusable, but the bags are absolutely stellar. I have the Pro Ultimate and I use it with my 17" unibody Macbook Pro in a Booq Viper ballistic nylon sleeve. I used to use top of the line Booq bags and ditched them entirely for the Ultimate Pac Bag. It's 3-4 layers with truck tarpoline liner in the middle. The fabric is Dupont Cordura Plus, which is the best you can get. The bag is very very waterproof. I've been caught outside biking home in thunderstorms with torrential downpours and I got home with the contents of my bag completely dry. If you get one of the two biggest models, opt for the secret compartment. It's so well hidden that I had to contact the company to find out where it was on the bag. If you anticipate weight, definitely get the x-strap option. You can carry a small child or medium-sized dog comfortable in one of these bags. See this image: http://www.pacdesigns.com/images/offtoworkpac.jpg It's not a cheap bag, but I have no doubt that I'll have this thing 10-20+ years from now. It is rock solid. How are the Ruby, Python, Javascript and Clojure communities in the area? What startups in the area are in the consumer tech space? I was given the names of a bunch of people in the startup community there by Fred Hutchison, but I was very disappointed to find out that none of them were on Quora. This left me with the impression that there isn't much of a community or that the community lives in a bubble that is separate from instead of networked with the tech communities in Silicon Valley, NYC, Boulder, Austin and Boston. The disappointing thing is that the only person on that list with any real activity was you and many of the others only have activity related to their startup. Which RTP startup people are active HNers besides you and javery? What about interface and ux design talent in the area? Anyone notable? When is the next decent event between now and the 21st? I'll be in Raleigh until then before I fly back to São Paulo and then move to SF in August. I'd like to get an idea of what is going on here before I go. For individual orders by the end user, there really isn't that much more. Most of the additional costs such as import duties are typically the responsibility of the receiver. What people who argue argue bitcoin don't seem to get is that you don't need the participation of banks at all. If an individual offers any good or service in exchange for bitcoins they can get bitcoins so long as the people with bitcoins wants that good or service. There was a perfect example here on HN the other day. Someone would purchase electronics products from Newegg for HNers in other countries in exchange for bitcoin. The cost in bitcoins was equal to the cost of the product in USD converted to bitcoins plus an operating margin. The flatter the World gets the more likely that bitcoin is likely to have utility. All the naysayers keep harping on about how bitcoin will never gain mainstream acceptance in the US. They're partially right. The mainstream US is not the target market. Bitcoin will probably enjoy some mainstream acceptance in the US, but it will probably be a long time from now and occur well after it enjoys mainstream success in some foreign market. The key global feature that makes bitcoin viable is a functioning and reliable postal service. Beyond that all that is necessary is a robust reputation management system. With those two features, you can transact easily and simply with anyone in the World without ever dealing with US banks. That's the key piece to get here. In the long-term, regulation of US banks prohibiting bitcoin will hurt banks more than bitcoin, because it just means that they won't be able to participate. The key to a functioning bitcoin economy is not the middlemen such as banks. The key are enough endpoints so that there are enough goods and services you want to buy in bitcoin that uses charge in bitcoin and then maintain the currency until they spend it on a good or service they want. Everyone focuses on the banks and intermediaries, but it's the quantity and diversity endpoints (buyers/sellers) that truly matter. Bitcoin has greater fungibility than oil, coal or gold and can be exchanged electronically with anyone in the World. Is bitcoin competitive with the Dollar, the Euro or the Yen? No, it isn't competitive with those currencies or many other currencies. If, however, you abandon a developed country centric viewpoint, there are plenty of secondary and tertiary markets where bitcoin is competitive with the domestic currency. If you've ever lived abroad you know that you simply don't have access to the same goods and services that people in the US and Europe enjoy. It's a huge pain to purchase US goods and services from abroad. The transaction costs are very high. Increasingly individuals want to be able to trade as if the world is flat and it's very difficult and banks siphon off lots of money with unnecessarily high fees. This makes some goods entirely unpurchasable because the fees become a significant part of the cost. That right there is a great example of a buy-side willing to spend bitcoins. For bitcoin to gain traction in the US you need a buy-side here. This is where the US War on Drugs makes bitcoin attractive. Drugs will always be in demand. Always. Anyone who tells you otherwise is full of it. You now have a medium of exchange which makes trade much much safer for individuals involved in clandestine activities. Personally, I'm neither for or against these activities. I'm just making an observation. I actually and for a Portugal-style approach that treats drugs as a social problem and not a criminal problem. So long as drugs remain a criminal problem you will have a buy-side here in the US. Now, if those at the top of the drug pyramid start seeing significant benefits from trading in bitcoin, they will start adopting it. Bitcoin is safer because it eliminates the money laundering risk from their business, which is pretty much the only activity that is truly centrally observable by a government. On top of that, money laundering is a significant cost of doing business and AFAIK is probably comparable to the fees Apple charges developers for in-app subscriptions. If bitcoin demand moves down the drug distribution pyramid it only becomes a matter of time before dealers are going to start wanting to collect at least a portion of their costs in bitcoin. As I said, I'm neither for or against these activities, but this is a sufficiently large and stable market to eventually help stabilize the value of bitcoins and make it tradable in other contexts in other countries. If Square can be successful in helping individuals transact with other individuals, then so can bitcoin ... eventually. The moment you abandon a Dollar or Euro centric viewpoint it become far more obvious how bitcoin can gain legitimacy in other contexts. As far as the US is concerned the bitcoin will probably remain a currency for illegal activities until it becomes so commonplace for those activities that it starts crossing over to the mainstream among drug purchasers. Keep in mind that 47.1% of the US have used illegal drugs. You are assuming that your dealer will always be in the US and local. AFAIK small amounts of many drugs for personal use are not hard to send through the postal service. From what I read on the Gawker article, Silk Road permits Americans to buy from a dealer they've never met before from anywhere in the world based solely on reputation. No one in their right mind would pay a dealer via a bank transfer because of the paper trail it leaves, but they probably wouldn't be too concerned with transferring bitcoins. For many, you may have a greater risk of being defrauded, but you've eliminated risk associated with dealing with drug dealers in person. For some people this is an acceptable tradeoff in risk, especially since people have been robbed at gun-point by dealers. Interestingly, services like Silk road have the potential to eliminate much of the violence associated with the drug trade because physical proximity of the counter-parties is eliminated. You can't get beat up and shot by someone you never have to meet. In my opinion the number one threat to the mainstream adoption of bitcoin in the US would be the legalization of Marijuana. Marijuana is so widely used that it is the one commodity that prevents the social graph of potential bitcoin users in the US from being full of wholes. You don't need banks or wallets. You just need reputation management. Users can trade amongst themselves if every user in a market has visibility into the reputation of their counterparties. Even using untraceable pseudonyms, there is economic value in having a high trading reputation. Oftentimes companies on eBay and in other markets are able to command a price premium over their competitors based largely on their reputation. B&H PhotoVideo is a perfect example of this. They don't have the lowest prices, but they have easily the best reputation on the web, especially among professionals and consumers that purchase the types of products they sell. They are extremely successful and many people I know purchase from them based largely on their reputation. The general equation that would govern whether counterparty A would defraud counterparty B would basically be: if the value of price premium of Counterparty A's reputation multiplied by trading volume is greater than the transaction amount then they have an economic incentive to remain honest. Of course this equation isn't that simple. For example, the reputation damage from one fraudulent transaction committed by Counterparty A would not ripple through the system immediately. This means that if Counterparty A wanted to extract the maximum value from his reputation at the cost of torpedoing his reputation, he would be able to commit as many fraudulent transactions as his daily transaction volume multiplied by the number of days it takes for fraud to be reported in the reputation system. So long as the "speed of fraud reporting" is small, Counterparty A can enjoy very little economic value from torpedoing his reputation, expect in the case that the transaction amounts are very very high. One way to increase the amount that could be transacted solely on reputation would be to apply relationship data to reputation. i.e. my reputation helps/hurts the reputation of those that I vouch for and vice versa. Such a system would greatly reduce the incentive to defraud others, because you'd have to hurt those that placed their trust in you. This system is of course vulnerable to Bernie Madoff types that take advantage of the trust of their in-group, but then again everyone who put their money in with Bernie Madoff are idiots who are in deniable about their financial stupidity. I think people greatly overestimate the capabilities of any government, US or otherwise, to police parcels coming in and out of the country. The overwhelming majority of drug war dollars are spent on going after big busts. There practically is no budget for postal packages unless there is something suspicious about them. This policy of course would change if the drug market experiences a shift from locally sourced to postal sourced. The only drugs that make sense to source locally are those that can be grown locally, namely marijuana and mushrooms. Almost all others are fair game for postal sourcing. The best reason for being employee #20 is the chance to grow with the organization and take on a leadership role in a company early on so you can be sitting pretty when the company is a 1000 people (assuming you are competent enough to grow with the company). Small growing companies provide more vertical mobility than a 1000 person company (unless that 1000 person company is growing the same % YoY as the small company, but this is unlikely, since the % YoY growth typically slows as a company grows.) Having worked with VMware in the past and spent literally millions of dollars in licenses, I had the opportunity to meet lots of VMware employees. My observations is that the company had some very technically brilliant people, but also a lot of people that epitomize the super smart MBA that but naïve MBA that can understand high level business models and financial cleverness, but that are terrible business people because they are completely oblivious to the skill that all great business people have and that is empathy for your customer. This is ridiculous. I'm glad I'm not in a position where I am their customer anymore. They don't. Amazon is built off the FOSS version of Xen - http://xen.org/ My comments that I posted in the comments on the original blog post, slightly modified: === Quora most certainly does solve a problem: “Tacit knowledge extraction” I have a question, whose answer may not exist anywhere in written form (e.g. no reference book, no wiki, no manual, no whitepaper, etc.). The answers do however lie in the heads of people, very very smart knowledgable people. Quora has created a system whereby a user with a question can pose it in a forum where those with the answer will see it and feel compelled to answer. Quora is performing tacit knowledge extraction at the macro-level. However, there is no reason that this same problem can’t be solve at the institutional level as well, using only a slightly modified version of the solution the Quora team has built. === On the issue of badges and traditional game mechanics, I wholly disagree that Quora needs such features, and I would even argue that it would be a worse product if it did have them. For the most part, the game mechanics you are referring to are almost all behavioral game mechanics, whereby intrinsic motivation is replaced with extrinsic motivation in the form of totems and tokens (badges, mayorships, in-game money, etc.). When you apply extrinsic motivators where intrinsic motivators already exist, you get three results: (1) An increase in short-to-medium term user engagement, but this comes as a cost of (2) Losing intrinsic motivators that a difficult to regain once lost, and (3) A possible loss of contribution quality, because users are now engineering their answers for upvotes and not focusing on answering the original question. Oftentimes these two will be aligned, but not always. The correct type of game mechanics to apply (and that for the most part are already part of Quora in some ways already) are combinatorial game mechanics that don’t reward individual achievement, but collaboration and cooperation. These types of game mechanics are far more subtle than the behavioral game mechanics used by companies like Zynga. StackOverflow is unique in that it is largely based on combinatorial game mechanics, with the use of some behavioral game mechanics to guide the user into exploring the webapp. Notice that I said exploring . As webapps get larger, you need to establish “exploration patterns” to the app to make sure the user gets the most out of the app. SO uses badges for this. Many other sites use single-use tooltips such as those that can be created with guiders.js. Here they are using extrinsic motivators for a behavior that will only be performed once (exploration by definition is only done once), thus there is no product risk from usurping/deadening the value of intrinsic motivators using extrinsic motivators. There is however one exception on SO where they use behavioral game mechanics to solicit user behavior that should be performed in perpetuity, which is to hand out depth of knowledge badges for contributions to certain topic verticals. There is a serious possible long-term consequence of these badges for tasks in perpetuity, but it may be a long-time before we find out whether the risks outweighs the benefit. For example, SO hands out bronze, silver and gold badges for topic X. This is replacing an intrinsic motivation (helping your fellow developer with the problem; reciprocal altruism) with an extrinsic motivator (bronze/silver/gold badges. A possible consequence of this approach is that some people (how many as a percentage, we don’t yet know) may only actively participate in the site until they achieve the badges they want in that vertical as part of their reputation. So the first risk here is the possibility of a drop in topic engagement after the user has achieved all totems for that topic. And example of a better game mechanic, that is typically viewed as traditional game mechanic, but has been implemented in Quora as a combinatorial game mechanic is the notion of a topic leaderboard titled “Top Answerers”, which I believe is upvote weighted. . First, the upvote weighting makes sure that quality of answers is more important than quantity of answers for a topic in determining who is ranked most highly. Second, there are no notifications alerting top answerers that they’ve become top answerers. It’s not like the user wakes up one day, checks Quora and sees a feed item saying “Congratulations, you are now a top answerer for the Javascript topic.” Doing so would shift the focus from intrinsic motivation via reciprocal altruism to extrinsic motivation via the fostering of competition among top answerers. Finally, Quora’s product management approach of only displaying just enough quantity/quality metrics to the end users prevents misplaced emphasis on competition and PeopleRank. The only places you really see competition metrics in the interface are upvotes on an answer and number of answers in the top answerers leaderboard. I could even be argued that Quora may want to experiment with not listing these two numbers at all. For example, Hacker News recently did away with displaying the number of upvotes alongside topic comments. This removal of competition metric from the interface effectively turns a mixed behavioral/combinatorial game mechanic to a pure combinatorial game mechanic. I forget the exact thread where Paul Graham discussed the benefits of removing upvote count from comments, but the fact that his change has stuck is proof that a combinatorial approach that is subtle and may not look like game mechanics at all to the untrained eye is better than a behavioral approach that rewards undesirable behavior. === Ultimately, Quora is fun for people who would rank highly on high-need-for-cognition. That’s it’s target audience. It does not and would not want to modify the product to target people with a low need for cognition, since doing so would reduce contribution quality and drive away the users who have a high need for cognition and contribute heavily. References: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need_for_cognition http://portal.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1951356 === The only point in this article that I agree with is the “echo chamber” effect and feed utility problem. However, feed utility is not a problem unique to Quora. Twitter and Facebook both suffer from feed utility issues due to signal to noise ratios in the feeds. This is one of the biggest problems in social network design and each social network, by virtue of catering to a different audience with different needs will have to find their own solutions to improve signal-to-noise. I know, I’m working on a startup with a feed with a very focused task and all feed improvements revolve around serving the needs associated with that one task. (FYI We’re not in stealth, since if you know me personally, I’ll gladly share it with you, but I’m not about to post our product design on the web just yet.) On this last problem it may be interesting to have two feeds. A feed of all the stuff I like and find interesting via follows of people and topics. This is the serendipitous, consumption focused feed. And a second feed that includes all the topics that the user contributes most often to. This second feed should help solid contributors get back to contributing instead of having their time sucked up with consumption of all sorts of useful and useless knowledge. I've been in your shoes. I used to work at Banco Itaú in Brazil and spent 6 months trying to get them to let in Apple or Linux machines in a company with like 28,000 windows machines. I also got away with having large plants on my desk even though it was against the rules. How did I get away with even that much and was it worth it? To get a new technology introduced, I had to escalate my issue all the way to the CEO of the Bank. This was only possible because I was not an IT employee. I was one of the well paid financial analysts with a fair amount of clout in our area of the bank. I would not have been able to convince the bank of any change had I not worked for a profit center of the bank. As you are in IT, you are part of a cost center (accept this as a fact of life). The only way you are going to make any changes in any reasonable time frame is if someone in a profit center champions your cause. Cost center areas of the bank rarely will be able to raise their issue high enough to make any difference. Banks make money hand over fist so as long as a cost center like IT doesn't get in the way of making money, the top brass just won't care. They won't and no amount of believing that they will will make them think otherwise. Banks are large rent-seeking institutions run by people who just want to make as much money as possible to retire early or keep up with the joneses. I promise you that few if any of these people will care about your plight. They certainly don't see suits and dull dreary offices as part of the problem. Watch American Psycho. Many like the suits (because they are probably wearing Armani and Gucci suits and then spend their evenings in restaurants and bars where women notice that kind of thing). The fact that you are wearing suits will not be seen as problem for them. They may even wonder why you wouldn't want to wear a suit. I was the only financial analyst that didn't leave the bank for lunch without my suit jacket when it was 100 degrees outside and humid. They like the suits. They command power and respect. Was it worth wasting my time on trying to change the culture at the bank? NO. NO. NO. NO. Don't bother. You'll fight tooth and nail for a year for a tiny concession if you are lucky and you'll always wish things were better. Well they can be better, but not in the bank. Go elsewhere. Go work with real engineers and tech people in a business where tech is a profit center. You will only ever be happy in a company where the job you do is part of a profit center. Leave. Trust me. Leave. I've been out of the bank for 3 years now and after working at two tech companies in the meantime, I'm now building my own startup with some friends and learning so much more about tech and business than a lifetime of working at a bank would have taught me. If I had stayed at the bank, I probably would be making a half million to a million dollars per year with bonus by now. I'm currently near broke and bootstrapping and could not be happier. I can't afford vacations or nice cars, but I also don't work a shit job where those are the only things in my life that I have to look forward to. If you still decide to give it a shot, check out the links from Robin_Message's answer and the book Fearless Change, which is a pattern language book with culture change patterns to help you solve the problems you encounter. I wish I had had that book when I was trying to change things at the bank. With a solid Github and/or StackOverflow reputation. I reckon the former is more valuable than the latter because it results in code being produced as opposed to just discussed. I'm looking for a hacker house in the Bay Area at the moment, but I wish there were more hacker houses in a more reasonable price range. $1100 is a lot for anyone trying to bootstrap and keep their burn rate as low as possible. $1100 is cheap for a nice room or studio with your own bath, but there certainly are many options cheaper than $1100. I've stayed with friends spending $400-600 in SF in the Mission, Downtown and Tenderloin areas, and these aren't people that have been living there for years under rent control. A search on Craigslist shows a lot of options in SF for under $800. Hacker Houses of course have the added benefit that they are also a productive place to work and thus don't require you to pay for an open desk in a co-working space. Artist houses are a much better example of how low you can go insofar as living costs are concerned. I wish there were more hackers that were interested in the approach artists take. Since you're 15 years old I assume you have free rent and free food. What else do you need money for? Would it take you so long to build this on your own that you'd lose time to market? Backend: Rails & Node.js Frontend: Backbone.js, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3 I just moved to the Bay Area and I'm really looking forward to this. Out of curiosity, what kind of activities are there going to be to promote ice breaking and networking? I ask because all the best events I've been to always make sure to pay as much attention to promoting networking as they do the speakers. On top of that, would it be possible to make sure the name tags are really big and easy to read casually at a distance. It's always much easier to strike up a conversation when you can glance at someone's name tag and easily read their name, twitter handle or HN handle without having to lean in and stare. I completely agree. John raises a lot of good points, but most have a little too much fanboyism. However this post in particular is particularly insightful and raises excellent points for discussion While it's not the cheapest, I believe Rocketspace is probably the best option for private offices for 3-5 people. Javascript - Eloquent Javascript; DOM Scripting HTML - Dive into HTML5. CSS - Books by Eric Meyer or Dan Cederholm Sites: Quirksmode, CSS-Tricks PHP and MySQL. Don't bother with either yet. You probably think you need to learn them due to popularity. You don't or at least probably don't unless you know you are going to be working with Wordpress, Drupal, Joomla or other PHP and MySQL based platform. You're probably going to need HTML, CSS and Javascript. Stick to those technologies for the time being. Once you know them well enough, you should know enough to choose your backend stack. If you aren't working with a platform that specifically requires you to use PHP and MySQL, it's likely that you'll end up using Ruby, Python or Javascript on the backend given recent and current trends. Even though it won't be sexy, learn javascript before jQuery. The problem in Beijing is painfully obvious if you've ever experienced the traffic jams there. The main cause of the jams other than cars is badly designed on-ramps and off-ramps onto the ring roads. Beijing has a very unique on-ramp/off-ramp solution that I have yet to encounter in any other city. When they were first designed and put into use they made a lot of sense. A friend of mine who has lived in the city since 1999, said that back in the day there were almost no cars on the road and huge avenues. The on-ramps and off-ramps were designed and put into place at around this time. The problem with the ramps is the the on-ramp leads onto the ring road and about 100m later there is an off-ramp. Once the traffic gets really bad the exiting traffic blocks the flow of the entering traffic. Once that happens the entire city comes to a stop because this on-ramp/off-ramp problem cascades throughout the city and everywhere becomes blocked. LinkedIn actually had pretty poor info when it comes to startups and the people who work at them. The professional social network for startups works well enough that many people have never felt a need to exploit LinkedIn connections for their next gig. It's often salespeople who most appreciate what LinkedIn has to offer. LinkedIn has always been surprisingly bad at capturing the professional network value in asymmetrical relationships. Great professionals and influencers (which YC founders are likely to be) are those that avoid LinkedIn the most because it's a distraction. Those are basically the same types of questions I have as well. I reckon there is a lot to be learned from the YC network of startups. It's a great space for a grad student at Stanford's or Berkeley's iSchools to investigate. I think you're looking at the problem all wrong. The question is not whether she is the right co-founder to present to PG, JL, etc., for the sake of applying to YC. Instead, you should be asking yourself if she is the right person to be building a company with. A startup is essentially a shotgun marriage where the company is the baby. Can you see he being the right person to bring a company into this world? If the answer is "yes" then start working with her. Whatever you do, don't base your decision on what YC is or is not looking for. They look for teams that have qualities that suggest success and that are aligned with their investment thesis. If you have a team that doesn't fit into their investment thesis, but is the right team, then that's all that matters. AFAIK, the regulatory environment of his target market changed due to the lobbying of the Money Servies Round Table. The changes made to the law resulted in the company, which was previously legal, to fun afoul of the law. Interesting. Are there any lessons you learned upon going back that are particularly memorable? No offense, but these time doctor.com blog posts seem like they are being up voted to the front page more to promote the company than for the content. There are no comments and the content quality is below what is typical for HN. This looks more like what would have appeared on Digg several years ago than HN quality. The list doesn't appear to be very current, but what's worse is the convenient "inclusion" of the Time Doctor product itself at the end of the list of the "best collaboration tools for virtual teams". This is shameless self promotion masquerading as a relevant HN post. The solution to solving the "swindles" problem will be reputation. With the internet it's possible to record an incredible level of detail regarding the reputation of people seeking investments and the business they are building (if it already exists). If swindling becomes a problem, you can be sure that the market will work to provide a solution to that problem. To get the conversation going: http://www.quora.com/How-can-the-job-of-M-A-dealmakers-be-au... Question #1: Why didn't Google decide to instead contribute to Less or Sass, instead of coming up with something new? Question #2: Why did Google come out with their own solution that has matured in the vacuum instead of involving the community earlier on? This approach at best fails and at worst fragments the market further. Observation #1: When there are two very established solutions in the market, Sass and Less, you need to point out why these two come up short and why you are coming out with something new. Simply stating "we have a Google version of the tools you already use with the same feature set" isn't a very compelling sales pitch. Next question: Why now? If this was being worked on for several years, why wasn't it released much sooner? I have nothing against projects coming from Google. I'm all in favor of it. However I think Google acts as a much better open-source citizen when it adopts a posture like it has with HTML5. With HTML5, Google got involved early and publicly and one of their employees works as a benevolent dictator, which in the case of HTML5 is Ian Hixie. When a project is released from some company, with no real defined ownership in the form of one human being or a small team at that company, it is a far less compelling project to get involved with, and the likelihood of a community being formed around it is low. This Senator simply doesn't understand that the Internet exists because of those technical concerns, not despite them. Internet > American intellectual property For this to succeed, you need to reserve a lot of the legitimate .com addresses and have them mirror their .com counterparts. If you don't mimic .com as closely as possible for all entities that matter (real people and real organizations) then .bit is dead in the water. Small businesses are typically based on an established business model. Restaurants, bars, retail outlets, etc., count as small businesses. Startups in contrast are an organization in search of a business model. Once it finds one it doubles down on the product search with a viable business model and develops it to profitability. From a UX standpoint, I would go with the link to Luke Wroblewski's article on primary and secondary actions. From a semantic HTML standpoint, I use the following criteria when links and buttons are both styled visually as buttons: Link, tag: Persistent resource. Is it something you can GET and expect to be able to GET again in the future. Button, tag: An action modifying or changing a resource. Typically performs a POST, PUT or DELETE. A successful result that isn't local (i.e. client-side) will likely receive an object the was subject to the modification performed when the button was pressed. While there may be some conflict in the UX view and the semantic HTML view, I would contend that a "cancel" link when it is a secondary action is often unnecessary. In a modal dialog, the X icon in the top left or right corner performs the same action. In a mobile interface, the back button (physical like on an Android device or virtual like in iOS apps or the browser back button) performs the same action as cancel. The only situation I can think of where a "cancel" link like in LukeW's article makes sense is where the action is an AJAX modification of the page, like when you "edit" a part of a question on Quora for example. That's really one of the few times I can think of where a "cancel" link next to an "Okay" button makes sense. The link to this on the theverge.com adds nothing. Submit the link to the original article on Wired. The people making you this offer are either greedy or clueless. I would be wary. Unless these are people with a solid track record in delivering great products and handling the business side of things, they need you more than you need them. Automattic's ToS and PP are licensed under CC. You can use them as a starting point. http://en.wordpress.com/tos/ While you certainly can save money editing your own ToS and PP, be aware that this is a time consuming process. I've worked on ours (It's not yet done, but when it is it will be released under the same license as Automattic's) Be sure to read Antone Johnson's answers about ToS and PP on Quora: http://www.quora.com/Is-it-a-reasonable-hack-to-copy-paste-a... http://www.quora.com/What-are-some-ways-to-prevent-and-or-de... http://www.quora.com/How-do-I-find-a-specialist-to-write-a-T... FINALLY, MAKE SURE YOU GET A REAL LAWYER TO REVIEW WHATEVER YOU DRAFT BEFORE YOU USE IT. Ask them the price to draft one for you for scratch, then use that to negotiate a better price to just review the one you already wrote. You might want to use version control with Automattic's ToS and PP, so that they can see what you've changed. [DISCLAIMER: I am not a lawyer. This post does not constitute legal advice. Use at your own risk] Unfortunately the legal documents suck hard. Most legal documents were written for lawyers and courts to execute and only incidentally for humans to read. Our ToS, when I'm finally done with it will have quite a few parts which may be more use to you than the Wordpress one. Wordpress focuses on a product with a tenant structure, where each tenant "owns" their domain. Our product is more like Twitter, Foursquare or Quora, where you have users in a shared space. Check out my profile for my company domain. The ToS and PP should be posted by the end of December when we go public with our product. IMHO: It was logically weak and largely anecdotal. It made reference to a study where the name was changed from a woman's name to a man's name. We don't know when the study was published. We don't know if that was just one example out of many that conveniently illustrated her point. All the rest of the article was based on her own experience (sample size: 1 woman) and nothing else. This makes it very different from the anonymous post on Reddit recently about salary negotiation. In the case of the Reddit post, the author had hired hundreds of people and probably was talking about a statistically significant sample size. Very weak article overall. I would have commented on the Atlantic about it, but there's no comments section. The correct rebuttal to the OP on Reddit would be a double-blind study where women and men with the same résumés were interviewed for the same position with subjects given the same HR instructions as the OP. The men and women are each broken up into two groups (for a total of four), each employing the salary negotiation tactics described by the OP. Closure, being basically LISP, has the benefits of S-expressions. S-expressions are a super powerful language feature when it comes to natural language processing. Given how much is being done around NLP these days, it's natural for there to be a lot going on work-wise with Clojure. I also agree with Madhouse's explanation of the steeper learning curve. The biggest problem with the steep learning curve is that there are far fewer examples in the wild of solving business problems with Haskell. The library support that Madhouse mentioned also compounds this problem. I would appreciate if the person who voted this down could at least explain why this answer deserved it. Learn to program. Seriously. I know this isn't the answer you're expecting, but there is nothing you can do that will better prepare you to manage developers. I managed one very technically complex product (VPS service like Slicehost/Rackspace, where the customers were also developers) and one consumer based product (micropayment provider for social games before I finally bit the bullet and learned to program (I'm now the hustler and one of the hackers at a startup I founded) I would have been far far more effective at those previous two positions if I knew then what I know today. My recommendation, especially if you work with any product where the interface and user experience matters, is to learn Javascript. Specifically, I would suggest Eloquent Javascript by M. Haverbeke. I would rather they defer the handling of plugins to Github. The social features of Github makes it easy to evaluate what plugins are popular among respected developers. Github also encourages contribution to an existing plugin as opposed to creating two dozen plugins that all do the same thing. We use Asana. I prefer it over other things I've used such as Pivotal Tracker and Jira. From my experience, Jira is geared at large silo-ed companies, where you need to spend time defining processes. It's very inorganic. I liked Pivotal Tracker, but the whole agile thing proved to be a bit too inflexible at the startup I founded with some friends. It did work well at a larger startup of about 30-40 people, where a bit of process rigidity was kind of useful. It would be interesting if I had Asana available to have tried at that company. Jira was used at the first tech company I worked at. Waaaaay too process focused. Detracted from those who actually do work. That being said, I can see how it would be an asset at a large company with A people to C people and high turnover. These days I'm mulling a "pull request" based approach for certain types of programming tasks and everything else in Asana. I'm curious where classical computer science topics like algorithms and data structures fit into the equation. I ask because I've seen a heavy focus on "puzzle" interview questions that AFAICT end up self-selecting for people with solid algorithms and data structure experience, since more often than not, an elegant, fast solution requires a classic comp sci education. The Noel Smith-Wenkle salary negotiation method: http://infohost.nmt.edu/~shipman/org/noel.html It depends. I started on my startup with my father (a startup founder in the 90s and a interim CEO for a failing startup. Neither were tech businesses) and the ~35 or so year gap proved to be a burden given the business model and culture I and my other co-founder wanted to establish. Tech startup business models and cultures can be very different from established business models and cultures. This can be very stressful if your older partner isn't psychologically ready to adapt their experience, because the truth is that they may have to be very flexible. Expectations became a huge source of conflict for use. If you want to discuss this personally, shoot me an email. There will always be those who prostitute themselves out to build the software to support the bill. Some companies, those most likely to be be the victim of litigation by those in favor of the bill will have no choice but to implement the software due to the threat of litigation damages. However, the best way to combat litigation damages would be a threat to those same companies from every network that connects to them. i.e. an internet embargo against any company that implements the filtering and changes to the DNS. At the end of the day networks need to connect to other networks. If a company implements software that filters it, every network that doesn't have the same obligation can embargo those businesses so that those businesses have no choice but to fight the MPAA and RIAA. Treat those that implement the technology like a cancer and "excise" them from the network. Following the money is the only way to prevent the technological implementation of SOPA from spreading. There needs to be an equally or more costly financial threat from the anti-SOPA companies. It doesn't even need to be at the network level. The browser level is sufficient. Chrome, Firefox and Internet explorer (built by 3 organizations that are against SOPA) could all embargo sites at the browser level in the default installations of the browsers. The majority of Internet dollars travel through the browser. The browsers could sniff for DNS systems implementing SOPA and blacklist them. If your DNS implements SOPA then you aren't part of the internet. If they want a browser that supports networks that implement SOPA, let them build it themselves and spend time and money trying to get their browser adopted. The search engine level is another approach. Google, Bing and DuckDuckGo could reduce the search rank of every site on networks that implements SOPA. SOPA uses legislation to break the technological contract that keeps the internet together. Break the technological contract and you should no longer part of the Internet. If you have the right to quit and find another job it's still prostitution regardless of your personal circumstances. Prostitutes have bills to pay too. The only prostitutes that qualify as hostages would be those that end up in that profession due to human trafficking. If you were human trafficked into building software to support the bill, I could see your point. You can turn off the emails if they don't work for you. I find that the emails make sure stuff gets checked and handled in a timely manner. Most other tools require self-discipline from the rest of the team. They need to check whatever tool to keep on top of things. Most tools that don't have a "pull" approach have a higher chance of failing to be adopted. The only thing I miss is integration into something like Campfire. I would like to see integration with Github pull requests. I think that Github is far better environment to discuss development issues, because comments/discussions are inlined with the code and Github Flavored Markdown makes communicating easier. Django (and Rails)(and their ORM) are easy solutions, but they are solutions that complect and therefore are not simple. Yup, shitty-ness is in the eye of the beholder. I wish that every time a discussion of syntax came up, we'd be as quick to make reference to Wadler's law as we are to make reference to Godwin, when Nazi's are brought into the picture. http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Wadlers_Law Arguing syntax is more often then not pretty absurd, unless you are arguing how the syntax actually changes semantics (like with S-expressions and overloaded parens). I would venture to guess that the lack of such libraries is more the result of community focus. The rails community (and by extension ruby) is generally more product focused, whereas the python community (and by extension django) are more science focused. I intentionally ordered the language and the framework differently for each because most people who use ruby/rails, got into that community for the sake of the framework, whereas most of the people who use python/django, got into that community for the sake of the language. Finally, python has a much greater adoption among in the academic world, so it's natural to expect that its community will have built more academic libraries like those you mentioned. Node.js and Javascript are seeing adoption among those interested in real-time applications, evented systems and applications that bridge the chasm between the client and the server, so it is natural to expect that more libraries focused on problems within those domains. One thing I like that I've seen from the node.js community is that the fact that they are developing with the same language on both the client and server, that they consider them one in the same. The only thing separating the two is latency and connection reliability. The latency issue is psychologically not much different than having a bias for doing things in memory and avoiding disk IO server-side. The lack of connection robustness is likely to evolve into solutions that mirror the problems that the erlang/OTP community has spent a lot of time solving. The ecosystem around languages are heavily influenced by the strengths and weaknesses of the communities that adopt them, and the community that adopts them is largely the result of which problems that language is well suited for either by language design or historical coincidence (e.g. Javascript is in the browser) Not necessarily. Sometimes the lack of libraries isn't solely because it is the wrong technology, but because it is the wrong community. Language and community are pretty intertwined. LISP for example is a great technology for a lot of things, but library-wise it suffers because within that community there is a tendency for people to "roll their own" solutions. Java has tons of libraries, but I'm not sure most people would say it's the right technology for a lot of things. It's generally the right technology for projects that involve lots of developers with mixed levels of ability (before some Java person down votes me for this, consider that Gosling himself made this point back in the mid-90s when he invented the language) I now have two down votes for this answer. Can someone please explain why this deserved a downvote. Check out YouTube videos on Controllerism. The user Moldover has some great stuff. I mentioned Rails because Django and Rails are extremely similar as they try to solve the same problem with similar approaches. The differences in how the two work come down to philosophy. Rails trades a lot more simplicity for ease of use with its "convention over configuration" approach. Django chooses more simplicity over ease of use. If I were to diagram those two and Node.js, I'd say it looks like this: Easy Simple Rails Django Node.js Yup. It was such a good talk, I assumed it had made the rounds among HNers that I didn't need to link to is. I assumed wrong. It is a brilliant talk. The only part that he left out of the discussion, but is worthy of a talk in its own right is the notion of the community (formation and characteristics) as one of the artifacts that result from the constructs of a language. While I understand the value of secrecy for a dozen or so people to work things out free from the outside influence of special interests, I think this argument severely discounts the benefits of having lots of interested people discuss the issue in a forum. In Brazil, we've have a lot a of success drafting some documents in a public space. The beauty of doing things in the public is that ideas cannot be presented separately from the person responsible. Every idea is traceable to its author. TBH, I can't think of one idea that I would want to become law where the author shouldn't be held accountable. Accountability breeds civility. I agree with modeless in that duplication of effort is a non-problem. AFAIK The Node community is taking a different more scalable approach to community management that is painful short-term (especially for those looking for a Rails, Drupal, Django experience) and more valuable and scalable long-term. Curation creates bottlenecks, single points of failure and is very subjective. The fact that members of the community are thinking about objective ways to measure modules is better for the community long-term. Quality of the code in packages is important because it suggests that the module will be more maintainable and extensible long-term. But that is just one factor. I hope the community leverages weighted social proof as a way to suggest which modules are fittest and should survive and prosper. Those developers who are most active in the community and contribute the most are also people that ship code and rely on the code of others in the community. One of the best way to determine which modules to use would be by weighted popularity where the usage of a module by someone of importance in the community carries more weight than usage by a non-contributer. Basically, the idea of number of "watches" and "forks" in github needs to be taken to its logical conclusion because not all watches and forks are created equal. I would imagine that these are the kinds of issues the node community is considering as they try to come up with a scalable, objective way to manage what succeeds. Personally I think this is a much better solution than the approach in other communities where certain library/technologies are foisted upon you under the auspices of convention over configuration. Some communities no longer just defining conventions that are widely adopted, but are picking winners and losers among newer technologies instead of allowing time for the community decide. The community and open source projects around Node.js are growing too fast to subject it to curation and expect the truly great projects to emerge naturally. As an endnote, the Drupal community and node.js community are fundamentally different in their approach. Drupal is an entire platform and framework, where many of the decisions of which module to use are make for you and you accept them or have to hack away to change that decision. This works in the Drupal community because by and large the problem space, content management, Drupal addresses is much smaller than that of Node.js, any problem that is better solution with asynchronous non-blocking I/O. You may also want to checkout the project pages for the most recent Node.js Knockout. Those pages often list all the modules used by the teams. To find modules worth knowing about, I started by looking at the modules used by the winning teams. In fact, the best way to get into any community and know what projects matter is to find out who matters and then follow them to the projects that do matter. Duplication of effort leaves more room for experimentation, so it's not all bad. If there was only one canonical version of all modules, it would be very limiting. For problems that are deemed solved or community issues, having one or canonical module is great. A good example of this is JSLint and JSHint. For problems that at TIMTOWTDI, duplication of effort allows exploration of the problem space. Once the right location for the new hive has been found we'll just headbutt the other worker bees into submission :P That's basically what I had in mind too -> edgerank for libraries. I reckon you'd need to have some sort of decay function that is relative to the amount of activity in that problem domain. In inactive problem domains (such as linting, which these days sees few commits and has almost no competition), you wouldn't need as strong a decay coefficient. Lack of activity suggests a solved problem or something that is no longer a problem. Highly active areas such as asset management (ender.js, browserify, require.js, etc.) you'd probably need some sort of coefficient for that problem domain. Tagging could be used to strictly or loosely assign packages to a problem domain. Acceleration is another issue worth considering. How quickly is a project being adopted among those that matter. Anyways, it's not a trivial problem to solve by any means once you get around to measuring social aspects surrounding a module, but it certainly is a step in the right direction. It's also a problem whose solution can be continually refined. TBH, I reckon that any refined system is going to look increasingly like a financial mark where certain behaviors are analogous to actions like put and call options. It'd be awesome to have a smidgen of transparency into private repositories in the form of aggregated gripping of the require() statements in active private projects. You could go even farther and look at the number of method invocations of a particular library. It would be cool to be able to view such data in the same way Google Trends works. For example, it'd be interesting to compare optimist, nopt, commander and nomnom. (going to stop now because I'm just rambling now. hehe) I would think that the type of person that is a designgineer is likely to be informally trained, usually starting as a design person and becoming increasingly more technical over time. Because of this, I reckon they would do poorly at a lot of the types of technical interviews that are in fashion today, such as puzzle interviews and data structure/algorithm questions that you'd probably only do well with if you had a computer science background. "Tell me how you would go about building an efficient maze generator" is the wrong kind of question for these people. "How would you go about building token-field interface from scratch in javascript" would be a better question. Sites like InterviewStreet and CodeSprint don't optimize for hiring this kind of person. I'm a full-time javascript developer and entrepreneur myself, but I'm wondering why you don't consider Scheme instead, basing the course on the How to Design Programs v2 curriculum? The people behind that book have spent a lot of time thinking about how you teach programs to people. More importantly, they focus on problem decomposition and concepts that provide a great foundation for growing. The reasons I can see for using Javascript first is because everyone has a runtime available at their fingertips (M. Haverbeke's approach of including the console was great.) and because people can immediately see the utility of the language to real world needs. But does Javascript provide the best foundation for future concepts? Does it teach good habits both mental and in practice? Ref: The Structure and Interpretation of the Computer Science Curriculum http://www.ccs.neu.edu/racket/pubs/jfp2004-fffk.pdf Java isn't a language that promotes "play" like Javascript does, because it's been engineered to prevent you from shooting yourself in the foot. Play helps make learning more fun. C would be a good choice, except for the fact that memory management and pointers are a very important concept early on in the language that you really don't want to bog people down with that are completely new to programming. I remember a blog post by spolsky about how you lose a lot of people on that one concept, especially if it is poorly taught. Assume you've never programmed before. Would you want to debug a program that has a significant whitespace bug? It's much easier for the average person to spot an unbalanced parenthesis that an incorrectly sized whitespace. Getting stuck and being frustrated hurts motivation a lot. Now curly brackets and syntax may be seen by a person as an irritation or inconvenience compared to whitespace, but I'd say it's better to use a language with an inconvenience than one which is more likely to leave you stuck. You, I and others used to programming with insignificant whitespace have developed and eye for detail and can rapidly spot a whitespace but. The general population with no programming experience can't consistently space most of the documents in their life, but they can typically place periods correctly. Whitespace can be a huge gotcha for novice programmers. Hard spaces? Soft spaces? New lines? Then the problem is the course, not the language. Logo and Scheme are both lisp derivatives. Logo let people make things that were cool. There's no reason you couldn't do the same with scheme, but just giving them some higher order functions early on that display graphics. Later on people can decompose those functions. The beauty of scheme is that it's turtles all the way down. If you want to see how something works, it's easier to explore. Godaddy, with all its built up infrastructure around policing the domains registered with them, has a major financial self-interest in supporting this bill. While it may or may not increase costs for GoDaddy given all the stuff their already do, SOPA would reduce competition and increase the barriers to entry. I'm sure GoDaddy sees SOPA as a way to further consolidate market share. You've never run into problems with hard spaces vs soft spaces vs tabs? Visually they look the same, but finding those problems is a pain. What language is that snippet supposed to be in? Which companies on the list send people to Demo Day? Is it possible for a member of the US military to refuse to participate in an armed conflict that is not being wage in defense of the US Constitution? Article 1, Section 8, Clause 11 (the Wars Power clause) grants congress the right to declare war and Article 2, Section 2, Clause 1 gives the US President the title of commander in chief. The legitimacy of military power in the US derives solely from the US Constitution. If war is waged in a way that does not support the Constitution, I would imagine it should not only be every soldier's right, but duty to disobey an order. The Armed Forces Oath even suggests that should be the case: "I, (NAME), do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; and that I will obey the orders of the President of the United States and the orders of the officers appointed over me, according to regulations and the Uniform Code of Military Justice. So help me God." The Oath states that they are to defend the Constitution, not Congress, not the President, not Wall Street, etc. When soldiers take the Oath, are they also required to learn the Constitution in detail? If not, how are they to know whether or not their actions are in defense of it? It is OT from the OP and probably a better to ask this on Quora, but your comment led me to ask this question Weird. I had edited it to reference that, but my edit was saved. Doh! Glenn, there is a big difference between censoring and censuring. What Paul did was censure. Also, Paul's justification for not allowing SOPA supporters to go to Demo day makes financial sense as the primary advisor to the YCombinator companies. Demo Day is primarily an event for investors and others interesting in furthering the success of those companies in his portfolio. It's a high demand event, and in order for Paul to keep the best interest of his portfolio companies in mind should only invite those people who will add the most value. Anyone supporting SOPA clearly is supporting an action that is at best not relevant to a company in his portfolio and at worst downright bad. This doest just apply to current YCombinator companies but all future companies. This bill does nothing but does nothing but give old businesses that have ceased to innovate a stick with which they can beat the innovative companies with. If you are in the business of innovation, you'd censure such people too. I challenge you to go get anything Paul has said on this matter (ref: http://news.ycombinator.com/threads?id=pg ) and try to show that he is being a bully and not simply supporting and promoting the most rational economic decision as someone on the change/innovation side of the economy. The law should never be used to determine winners and losers. It should be there to protect the public while letting the markets decide who wins and loses. This post smacks of taking the tone of articles written by journalists expressing the journalists' own viewpoints and extrapolating those viewpoints to be extensions of Paul's intent. GoDaddy suffered a market correction as a result of rational actors behaving in their self interest. In this case the self interest was simply economic, but also an issue of freedom. GoDaddy didn't simply have an opinion, they were acting upon it. Their actions support legislation that limits freedoms, especially free speech, and sets up a dangerous precedent for further limiting freedoms. Any entity that threatens freedoms of the people should expect to be bullied by the people. Many people at some point in their lives determine that certain things are valuable enough to fight for. For a lot of people, their values were under siege by SOPA and PROTECT-IP. Bullying is what happens to a kid on a schoolyard who has done absolutely nothing to deserve the harm (usually physical) inflicted upon them. The reaction of people against GoDaddy was self-defense in the interest of self preservation. I spent two weeks traveling in Xinjiang in 2006 and everything I saw suggested that it was an occupied territory. The most obvious sign is that the population almost everywhere you traveled were ethnic Uighur, but the police forces were all ethnically Han Chinese. Prior to visiting Xinjiang, I had lived 1 year in Beijing and Handan, Hebei for 6 months. The other detail that caught me off guard is that for 1.5 years, I had not seen a police officer with a gun. Every police officer in the East of the country had a baton, but no gun. In Xinjiang, not only were the police of obviously different ethnic origin, it was not uncommon to see them armed with handguns and occasionally with an assault rifle. I don't know anything really about the issue discussed in the article other than hearsay, but there is no doubt in my mind that Xinjiang is undergoing "ethnic cleansing" by dilution. AFAIK the same is happening in Tibet. Totally agree. However, allegations that there is wrongdoing surrounding organ harvesting is nothing new, yet nothing is being done to investigate it, nor is China being proactive in inviting people to come investigate and provide over site to prove that everything is internationally acceptable. The fact that China isn't trying to prove the allegations wrong and that there is willful ignorance among other nations is frightening. People often use the argument, "This can't possibly be true, because it would be very hard to hide such atrocities.", but if anything WWII proved how easy it is to hide such gross atrocities. During World War II, no one really knew what was happening in the concentration camps until the Russians first arrived in the Majdanek camp in July, 1944 for the first time and saw it with their own eyes. Just before they arrived, the Germans spent a lot of effort to try and destroy any evidence of what had been happening. If anything, WWII proves how long people at a distance and with no local knowledge can go without knowing horrible things were occurring. From what I remember what was discovered at the Majdanek camp wasn't even that bad because the Nazis had enough time to partially cover up the gravity of what was being done. AFAIK, it wasn't until Auschwitz was discovered January, 1945, that people truly discovered the gravity of the situation. Allegations like this should be investigated by non-political independent third parties whose primary mission is preventing human rights atrocities. IMHO both humans and other entities should be innocent until proven guilty, but organizational entities, even entire countries, should be subject to investigations into allegations. Right now we have a situation where China isn't innocent, but no one has investigated to see if it might be guilty either. I've seen lots of photos related to this issue. The validity of all of them is always called into question, but given the sensitivity of this issue, I imagine that a lot is being done to maintain reasonable doubt without an investigation. Some facts are indisputable. Chinese executes more people per year than any other country. There is no accountability within the country for how these executions are carried, nor is there accountability to how they are carried out to international governing bodies. Compare how executions in the West are carried out versus China. I'd say there is more than enough evidence to warrant investigations into how these executions are carried out. I would like to see someone take all Chinese government statistics on issues like organ donors per capita, transplants performed per capita, etc. and see if they are out of line with what is seen in other countries. I wouldn't be surprised is Benford's Law could be applied to the data. There's another problem. I can't contribute to a CS project by modifying the JS, because as soon as the CS is compiled it will overwrite any changes I made to the JS. In a CS project, the JS technically shouldn't even be committed to the repository except maybe as a precompiled lib/ directory. It is also important to keep in mind that the HN community has grown a lot in the past few years and that most of that growth has come from people who are interested in tech and startups, but are not necessarily hackers. Mos' def, however I occasionally wish there was a simple line on the left hand side gutter showing only the level of nesting currently active. It is a solvable problem. The biggest problem I see with every single site out there, especially those in Seller's markets, is that they cater to the buyer first. The only apartment guide that will every work in a major city will target the person who owns the apartment and it will help that person (1) maximize revenue per month && (2) make sure the person doing the renting is trustworthy and will always be able to pay rent on time. I would say that the fact that the browser "inflicts" open-source upon organizations could be one of the best things that could happen for society. Companies for which this paradigm "doesn't fit the [company] culture" are going to have to make a choice: keep things secret server side and compromise on the UX or move things client side for the sake of a better UX and compromise on secrecy of source code. Those companies that have secrecy as a cultural value are going to be at a clear disadvantage from a UX point of view. The web is getting faster. People in general are becoming less and less tolerant of load times and other delays. The success of native apps proves this. Choosing secrecy will hurt your company unless you truly have a sauce so special that people will be tolerant of latency to taste it. Native apps are the last refuge of companies that want to maintain end-to-end secrecy throughout the entire stack. The fragmentation of smart phones suggests that web apps are the future because every apps with social features is less useful if only people with the same kind of device as you can use it. Companies will have no choice but to develop in a space that is open. As a consolation to companies with secrecy as a cultural value, the locus of computation is increasingly blurred between the browser and the server. The source code of most advanced client-side javascript apps that I've seen so far look like swiss cheese in that they're all full of holes, where the holes are functionality that is handled server side and are often the most complex tasks that an app is performing for the user. JSMentors Mailing list is good. I also found the discussion of how the language works in Section 2 of the TDDJS book really good. ( http://www.tddjs.com/ ). The TDDJS discussion of the language design is really good because it uses testing to show all the ways to create objects and has you test quirky behaviors and oddities each method to really get you to understand the finer points of the language. Think of it as Crockford's "Javascript: The Good Parts, Applied". Tags + filtering would be sooooo useful I'm 100% in favor of the content of this article, BUT the argument should only apply to the title of the post of the article on the author's own blog. A blog post author has two audiences, himself and his readers, thus his obligation is to himself and his readers. He should try to get as many eyeballs for himself and try to entertain his readers as much as possible. Hacker News has one audience, the community of hackers reading HN, thus the obligation of someone posting a link on HN is to their fellow HNers. The submitter of a link should give it a title that maximizes the utility for other Hacker News members. Karma doesn't exist for the benefit of individuals, it was instituted as an effort to promote good behavior that benefits the community. The title of the link on posted on HN should be written with the goal of providing the most utility possible to other Hackers and does not need to be the same as the post title, and in fact should be different if it can be improved to help other HNers better decide if it is a link that may interest them. When a post author submits a link on HN, they have a responsibility to the larger community first and foremost, and to themselves as the author of the blog post in a far second. It's acceptable for an author to give his post a link-bait title. It's unacceptable for a fellow HNer to give his submission a link bait title, because doing so benefits the blog post author at the expense of the HN community. When the person submitting a link is deciding what title to use for a link submission to their own article, they should determine that title based on their role/identity as a member of the HN community. To do otherwise is disrespectful. Remember: A group is its own worst enemy. http://www.shirky.com/writings/group_enemy.html Yup. The only thing that wasn't clear is that when there is a conflict of interest, such as when the submitter is also the author, that one should look out for the commons first. In your experiments with spray polyurethane foam, did you use open or closed-cell foam? I ask because you said that in your experiments it didn't insulate that well. AFAIK, open cell foam has a lower R-value than standard Styrofoam polystyrene (~3.5 vs. ~5.0). Closed-cell polyurethane foam on the other hand has an R-value of about ~6.5. The problem with closed cell foam is the weight (2.0 per cubic foot vs. 0.5 for open-cell. Even if it were too messy to use for the outer construction, it might be interesting to use it only for those components that are most temperature sensitive, such as the battery. This would also solve the battery dislodging problems you had with your first flight. I'm wondering if anyone is creating a stereolithography machine capable of printing structures using materials designed for insulation such as polyurethane/polystyrene foams and silica aerogels (R-value ~10.0. I'm also curious if using stereolithography to print honeycomb structures in a vacuum would be a good way to produce vacuum insulated structures (AFAIK R-values of 30 to 50 should be possible.) It seems like extending the operating life of the device is ideal since then it could tolerate a much slower descent and burst much higher. On #highaltitude, what were the highest altitudes others have achieved? Very interesting, but why won't it ever leave the atmosphere or at least rise far enough that it could reach the Kármán Line (~100km). The record according to jgc is ~40km. Why is it so difficult to go from 40km to 100km if these zero-pressure valves exist? (PS: I am aware the Kármán line actually has to do with aerodynamic lift (and therefore may not really be applicable to lighter than aircraft). It just chose it because it's the commonly accepted "edge of space") I do like the idea of using their own weapons against them. Do we have a list of websites to target? All we need are two groups. One group that actively posts copyrighted content on the sites and another that actively barrages those sites with takedown notices. It would basically be a DDoS using the legal system. Out of curiosity, why use helium instead of hydrogen? It's not like human lives are at risk in these experiments. I imagine you'd get more lift with hydrogen. Asana, Campfire, Dropbox, Github, Skype/iChat/GoogleHangouts That makes sense. Helium seems to be too precious a natural resource to be using in applications where hydrogen can be used safely. I highly recommend a commonly ignored part of economics and that is the economics of goods with zero marginal cost of production. The two key texts in this area are: Yochai Benkler's "The Wealth of Networks" -- This text is a bit dated (2005) and the first two chapters couldn't be more dry and boring, but after that the economic discussion in the book about how economics changes when the marginal cost of product reaches zero or near-zero is fascinating. Hal Varian's "Information Rules" -- This book covers the same ground at Yochai's book, but is less academic in tone. FYI, Varian is Google's chief economist. The one thing that you miss with a desk like this is the ability to have a far off focal point behind your monitor. When you are working and thinking hard at a desk and you want to rest your eyes, it helps to have the space behind the monitor to be open so you can gaze off into the distance. Mounting the desk on the wall means that you can only gaze at a wall to rest your eyes. If I recall correctly, this design pattern is discussed in Christopher Alexander's "A Timeless Way of Building" That's theft not piracy. The marginal cost of production of that newspaper is non-zero. The marginal cost of production for information goods is zero. Number of watchers and forks would be awesome, but including SLOC is a dubious metric IMHO. Other good metrics would be issues and pull request activity. A product with lots of pull requests and solved issues is one that is actively being used by people that probably matter. It would also be good to be able to rank modules by tags so that questions like, "what are the highest ranked testing libraries?" could be answered. Good thing there was no concept of intellectual properties rights when fire was discovered or the wheel invented. You are aware that the concept of intellectual property rights didn't even begin with the concept of a creator having monopoly rights over their creations. Instead the concept of government granted monopolies begun during the reign of Queen Elizabeth 1 with the East India Company came first. It wasn't until later that the concept of government granted monopolies was applied to intellectual goods. However, when the concept of government granted monopolies were applied to intellectual goods it was done so with the intention of maximizing the benefit of society by providing only enough incentive to encourage innovation not profits. Intellectual properties rights today have become completely divorced from their original intention of maximizing the commons due to the selfish pursuits of individuals and companies that have distorted the laws. Most of these distortions of the law weren't even introduced by those actually doing the inventing, but by heirs and assigns trying to establish and safeguard a constant source of revenue. That constant source of revenue has permitted many people to sit on their laurels instead of innovating. Intellectual Property rights have been completely distorted from their original intent of encouraging innovation and maximizing benefit for society. Let me tell you who doesn't innovate: heirs and assigns. If anything, intellectual property rights have enabled a lot of people to make a living by not innovating. The average is a pretty low bar in our industry. 3x as good as average is like the bar to even be employed in a small team environment. With that in mind, I'd say that the industry is already paying 3x developers around 1.5x to 2x and lately it is moving into the 3x range. What people fail to realize about copyright in the US is that it was designed to enrich our country, and all US citizens. The Constitution gives Congress the power to protect intellectual property with one and only one goal in mind. Enriching the United States and its citizens. U.S. Constitution - Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 8. "The Congress shall have power to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries;" They have the power to "promote progress" and not the power to "enable rent-seeking", which is basically what intellectual property laws have been perverted into by private individuals seeking to increase their short term gains. US Intellectual Property Law is a prime example of the tragedy of the commons. Which would you rather have? Under which situation would you and 99% of all U.S. Citizens be better off: (1) the right to the exclusive income on something you have made for your entire life and part of the life of your heirs and assigns or (2) the right to free, unfettered access to every intellectual good created prior to 2004 that isn't a trade secret? Under which of those two scenarios would more "progress in Science and the useful Arts" occur? I don't know about you, but when I have kids, I would prefer that they inherit a large commons than rights to income from the works I have created. P.S. To directly answer your question. What I believe about that doesn't matter. What does matter is that the laws in this country be enacted with the sole purpose of maximizing Science and the useful Arts that we all have free and open access to. If it is necessary to permit someone to temporarily restrict access to an intellectual good to provide financial incentive to a creator to create a work in the first place then that achieves the goals of the U.S. Constitution. How much restriction and for how long, should be the absolute minimum necessary to make sure the innovation happens at all. 99.9+% of all rational actors would not going to be dissuaded from creating by a copyright policy that only lasts the original 7 years. Every time copyright has been extended, it has been extended by people who have already profited handsomely off their intellectual good to the prior X years (where X is the copyright term at the time) and would like to extend that term so they can continue to earn rent. The terms would probably never have been extended otherwise, since the lawyers and lobbyists necessary to argue for the copyright extension in Congress don't come cheap. There is nothing preventing people from selling their goods with DRM. The problem with DRM is that it makes a good less convenient for a buyer and drives the buyer to other goods or illegitimate copies. The most expensive cost for a creator is the copy left unsold. Good post. Well written. There was only one claim, which was unsubstantiated and I would like to here more about: What did you mean by "Out-of-the-box it is not ready for production"? Is this a statement about require.js without using r.js? If it is a statement about only require.js without r.js, would you consider r.js optimized builds to be production ready? Besides require.js, what other solutions exist for easily lazy loading third-party apis such as Google Maps? The fact that they can notice private "illegal content" at all is a violation of trust. If I mark something private, I should expect that it will be private from everyone including employees of that company. While it is reasonable to expect that they would contact the FBI in such instances, I would also hope that noticing such details illicits a "I shouldnt have been able to see that, so we're not doing enough to protect the privacy of our clients" response and corrective actions. Automattic and Wordpress PP and ToS are CC-licensed: http://automattic.com/privacy/ http://en.wordpress.com/tos/ If the bank sees you carrying in a body to put in the vault, I would expect them to call the authorities. However, if the bank guarantees privacy of what they store in the bank, I don't expect them to be looking inside anybody's safe deposit box to see what is inside. It doesn't matter if it is money, personal documents, blackmail material, jewelry (stolen or purchased) or even body parts. Investigating the contents of each safety deposit box, or even having the ability to do so is outside the scope of what a bank vault services are sold to do. A bank vault, like encryption, sells protection. It is for all intents and purposes neutral. It can be used for good and can be used for bad. 95% of the time a bank vault or encryption is either being used for an ethically neutral or at worst ethically ambiguous use. When any technology or product is used for bad it is a social failure. Crime will always exist. The quantity of crime committed can be mitigated by sound long-term policies that treat those causes that are statistically most likely to contribute to crime occurring in the first place. ... or if the body starts to rot and smell AFAICT, the statistics in this infographic only lists people involved with theaters and cinemas. I didn't see any categories that addressed people that perform jobs like actors, lighting and special effects, props, costumes, writers, directors, etc. To have an honest discussion on this debate we need to stop talking about raw job numbers lost in one industry and instead talking about: (1) net job losses and gains (2) discounted by the number of jobs that are likely to be eliminated due to changes in consumption patterns and increased productivity (read: automation) in those industries. The whole debate about job losses is dishonest if you don't accept the fact that change happens. This isn't HN quality material. Give us deep analyses instead of a poorly made and misleading info graphic. Next time, please submit a link directly to the TED talk. http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/en/defend_our_freedom_to_share... The short blurb in that blog post violates the same principle that governs why you can't both submit a link and comment on it at the same time. Basically, the reason HN doesn't permit text and a link is so the submitter doesn't get to have his commentary privileged at the top, instead of being subjected to up voting and down voting by the community. From the HN Guidelines: "Please submit the original source. If a blog post reports on something they found on another site, submit the latter." If that is your blog post, submit your link like so: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3490994 ... and then add your comment to the thread. I have no doubt that there is a discrepancy between the 361,900 figure from the BLS and the over 2 million figure from the MPAA, but that info graphic just isn't clear on several points and clouds the discussion. TBH, you may be right that I am wrong about it being intentionally misleading. It may just be confusing design due to proximity. But if that is the case, I wouldn't be surprised if agenda played some role in clouding out better judgement in how it was designed. I'm still trying to figure out if the 25% refers to: (a) 361,900 jobs, meaning there are 1,080,700 creative jobs in the industry for a total of 1,447,600 people employed; or (b) 25% of the 361,900, meaning that 90,475 people are doing jobs like janitor and concessions and that 271,425 are creative jobs. FYI, I removed the word "intentionally" from my original comment. I agree that including it wasn't constructive. Plus, the same argument can be applied to tech companies. It's disingenuous to talk about people like janitors and cooks and whatnot, when people in every industry need to eat and have the spaces they occupy cleaned up and cared for. The author of the info graphic shouldn't have discounted those jobs from the MPAA's figures without also discounting them from the tech industry figures as well. I'm as anti-SOPA and anti-PIPA as anyone here on HN, but truth and transparency are more important than agenda, and if you give those up, you become those you are critizing. This is the reason why we need to reframe this bill to being about rent-seeking. The money leaving the industry isn't resulting in many lost jobs. It is resulting in lost revenue from rent-seeking activities. How much is highly debatable. TBH, we need to be addressing the issue of rent-seeking activities in general. My favorite explanation of rent-seeking that highlights the problem with it is that rent-seeking is when someone seeks to take a bigger slice of an existing pie, instead helping make that pie bigger. I'm wondering if job losses among high schoolers and teenagers are even a problem we should be concerned with. I may be completely off base here, but with the exception of gas money in suburbs, I imagine that most of the income from jobs performed by people in high school is discretionary income spent on entertainment (because food and housing are still provided by someone's parents). Now I know this is not universally true, especially in low income communities, but I imagine that loss of discretionary income among this segment of society is adequately replaced by cheap or free internet content. I would even suggest that society shouldn't even worry too much about the loss of discretionary income that is mostly being spent on goods whose price is falling together with the loss in purchasing power for those goods. This is most awesome, however this RFS as it stands now only addresses the demand side of the equation. It should also address the talent side of the equation. People need to create startups that allow talent to reach their audience better, cheaper and faster. Louis C.K. had to do a lot of work to perform his experiment. Why is there no startup equivalent of "Comedy Central" + "HBO Comedy Hour"? If I were a comedian, how do I go from performing standup in a club, to selling that comedy to as many people as possible with as little effort on my part. Were I a comedian, I want to build an audience and make a living telling jokes. This goes for all other forms of talent. Actors, writers, costume designers, etc. Hollywood's talent power is in its Rolodex. How do you take that power out of their hand and eliminate the power brokers? What are some talented actors that are already embracing the internet and possibly willing "invest" in startups using their talent? Ashton Kutcher, maybe? How about Will Ferrell? Also, how do we allow people to easily transition from passive to active and back again? Currently there isn't an easy way to go from the Internet to my TV and back again. How can I go from a link in my Facebook or Twitter feed to sitting on my couch watching a movie in one click? How do I share from my TV to my friends? How do I organize hanging out together with my friends at my house or apartment to watch a TV show or game? As great as products like Google Hangouts are, nothing beats the social experience of enjoy a piece of media together. Question on Quora to explore possible market opportunities: http://www.quora.com/What-are-all-the-major-discrete-parts-o... [1] http://www.shirky.com/writings/group_enemy.html [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons They also wouldn't have to compete with the noise produced by lots of money spent on marketing crap. It's difficult for talent to get noticed when crap can succeed by simply yelling louder. Reducing the ability for Hollywood to yell would make things easier for talented artists. You first fragment the audience so that earning a return on $140mm becomes less and less likely. The goal is to bankrupt the incumbents by keeping them on the same spending path, while reducing the likelihood of big returns. Amazon is doing this with publishers: http://pandodaily.com/2012/01/17/confessions-of-a-publisher-... IMHO, movies will be the last to go, but attacking the TV industry is doable now. How is that even legal? The UK is a common law system like the US. Doesn't it have a court case similar to Feist v. Rural in the US that establishes jurisprudence that data cannot be copyrighted? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feist_v._Rural Do only shell and ftp passwords need to be reset or does the main account web panel password need to be reset as well? Ask because, we don't use shell/ftp passwords and I'm not sure if we are affected or not. I completely agree about 15 years ago. But you can now get a Raspberry Pi for about $30. Is it the latest and greatest iOS or Android device? No. But it is a platform for exploring, learning and being entertained. A question to you that I've asked myself, would you rather have less buying power today and access to the Internet in its current form or more buying power and access to the Internet 15 years ago? I'm going to toss a totally crazy idea out there, but it may be crazy enough to work long term. Create an official Hacker News API where every Hacker News client has an API key and plan on offering write access only through the API. This would permit a diversity of interfaces, from browser based apps to terminal based apps. Monitor quality level of the posts per developer API key. Revoke or throttle write access of a client which doesn't maintain a high post quality count. For example, I would imagine that a client built for vim or emacs would have a high level of quality and that a browser based client would have a lower level of quality. Developers of clients which contribute a lower level of quality would have the burden of solving the quality problem. Basically "push" the problem to the clients. After all that is the origin of of the word "problem" (Old French probleme, via Latin from Greek problēma, from proballein ‘put forth,’ from pro ‘before’ + ballein ‘to throw.’) "Throw" or "put forth" the problem for other developers to solve. Hacker News would be better off if you could only contribute to it via an interface likely to be used only by hackers. This strategy is not unlike those employed by companies when they require you to submit your resume via curl or to hack into an unsecured server to upload your resume. Will we lose access to some types of content, like design focused posts? Maybe. Would it be worth it? Maybe. But that's a whole 'nother discussion. Personally, I would rather see 25% percent as many contributions of extremely high quality than as many contributions as we have today of lower quality. It's not poor quality contribution overload. It's filter failure ;) http://blip.tv/web2expo/web-2-0-expo-ny-clay-shirky-shirky-c... I thought Emacs 24.0.92 was the the most current version. Completely agree. I value rights and freedom more than the industry that produces TV shows and movies. If Hollywood were to disappear, TV shows and movies would still be produced. A form of art only disappears when people cease to practice it of their own volition. YC's RFS really was more about creating competition that debases the power that MPAA and RIAA supporting companies wield via dilution. More forms of entertainment => less power any form of entertainment has to impact legislation and government. The Internet produces a myriad of entertainment filters from which one is free to choose. The Hollywood system produces a small number of filters curated by a handful of people in one one city in one state in one country of the World. Diversity is more valuable and Hollywood threatens that. Do I lament the loss of a species? Certainly. But if it is necessary to preserve the ecosystem, so be it. Practical Common Lisp - http://www.gigamonkeys.com/book/ The Little Schemer The Reasoned Schemer The Seasoned Schemer It's very well suited for real-time apps. Real-time apps with a good user experience that promotes flow helps maintain engagement. Lobbyists are further proof that shipping code wins and they know this. We can discuss this all we want in the blogosphere, but so long as they are the ones implementing the laws, those are the implementations and architectural decisions we're going to have to live with. Congress is a commit generator, and most of the "code" put in front of them for review are written by lobbyists. From my understanding, it isn't Congressmen that write the laws most of the time. AFAIK, many laws are written by industry and then handed to Congressmen read and modify, and such bills are handed with explanations and arguments to why they are needed. Such a process with always result in laws that move in the interest of lobbying powers due to the very nature of how negotiation works. In every negotiation, you have an "anchoring" effect, where the final outcome will be near the starting point. With that in mind, lobbyists define the starting point and therefore where the anchor is hooked on every debate. The only solution I can come up with to this is a requirement that every single bill needs to be drafted in the open with a commit history of who made each and every commit to a bill. Only with this in place would we be able to see how much of the laws are written not by government but by industry. It would also give the people (specifically active concerned citizens) a voice early on in the process so that the position on which the "anchor gets hooked" is more balanced and representative. Politicians, and especially lobbyists, today say things to the effect that it is difficult to draft laws and discuss things out in the open. What those that complain about this fail to understand is that that is the very essence of democracy. Democracy starts at the beginning of the discussion of public policy, not at the point at which policy comes to a vote. Dodd, during his speech where he remarked that SOPA was a watershed moment, even said, "the white noise has made it impossible to have a conversation about this. We've gotta find a better way to have that conversation than we have in the last two weeks." This attitude is a clear sign of someone that doesn't understand what a democracy is. That white noise is democracy in action and the best thing we can do is make sure that democracy is happening at the inception of every idea that evolves into a law. We basically need a super easy, useable git for laws accessible by everyone. Actually it's probable that web apps will replace iOS as the most important platform to developers, especially for apps dependent on network effects. Gaming that is asynchronously social is probably one space where one platform will dominate. According to this article 65% of bills are written by lobbyists: http://www.mercurynews.com/politics-government/ci_15452125 There is a very reasonable solution to this. Offer special rates for civics activities like voting and taxes. AFAIK, a special rate with return receipts already exists for filing taxes. Why are government services spending time and money with advertising at all. They exist to provide a service to citizens if citizens want it. We're both shareholders and customers. They certainly don't exist to ensure their ongoing existence. This isn't a PSA for the greater good of the country, this is full blown advertising and it should never happen with tax payer dollars. ever. This blows my mind. I reckon that if such a ridiculous law were to come to pass, you could create a script that uses your browser to visit random sites and deep follow links found on those sites at constant pace all the time. This would generate so much noise in such a list that it would be prohibitively expensive to determine what sites you actually visited. On top of generating noise to obfuscate signal, this approach generates reasonable doubt. Needle meet haystack. Haystack meet needle. The one argument I get sick of hearing bandied around in cases like these is: "but those companies invested a lot of money in training their employees. How would you like it if you owned a business and trained someone only to have them poached?" In the words of Dwight Shrute: "False!". Most of the employees in question in this case and probably every other case where poaching is worthwhile are autodidacts. These employees are valuable precisely because they work hard to increase their own value. They know that, and they deserve to be paid accordingly by shopping themselves around. It is in the market for autodidacts where actions like these are most damaging to the individuals affected. "Hire slow. Fire fast." Would fast firing even be possible with long-term contracts? Firing fast isn't something that is done for the sake of saving money. It is done for the sake of avoiding the damaging effects of keeping someone on the team that hurts the productivity of the other team members. One year is a long time to have someone on a team that turns out to be a wrong hire. You normally figure out that someone isn't working out within the first 1-3 months. I've made a wrong hire before and it impacted the work of 5 other people. I and any other manager has an obligation to get rid of that one person if they are having a net negative effect on the work of others. To do otherwise would be a failure in my responsibilities to others on the team. It's not like a manager can just "bench" an employee that isn't working out for them. What would make sense, especially in a market where there is a crunch for talent is a guarantee from the company that if it doesn't work out, that the applicant, would get 1-2 months salary after being cut to look for another place to work. (Also, to the person who down voted me: This is HN, not Reddit. You don't down vote because you disagree with what was said. You down vote them because their detracting from the conversation, such as trolling.) I think this Betabeat article is really relevant since it shows that this is happening at the startup level in NYC as well: http://www.betabeat.com/2011/11/17/poaching-etiquette-how-to... This is important because it means that new hires are probably getting less equity than they should be getting. Equity and belief in what the company is building should be enough to not require anti-poaching agreements. Quora http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1197146 Can you explain a bit more about #2? I'm not sure I understand fully what you mean. Tagging is useful for a lot more than just finding old stuff on a topic. It's massively valuable for filtering new stuff and community management. A lot of the problems with the devolution in HN could be resolved by implementing a few common tags like, 'startups', 'programming', 'political', 'current_events', 'design' and then having different thresholds for each tag to reach the front page. IMHO, the number of votes to reach the front page for a political story should be much higher than one that is about programming. I think most would agree. With tagging pg would be able to figure out if one tag is getting out of hand and squelch it temporarily or even permanently. As the community has grown, we're suffering from filter failure ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LabqeJEOQyI ). The less HN is about stuff that is interesting to hackers, the more it becomes welcoming for people who aren't hackers, the more non-hackers that join the more up votes that non-hacker focused stories get. It's a vicious cycle and tag squelching is one good way of moderating the community and keeping it focused. Sadly, 3 hours is just the lower limit. The upper limit can be the whole day. 3 hours is how much time is wasted in the call. Depending how complex the task you were working on before the interruption, it can take up to the rest of the day just to re-immerse yourself in the problem you were solving before being interrupted. Very cool idea. The only problem is making sure that the interest is reciprocal. Instead of being able to see where others may be seating, it should show all people on board and allow you to express interest, which then gives the other person the ability to reciprocate. If the other person declines, the declination should be in ambiguous terms so the person declining neither offends or feels obligated, such as "This person has declined because they plan to rest or do work while on this flight" If you have no control over who might sit next you you I agree. However imagine if you were flying NYC-SF and could find out who were entrepreneurs, software engineers or designers on you flight and talk shop for a couple of hours. The key issue is discovering if the interest is mutual. It's not unsolvable. Merely intractable. Well, it looks like I showed up right at the beginning of that conversation and not in the middle of it (when jashkenas says the part about the strawman). I kind of assumed that I had walked right into the middle of it. Sat next to him at RubyConfBR in 09 before he gave his talk and don't remember him being aggressive with the questions (and this is coming from the guy that Obi Fernandez called out as "Mr. Question" after his keynote there the year before.) While I agree that it would be interesting, it would also be a classic TIMTOWTDI debate. At the end of the day, Backbone.js and Ember.js are two tools, with two different philosophies that leads to a different set of features that are good for different things. That may appear to be a vague statement, but that's pretty much the case here. Ember.js is a better tool out of the box for a narrower range of problems because it comes with a bit more features that solve some common annoyances that wycats found with backbone.js. Backbone.js is a better tool for a wider range of use cases precisely because it prescribes less in areas where you will find that a pre described way of doing things will get you into trouble. From what I understand, if you are trying to make an advanced website with rich interactivity, ember.js may be the better choice for you, and if you are trying to create a full-blown web app , the flexibility of backbone.js will give you just what you need and get out of your way when you need something else. YMMV Disclaimer: I've been using backbone since late 2009. Like dangrossman said, use console.log. Check out these videos from Paul Irish on using console effectively: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mf_yNLlgic http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOEw9iiopwI Since you are an emacs user, you may want to try mooz's community fork of Yegge's js2-mode https://github.com/mooz/js2-mode Haven't tried it myself, but you may also want to look at Moz Repl in emacs. http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/MozRepl Finally, check out Christian Johansen's and Magnar Sveens .emacs.d for some ideas on how to set up your emacs for javascript. https://github.com/magnars/.emacs.d https://github.com/cjohansen/.emacs.d For TDD, you 3 main options worth checking out are: Buster.js looks really promising and does both server-side and client-side testing. If you don't like buster.js for whatever reason, Mocha is a popular node.js server-side testing option and Jasmine is a popular client-side testing option. The only other video that sticks out in mine head is this Google Tech Talk by Nicholas Zakas about javascript performance. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHtdZgou0qU Besides videos, check out Javascript Garden: http://bonsaiden.github.com/JavaScript-Garden/ Javascript Weblog: http://javascriptweblog.wordpress.com/ Here are some links over on Quora: http://www.quora.com/What-are-the-best-resources-for-learnin... The three books worth getting for someone who is already a programmer are: Crockford's "Javascript: The Good Parts", Stoyan Stefanov's "Javascript Patterns", and Resigs's "Secrets of the Javascript Ninja" IMHO, there are few videos worthwhile. Totally agree. "Northern California for Northern Californians!!!" sounds pretty ridiculous, doesn't it? What makes someone a citizen? In the US, being a citizen is a birthrate or comes via a long, tedious bureaucratic naturalization process. Other countries have different definitions of citizen. IMHO citizenship by birthright is a pretty absurd notion, but its largely the default for historical reasons tied to war and conscription. Originally governments only gave you the right to citizenship in exchange for the ability to send you to war to protect often economic interests. The world would be for more efficient and interesting is the "market" for citizenships were far more liquid and people could easily choose their government the way they can already do internationally by moving from state to state and city to city. I'm not a fan of patents at all, but at the very least we should make having a product in the market as an absolute minimum for defending it. No product in market === no patent for you. edit: "... so it's not like they haven't had time to think about this application area [and bring a product to market already.]." Further proof that Congress has failed to create a patent system that "promotes the Sciences and the useful Arts" I don't dispute this at all, but patent reform isn't going to achieve what we want overnight. Requiring a product in the market is at least a step in the direction of eroding the position of most patent trolls. Once we've achieved that, the next step is to further raise the bar for what is defensible. One of the best things of a program like Udacity is that Udacity is free to quickly iterate on the curriculum to make sure it meets the needs of employers. I've never heard of universities going to talk to companies that employ their alumni to learn what they could be doing to better prepare students. Udacity can do just that because it's part of the same ecosystem where its students are employed like Stanford, but it will be free from the bureaucracy of an academic institution, a luxury Stanford doesn't have. erc in emacs is another great terminal option. M-x erc The only thing I hate about these kings of notifications is that they pollute the names of my pinboard bookmarks if I don't manually edit them. Quora best handles this situation. There can be a lot of benefit for the user to have the contact lust on the server, but it needs to be (1) transparent, (2) obvious, and (3) come with a delete button. I think it is hardly alarmist rhetoric. It's not particularly easy for sites to be shut down under the current rules, but it's far from impossible. DaJaz1.com was shut down by the ICE for over a year unjustly, with almost no recourse for the owner and not one was held accountable. If that kind of abuse can happen now, it is most certainly not hyperbole that we will see a LOT more of these injustices happen by taking due process out of the courts and putting it into the hands of the copyright industry. Slippery slopes usually are, except when lawyers get involved. I wish I still had the link, but I once read an extremely informative essay on the impact of lawyering on the erosion of civil liberties, especially when corporate law is involved. There is simply too much money supporting the time and effort of corporate law to the benefit of companies and detriment of citizens, civil liberties and the commons. Heck, copyright terms now extend beyond the life of the author. If that's not proof of a slippery slope, I don't know what is. I don't think I'm alone in thinking that this should be at the top of the page between the headline and article itself, not at the bottom. "The following guest piece was contributed by Cary H. Sherman, who chief executive of the Recording Industry Association of America, which represents music labels." Yeah, it's also the first DIY tDCS device I've seen that tackles the current control issue. I think it may need a bit more in the way of failure-mode safety features, but it looks good enough to try some brain hacking. I liked the F2F feature. Curious how it works in practice. FYI, https://pair.io/ is in the same space. Since it is based on SSHing into a machine, you can work collaboratively in your text editor of choice with your own .dotfiles Stripe has great docs, which are hand-edited results from Docco.js. https://stripe.com/docs/api Mashery has iodocs https://github.com/mashery/iodocs One thing I particularly like about Backbone's docs is that it has some executable code, which is pretty swank. Similar, but not API docs, but Marijn Haverbeke's book Eloquent Javascript has a built in console that lets you load and test snippets from the book. Cloud9 IDE built with node.js I think also allows embeddable executable snippets in the browser. It'd be cool to see more interactive api docs using similar techniques. I really like this idea. I would add info about how long certain data is retained. Interestingly I think the OP indirectly touch upon the reason why everyone should learn to program and not just people who want to do so as a profession. Programming is the lever which allows members of a community to surmount all the obstacles that form a barrier to sharing, collaboration and developing best practices out in the open with others. Without programming, sharing and collaboration is reduced to the amount afforded by fundamentally human "bandwidth". Programming gives you the tools to create and marginally, but constantly improve systems to increase not only the bandwidth between two members of the community, but the number of people within the community with whom a single member can collaborate and share with. I would say that tools like Github are the most important tools in the community because use of it ultimately inspires a lot of the discussion in the community. It takes the basic building block of what the community is most passionate about, code, and accelerates and multiplies the interactions between two to many people involving that code. In the educational community, something similar that involves lesson plans, exercises and other teaching material would be awesome. For example, were I a science teacher, how could would it be if it were easy to share exercises, fork and modify them, hack together individual exercises of greater complexity that not only teach underlying principles but how multiple underlying principles work together. What tools would allow people who have a passion for teaching to come together and collaborate over material? Programming allows the building of those tools. The more members there are of a community that can program, the more likely that there will be diversity of solutions and rapid iterations of those solutions. There are enough tools now for these teachers to find one another rather than been islands in a school. Growing up, I can count the number of educators that cared enough to "hack their craft" on one hand. None of them knew about each other. What has changed is that these people now have a way to know one another. This also helps some teachers with hacking potential that would have otherwise slipped through the cracks to realize potential as a hacking teacher. TBH, without a site like hacker news and places like github, how many here would still be working a lame enterprise programming job coding in VB.NET or Java in the basement of some big company where programming isn't the core business, but simply view as another job that needs to be done. What books need is more aggressive editing. Skimming wouldn't be necessary if the goal were maximizing signal versus noise. I'd pay a premium for the same book more aggressively edited. There's a cost associated with the benefit of reading. Time is now at a premium and part of the cost of a book along with the monetary cost. Most books are around 250 pages, but I find that most of those 250 page books really only have about 120 pages worth of content. A while back I asked about it on Quora and discovered that most book publishers aim for 50,000+ words. With the World reaching peak attention, especially for those that read a lot, it's ridiculous to keep insisting on books at 250 pages, especially in the case of technical books and non-fiction http://www.quora.com/Do-book-publishers-push-for-books-to-be... I just hope that this goes into effect in a way that you would signal how many people will be traveling together and they send the appropriate sized car. Having every vehicle on the road seat 5 people and luggage when it is rarely at full capacity is extremely inefficient. Riding alone? If so, they send a 1 person vehicle to pick you up. Riding with a friend? Two person vehicle. etc. It would be interesting is the demand side of this industry (those startups and tech companies with with a sense of ethics and responsibility) starting demanding certain standards of their tech recruiters. If you are a desirable company working with interesting technology, and a recruiter does an offensive job trying to recruit, that reflects badly on the company who hired the recruiter. The companies should stipulate rules for the recruiters to earn the recruiting fee. Rules like: in the first email and and solicitation such as on a list, you must disclose who you hiring for, the nature of the project, the technologies involved, etc. Companies could even resolve this issue by issue a company email like joe.mcruit+recruiters@companydoingthehiring.com that forwards leads to the appropriate recruiter. It's not a perfect solution, but any solution that allows candidates to deal with the recruiter in a way that holds the recruiter accountable to the company for which they are working can only serve to raise the very very low bar we have at the moment. How could they possibly justify a price of $12 to $14 in their prospectus with financials the way they are and no solid monetization strategy on the horizon? What would be awesome is if Growl adopts the following strategy: (1) Seamlessly integrate growl into iOS notification center, function more as a transport layer and delegate UI to Notification center if present. Use it's own UI if not. (2) Allow growl to be paid for by the end user as a standalone app (3) Allow a limited version of growl to be bundled with apps with a discounted rate for app developers. This version would be limited to notifications for that app only, but would only cost that developer something like $0.10 per license. Basically adopt a strategy that doesn't require users to have to buy and install Growl to get notifications in non AppStore apps. Let the developers who want notification support choose to handle distribution of growl inside their app and pay the license cost. Notifications are such an important part of engagement, that I'm sure there is a market opportunity in charging the app developers instead of end users. But don't you need to have the previous version of growl installed or be using the Snow Leopard version? I was under the impression that a user on Lion or later, would not have access to growl without paying for it. I'm specifically talking about the use case, where one of your users isn't already a savvy current growl user, but just a regular joe that is unlikely to have ever installed growl. In other words, the use case where the kind of person using your app will miss out on notifications because they don't know better and won't install a third party notification tool. While not a "must-have", I would also add something for storage and preparation for simple comfort foods. This might be as simple as plates and utensils or as complex as a small fridge, microwave and hotplate/small stove. While going on walks is awesome, having to always leave the office to satisfy hunger/thirst can be a productivity killer, especially if you don't have a corner store and quick eats right nearby. Did not know that. However do those notifications persist so you can review and dismiss them later, like with the notification center on iOS and how it is going to be on Mountain Lion? Or do you you have to notice the notification at the moment it is emitted? TBH, if you are going to have smart intersections controlling autonomous cars, you might as well try to move to roundabouts as much as possible. Roundabouts provide continuous flow and probably represent a much more solvable problem since it involves attenuating the speed of approaching vehicles and vehicles currently circling. I imagine throwing stopping into the mix complicates things significantly I imagine that computers could completely prevent shockwave traffic jams. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Suugn-p5C1M Surprisingly, I've often heard the following argument (except your point about space). Traditional intersections, despite being cheaper to install, are less economical from a total cost of ownership and all associated externalities perspective The other benefit of roundabouts is they provide a much simpler situation for cars to encounter, since the intersection could be dumb and simpler heuristics should be able to resolve the management of traffic. A simple four way stop sign wouldn't be too hard, but I can't imagine trying to figure out much less optimize a complex highly trafficked 4 way intersection. A 4 way intersection basically forces you to coordinate centrally to optimize, instead of distributing the logic among participants in the intersection and only putting in central coordinating logic when traffic is very heavy. And even then, I'd expect it more to provide information to the vehicles entering about the vehicles already present and about to enter and letting the vehicles decide what is best. Without copying and pasting, how do I type this letter on OS X? Personally I see this as a short-term gain for MS, Google and Netflix and a long-term loss for everyone else. If we implement this, then we delay a web where copyright enforcement, except in cases involving the most egregious violations prosecutable in court, is viewed as the exception rather than the rule. I am opposed. Leaving out DRM helps establish new social norms that benefit the commons over individual players. We all end up richer in the end. Content providers will be forced through the door by competition from copyleft and creative commons content. Competition is the easiest way to combat DRM. The presence of DRM legitimizes a social norms of restriction. The lack thereof legitimizes social norms of sharing. DRM is a tangible embodiment of the the tragedy of the commons. DRM is analogous to a series of electric fences partitioning off the commons so that only some cows from some individuals can graze in certain places, but no other cows can graze there. People will invent electric fences for use in chipping away at the commons, but it would be a disaster for society to standardize the electric fences so that anyone can chip away at the commons effortlessly. I'm of the opinion that if some entity wants to cripple their content with DRM, that is their prerogative, but they shouldn't get help from W3C and other bodies creating open standards. On top of all that, as a developer, DRM is one more layer of bullish*t to deal with. I'm perfectly happy paying for APIs based on usage. I connect, you measure, you charge. Last thing I want to encounter are APIs which require me to implement a cumbersome layer of DRM to use content. Lastly, I can only see the presence of DRM reducing accessibility of content for special needs users, such as the blind, because any form of DRM is likely to reduce how you can manipulate content. What if the DRM prevents close-captioning? text-to-speech? Addition of semantic data? etc. DRM is wrong. It doesn't not produce a better environment for the consumer because it reduces competition. DRM introduces friction. Friction reduces "liquidity". Lower liquidity results in a smaller market with fewer options. REST vs SOAP is a perfect example of unnecessary friction in a "technological market". A market with DRM would have the same impact on innovation as a SOAP-based market. Brazil FWIW is estimated to have approximately 5 million businesses with fewer than 100 employees according to the IBGE. That's like 99.5%+ of the businesses in country or something like that. The developing world has an extreme power law distribution curve. Almost all the large businesses are capital intensive. Things are probably more skewed in Brazil than in other countries due to a risk-free rate of ~11%, meaning that any business with high working capital can't rely on outside capital if it doesn't want to end up handing over all its revenue to the banks. Firm size in Brazil is probably more related to capital costs than transaction costs. High capital costs "hollows out" the middle. Capital is often used to reduce rising transaction costs within a firm once the firm size surpasses approximately Dunbar's number. However those businesses at that are mid-sized instead of large don't have enough scale to justify the investment of capital to reduce transaction costs. Many smaller mid-sized companies will hobble along with high internal transaction costs as a result, much higher than would be tolerated in the US. Because of this, SaaS products are likely to have a transformative effect on Brazilian businesses. There is a lot of unmet demand because traditional transaction cost reducing solutions have required too much capital to implement. Any plans to open-source this software so other accelerators can contribute? No. Stick to HN. Trust me. Most domestic portuguese language forums are inevitably full of bike shedders. Most of those that want a higher level of discourse stick to HN and IRC channels for their respective technology. This results in a vicious cycle of brain drain in the domestic forums, suppressing the level of discussion further. My suggestion is to stick to HN and intl technology channels on IRC and Github and keep an eye out for telltale signs of a Brazilian by the name or other identifying info and reach out to them one by one. You may want to try out HackerNewsers to seed the network initially. http://hackernewsers.com/ Also, get in contact with Diego Remus of Startupi and Diego Gomes of EverWrite. True, but independent contractors like this are a target market just like any other. Look at any successful software developer in the US and you'll find that they pay a couple of hundred to one or two thousand in SaaS services each year. Plus those large companies have a major challenge of not only trying to keep those innovative employees that they acquire, but to keep those employees innovating within a very different environment. There is a serious lack of managers in the world that can pull this off. The moment the golden handcuffs are off, there will be flight back to creating a startup in most instances. This means that the big companies can only remain competitive by throwing money at the problem. Github in a way solves a lot of these issues of finding the right person because it revolves around the work (i.e. code) and skills and not the person and position. You mean the flight to startups from Google or the ability to maintain a big company that supports innovate? Google appears to embody both situations near as I can tell. Some areas/departments areas are great and keep innovating and others lose people once the golden handcuffs are off. Why do you say "Hopefully it will not become hypermedia" with respect to JSON? What's wrong with this happening? What are your thoughts on the Collection+JSON hypermedia type presented in Amundsen's book? http://www.amundsen.com/media-types/collection/ Is there anything inherently wrong with including a type property on a json response to help with type-marshalling into an object type which both clients and servers mutually understand? While I totally agree with the ideas you've described from an academic point of view, I don't that they adequately consider the human side of consuming APIs. Yeah, it'd be awesome if we could all consume APIs with standard interfaces using Content-Types, however I don't think the current solution is realistic or even good for innovation. Having to define a Content-Type like "application/vnd.my-service+json" and submit it to a standards body and then approved like described in Amundsen's book is hardly practical or desirable. The standards process today sucks (see the CSS prefix debate for a prime example) (and, I'm not claiming I can do better, just making an observation) The way I see it, defining types in a JSON format to help with type-marshalling until that format is successful and thus merits standardization is far more effective at promoting innovation than starting with submission to a standards body so that everyone can comment on (i.e. bikeshed) about a format until it gains acceptance. There is a an interesting dynamic between pragmatism and academics, but I think it would be best for the academics to actively move the pragmatics towards the ideal instead of staying in an ivory tower and letting the pragmatics take twice as long to discover the "pure" solution. RESTish solutions should become RESTful through standardization into a proper media type. Maybe the RESTful solution is derived from the coordinated cooperation of several participants with RESTish solutions. Acknowledging and adopting the human element is likely to move things forward far faster than a steadfast insistence on being pure. We could probably have far more useful media types if we assumed that formats eventually become a media type once they become popular enough. Pave the cowpaths. Anyways, not arguing with your comment. I agree with most of what you said and ot was enlightening. Just saying, that it'd be great if people actively considered the fact that human beings are involved when discussing ideas. Ideas are great, but they mean nothing if you can't humans to go along with them. I agree, however Patch versus Put is the least of Rails' problem when it comes to bloat. Put vs Patch is bikeshedding. An insistence on handling all things with Ruby is why things get bloated and stop progressing. Sprockets solves a pain, I admit, but at the cost of adding ruby bloat to all thick client code. Instead of being able to use javascript libraries with one another natively, everything goes through Ruby. Anyways, I'll probably get downvoted for this comment by Railers because this is somewhat OT and trollish (I admit), but it's a legitimately complaint about the direction of Rails. I think Rails has lost sight of what it does really well, server-side logic. Rails, in v4.0, needs to adopt a symbiotic relationship with thick-client javascript instead of trying to consume it and insert ruby in-between all the javascript parts. For example, right now, the recommended place for a backbone.js app in a rails project is /app/assets/javascripts/. That "folder" is only going to grow as the client-side javascript becomes more important. Keeping the javascript logic "subordinate" to the Ruby elements in a Rails project causes more bloat than anything else. Look at any thick-client Rails project and count the number of gems managing javascript. If there are more than two or three, you've probably got a separation of concerns issue at the language level. That's bloat. If you want to down vote me, go ahead. I just ask that you have the courtesy to defend your down vote with a comment. If you think I'm wrong tell me why. Maybe, I'm doing something wrong. I think the problem is beyond being solvable by patches, but an issue of philosophical introspection of where Rails wants to be in a few years. To be able to change the direction of Rails on this issue and the other issues the poster above raised, I'd have to spend a significant amount of time submitting patches and get to the point where I am a major committer to have the opportunity to chime in and have a significant impact on the direction Rails is going. Even if I or someone else with the same concerns were committed to making that effort, by the time I or they get to the point where we can have an impact, it will be too late. I'd rather commit to a node or an npm package than rails because any package I commit to will hopefully be replaced by something better once it's outlived its usefulness. My favorite part about node is that it isn't opinionated. It leaves the opinion to the community modules. Hopefully most community modules with maintain just the right amount of opinion about their domain and know when to concede matters of opinion to other modules that node better. It's nice when separation of concerns is a cultural value. This isn't a node/rails debate. It's a values debate. I think opinion was the right value for the right time several years ago. We're going through a time of change where opinion is a liability not an asset. By subordinate, I mean having your javascript assets managed by sprockets. If you can tell me how I can get 100% of my javascript assets managed by javascript code and still allow the use of rspec for end to end acceptance testing, I'm all ears. How do you get Rails, at one point of contact, to had off all asset recompilation, concatenation, minification, cache busting through md5 fingerprint hashing, etc. to javascript, I'm all ears. I wanted to use require.js before. Spent a couple days working it into the project, but couldn't get it to work because of incompatibilities with sprockets. Undid everything. Someone made a require.js rails plugin, and I tried it again. It turned out to be incompatible with how the jasmine gem works and the jasmine gem is organized the way it is because that's how gems are supposed to be organized. Again, after wasting several days trying trying to get everything to work, I tore it all out again. It's like whoever designed sprockets hasn't even considered the possibility that maybe it should permit javascript to be used freely with javascript within a Rails projects without intermediating. Near as I can tell, all the intermediation is done to be able to such things as maintaining all the files in the same directory organization (app, config, lib, vendor). I'd split things down into something like this to cleanly separate the concerns of ruby and javascript: /client/ --/app/ --/config/ --/lib/ --/vendor/ --/spec/ /server/ --/app/ --/config/ --/lib/ --/vendor/ --/spec/ /shared/ --/stylesheets/ (if you render both static and dynamic. otherwise put this in the appropriate directory above) --/config/ --/spec/acceptance/ How do you keep all your ruby out of your javascript? Express is more like Sinatra. It's largely syntactic sugar and some powerful extra features beyond what node's http module offers. Express knows where its "opinion" ends and where it should make room for other modules with opinions of their own. There really are two opinions at play here. Opinions of how to do something and opinions of what to do. Express has opinions of how that differ from the http module (it even uses the http module to accomplish what it does). Express has a minor opinion on what it should be doing and extends the what beyond the http module, but that's largely where it ends. The problem with Rails is that it the domain of subjects it had an opinion on kept growing until it couldn't not have an opinion on stuff. CSS versus SASS? I love Sass and used it before Rails added it. Rails didn't need to have an opinion here. Coffeescript? Same thing. Maybe it is an unfair comparison because there's no equivalent to this much opinion about so many things in the Javascript world, except some Rails ports that people have made. And even they are seen by most as "Oh that's nice that you can get set up quickly in less than a day, but no thanks, I'd like to pick and choose what makes sense to me based on what I'm planning on building." Had we known better maybe we would have gone with Sinatra back when we started. Both coffee script and sass were already were receiving massive uptake before they were included in Rails. TDD as a cultural norm was Rails' biggest contribution. That was a good thing and was an opinion that few developers with argue with. Naw, if you work with Ruby, I'd just work on creating an ecosystem of interchangeable parts around Sinatra. Don't get me wrong. I really like Ruby, but I think Rails has become too all encompassing in places. The architecture, like railties look pretty cool, but policy of constantly embrace and extend just leads to bloat that gets in the way when you're doing something more exotic than straight server-side CRUD. Completely agree. However, instead of bundling one asset pipeline into rails that is "aggressive" like Sprockets about getting into everything, they should have said "here's a connector" where you can attach the "asset pipeline" of your choice and let the community create the tools it needs for different scenarios, such as one asset pipeline for thin clients and another for think clients. Or separate asset pipelines for sass/css and coffeescript/javascript. Bundling a default that doesn't play well with lots of the client-side innovations hurts rails more than helps. The asset pipeline as it is currently designed is monolithic and an all or nothing approach. I hope that some sort of support for inter-app linking is supported. One of the biggest problems with native apps on iOS and Android is support for moving from one app to another, but still allowing the user to easily return to the originating app. At the moment, the only native support for this kind of feature that I can think of is maps support. For example, if you click on a Google Maps directions link on OS X, the Google Maps application is opened automatically instead of maps.google.com in the web browser. Dunno if this would require a dedicated link button that remembers the app you came from to take you back there or not. Perhaps there is a more elegant solution. It's possible that Hypermedia JSON APIs could play a role in helping people move between apps. Whatever solution is adopted, making it easy for the user to return to the originating app with ease is of utmost important, because this will create an environment where app developers will fill comfortable partnering with other app developers by including inter-app links. I haven't read up on web intents yet. I need to check them out. Thanks. Cool beans. I'm still learning more about custom media types at the moment and this is useful info. Thanks. It's not just an hour to learn. There's also the time to set up tools and environment. It's added complexity up front, and that alone is enough to turn people off because there is nothing so wrong with javascript to warrant the effort. If you know javascript well and are familiar with it's many gotchas and you know how to use your text editor well with javascript, the coffeescript really doesn't add more than it detracts. +1 for the idea of calling it tower.coffee instead of tower.js That's not the point of his comment. It's labeled javascript when it is actually coffeescript. Call it tower.coffee, not tower.js. If I can't fork and contribute to the project in javascript, but instead have to set up my environment for coffee script to contribute, then it's not javascript. This isn't just about readability and comprehension, it's about contribution as well. If the compiled javascript is bundled in there and I can read it, fair enough. If you can't accept patches and code contributions in javascript, then that's not javascript. I know this comes from US Government data, but do you have any plans to add neighborhood KML shapes for major cities? Now that you've written a full technical book, what are your thoughts about how technical book publishing is done and how it can both better serve the authors creating the content and be better presented to your readers? It's the 1950s. There are a hundred jobs. Many women are expected to stay home, so most jobs go to men. Of those 100 jobs, most are occupied by men. Fast forward to 2012. Productivity has risen due to technological innovation. Old jobs eliminated. New jobs created. Between population growth and productivity gains, let's assume that there are the same number of jobs per capita for the adult population. Many women are now working so the adult working population has probably doubled relative to population growth. The jobs that pay the bills are now distributed among both men and women and don't just go to the men by default. By arguing for equal rights and equal pay, women have also gained equal expectation to be the breadwinner and to be the pursuer in sexual relations. Complaints like this are absurd. It's simply a "market" becoming more efficient. Women cannot be simultaneously upset about this without also be upset with equal rights to labor without being contradictory. To do think otherwise it to want to have your cake and eat it too. If you are interested in this article, read up about women and part-time work in the netherlands. Fascinating stuff. http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/09/08/why-do-so-many-... Regarding this article from Philly mag: I 100% agree with John Mayor's sentiment about porn and women. Porn is oftentimes more satisfactory than sex with most women. Some women are exceptions, but in my experience many bring little more than looks to a sexual relationship. Sex with most women is often more trouble than it is worth because of all the expectations involved, emotional and financial. I've met women with jobs that still have expectations that men pay for things. I think it's best not to try an emulate native iOS and Android apps because the experience will almost inevitably be subpar and lead to what I call the "mobile web app uncanny valley". Mobile web apps that are advanced websites used through the browser are perceived as useful when they are. However when they try to emulate the look, feel and behavior of a native app, the app falls victim to an uncanny valley where the app feels like a poorly made native app and those feels of negativity overwhelm the experience of utility in many cases. It is incredibly difficult to pull off a solid mobile app. The only two that I've used that really feel right are Twitter and Facebook. All the others have been subpar. jQM should try to be a great mobile web app framework and less like a native app emulation framework. Embrace what it means to be a web app instead of trying to disguise it. What about contributing the Venues to an open places database? AFAIK Foursquare is one of the only companies in the Factual Crosswalk API that is included but not an active cooperative partner. How does the mobile version have photo of the island but not have a photo of the insect? Quite absurd. "Pics or didn't happen" I noticed that all comments on HN and on the blog post that addressed the issue of venue data were conveniently dodged. This is unfortunate and reflects badly on FourSquare since it is highly indicative that this decision is almost certainly about the money being paid to Google for its API and not at all about supporting open-source. It appears that FourSquare is happy taking what it wants from the commons generated by the community, but when it has an asset that would greatly benefit the commons, and that they don't necessarily need to hold close to their chest to maintain an advantage, that they don't donate it. To me, that's a shame. The whole world would clearly be better off if one of the Place API providers with a solid collection of POI internationally (Google and Foursquare) were to donate that set to the commons. It's great that the commons gains another major supporter, but near as I can tell Foursquare is just using information in the commons to its advantage here without truly participating in the commons. Where does all the R&D money go? Somehow I get the impression that developing a new drug involves way too many people and processes and that disintermediation and automation along the R&D chain could greatly simplify and cheapen the process. First of all, you need the brains to develop the drug. I can't imagine that this involves a team much larger than a pre-series A startup. Does the development process for creating a new drug promote failing fast? Does keeping the entire R&D process in house help or hinder? How far can a team get before it needs to try a drug on humans and how much does it cost to get that far? Are there any startups that just manage a portfolio of patients with symptoms/diseases/disorders and automatically pair those patients with drugs that might benefit them? Should the process allow the patient to "price" his or her own life/health, whereby patients can opt in to Phase 1 trials for a lot more money than Phase 2 for example and name their own price in the process? How much of the money spent is actually (time*wages) for a lot of people for an unnecessarily long process? Is burn rate a consideration when creating a new drug? How long does it take to get a drug to market? Can price be reduced by half by reducing the time it takes by half? Do a lot of people in the process spend their time waiting? Is drug development in the US far more expensive than elsewhere because the entire healthcare system here is more expensive (vicious cost cycle / positive feedback loop) Anyways, just tossing some ideas out there because I get the suspicion that pharma R&D is ridiculously archaic. Should doctors really be finding out about drugs from salespeople? It seems to me that this is a large part of the problem and perverts the incentives in the industry not to produce what people need but what they can sell. There has got to be a more efficient way for doctors to discover what drugs are useful to the patients they treat. Heck, look at the tech startup industry. Very few if any of us learn about new startups from traveling salespeople. We learn about them from websites like Hacker News, TechCrunch, TechMeme, etc. Do we have doctor bloggers that make an effort to learn about new drugs and discover what is and isn't worthwhile? I would imagine that the very reliance on salespeople actually makes it harder to bring good, useful drugs to market because the industry generates its own noise for doctors that they themselves need to cut through. Every pharma salesperson I've ever known has been for all intents and purposes indistinguishable from viagra spam emails in my inbox, except for they have a pulse and "pay" for readership through expensive dinners and other niceties. The entire drug information dissemination machine is broken. Why would we want to sustain the current model again? What's to say that whatever new model crops up in its place won't be better? I can't really think of any industry that had their business model collapse that didn't come out of it better than they had been. Individual players, technologies and processes may disappear, but it's not like demand will, and so long as there is demand, there is a potential market. I'm wondering what the result would be if this actually did escalate/spiral out of control with everyone suing everyone for every patent they have in Silicon Valley. Maybe the best way to bring about patent reform is to highlight the absurdity of the system by blowing the entire system up. Every patent holding company should just literally clog the court system with this BS. The lawyers from both each side of a suit can even be aware of the fact that the other side has no intention of actually trying to win a case and is instead just asserting its patents and forcing the courts to deal with them. When you file a patent lawsuit, are you required to claim damages or can you just claim nothing, but just file a suit that you want the judicial system to deliberate on. i.e. can you seek judgement without seeking damages? Why was this downvoted? Does the current model produce the majority of the world's NMEs or does the current model simply bring them to market. From another comment on this topic, it sounds as though most novel research happens not in the labs of companies like Glaxo-Welcome or Pfizer, but in university research labs for a couple of million dollars. If this is the case, I imagine that any disruptions will occur at the C-suite level mostly, paving the way for entirely new ways of looking at the problem of bringing a new drug to market. It would be nice if DuckDuckGo were listed among the search engines on "Settings > Safari > Search Engine" If you are partnering up, you may want to take a look at doing work through a site such as grouptalent.com. I've only just started with it by partnering up with a development team outside of the country, but one of the nice things is that it helps eliminate the source of the most tedious and least enjoyable part of freelancing/consulting: getting clients. We're literally talking to our first client now. If you want, look at my profile and shoot me an email in 2-4 weeks and I'll be able to give you more feedback. I think the ability to take on larger projects is great because the projects are likely to be more interesting, without being overwhelming. FWIW, I'm a product manager and front-end developer at my own startup and on GroupTalent I'm working as a product manager with a development and design team in Colombia. I found out about GroupTalent from the development team. I had worked with them before as a client and liaison between our development team and theirs, so when I reached out to them we knew it was a good fit between us. Not only does it allow you to take on larger jobs, but I think the average rate per hour can be higher. Dealing with larger jobs means that you are dealing with larger clients that are more likely to be able to handle a higher hourly rate. TBH, greatly reducing the overhead of the process of acquiring clients is what sells me on the idea. As a consultant/freelancer, you bill a high hourly rate to make up for a lot of this overhead. A solid market for projects means more profit. What I still haven't figured out is the best way to do responsive web apps with Backbone.js. Off the top of my head I can only think of two, Flow and AudioVroom. Flow uses separate javascripts for both versions. AudioVroom, has one file, but it's minified and I haven't had a chance to trying to reverse engineer it to see how they implemented the different layouts in a mobile, tablet and desktop environment. Add a destroy() method to your views that unbinds any events bound in the initialize() method or other methods and then calls remove() on `this` (for every .on() have a corresponding .off()). Call this .destroy() method instead of remove(). Most of the time this should free up all references so the javascript GC can sweep and clean up old views. Another option is to reuse the same views and never re-render the same view twice. Buying a position in a company like Samsung (solid-state memory or screen tech), Foxconn (manufacturing), LG Display (screen tech) makes sense. Apple is a hardware company, so pretty much all their investments are in hardware or software that increases the value of or margins on their hardware (like chips designers and firms that increase the value of OS X or iOS, which in turn increases the value of Mac and iOS based devices) IMHO Foxconn makes more sense than any other investment because Apple is directly contributing or jointly inventing cutting edge manufacturing technology with Foxconn. An example of such technologies is the precision cut aluminum enclosures of the aluminum Macbooks. An investment in Foxconn would suggest that Apple has a desire for being the hardware basis for a lot more devices in a person's life than just a computer or smartphone device. Since the future is an internet of things, the best way to get a foothold in the premium end of the internet of things is to have a solid foothold in the largest and most capable manufacturer of electronic things. On the other hand, Foxconn has a $1.1 trillion market cap, so they could at most purchase a bit less than 10%. A sizable position in Foxconn could also virtually guarantee that Apple is the only company that will have access to manufacturing technology and quality in volume that is always 1-2 generations ahead of its peers. You can't compete with Apple on quality if you can't get access to the hardware manufacturing capabilities until after Apple abandons it and moves onto newer better technologies. It's the equivalent of a hardware checkmate. Oops. Totally screwed up reading that one. Didn't see that the market cap was local currency denominated. Thanks for the correction. While I'm normally one to frown on something like this, there are upsides to this for software engineers. This type of article increases the cachet of software developers and puts upward pressure on the salary and other compensation that software developers receive. While there will likely be adverse affects from highlighting individuals instead of their work, articles like this help put software developers on par with rainmaker lawyers and doctors who are the best in their area of specialization. Respect for the profession, means more interest from parents in having their kids pursuing computer science at a young age. And more interest from parents means more school resources available to children for pursuing computer science. If anything, articles like this are merely symptoms of the direction in which software engineering as a profession is headed. Facebook's ToS is the best I've seen. Unfortunately it's not creative commons licensed. Is there anything like this in javascript? Here is one approach: http://fi.co/contents/fast Next up: Path for Families (I'm actually being serious here. I could see this working, but probably not in the US where the concept of the nuclear family is much weaker. In Latin America or some European markets this could work quite well. There's probably an Asian equivalent to Path for extended families as well) Speaking of shared todo-lists, I'd love to see an app for roommates that handle all the todos of a household and break them down by common tasks: (1) Food in the pantry - what do we have and what's finished (2) Bill paying (link into a service like WePay) (3) Major/large household purchases (4) Group chat for the household (allow linking of chat to the todo-lists and vice versa) Bonus points if the app allows you to "connect" to neighbors you know well to know what things you are willing to share with one another like tools. I'm not sure how well an app would work outside dense urban areas, but in any place where unrelated people live with one another and coordinate with one another, such an app would be useful. Question: Does treating the Internet as a proper noun legitimize it relative to nation states? How about the opposite, i.e. does treating it a a regular noun delegitimize it relative to nation states? First off, if we do go with variable pricing, the last thing we want is values to be denominated per MB. There is too much cognitive load on humans to think in terms of MB quantities. Second, variable pricing makes sense if those who use very little data get a discount off the amount this currently use. Would love to see a blog post on how you used the Hunch API to recommend stuff (movies or other things) between groups of friends. Gallons makes sense. I could wrap my head around the 15 gallons I used to put in my car's tank. What I wouldn't want to wrap my head around is thinking about putting ~56,781 cubic centimeters of gas in my tank. If you require someone to perform multiplication beyond 10^1 scale to estimate costs, it becomes easier for telcos to overcharge users. You and I probably have no issues with multiplication in our head on the order of 10^2 up to 10^6, but for most users, that scale is mentally taxing. Compare: 0.02 cents per sms message $20 per 1000 sms messages Plus, prices are "stickier" at 0.02/message than 20.00/1000 messages, since it's easier for two telcos to start discounting their price relative to one another with the latter, like $15/1000 vs $20/1000. The equivalent to such a discount under the per message pricing schema is to charge fractions of a cent. i.e. 0.015/message vs. 0.020/message. The only place in society where we really see fractional cent pricing in daily life is with gallons of gas, and even there the burden for the end-user is high enough that the gas stations all get away with leaving that fractional amount at nine tenths of a penny almost all the time. Were I an activist involved with this, I think that providing a "dead man's switch as a service" could be quite useful. Were I to engage in risky journalism, while living in close proximity to these gang wars, I'd want a way to spill additional information to the media were I to go missing. I totally agree on that Howard Aiken quote, but the type of people who run YC and those that apply to and get into YC aren't the type of people Mr. Aiken is talking about. I tell everyone loudly about what I'm working on and other ideas I've had, but I'm not working on, and I've noticed that those that have the foresight to get understand of them and their value more closely approximate the types of people that get into YC. Assuming that my point is true and that my ideas and some of the ideas of YC applicants are good, then in applying to YC, we are subject to the issue you state in the first line. "I also tend to fear that my ideas might be stolen, but the truth is that anyone who is good enough to make something work generally has too many ideas on their plate to steal someone else's." The problem now is that there are people who are going into YC not with too many ideas, but one they are working on, but with no ideas. I would say that there is certainly a conflict of interest, not a huge one, but one nonetheless. That being said I think it's still worth applying, because there's a lot more details in an idea than fit in a YC application. Oftentimes there are months to a year or more of thought in a YC app that an idea-less team won't have the luxury of having if one of the YC partners suggests the idea/market to that team, even if done so subconsciously and without malice (i.e. not citing the specific application, or even remembering having read it.) Unless the inventor held onto "prior art" that inspired him that he could pull out as a wild card if Twitter tries to enforce the patent. Probably not, but to whom is the good faith obligation to? Twitter or the USPTO? Another commenter stated that he patented defensively when negotiating to be bought out by twitter. If that is the case, he probably doesn't have a good faith obligation from the time he filed the patent. The question then rests on how the patent was represented at the deal. Did Twitter pay more because they factored in the value of his patent? If so, then I reckon good faith would extend to those negotiations and he'd only be in the clear as long as he did not misrepresent the patent. I haven't looked at the code and how they implemented vector field support, but couldn't a library like Sylvester have been used? http://sylvester.jcoglan.com/ Paper.js looks like it could work as well: http://paperjs.org/about/ By Jason Anderson. Other links: Demo: http://slashhashbang.com/demos/viewframework/ Github Gist: https://gist.github.com/2245236 Martin Fowler article on Dependency Injection and Inversion of Control: http://martinfowler.com/articles/injection.html IMHO, the DT880s are overrated for the price. You are better off getting similarly priced Sennheisers. I got them because they were closed, and I expected to be able to use them in public without outside sound leaking in. In practice, they let in about as much sound as the open Grado HP-1s that I used to have. The HP-1s are much more analytical and accurate for mixing work. (yes, I know that they now cost a lot more than $300, but they didn't cost that much more when I first bought them back in 2003). For public listening, nothing beats Etymotic ER-4P IEM with foam tips. They block out -40dB of sound with no noise canceling technology, so there is no distortion. I don't know of any other IEMs that block out that much noise (there may be other ones today, but back when I bought them they blocked out the most noise). As far as best sound, I think the AKG K-1000s were the best sound (and a bargain at their original MSRP), but the requirement to use full-size speaker amps to drive them was tedious. The 595s, 600s and 650s are all great. Personally I'd go with a 600 or 650 bought used off another head-fi member who happen to be the first user. Both can be had used in like new condition for around $300. Keep an eye on the for sale forums there. The market for them is pretty liquid and it shouldn't take more than a week to find one in great condition. Both the sennheisers and the DT880 benefit from an amplifier. A decent small desktop amplifier can be had for $150-200. Go ahead and buy the amp used on head-fi. They don't really depreciate in value with use like headphones and can be sold later for the same price. An awesome headphone rig with used components can be had for about $500 total ($300 on the headphones and $200 on the amp). Beyond that point it really is subject to diminishing returns and gets highly subjective and bikesheddy. This is coming from someone that sold his Grados and AKG for more than $3000 for both. As I said, I now just have IEMs, but when I buy another headphone again, my plan is to get the HD-650s used from a first owner or if I'm feeling particularly giddy and very flush with cash maybe the HD-800 used from a first owner that can be had for a $1000 if you keep your eyes peeled for them. Either way, I intend it to be my last headphone purchase, because it's easy to get caught up in the equipment and forget about the music. Also, I wouldn't mix with any closed headphones, metal or otherwise, except maybe those two top of line sony models that are both discontinued. I never mixed myself, but everyone I know who did stuck with open headphones in a quiet room or studio monitors for serious audio work. I personally wish that outdoor ads visible from public places were illegal like they are in São Paulo. Outdoor advertising is visual pollution that has been placed over the World so slowly that most people don't realize the problem because they don't have a point of reference to compare to and be outraged. What is it about the cycle that is really valuable? Is it more about your productivity and the productivity of the other partners and how you can help the current batch or about having the current batch all going through the cycle together simultaneously? have you every made an exception when a startup came very well recommended by YC alumni, other YC partners or colleagues in the market you respect very much? Or if the startup had the right hockey stick growth curve? Does maintaining a github repo constitute "commerce"? It certainly doesn't meet the dictionary definition of commerce, "the activity of buying and selling, especially at a large scale". Good design communicates trust. Whether this is justified or not is another matter, but I know most people tend to trust pretty things and pretty people, especially if they are eloquent. TBH, anyone who tells you things about privacy policies and other opinions typical of privacy advocates are completely out of touch with the average user. I'm a privacy advocate myself, but I'm not so out of touch with the world to think that people see things the way I do and that a site needs to speak to people like me to gain the trust of the average user. I am not the average user. HN users are not the average users. If you want to answer your own question about how to gain trust you need to be able to answer the question "who is my primary user?". If privacy advocates are not among those that are your primary users or among the early adopters, you needn't worry about the issues others mentioned. Just make it pretty and make the wording friendly. I'm not suggesting you be unethical. I'm just answering your question on how to communicate trust. Be pretty. Talk smoothly. These aren't the views of normal users. You may not be 99% percentile when it comes to privacy awareness, but given your answer, you are among the 95%+ percentile for sure. normal users don't know or care about monetization plans. they don't know a privacy policy has been copy/pasted. In fact, they won't read it. They won't go far enough to check if the business is in the EU or US. Most normal users of your service aren't in the EU, unless your service is targeting mainly people in the EU. Most people don't care who is behind a company and won't investigate this. Normal users won't look far enough to find canned statements about privacy on your site. Normal users won't try to see what a company stores about them. Normal users don't know or care about metrics or know about targeted advertising. Imagine the average internet user. By definition 49.9% of all internet users are less aware and less capable than that person. Remember this. It keeps perspective grounded in reality. Legal definitions are an incredibly murky area because they so often diverge from consensus. Thanks for your explanation. Learned something new today. :) It's cultural. There's only so much Apple's customer service culture can do to overcome the customer service culture in a country, when the staffing of the company sources people locally who have different ideas of what constitutes customer service. The US has great customer service and of companies operating in the US, Apple is the cream of the crop. So it's effectively the creme de la creme in the US. Customer service in southeast Asian countries is largely crap across the board (I lived in China for 1.5 years and I'm speaking from experience). One of the cultural phenomena that backfires customer service-wise is the collectivistic culture versus individualistic culture. Business people see customers as a collective and not a group of individuals. In this environment, no matter how good Apple's policies are, the judgement of whether or not your case/issue will be judged on a case by case basis and deemed worthy of meriting a replacement is going to break down because the people you ultimately deal with don't see or treat you as an individual or your case as unique. There are benefits of collectivistic cultures, but customer service isn't one of them. Look at the bottom of HN and you'll see a link to this post: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=363 Moving photos from one service to another is doable, but it requires a LOT of effort from the average user (relatively speaking). Even if another company made an "import instagram photos to service X", the perceived effort of moving would prevent most users from finding such an import feature and making the move. Photos are a pretty solid natural barrier that could protect Instagram while they made that long trek. That being said, stickiness and perceived lock-in with photos doesn't make the trek any less arduous. $33 per user could make sense if this was a defensive acquisition as other HNers have suggested. If G+ bought Instagram and it made enough of a difference in G+ activity to make G+ competitive with Facebook, I could see how it could knock $1 billion or more off Facebook's IPO price. Remember, it's 30 million of the more active social network users. These are the same type of core users that Facebook had back in its early days that helped attract the other 750 million users it has. If by 'post' you are talking about kyro's post, no it isn't bikeshedding because the concept of bike shedding is based on C. Northcote Parkinson's original observation on discussions involving trivial subject matter. Kyro, as a professional designer with lots of experience and domain expertise who also did a complete visual redesign as a critique, would be analogous to those discussing the finer points of building a nuclear reactor in Parkinson's original argument, and not those discussing the color of the bike shed. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parkinsons_Law_of_Triviality From talking to deberg (matt debergalis) on #meteor, ddp stands for distributed data protocol and in his words "is a combination of remote method invocation and attribute pub sub, tied together in a way that [allows] latency compensation on the client by simulating server methods" Why not use CIE L*ab, since that colorimetric system is based on human perception or difference? Why? This unfortunate behavior is well described by Wadler's Law: http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Wadlers_Law Have you considered looking at what is available on Freecycle? A lot of people don't know about free cycle and some of the things available there may be useful for your goal. The best definition of a startup I've heard is "a temporary organization working together in search of a business model" With that in mind, investors are investing in a temporary organization in search of a business model. Late state investors may invest after that temporary organization either has a business model or is about to establish one and really early investors may put there money in before any business model has been discovered. Whatever the case may be, it's an exploratory effort that investors are part of. If the entrepreneurs are fully capable of building a sustainable business, but never discovered a sustainable business model, then the investors, as agents that both advise and help with issues like recruiting talent, are as culpable for any failure to achieve that goal. Founders are putting in their time at below market rates (an opportunity cost whereby they aren't participating in other potentially lucrative ventures) and investors are putting in their money (an opportunity cost where the money invested can't be applied to other lucrative ventures. Both have a claim to the business model generated. Entrepreneurs pay for their claim with time. Investors do it with the money that enable the entrepreneur to put in that time. Now, IMHO, where acquit-hires come into play and how they can be split up fairly is to divvy up the grants and benefits by who brought who into the organization. If investors put dumb money into the organization to find a business model that was never found, they have very little they can claim. If however, you have smart investors with solid connections that contributed highly to the creation of the organization established, they could make a case that they contributed significantly in the value being purchased by the acquirer. The fair thing to do would be to ascribe a significant portion of the bonuses and grants according to the golden handcuffs applied and to divvy up the rest of the pot among those people most responsible for creating the organization. If I was responsible for 90% of the recruiting in my organization, I don't think it's fair for any investor to think they have some claim to that value that was largely generated via networking extra-temporary organization. If, however, one or more of my investors contributed a large portion of their social capital to bring talent to my business, they've invested a non-tangible in the business that they deserve to be compensated for. Money is invested in a business model. If the business model succeeds, you deserve a part of that. Social capital is invested to build an organization of talent. If you, whether entrepreneur or investor, contributed social capital to the business to attract that talent, you deserve a part of that. The only exception that is just that I can see would be where the startup paid well over the market rate to attract the talent. In this case the recruiting incentive used to grow the company was not the people, opportunity and problem being solved but simply cash exchanged for a mercenary activity. In this case money, and not social capital, contributed to the growth of a valuable organization, and investors could make claim to the returns. My question is the following: Of all the acqui-hires we've seen in the past few years, how common is it for those teams to stay together as a smaller organization within the larger acquiring organization. If teams generally don't stay together 6 months to a year after an acqui-hire, then the value created it not in the professional relationships (edges) of the acquired organization, but in the people (nodes). If the value is in the nodes, all the value belongs to the individual employees and not to the organization. Actually there is a reasonable alternative: Don't live in cities that fail to provide a reasonable alternative. A car is only a reasonable alternative in rural areas and as a mode of inter-city transport. FYI ECAD is the Brazilian equivalent of ASCAP in the US. The article is basically saying that when ECAD was originally founded that it was a big win for writers, musicians and other creators of content, but that in the Senate hearings and investigations it was found that ECAD had degenerated into an organization with poor transparency that now operates as if it exists for its own sake. 15 people involved with ECAD are being indicted on a variety of issues including such as fraudulent collections. This is awesome, and despite some backwardness in how Brazil's government is on some internet issues , it has been very forward looking on issues such as the drafting of an Internet bill of rights ( http://www.techdirt.com/articles/20111004/04402516196/brazil... ) While this investigative committee was formed in the middle of the last year, it was ECAD's targeting of my co-founder's design blog ( http://www.caligraffiti.com.br/ ) and one other blog that moved recently moved popular sentient against the organization and brought these fraudulent collections to light. Their attempts to double collect royalties from both Google (with whom they had a contractual agreement for royalty collection) and using legal threats against people, like bloggers, linking to content on sites like YouTube blew up in their face and they ended up getting a ton of well deserved bad press. The cool thing about Brazil is that culturally, we own up to the fact that remixing is a big part of the creative culture and has been for a long time, something that is true of the US as well, but isn't as universally acknowledged. (e.g. they are quick to send censorship notices to companies like Google, this is largely because most judges are very computer illiterate and don't understand how the medium differs dramatically from others. It is largely an issue of misinformed judges. Brazil desperately needs an EFF to help with the issue of legal education pertaining to the Internet, but current laws regulating legal organizations prevents the creation of an analogous organization.) What I meant was that if you ask the average Brazilian, even those that are much older, you'll see a greater acknowledgement that remixing content is considered fair use culturally and popularly. In the US, there is just as much remix culture, but it's not culturally or popularly considered fair use by a large percentage of the population. In the US, most people would be like, "they used 5 seconds of another song in their remix, they need to pay royalties!", whereas in Brazil, most people would be like, "Srsly?" I personally cannot explain the problem. I think it was some sort of rule governing what bar-licensed lawyers can and cannot do or what an organization of lawyers can do. It's one of those rules that is like Rule #1 of the Screen Actors Guild. The person to ask about it is Marcel Leonardi. Marcel is one of the few lawyers in Brazil genuinely proactive with respect to internet rights in Brazil. A few years ago he spent some time interning at the EFF in the US via a grant given to him by Google. He is now part of Google's general council in Brazil and AFAIK still works largely on issues of internet rights. The following is his first article on the his experience at the EFF and the possibility of founding such an organization in Brazil. However this article was written before he encountered these legal hurdles. I don't know if he wrote specifically about the legal hurdles or if we simply discussed them in person over lunch. http://leonardi.adv.br/2010/01/eff-minha-experiencia-e-as-po... If you want to know more or want to get involved, I'd contact him, since he can better explain the legal hurdles to creating an analogous organization in Brazil. I don't see what literacy rates has to do with remixing except when literary works are involved. If anything a low literacy rate probably means that people are less exposed to the concept of "droit d'auteur", a concept internationally established at the Berne Convention by the literary elite in France (victor hugo, et al). The concept of copyright is largely grounded in written works. If anything the recorded music industry was one of the first to challenge "right of the author". The sheet music industry was up in arms when recorded music became mainstream. I also get the impression that writers are generally more likely to be adamant about copyright that musicians. When you are producing 4 minute songs versus 200 page tomes, there is a much greater chance that whatever work you are producing will demonstrate elements of the works that influenced the author. I wouldn't say that they couldn't figure it out, but it wouldn't be an intuitive solution for someone who doesn't hack. We want marketers that can code for the same reason that we want designers that can code. We want that because some of the most important design decisions happen in code. A corollary to this would be that some of the most important marketing decisions happen in code. The most obvious of this would be recognizing how you can programmatically hook your application with 0 users to another system with thousands to millions of users. An obvious solution that a regular marketer may recognize is simple address book integration. A less obvious solution that a hacker with API experience would recognize is how to hook into the Twitter search API, programmatically recognize hashtags and generate responses that appear legit from a real user. Any sufficiently advanced spam is indistinguishable from content. It often takes a hacker to make the decisions that further advance field of spam to the level of content. It's not US-centric. It's English-centric and English is the lingua franca of software engineering as it is with many other professions. TBH, programming is and will always will be English centric and I would never feel 100% confident with any software engineer that isn't very proficient in English insofar as reading and writing are concerned. Practically every tome, text, blog or article of any real value in the field is published in English, and only once they are really well known are they translated to other languages. The only time the English speaking programming World is behind that of another language is when a new language is developed by a non-native English speaker (such as Lua developed in Brazil and Ruby developed in Japan). And even then no language would ever see popular adoption to the point of importance if it doesn't adopt English as the language of its source and its documentation. This isn't bigotry. This is just the way things are. FWIW, English isn't my first language, Portuguese is, but I have native fluency in English. I wouldn't be surprised if they offer you a job. You sound like the ideal first engineering hire. But if it works in other markets, it could make it back here. I think a lot of people discount the possibility of introducing disruptive technology in major international markets that are also developing economies. The BRICs plus Africa would be interesting markets for disruption in the telecommunications infrastructure space. I would wager that it is far far more important that you intimately understand a market or have at least demonstrated the capacity to do so, than to have an idea. In the end, users is just another word for audience. Before you can acquire users, you need to build with an audience in mind. It may not always be your intended audience that adopts your product, but being audience-centric prepares you for catering effectively to whoever does end up using your product. Were I designing the application for no-idea applicants, I would put a bunch of questions related to a certain audience and the pains they experience and ways in which that audience can be served better. An idea is just a hypothesis (a question with direction). Understanding the audience is observation. It's more important to be good at observing because it leads you to know when your hypothesis is wrong and to new hypotheses The opportunity is in "owning" a high value relationship (an edge) between two people (two nodes). There is a lot of commerce that relies along that edge in the social graph. e.g. Valentines Day, Anniversaries, Dates. The first step is to own the relationship and the second step is to monetize the relationship, both of which are challenging problems but solvable. If you know a couple's anniversary and know the content of their relationship communication, you could conceivably suggest activities and gifts that are monetizable. Jewelry, dinners, activities in common, etc. By focusing on a narrow relationship, you can build NLP tools around romantic/amorous banter that identify things that couple would enjoy doing together. There is a lot of money here, but it ain't gonna be easy. This is the type of startup where hiring A players really really matters, because to become valuable, you need people that can execute solidly on the first problem and then people who can take that solution and execute solidly on the second problem. Many startups owning a valuable user base often fail to monetize those relationships. You shouldn't get paid based on your cost of living. You should get paid on value added. TBH, I don't see why living in the midwest should drop the salary a company owes you that much. If you are a good developer, you should command a salary comparable to the value you add plus a profit margin for the business. The only two explanations I can see is that, collectively, software engineers in the midwest are simply not negotiating for the salaries they deserve because given the cost of living they don't feel like they have to negotiate for better or that they are on average of much lower quality in the midwest that there is no room in the salary range there for being an outlier commanding a salary outside that range (i.e. no room for a unicorn in a stable full of horses). If I worked remotely from Timbuktu, I would laugh at any employer that offered me less based on the cost of living in Timbuktu. It should be no different working in the midwest. Our world is flat. You don't need to be in the profit center of the company, but, and this is a big but, when you are not in the profit center of the company you, your colleagues and your department are seen by the CFO and accounting side as an expense and not a cost. Being seen as an expense in many companies means that there are budgets and less perceived room for negotiating by those deciding your salary. They have a budget to meet. It's not like they can easily go to their superior and say "Hey, if you increase my budget for salaries X, I can reduce the company's expenditures by 2X". Unfortunately budgets for most non-core departments only go down, unless the demand for the service that non-core department by the core departments go up, i.e. "In order to offer 2X capacity, I need 2X the budget" Plus, you generally never want to be in the non-core part of any company/industry because the quality/talent of the people you work with in the profit center of a company/industry. It's simply much harder to surround yourself with good people. ... and working to put profit only in someone else's pocket. If a firm is in Memphis instead of NYC and selling their services to essentially the same clients, then the owners of that business are already earning a greater profit on other cheaper operating costs like commercial real estate. By accepting a lower salary that simply covers a comfortable style of living you're simply putting even more money in the owner's pocket instead of yours. It's a classic case of pareto optimality. The only explanation I can think of is that many developers don't see themselves as professionals commanding the salaries of professionals as skerrit_bwoy pointed out. There is no reason that good developer in any market shouldn't be living at the exact same standard of living as the good doctors, lawyers, finance people in that market. They should be living in the same homes and sending their kids to the same schools, etc. 30 days holiday per year also solves the "hero programmer" problem. Having to function without one professional for 30 days out of each year teaches that organization to function without that person and not rely on them in a way that makes them a single point of failure. Since you already got the audience, twould make a great blog post. It's should be an obligation of every professional in our industry to negotiate higher and be seen as valuable as we actually are to society. The fact that most professional software engineers know their value and demand it severely hurts the salary bar for every other software engineer. Silicon Valley and NYC are the only two places where I see developers actually beginning to demand what they are worth. Many entrepreneurs in a lot of areas outside software were able to do what they did because they were highly paid professionals in a prior life that could afford to invest a chunk of their own money in their endeavor. If we, as a profession don't ask to be paid according to value added, then in general there are going to be a lot less of us starting our own businesses and when we do, we'll have to cede control to non-technical types that did demand their worth like lawyers and finance guys. My theory is that the first dotcom boom paved the road for the growth we are experiencing now because it took money from Wall Street and used it to line the pockets of technical folks with cash. I too have the most unusual of degrees for a software engineer and UI designer. I majored in Psychology and Textile Technology (with a focus in fashion and apparel management). I'm also a few credits short of a math minor and a physics minor. It's a very unusual combination of coursework and the depth and breadth of that experience coupled with the unique perspectives I earned as result are more of an asset than a liability, especially when many people I encounter have similar backgrounds in computer science. Intellectual contrast provides value, because it highlights things that are often overlooked. Take Steve Jobs and Apple for example. Steve enrolled in a liberal arts college, dropped out and then dropped-in on creative writing and calligraphy classes. He later said of the experience, "If I had never dropped in on that single calligraphy course in college, the Mac would have never had multiple typefaces or proportionally spaced fonts." People should own up to things like what they majored in in college. On the other hand, I don't think majoring in accounting is really the kind of person that Yahoo needs right now since it's the bean counters and pencil pushers that completely did that company in. Hopefully this guy has some other relevant experience that Yahoo could use, but something tells me that's unlikely. That being said, it's still inexcusable for any company and any executive to push such egregious lies into corporate filings that are used by others to make investment decisions. If a company wants to lie about the background of their executives on the About Us page that is one thing, but to knowingly misrepresent information in legal documents is beyond the realm of megalomania and into the realm of legally fraudulent. I'm amazed that we insist on treating all undesirable activities as crimes instead of trying to treat them as social problems with social solutions more often. It has worked wonders for Portugal in the war on drugs, and TBH, I think it would work well for a lot more types of social ills. Criminalization marginalizes those that engage in undesirable activities and pushes them underground and as far away from any sort of help to help them overcome the problem. It's possible that such an approach would have some intended consequences like the abuses we see in the psychiatric community of the problemization of every behavior that isn't considered "normal", but this would be far better than the current prison-industrial complex that promotes an incarceration system that exarberates the problem instead of promoting healing. A classic example of a social ill that the FBI likely exploiting to justify the passage of this law that would probably better solved with social solutions is child pornography. I seriously would be surprised if most sexual predators of children don't first start off as casual consumers of child porn and things worsen from them. Dealing it as a social problem probably leaves a lot more room for those people to seek psychiatric treatment early on instead of promoting avoidance behaviors that allows consumption to grow unnoticed by those close to the person with the problem. I'd much rather see a Federal Bureau for the Study and Treatment of Social Ills. More of these activities should be treated as problems instead of crimes. The concept of "crime" conflates problems with a prescribed solution (incarceration) so it becomes impossible to separate the two and be able look upon the problem with fresh eyes and perceive novel solutions. Alternatively, there is no reason such a backdoor can't be programmed to inform the user. "Usage of this backdoor will inform the user that they are being surveilled" I don't think you can execute a National Security Letter gag order against source code. I predict we will still be using SMS in 10 years. While we're at it, email too will be used in 10 years. Both may have evolved by then, but they'll still be the same underlying service. Never underestimate the impact of resolve of companies invested in technology to support that technology ad infinitum ad absurdam. Yeah, but when someone gets shot with a gun you can't prosecute the manufacturer, so long as they put warning labels on their guns and sell them according to the laws regulating the sale of guns. The person responsible is the person who pulled the trigger, which in this case would be the Feds. The key is to make sure that they get access to the backdoor directly. At the end of the day you can always code loopholes around the law, which will work until they legislate the loopholes away with more legislation. Almost every industry has been doing this since the beginning of government. One of the best ways to code this into the system is to provide security measures that allow you to prevent what machines can access your account and notify you if machines not your own try to access your account. "You recently tried to access your account from the IP address X.X.X.X located in Quantico, Virginia. If this was not you, please report this to customer service." Customer service can then legitimately comply with the gag order by admitting nothing and say they'll look into it. If Google gets served a gag order and violates that specific gag order served because of a piece of code they wrote, then I could see that happening. If they get served a gag order and then modify that code so that all future gag orders are not possible then I don't see a crime being committed for which they are liable. Gag orders are circumstantial. Code that applies to general situations is not. Backdoors (access) and confidentiality (disclosure) are concepts that are mutually exclusive of one another. For a companies like LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter, where the value and competitive advantage is in the network and API, I would really like to see them open-source their clients entirely. I think there is a lot to be learned by everyone by being able to read the entire source code of a very well done javascript app in a native wrapper on Github. On top of that it gives people a great example of a project leveraging your API and using it in advanced ways. I really can't see what any of those companies would have to lose by opening up their client code. A general opening up of javascript based client code in cases like this where it doesn't really pose a thread for the company would help further the web app ecosystem and hammer the nails into the native coffin faster (I'm not saying native will completely go away, but for most apps it's unnecessary.) I know that for myself (and many early adopters), nothing helped us learn more about Backbone.js than being able to read the entirety of the DocumentCloud source unminified/unobfuscated. If anyone at those companies is reading this, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this, and if you agree it'd be great to raise awareness within the company that this is a worthwhile thing to do. How does this differ from backbone.localstorage.js? https://github.com/jeromegn/Backbone.localStorage http://documentcloud.github.com/backbone/docs/backbone-local... About two years ago before I started programming I posted this on the what-wg mailing group about a real use case that is financially useful in reducing costs: http://lists.whatwg.org/htdig.cgi/whatwg-whatwg.org/2010-Jan... Back then it wasn't really technically possible, but technologies like WebRTC may change things since they make browser-to-browser communication possible. Check out btapp.js for an implementation of bit torrent in the browser: http://pwmckenna.github.com/btapp/docs/btapp.html Besides that you may want to look at this html5-filesystem api polyfill: http://ericbidelman.tumblr.com/post/21649963613/idb-filesyst... At the end of the day, something like this is only really going to be useful for file types that likely can't be modified to be malicious. e.g. css and images. I know of a few people looking into stuff like this. Personally I think it is only a matter of time before we see it applied to more things. I don't really think it's a matter of the technology being available at this point. It's more a matter of someone building it. After all it took almost 5 years from the time the Mosaic web browser was introduced to the market for blogging to make an appearance in 1999. How does it know how not to bend the wire so it doesn't interfere with its own operation? And if it doesn't know, are there are set of heuristics used to know when the design you make isn't possible? That video is the first thing I thought of while reading the article. I wasn't sure if it would get up voted or not, but I'm glad it did, since it does highlight how far you can go when determining the root cause of something. "... but Why?" "Because some things are and some things are not!" They also need websockets support over ELBs. Why would you choose a country to be the custodian of a city state instead of choosing a city or several cities to act as custodians? I hardly think that nations are fit to manage a special economic zone. Hong Kong, Singapore, NYC, San Francisco, etc. are better equipped to manage a special economic zone than England or Switzerland are. The menu is nice, but I'm wondering why no one has implemented the scrolling clock indicator in javascript/CSS. That is actually genuinely useful in some cases. The same goes for an alphabet indicator. The closest I've seen is sausage.js. http://christophercliff.github.com/sausage/ There are a ton of money making opportunities in the social space if you can transparently insert your product or service in the path between two people partaking in a social activity together on which they are spending money. The money is there. It just isn't trivial to extract just like drilling for oil in deepwater. I would say that Instagram buys Facebook time to solve the mobile revenue problem by extending their virtual lock-in on user's photos.