The commisioners only lowered the charges for users in the EU roaming in other EU-countries. For example, if you bought your contract in Germany, you'll have to pay only 0.10 € / minute while you're in Denmark. (Which is quite funny, 'cause I have to pay 0.11€ / minute for calling to other german carriers.) I'm getting here > speed 1640kIPS on the old Nexus 7, don't you mean 8kkIPS? (This value was the average while booting Linux) The best solution would be the one used by Linux: Separate Data and Software. On Linux there is a specific flag that has to be set and is not set per default to make a file executable. So if you run something, you know that you are running it as a program and not opening it as data. Windows on the other hand marks everything as executable which begins with MZ and whichs filename ends in .exe or .com The battery life of the Nexus 7 is almost the same using Desktop Ubuntu compared to Android. Have you gotten all the features, the iPhone 5S got? Do you have the nice blurred Control Center background? Android's Problem is fragmentation, and it wouldn't help at all to just backport some functions to older devices, because then developers coulnd't be sure about tthe availability of any API. Or printing out and handing it over. I'm running Kubuntu with KDE, but fullscreen flash videos are also very bugged, how did you fix them? There is a german lawyer blogging about his experiences on lawblog.de, but aside from him I never saw any lawyer/judge/etc. on the internet talking about their job. I've got a really interesting example of this: I installed for my little sister (12 years) Kubuntu on her computer, now she has used it for half an year and she says it "just works". Using Windows XP or iOS at school is really difficult for her, because it is "so illogical", "nothing works as expected". Firefox with 30 tabs and several Youtube videos uses about 334MB So, while surfing just 5-8 websites at a time you'd have enough memory. Sometimes I'm even using a computer from 1996 which struggles even with xp – it's good enough as a compile server (Pentium II). To cite ENCOM : "What's different this time?" – "We've put a 12 on the box". — From "Tron: Legacy" Have you used KDE? It doesn't look like windows, but it is quite easy to use. And even without hacking EventKit you could just base64 the media and add it as description. It's the other way round. This was a survey where they asked thousands of germans, which country would be the most dangerous. And more people mentioned the US than Iran. Who is using Mir right now? Not even Ubuntu. They use Mir only as a wrapper around XMir which then displays Unity – they've won nothing with this. But with Wayland coming to kubuntu this summer and Mir coming to Ubuntu at the same time, we'll see how Wayland and Mir compare in production. > The unity web player is not supported on your platform It seems like this game can't be played on GNU/Linux. > repair teeth This is not reparing. Repairing would assume that afterwards you've got the same features as before, but replacing nerves and blood vessels with plastic (or in this case, regular tissue) doesn't really provide the same features as before. I'd like to see much more the possibility to replace teeth with ones you've generated from your own stem cells. > The DMCA does have provisions against reverse engineering Here in the EU reverse engineering is allowed and even if you sign a contract saying you won't reverse engineer something you've still got the right to do it. How would the DMCA comply with this, would anyone be able to shut down legally reverse engineered code on GitHub? Oh, hi. I'm also using uberspace, nice to see another uberspace-user here :) I think Hetzner has also some datacenters in Hamburg. I'm using the Sidewinder X4 on linux, and the anti-ghosting-feature works even without any custom driver, so I assume they used the "register one keyboard as multiple keyboards"-approach. But it's also not closed source, because OpenGL is just a specification, like Wayland. Google Mail/Google+/etc. will upload your contact info (All your contacts stored on your device), therefore if you've had your own photo added to your own offline contact, you can be quite sure it was taken from there. Actually, the past 2 years of Minecraft development were almost completely spent on RAM consumption, renderer efficiency, recreating the renderer with an OpenGL 2.1 shading pipeline, switching from direct drawing to VBO's, creating compatibility with translucent objects, etc. Since January 2013 they've spent almost the whole time on optimizing the performance. And the only features they've implemented since where features people wanted really badly or features which came automatically – for example, after adding support for translucent objects they were able to add stained glass with just some few lines of code. Actually they've announced there's a web and browser-addon version in the works, so we might be able to get it on PC. 1. Because you need to have a session open at every time 2. Because OTR appends the key for the next message on every single message, so if A is sending several messages after each other while B is offline all of them will be encrypted with the same key. TextSecure fixed both of these issues but is otherwise based on OTR. You should really look into it. That was my reaction as well. But I hope they've done this intentionally, because I hope nobody would be stupid enough to produce a new backdoor while fixing the first. Maybe those rulings or laws won't happen in the US, but in some major markets of the planet those rulings will happen – partially this discussion has already happened in the EU. You see this right now in the internet community around the Disney Movie Frozen. Most people there own a BluRay of the movie, but we're still using the torrents or video streams for all kind of remixing or for watching them together because we don't have to care about the DRM this way. Most people only buy the BluRay to give Disney further reason to produce a second movie – so more like you'd donate to an OpenSource project. I would actually pay 50€ or so for Pixelmator if it'd be available for Linux – but sadly it's not. I'd think, though, that the Pixelmator devs could port it to Linux quite easily, as most of the code already works with OpenGL/OpenCL/etc. so they'd only have to port the Cocoa-based UI to QT. And the worst thing is: Chrome still doesn't properly support HiDPI on Linux or Windows. The bug got closed as: "Working as intended, just zoom into the page". A satirical video about this topic from 2009 when the BKA wanted to do the same thing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdIA0jeW-24 You will need more modern stuff than OpenGL2.1 because OpenGL2.1 uses a really deprecated model. You'd really want use the new rendering system based on VBOs and Shaders instead of glBegin(). Again, this is a regional problem – in my country we have no Netflix and videos on Amazon Instant Video cost at least 7 or 8$ each (just for renting them for viewing them one time – if you want to view them multiple times, pay 19$) Which means Amazon Instant Video is, if you want to watch videos multiple times, more expensive than buying the DVD or BluRay. >there are services like Spotify, Rdio and many more that offers painless listening. Sadly most of these are only available in the US – and there are ~500 million people in the EU without access to most of these services. Luckily it gets better nowadays, Spotify exists in most countries here, iTunes in contrast to Google Play actually sells everywhere (GPlay only in some countries here) and with Netflix coming to Germany, Austria, the Netherlands, France and some other countries from 2015 on movie piracy will also go down. Using github.io? As the URL bar loses importance then people will just tend to ignore it, and on first glance (and probably for anyone who's not familiar with github pages) they will both look as valid. Shouldn't you still be able to directly invoke ld-linux.so to load the ELF binary, even if it's marked as non-executable? Or easier: If you're an EU citizen, just baksmali the Android App. As long as you don't copy code from their App decompiling is completely legal as per EU law there is no copyright on source code, but only on the implementation. And for private use the API access will also be allowed. Though I am not a lawyer, and this topic is still being discussed even in EU courts, so I wouldn't recommend using it for larger projects. Some Websites require you to pay money for access to their API. Some of them also have a HTML5-App (with a wrapper) available for Android. This app uses the same API. So some malicious developer could just unzip the app, read the JavaScript and find the API-key, and use their key instead of paying for one. And as the website usually has many accesses from the same IP (due to mobile users being behind NATs), the Website will never find out that someone is abusing their API. And a developer with Apktool could still modify the app and get the keys, you win nothing with this solution. I think OMNIRom has an open source swipe keyboard, I compiled everything from source and it worked with swiping, so I guess there's that. Notebooksbilliger.de sells all the laptops in their student lineup without OS – I bought my laptop there to save the license cost. Sometimes you can also find occasionally a laptop in a store with FreeDOS, but I've never seen one being sold with Ubuntu. German here – we have one company owning most of the lines, it gets subsidies from the government, but is in turn forced to make their lines available for everyone. Also the government just forces ISPs to provide specific speeds in specific areas. And we have many small ISPs which provide their own network, most of the time they are the same company that also provides water and electricity, and these ISPs compete heavily with the government-owned ISP. Also right now ISPs have to upgrade rural areas first, so in many rural areas you can already get 200mbps to 500mbps for 50€/month, while I'm in the city and can only get it from next year on. Overall: It is possible to create competition and still have governmental regulated fast internet. If you look at the screenshot at 1:1 resolution http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-4mueYYHRq8I/U8g3U-bk26I/AAAAAAAAAU... you can clearly see that the old renderer is blurry and hard to read, while the new one is crisp and looks much better. That's because the font you're using is set to render without antialiasing – the old system just rendered everything larger and then scaled down (supersampling), while the new system actually uses real antialiasing and only when the flag is set. Here in Germany it works like this: 1) You get the check with a total 2) the waiter hands you a mobile card terminal (like this: http://pay-tec.de/cms/paytec/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/1.jp... ) 3) You put your card in the terminal 4) waiter enters amount to pay + what you said you'd tip 5) You see the total, enter your PIN, press confirm 6) waiter hands you back your card. Per default not, it just asks you every time you enter the password if you'd like to enable that 15 minute feature. And does your styling work in a webbrowser where JS is disabled? Actually Chrome had most of these features and started removing them again. But that's not what the law aims for either. It's just supposed to make finding those results harder, so that you don't accidentally stumble upon them, but have to actually search for them. And in Siberia you sometimes encounter -70°C and in Dubai you measure 50°C (Both of which would be off the 0-100F scale). Internationally Celsius make more sense. Yeah, I almost finished my drawing of Elsa (from Disney's Frozen) :/ No, the US exchanges don't provide any public data at all, this is also why they can't be listed in the Wikipedia Table for "Internet Exchange Nodes by throughput". If you can find some data though, I'd encourage you to add the data to the table :) Hmm, I am paying here on amazon.de with direct bank transfer, and it shows shipping costs even directly on the article page as long as I'm logged in. Why is that? I live in Germany, 1.5h from the nearest International Airport – and I can get 200mbps for 80$ everywhere here, in some areas even more. And these speeds are provided by for-profit companies, not by municipalities. Your argument is invalid. It's not a blanket ban – UberBlack can still operate, because UberBlack follows the regulations. UberPool isn't banned either. It's only UberPop, which tries to operate without a license as a for-profit service. And imagine a UberPop driver hits you with his car – he would be not insured (regular insurance doesn't cover commercial activity), so you would have to pay your own medical treatment (getting broken bones together, etc) on your own, because the driver had no license. In Germany health insurance does not cover medical procedures if they were caused by someone else (or at least they try to get their money back with lawsuits). And the insurance of the driver wouldn't cover commercial activities, so he'd have to pay everything on his own. Good luck finding a single driver for Uber then, because just one accident could bring a driver 300k$ into debt. There is a difference: Regular insurances do NOT cover commercial activities – so if you want to drive for uber, you need to get a commercial insurance. This is everything the court asked for: Appropriate insurance and regular checkups (yearly instead of biyearly). Hmm, what you are suggesting in the beginning sounds just like Quassel: It is a Bouncer with full PostgreSQL database of the whole log, full search functionality, a shared history between users of the same bouncer, etc. There are clients as a website (runs on node.js), for Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS and Android. So, if someone would add the missing features to Quassel, we could make that one the new new HipChat. German here, living in the suburbs of a 250k people city, and I got 4 daycares within walking distance, which each provide care between 7am and 4pm – which is enough, as the average German only works from 8 to 14 (6h/day). In Germany men can also go into maternity leave, so yeah, we got that. And here on this computer are 4 Germans sitting who also do NOT agree with your opinion – stop saying this xenophobic bullshit. There actually is a way to use the pre-2012 search index! Just use http://www.google.com/custom I use either DuckDuckGo or this site all the time, I'd probably switch to DuckDuckGo completely if this search would go down. Even in the comments everything is US oriented. Example: "2 years are now a long support cycle for phones as most people get carrier upgrades every 2 years anyway" (from the Android Browser vuln thread. This is only valid in the US because most people in Europe, Africa, Asia, India, etc. buy their phones seperate from their contract, so there is no "automatic" upgrade. Another example was in the Popcorn-Time threads the "Who needs this if you have Netflix?" – Netflix doesn't even exist in most countries, and where it does exist, they only have like a dozen series, nowhere near the US version, so it provides no benefit. Hell, here where I live even DVD rental is still used, even Amazon provides DVD rental here. Most of the people in the comments assume that everyone is in the US and a Hacker-News without that would be great. For example with emails you see this – get a new email, in the notification you can click on "delete" (as I get far too many unnecessary mails) or, if accidentally deleted, undo it again. Or click on Reply and directly write a reply. This works with AOSP Email and Gmail (maybe others as well). The ability to USE them? I for example can barely use my Moto G with one hand, most of the time holding it with two hands (one in the top left, one in the lower right) so I can access all of the screen easily. My hands are just too small, I can't use a Nexus 5 at all without two hands, really annoying. So, for all us people with small hands, what do you think we should do? Buy a 5.5" phone and use it like a tablet? That's not really practical :/ Take a look at the german research community with the Fraunhofer Society – the researchers don't really get rich, but they have save jobs, can continue doing what they can best (researching), while the money is completely invested in new research. And overall there are almost no profits made, because the prices are actually affordable. Disassembling your phone only voids the warranty on the overall device, not on the individual parts. Also changing the software does not void the warranty of the hardware. Also if a contract contains a clause forbidding you to disassemble, decompile, or debug something, then the clause is automatically void. Yay for EU rights. Lucky that I compile Firefox from source anyway, even if it was originally to get proper Qt support. In the future we’ll have to use IceWeasel then :/ It actually has — Apps can prevent the system from taking screenshots by telling the DRM hardware chip that they are showing important data. Actually you can even prevent users from obtaining the data if you encrypt it with a secure key and store this key in the DRM hardware chip. Only problem: Someone could still decompile your app, use your API and request the decryption keys. 3) is not really useful if you login quite often from different devices that aren’t synced, so you can’t use a password manager. I can tell you: They do not. I made a small program to access Google Keep automatically. Because I was too lazy to implement proper authentication, I just hardcoded my session keys. The app is started from a different IP, using a different user agent and is STILL able to access the site after weeks! (Nowadays I have proper authentication in there, but it’s still worrying that stealing sessions from Google is so easy. Especially because some Google services submit their sessions keys via HTTP, without SSL) And it is even the #1 browser in places where Chrome can not be used (thanks to US export regulations) and in places where people think about security (Germany). Not anymore—all videos can be viewed in Chromium as well (except those with special DRM). They’re using DASH with small .mp4 snippets. It’s also the reason why videos don’t load completely anymore and why audio and video sometimes go out of sync. Also the reason why nothing works as expected. WDAS actually renders the movie multiple times: 4K 2D, 2K Stereo Left+Right, 2K IMAX 3D. Which makes the renderprocess especially slow, because even though you can reuse some parts of the process, some other parts can’t be reused. WDAS actually renders the movie multiple times: 4K 2D, 2K Stereo Left+Right, 2K IMAX 3D. Which makes the renderprocess especially slow, because even though you can reuse some parts of the process, some other parts can’t be reused. “Only buy electronical goods from East Asia that passed VDE, TÜV Nord, GS and CE specifications and tests”. (Interestingly, a lot of the US–produced products do not pass these tests either. The German standards for product quality are some of the highest existing and they have actually the ability to test all the imported stuff. Just don’t ever trust the TÜV Süd) Yeah, sadly doesn’t always work. Goo.gl and youtu.be sometimes send an http page consisting of " rel="nofollow">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opoDBF_b-fg&feature=youtu.be... Which makes it far more complicated. Another occasion where it’s appropriate to say “Fuck you, Google!” (also fuck you for disabling audio/video control on chrome mobile from JS, EXCEPT for google.com/youtube.com etc) Ummm..., no? In Chrome mobile you can only do for example .play() on an audio or video element, if you call it from an eventListener that reacted to an onClick event. I have an IRCbot that is supposed to resolve URLs and find out if they ever end up on YouTube, and then post the video title, length and viewcount. It was an extreme hassle to implement all of this, I am partially parsing JS and the DOM just to get all those redirect services to work. It’s a huge hacky mess, but the only fast working solution. And, for the fifth time today, I can sincerely say “Fuck you, Google!” They are uploaded to iCloud, which belongs to Apple. Apple — as an US corporation — has to comply with US laws and has to support ongoing US criminal investigations, including secret agencies. The idea is that streaming can never be illegal under current german laws, so if the server is just handing an mp4 to the client, then it’s perfectly legal. Is that the one with (: fun (natural natural -> real)) procedure signatures? On Android you should definitely load the images Async and not load them within the draw call. It does work for me, though: http://i.imgur.com/Hj6IlvM.png Did you decompile those services and try to understand what blur does? It actually gets data from social networks for aggregation of social data into the blur app. And DO is still more than 2 times as expensive as OVH is. Which is why I host in the EU, getting more security for less money. TL;DR: OVH provides more “fuck murica”[1] on the euro than DO. — [1]: This is not meant against the people of the US, but its government and secret agencies. Wow, that is really a pity. We have trains here in most of western europe that do about 200mph, but most long-distance travel is at 150mph. So yours are really WTF-worthy, especially considering how dense the population on the east coast of the US or around the SF bay area is. (Trains I’m referring to: ICE 3, TGV, Alvia, Railjet, etc.) Actually, you can do SMS, Facebook and Hangouts in one app. There are SMS services who support XMPP, and additionally Facebook and Hangouts support the XMPP client-side. It’s not as convenient as sending from kuschku@chat.facebook.com a message to justJanne@talk.google.com, but it still works quite nice. Germany – and the whole SEPA (Eurozone + Denmark + Sweden + Norway + Britain + Switzerland) uses the same system. It’s so fucking convenient to just open the app, enter either the bank account number or just select a contact from a list and be able to send money instantly. Did you know OpenSuse still maintains a patchset for Firefox to use it with Qt? It’s amazing. Works perfectly for me in Firefox: http://i.imgur.com/iCdmZhF.png Actually, there is an implementation of Touch Events (the Microsoft one) that already supports all this... It’s about consistence. Name of the Country in it’s own language, abbreviated to 2 letters. Results in EL for Greece, UK for the United Kingdom, etc. GB is an island and has nothing to do with the UK, it’s as if you’d call Japan now Hokkaido, it makes no sense. Oh, you can. There is a whole group of people sharing copyrighted movies via Google Drive, it happens all the time. Some of the movies were accessed hundredthousands of times, and are still online after over a year. You should try using Quassel — it's the perfect solution for an IRC Bouncer/Client-combo, it feels like any modern solution (aka infinite scroll to read previous messages, clients for the bouncer on every platform, etc). It's an amazing solution. So amazing, that I actually started commuting to the Quassel Android client, just because I want to give something back to this community. Conversations is a nice XMPP client for Android. It's under GPLv3, is in F-Droid and Google Play (costs 1$ in Google Play, though) and is probably the best XMPP client for Android :) Or you can just use quassel, which has clients for android, iOS, windows, Mac Linux and the web, works exactly like IRCCloud, is fully open source, and is able to run on a 2$/month webserver. Yay,Quassel! Have you seen QuasselDroid? It's the Android client for Quassel, I'm working on a Material redesign for it right now ^_^ You should also try the quassel webproxy (a web interface like IRCCloud) and the quassel-search tool, which allows you to search through the whole logs of everything. Wasn't the shuttle part of the older tech that was built on air decades ago, but the rocket on earth built out of the last pieces of scrap parts? I don’t know what multiple XORs have to do with SPDY, but yeah, they should have done it with one site, a CDN for images, some javascript loaded from weird other CDNs, etc. —— [1] Multiple XOR –> Multiplexor –> Multiplexer, an electronical circuit that hakes multiple bundles of lines and returns the values of the bundle which has been selected via the control input. Which is a bad idea. I actually have some bots which scrape Google sites (for the purpose of integrating stuff like Google Keep into KRunner), and they just use the Useragent of a regular phone, send normal POST data, etc. Works perfectly fine, and — I just checked — this bot is recognized as normal user by this captcha system. No Captcha input. I tried it even with a new Google profile and just using cURL to log into Google, then started a new browser session and imported the cookies from cURL. Worked just as well. I guess this makes it easier for malicious bot-authors... I am using a small tool that I wrote to integrate Google Keep and other Google stuff with KRunner and so on, and this tool (essentially being a dumb bot) also passes all the Captchas. I’d say malicious authors would have it really easy now. So, I tried it. With a Google Account that had ZERO activity for two years. Using a Java program to activate that site. Passed the CAPTCHA. Without any further verification. I mean, spammers are going to love it xD I posted this multiple times in this thread already, but I tried it with a Google Account that has a fake name, hasn’t been used for over 2 years, has received nor sent any emails since then, is in only one Google+ circle, and was only ever used from Firefox. And it passed the test. While trying it from within a Java client toolkit. Like, I took the worst setup any spammer would have, and it passed. How is this going to protect my sites from spammers? And on the other hand, am I even allowed to embed this into my site, if I am in the EU (Data protection, etc)? And additionally it’s easy to just create empty Google accounts and then use them with the bots. Just create a few dozen accounts, use them with a few hundred bots, and you easily get full verification. Your analogy is wrong. It’s more like: Going into a bookstore, taking the encyclopedia britannica, reading the article about Elephants and the leaving again, without buying the encyclopedia. Overall the store lost no sale. You wouldn’t have bought it otherwise anyway (For example as I had the choice between paying 20$/month just for Game of Thrones, or not watching it at all, I decided to just ignore that boring show). It might even have made a sale, because as you were already there, you might have bought something else (Pirates tend to spend the most money on additional stuff like cinema tickets or merchandise). And the store didn’t even lose anything, as you didn’t take something from them that they had, you actually didn’t even cost them any money. I know for example that most receiver boxes here actually advertise with automatic skipping of ads. And the people who watch it in real time, they just tend to switch to another channel, or turn off the volume and talk to each other, or do other stuff, etc. Which is why you are supposed to throw out untrustable Certificate Authorities. In the same way as TURKTRUST was thrown out by all vendors a few years ago, nowadays you should throw out VeriSign and GoDaddy just as well. You mean nasty root certificates like VeriSign and GoDaddy, which the NSA frequently uses for MitM? You should do the same to those certificates that you did to TURKTRUST, just throw the US CAs out. But what if the site loads JavaScript from an insecure origin? Gnome and KDE support it, but sadly there is still a lot of software that doesn’t :/ It’s actually really easy. I tried understanding the APIs several phone apps are using, (the apps are heavily obfuscated), so I decompiled them and hacked my own small deobfuscater where I could rename stuff half-automatically. Then I went through the code of Google Apps with this, and it’s actually really nice. Although kinda surprising how many Google Apps have hardcoded API keys for their services floating around, for example there is one Google App which has a hardcoded key that allows full unthrottled API access to all of the Google Maps APIs. For free. I just did this out of fun, as I’m mostly working on Android OpenSource apps, but it was quite easy and interesting to see how Google obfuscates their apps. We’re not talking about hardcoded strings, lol. This is encryption and obfuscation on multiple levels, classes passing each others state through hashing and encryption schemes on multiple levels, added bytecode hackery, etc. Snowden, 2013? Reminds me of the time, 2 or 3 years ago, when Google announced that every page which would take more than 300ms to load and render would be downranked in the search. Seems like we’re going backwards... You can use typed/racket with optional types, it’s kinda easy. Luckily you can easily change this on Linux :) Or it could result in a better outcome for the user, if the Search would include Knowledge Graph results from multiple sources. YouTube (another Google product) for example shows for videos that contain songs links to iTunes, Amazon, Spotify and Google Play. Google Search could do the same — list different places to get the content, etc. Qt with QML can use JavaScript, therefor it is possible for developers who are used to the web platform to use it without having to relearn everything, AND it is far more lightweight than Atom Shell. Actually, if you look back via the web archive, at the time when Retina appeared, a lot of people complained about it. Doesn’t really bring any advantage, takes too much processing power, people can’t see that sharp anyway, "too sharp images hurt my eyes", etc. It was exactly the same as with 3D or CGI, even though it is definitely useful. And where’s the problem with that? There are millions of people who pay with cash instead of credit cards, except for large payments, so why would that be something important enough to mention? Yup, same for me. I don’t even have a credit card, and I only pay electronically for large payments or where identification would be done anyway. And it’s cheaper for the merchants as well, with cards they lose 3% of the income, some merchants even make losses with every card customer. Germany is even nowadays still haunted by herds of radioactive boars, meaning that decades after chernobyl we still can’t eat wild meat or mushrooms. I’m actually using MEGA like this, I sync my home folder to MEGA and all devices. Really useful. Also another problem: UCS-2, commonly used as implementation for UTF-16, doesn’t support all the characters that UTF-8 does, which can lead to other nice problems during conversion. Which can create nice issues, especially because stuff like Java is limited to UCS-2... This actually already happened, with the judge that declared wget as hacking tool... Oh yes! the next android progress bars [1] are a perfect example of this. I actually kinda like watching them. — [1] http://www.google.com/design/spec/components/progress-activi... The problem is: This experiment was implemented over a region with 1.4 million people in it. Doing any larger sample size wouldn’t be helpful here. Hmm, in Germany a lot of products in most stores is tagged with a special capsule, if the product is stolen, as soon as it leaves the store, the capsule explodes and releases a 100ml of extremely bright red ink, which stains and can’t be gotten off anymore (literally, it will stay on your skin for a month or so). Also this marks the article as stolen, so no one will buy the red-stained product from anyone. No, it’s the full cruise control. Which is a really bad solution. The proper solution would be to put the AOSP version on the store, but keep it open. Also Google Play Frameworks should be split in the AOSP parts of their libs and the few actually closed parts. And your example doesn’t even tell what it’s doing. I’d have to look up what .expand, .where etc means, while Java just uses the standard FP names that every CompSci student knows. Even in Germany a lot of people and even companies write code in pure German, using purely German comments and variables. (Luckily German has only 7 additional codepoints compared to ASCII). No, Google Translate usually gives out shitty translations, meaning that the information will be actually lost. If they post in their native language, maybe someone goes along and translates it properly, meaning the information can be fully restored. And they always upload usage data, how many times you opened which app, how long it stayed in background and how often you used it in foreground, overall use time, etc. For all installed apps, all the time. But would allow the user to install them. It would have the same effect as the Google Apps in the store, without losing AOSP. But no one cares about stolen soda. The store can just write it off, it doesn’t matter. In general, everything that isn’t expensive clothing or technology isn’t even tagged at all, you can just walk out the store with it. Or if you go into the store, buy something, go out, remember you forgot something, go in again, and buy something else (while still carrying the already bought around), most of the time no one will bat an eye. stealing would be easy, but at least in upper-middle-class districts it’s kinda rare. And their new products are even far worse than advertised, for no real reason. for example compare http://i.imgur.com/IxwQwqk.png with http://i.imgur.com/DrzdQKJ.png , it’s not like it would have been much work to implement this design, and it would have made it far nicer, but they didn’t do it. It seems like Google is trying to save on every end and while trying to not spend a single unnecessary penny, they butcher their services. material design would have been nice, if Google would have actually implemented it: http://imgur.com/a/Xtey7 Yup, I’ve done that far too often, I even have a bookmark to a small script that just replaces the next input box I click on with a freeform text input. For that we also have different signs. There is a completely different sign for no stopping, with its own, seperate times. “The best iPhone […]” They do use articles in their presentations sometimes, though There was another post about this months ago, and the blind poster said that while C is usable (thanks to brackets), python is completely unusable or unreadable to them. Android. Google builds an AOSP environment, as soon as everyone uses it, they move all the libraries into the proprietary Google Services Framework, and then they appended their contracts so that every manufacturer that produces "Android with Google Play" devices can’t sell pure AOSP devices anymore. While we had to implement the Modulo operation as part of an assignment in assembler, several other students and me started discussing this topic, ultimately settling on "do whatever you want, just write down what it’s supposed to do", because we couldn’t really agree on which would be the better solution. Soooo, like Flattr? As a person who experienced this, while it slightly calms you down, it also can make you really angry if you don’t like it. It already does. Electrolysis allows you to specify how many processes you want to allow maximum. Google has customized results, every person gets a different amount of pages in differing ranking. Yes, cause you are getting customized results. Try http://www.google.com/custom?q=hackerspace&num=100&safe=off&... it will show you that they actually found those thousands of results, but only if you search with an older algorithm. Even OpenGL extensions are now only available through the Google Play API. It is NOT an exaggeration. Apps Gmail is different, cause you can even get it self-hosted. Several larger companies actually use it self-hosted in-house without running it through google. Which is not stupid in theory, but all websites implement it wrong. It was intended to forbid using tracking cookies without user approval, and this is the intent of the law. Nothing more. Actually, it’s a great solution. Because, as soon as you download the extension, or load the website once, from that moment on everything will be encrypted client side, to make sure MEGA will never be able to spy on their users. This answers the protocol question, but nothing about the actual data safety. Seems kinda fishy. So, like existing products like ThinLinc? Which can stream HD1080 over 8Mbps connection? Doesn’t seem like you actually provide some new product... Not necessarily, for example firefox always restores the previous state – but I for example tend to always clean everything after I finished one project, completely clean the room IRL and my folders on my system, and then start with an empty space again for the next project. Keeps the chaos manageable xD For me it luckily works – I only host a dozen of users on my server, but it works nicely, and – after having spent a few months setting it up once – also runs nicely with Google and the other large providers, even Yahoo and Hotmail (for now). LGPL might be the best solution then (I personally would say LGPL should be used for everything, but that’s a personal opionion), because LGPL only goes viral through actual forking, but does not consider linking. Definition of the Ombibar: While typing, the omnibar directly searches on Google and in your web history for the text you typed, may it be a search term, an URL, or content of a page you had visited in the past. except if the scanners use laser scanners, which don’t work with LCD screens, or if the cards use EMV chips. Yes, there are loyality cards with EMV chips Not really useful if you have 10€ in a mix of cent and euro coins. Tbh, to setup sync or install extensions in Chrome, you need a Google Account, for which you need to give them your cellphone number. And it uses a blacklist hosted by Google to check if a page should show a malware warning, or not even display at all. So your scenario isn’t even that far off. Try google.com/custom to get more deterministic results, although it seems like they might have changed that as well. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9151263 Another great example would be the example of stallman "In the future, debuggers will be illegal to use" and a recent court case where a person was sent to jail for accessing a website with a spoofed user agent using wget. And if you want an infinitely scaling image, you could even use an SVG. Actually, Firefox supports h264 nowadays. Cisco bought a license to the patent, and gave it to Mozilla for free, so they can freely distribute an h264 decoder. Firefox ships their own decoder now, Cisco donated a license of the MPEG patents to Mozilla. What do you think of the PP in the parliament of SH then? They have about 9% of the seats and are quite active in normal political work. The House. The House always wins. TPM /could/ be nice, if you personally would control it, instead of some company burning the signing keys into the processor – because then you would be able to make a safe system. There was a court case, where the argument was that "as spoofing a useragent is not a common use case that a normal computer user could do, it has to be considered criminal activity in itself". This is what I was referring to. > The downtown core is one of the few places in the world where people live and work in the same area... > commutes range from 5-30 minutes (and that's going to cover people who walk, bike and take transit). So, in general, it is like a classical European city, where the streets are even full of life after the end of the workday? If that’s true, than this is actually amazing. And creates the new question: Why did it work in vancouver, but not in so many other cities on the american continent. I used to complain about JS a lot, and from an OO standpoint it is annoying, but after I started getting more into functional programming, I started to like JS more and more. Although a shorter function syntax with default-return on everything would make it a lot nicer (and more similar to LISP). A language where 0x5eb63bbbe01eeed093cb22bb8f5acdc3 === 0x5eb63bbbe01eee000000000000000000 is not really suited for anything, tbh. GitHub? Probably not. But a local instance of GitLab? A lot more realistic, considering it’s Open Source and quite similar to GitHub actually. Btw, you guessed the wrong answer – it is actually 10 (as number, not as string). So it is definitely not as easy as you make it seem. For more on the perils of taxing reader patience, see WHY DOES TYPOGRAPHY MATTER. This is what I get on Firefox and Chome And that’s where we come full loop – with servo-shell being just like firefox’ XUL-based UI Even worse: if you just say "Software Patents are invalid", you lose the right to all their products. Or if you claim to have prior art to any of their products, you lose access to all other of their products as well. Google Analytics is, sometimes, blocked by the GFW – so, if you already sell out your users to Google, using Baidu wouldn’t be an unrealistic use case anymore. Non-Paywalled link: http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/04/02/google-eu-idUSL2N0... couldn’t USB use a GSM-like model instead? with specific timeslots? And thanks to dash, even when you seek back to the beginning, it won’t reload it properly. So either the video just breaks, or the first 10 seconds are forced in 360p. Or, sometimes, it just breaks, but clicking ten times on the 0-mark somehow lets it play again. DASH is annoying as hell. Google probably compares all the JS and HTML of the resulting page in-browser with the code that they originally delivered, allowing them to see if an extension or userscript manipulated it. Even in Kiel, 260k people, we had some areas where the price of houses over the past 10 years almost doubled – and I’m talking of suburbs, not even high rise areas. The only problems would be stuff like the bridges over the Kiel Canal (and the canal itself), and other smaller projects like that. That’s actually a hilarious statement, considering how notorious the US is for their industrial espionage. Both china and the US are equally bad in that situation, and both equally try to fully observe every single step any of their people does. And THIS is exactly what the EU antitrust trial is about. Exactly, and that’s why the EU trial is going on right now. Shopping and Places are two of the main problems the EU sees right now. Here is a map of high speed rail in europe: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/High_Spe... The (2012) But CIE color space still doesn’t help with dichromatic people Who have less than 2000 combined TV show episodes and movies in my country (Germany), and only launched here 4 months ago. But that’s the issue, duck typing really leads to many situations with uncertain situations. It’s like the + operator in JS: depending on context, you can have appending, addition, or vector addition. Imagine I get an object, I don’t know it’s type – I can’t even check if it implements the VectorAddition, Addition, or Appendable trait, I only see it has a .+ method. How am I supposed to switch between types being able to do either of these, without listing all types that might occur – as this might not be possible (I’m thinking about Haskell’s type classes as a solution to this, btw) They use webkit -.- Soo, we’d use a lisp? With lisp macros setting up everything? It doesn’t support any old IE plugins, it contains none of the IE/7/8/9/10 codebase, but instead is based on only the newly written parts of IE11, and it supports Firefox and Chrome addons. There is a blogpost: http://eev.ee/blog/2012/04/09/php-a-fractal-of-bad-design/ Skype was trying to register the trademark Skype® in: Communication, Mobile, TV (emphasis mine). Of course that will collide. Until you see Milka chocolate (older than Cadbury’s): http://www.germanfoods.us/milka-chocolate/images/milka-100/m... And the specs will be gone in 40 years. While ASCII will stick around. Luckily, at my uni this is not the case - obviously visible when on average, 70% fail the first time. In almost every class. (Math usually worse, functional programming usually better). And even though professors and their assistants answer emails, you have to write a real email - which is something that makes you think more about it than just being able to send a FB message. Actually, we have DRM in HTML5 now :/ Is ActiveX proprietary? Is it something that other browsers could not support? Would the maker of this technology put effort in preventing other implementations? Is Silverlight proprietary? Is it something that other browsers could not support? Would the maker of this technology put effort in preventing other implementations? in x86, it's even worse - there are microcode translators, with the microcode running on special small ALUs, with their own code caches. Source: Most of Europe. The issues with public transports are the same as with biking in the US: It works better when cities are really dense. Suburbs destroy the efficiency of public transport, biking, walking, inline skating, and any other non-car transportation. You could just go to Germany ;P https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02Ak1eIyj3M Germany has a maternity leave law, but people regardless of gender can take it. With the shit they’ve been doing, someone should just fork all their packages, and provide them as a nice set of packages for standard Ubuntu. Maybe we could even see an eBuntu (like Kubuntu, Xubuntu) with 15.10? And how about server-side state? Imagine you use setInterval to load a new paragraph from a server, and the server only provides a new parapgraph 1200ms after the first polling? Did someone make a Firefox version yet? But Deku gives them the advantage of not being bound to possibly devastating patent licenses. No. The best reason is: Not bound to Facebook License and Patents. I was wondering why it showed as monospace for me, and then I noticed I had menlo installed on my system xD I sent you a pull request improving your code – only making the change apply to the current tab, and changing the Icon Name ;) Unless you create file paths that are so long that they break the default tools of the OS. That’s the point where you went too far. Loops in general are a problem. Tail-Recursive functions would be a far better solution. And almost every loop can be replaced with a simple map, fold, or filter. And, it doesn’t even help much, as the actual image is still accessible to the browser, unless executed on the server. Still, the image would somehow have to be loaded in the browsers, at which point it’s easy to circumvent. There is one, with HTML5 DRM, but again, this is only code running in userspace on your computer, so any CompSci student can just disassemble it and get the image again. Exactly. Ruby’s solution will run even on FAT12 (which has only single-level directories), while npm isn’t really compatible. In general, node does this quite often – their memory model also assumes they have infinite memory. This is completely inacceptable. Preaching water and drinking wine, eh? If they’d really want some kind of tracking, they could have used a locally installed system like piwik, as the largest issue with tracking comes when the data from many sites is combined. There are traffic lights – on the opposite side of the Intersection. (which is also common in some european countries, as it’s easier to see). Tbh, this looks mostly – except for maybe some missing logos at stores – just like my city, which is in Germany. (Although Pyongyang looks, based on scale, a LOT larger) As a developer for one open source project: In my case, I am doing it because the users are happy about it. The users satisfaction with how the product works is my pay for spending all my weekends coding – and it’s definitely worth it. In New York, for example, the property taxes for super rich are at less than 10% of the property taxes a middle-class person would pay for their house. This is where the money comes from. It’s not just New York, but everywhere. And not just property taxes. I’m surprised anyone even takes Google seriously with the rules they try to enforce – for example the "specific uninstall instructions", even if it follows the OS standard procedure. (Tbh, I’d have just put a link to the Microsoft Knowledge Base and the Apple Support site there). Or the fact that you have to show the EULA before the download – which is also not really helpful in any way. These rules don’t really help either side (as people producing malicious ads can still do so, but people doing honest ads have to comply with rules that don’t help at all), but add more stress for both sides. Because then everyone would be using Chrome – Chrome already has a far too large market share right now. If we want to have a free market of browsers, we also need multiple vendors that compete, otherwise the market will stall (see IE6) Okay, iframes then ;P In the place where I am, about 44% of the income is taken in form of taxes (Northern Germany, assuming an income of 50k€ a year, assuming non-married, assuming no children) And most people are actually happy, because they still get free college, free child daycare, etc. But this isn’t just the case in silicon valley – there are many places with a healthy startup culture where rents are lower and pay is equally good. That is right – using WhatsAPI might be illegal. But developing the tool isn’t illegal in any way. There was recently an article from a person working at Microsoft who implemented AIM support in MSN Messenger back in the day who had similar experiences. Or one could use the lisp-way – and just call the functions - . This avoids those problems. You do realize that any client-side code – especially with the universal right to decompile and adapt code in the EU – is essentially open source anyway? The day when even the Spiegel titles "DER VERRAT – BND und Bundesregierung gegen deutsche Interessen" (in english: "THE TREASON – BND and federal government vs. German interests") you really can’t say the country cares about freedom :/ Yes, but reverse engineered code is NOT subject to copyright of the original author by law (there is an EuGH decision about this). IANAL. Therefore it is, essentially, open source. Remember, the author of the article is the owner of the company that owns AdBlockPlus, and has personally been in contact/worked for/with United Internet, which also owns BinLayer. In Germany, men can take equal paternity leave as women. And it is used sometimes, actually. And these quotas just say that "30% of each gender should be in corporate boards" or that "negotiating a custom pay should be illegal" – the negotiation part also discriminates against people who aren’t good at negotiations, therefore provides a different pay for people based on a totally unimportant metric. Direct links: https://vimeo.com/14912890 https://vimeo.com/19447662 https://vimeo.com/25380454 https://vimeo.com/36881035 Additional videos: Embrace the Remix https://vimeo.com/47322970 Case Study: the iPhone https://vimeo.com/81745843 Rise of the Patent Troll https://vimeo.com/91363809 The Google one is based on an older, public one: http://www.freebase.com/ My phone – which combines GPS with GLONASS – usually gets about 40m accuracy with just GPS, but with combined GPS and GLONASS I have about 24 satellites in view, even in buildings, getting better than 1m precision. And there are more interesting articles related to it, like https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zone_rouge_%28s%C3%A9quelles_d... (Try using Google Translate if you don’t understand french – the english article just is far too short) All sides in the war took pictures while dropping bombs. So, each country that got hit during WWII is evaluating those pictures nowadays to find non-detonated bombs – leading to lots of maps of where bombs fell. Not necessarily. In some places you can host Olympic games without throwing money away, even getting a profit. Take for example the proposed Olympic Games 2024 Hamburg and Kiel: Kiel hosts the largests sailing event worldwide every year, and hosted the Handball world cup before – and, due to having the best european team in Handball, we also have often large matches. Hamburg has also lots of other sports which are done on worldcup level. Combined, we have the infrastructure done to host more than half of the Olympics RIGHT NOW. You could host more than half of the Olympics right tomorrow, without any additional constructions. And Kiel has also been co-host of the Olympics two previous times, each of them producing a net-profit and developing a complete new district out of the investments – the facilities built for Olympia 1972 are still in use today. What are we going to build for Olympia 2024? Nothing new – we’ll update existing infrastructure and stadiums, improve public transport (which would have been done anyway, and is already being built today), and add some new living quarters for the contestants – which could be used as cheap student housing afterwards, as both Hamburg and Kiel are facing a crisis where not enough affordable apartments for students exist. Reusability quota: 100%. We’d have no losses, only profits, and it’d be cheap, too. This is exactly what I’m talking about – Vancouver 2010, or Kiel+Munich 1972 are perfect examples for reusing existing infrastructure and upgrading it. Even London 2012 was a great example – reusing infrastructure, upgrading it, etc is a good way to do it. Another good idea: One of the recent UEFA cups was hosted by two countries together (actually, several of them were). Which is another good idea, several less developed countries working together to still get the profit off of the games, but sharing the costs. So, you mean, like Verizon did with Netflix? It makes sense, north of 50°N GPS accuracy goes quickly down, as most of its satellites’ orbits are optimized for coverage over the equator. If they are in the EU – great, the right to learn covers the right to take apart, understand, reassemble, and remix any technology that you have a license to use and where, during the process, the original owner has no material losses. So, if he’s in the EU, he can do it. (IANAL, but this was the conclusio of an EUGH decision). Otherwise it gets harder. There is a decision from the european court of justice on this matter, it is also the only info existing on the topic. (I can’t find the ruling right now either) Two companies were involved, company A and company B. Company A developed an office suite containing a macro language, company B developed their own office suite and wanted to have compatibility to the macro language of company A’s suite. So company B decompiled company A’s suite, copied the decompiled code of their APIs and built their own interpreter. The court ruled that while source code itself is a copyrightable creative work, compiling and decompiling it produces code that is not directly related anymore, and, while it is based on the original code, the only similarities between both types of code are that they describe the same algorithms. But, per european law, algorithms are not copyrightable, only patentable, so the result of a decompilation step is not directly copyrighted work. Additionally they argued that in other industries, like automobiles, it is common to take apart the products of your competitors, analyze them, and use the knowledge gained for your own products (unless you infringe patents, of course). And this basic right to own stuff also gives you the right to take apart stuff you have a license to use under the condition that it does not provide a direct loss for the person selling you the license, for example you can not take apart a rented car, but you can take apart a car you bought. Additionally the court argued that this right can not be signed away, not even in private contracts or through ToS or EULAs, as it would severely restrict the right to "own" stuff. IANAL, this is not legal advice, consult a lawyer (or rather several, this topic is complex) if you intend to use this as defense in court. It’s especially interesting when one considers that during the NoCaptcha® relaunch several months ago they said that their algorithms could, by now, read text and detect animals and people better than humans could. As someone developing another Android app, a FOSS app for an IRC bouncer: About 25% of our users are below ICS even. Yes, one quarter of our users are on Gingerbread. And then the rest is shared equally between JB, KK and L. But – as shocking as this might be for some people here – a buyout might be not what people strive for. Some people just want to have their own small company, thinking more long term. Others want to actually improve the world. But then those people wouldn’t get the normal upstream releases anymore, and we’d have to setup a branch for backports – not really great. My tone is aggressive because someone was working on a project, a larger company picks up the same idea, and the first suggestion is to give up completely, and accept to be bought out. Instead of considering any of the other options, or that the small company could actually compete with the larger company (hint: Google doesn’t operate most of their services outside of the US at all), the only real suggestion is "you’re in for a buy-out". Remember that Digital Oceans’ ToS allow them to access "all and any information" in case they "consider it necessary". And it’s still illegal in many countries to upload and process private data without explicit permission. And, as previous cases showed, permissions granted through default-checked boxes, or permissions granted through fine print hidden in the ToS are legally not binding, meaning the uploading is considered a computer crime. Thilo Weichert, data protection officer of the state of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, did several law cases based on this against Facebook, and almost all of them. And it’s still illegal in many countries to upload and process private data without explicit permission. And, as previous cases showed, permissions granted through default-checked boxes, or permissions granted through fine print hidden in the ToS are legally not binding, meaning the uploading is considered a computer crime. Thilo Weichert, data protection officer of the state of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, did several law cases based on this against Facebook, and almost all of them. We are talking only about people who installed the latest version of the app – so they had to be online, and had updates activated, within of the past few weeks. Default checked is still illegal. Even if it gives you a full screen of info. As someone who doesn’t read it and just clicks through the options should never lose any private data. Everything that touches your private data has to be opt-in. Or it does not count as "explicit permission", meaning the upload, processing, etc is illegal. Don’t worry, Weichert is suing the government, too ;) And the parliament of SH relies on the fact that mass surveillance will have to be cancelled, too, as it violates several data protection laws. The constitutional court struck down the mass surveillance laws already two times, they’ll do it again. And yes, I was one of the people protesting on the street against the new laws regarding Melderegisterzugriff By the way, a comparison between Google Maps in satellite view and in map view: http://imgur.com/a/GXczm (satellite view uses a projection on a sphere, and then renders the sphere from the users current viewpoint) And all it takes is one college kid a weekend to break your system. And you’ll lose more than half of your revenue stream. The issue is more that as soon as that one percent decrypts it, the source will be on piratebay within of just a few hours. That actually depends – many of the larger groups in piracy do not want to harm their reputation, and actually provide email support for their cracks, with guarantuee to be malware free. Sadly, especially in gaming, their support tends to work better than the official support, with some groups even providing fixes and patches for bugs existing in the official game. I own all the games that I play, but often, years after the activation servers have been shut down, the only solution is to use pirated versions. Especially as those are also more fat-resistant. And read better in sunlight. I’ve seen schools use pirated Zarb, etc. East Germany was also not a great place – the largest domestic intelligence agency ever, everyone spying on each other, a totalitarian regime, a wall so that no one could flee, food was there, but you had no bananas, no chocolate, or any other expensive food. All in all, if one sees it objectively, east germany wasn’t /that/ different from North Korea. If you are in the US. In other countries, these parts of the EULA might not have a legal meaning at all. Only 5 of them work in Firefox. Look at the list: "Support: Chrome, Safari". I’ve tested the app on dial-up internet, and it answers almost immediately. So the question where the speech recognition happens isn’t easily answered. But that doesn’t happen – if a repo violates US law, they remove it completely, even if it would have been completely fine under German law, for example. Geocities is like the 70s architecture, or the neoclassicistic architecture. Totally ugly by today’s standards, but loved back in the day. Germany was it – until 2011 the only way to file taxes digitally was through a Java Applet called ELSTER. Now there is a beta version of a JS based solution. Which is the case for all vector × vector, vector × matrix and matrix × vector multiplications, for example. (Taking math at university right now as part of studying compsci, non-commutative rings are annoying) About the first thing: he means that Google stores them in a way so that they can access the data – instead of doing end to end crypto with a password derived key. Which one could combine with blurring. Progressive JPEG with a blur filter depending on how much has loaded yet? That would be the best solution, probably. The issue with this is how it calculates deaths per terrawatt. Nuclear has the whole waste storage (and, in some places, drinking water contamination) issue, while coal has the whole climate change issue. Both are bad, but just saying that one of them has less short-term, but more long-term deaths isn’t a good argument. Yes and no. The original plan intended that Philae would have power due to being in the sun, but the lander bounced off of the comet and landed in a different place then expected, in the shadow of rough terrain. Due to this the original set of experiments had to be completely run on battery, although the battery capacity was not intended for this. So ESA had to hibernate it early, hoping one day it would get enough sunlight to be able to operate again, and allowing them to do more experiments – which happened now. Technically, due to having a Google Account, there would be a way for that. And if you set a master password for Chrome mobile, you can still access everything without this password on desktop chrome, and in reverse. As you are logged into your Google account anyway, though, they should just use your account identifier as seed for the key if no other option is available. Northern German here: The reason is simple, the only people who wear helmets are the ones who know they are at risk anyway. Correlation != Causation. EDIT: Yup, article confirms it. In my city, the amount of trips taken by bike is over 26%, with another 12% public transport, and most younger people use bikes several times a day – but most don’t wear helmets, and most never had an issue with it, yet. But satellite TV is used in tons of places, with most systems of the past decade also being able to transmit. People having a satellite dish pointed at a satellite there would be in the range of hundreds of millions alone in europe. So, if I don’t update the firmware of my 840 EVO, I can continue using it with discard? I currently can not notice any performance degradation, and I bought the drive in may 2014, with no further updates. (Unless Arch Linux automatically applies firmware updates, but I doubt that) The dish actually supports transmitting, in case we’d want to use it for satellite internet, but we haven’t used it for that, yet. Eh, the web has fallen apart. Dozens of ajax only sites that rely on search engines having a full javascript stack to even display any content. I’d argue we already lost. The Google Bot. Again, this makes it harder for competitors to ever enter the market. Yup, the dot com bubble is back, and worse than ever. In firefox, luckily, you can still have a menubar ;) Even in the latest nightly – press [Alt], click "View", "Toolbar" and check "Menu Bar". And then you throw JSNice at it, give it to a college student, wait a weekend, and have a nicely readable source version. Source: Am college student, for fun I disassemble websites, including the funny VM Google built for ReCaptcha. Additionally, I wonder what the EU thinks about this, as anyone who has the ability to use a software has the right to take it apart, inspect it, and learn from it. This right can not be signed away with contracts (making the "Do not decompile" clause invalid) and is violated by all these closed source web projects. Tbh, I should probably just decompile, deobfuscate and refactor the Google Inbox client source, and publish it on GitHub over summer break, just to show Google how useless and annoying their obfuscation is. Actually, U-Block is the fork, U-Block origin is the branch of the project maintained by the original dev. Yes, but if you write a few thousand of those arrow functions, you will hate the useless function (a) { return b; } stuff, too. Sadly, with the rise of VP8/VP9/webm, this got lost. h264 exists in hardware everywhere now. VP8/VP9, not really. And VP8/VP9 has again the same patent issues as h264. No. Multi-touch is in the system libraries, shadows and faux-3d layering and animations, too, the alarm system and every timezone imaginable is in the system, automatic home time is in the system. The app uses 33MB of storage on disk. Only the app, none of the above mentioned libs. The Facebook app is nowadays 159MB. That’s 120 floppies. For a single app. You even see this with Google. A typical Google search from 2009: "Meaning of Life: Approximately 72,000,000 Results (0,00000042 Seconds)" A typical Google search today: "Meaning of Life: Approximately 364,000,000 Results (0,62 Seconds)" No. It’s been solved in court in the past (and some horrible misdecisions were made, like saying that if no one links to something, it isn’t public), but in general: if you make something available for me, I can ALWAYS for private-only use remix it as much as I want. I can copy my CD collection a thousand times, I can burn a hundred clones of a videogame – for private use. Which is the case here. The publisher has no right to expect that users actually see ads. Even with TV, all recording devices since the time of VCR skip recording ads completely. And with live TV, people switch the channel. In my city, we have a cinema that has a 18m by 8m screen and uses 4K projectors with reald 3D. It’s still an amazing quality, and faaar cheaper than IMAX. (About 3 times cheaper). And they clean the room after every showing, so the floor, although carpet, is always clean, you get reserved seats, and the popcorn is fresh. IMAX, especially as current IMAX Digital theaters have similar screen sizes and also only 2.8K (two 2K projectors on the same screen), just isn’t really worth it anymore. If the site is having a monopoly due to driving competitors illegally out of business (compare internet.org, 0.facebook.com), then the site is automatically treated like a governmental monopoly, meaning it can be legally forced to secure people’s rights similar to a governmental institution. Same reason why the EU can have such strict laws about Google. The author should just go to the EU, here the author would have a better chance at succeeding. Hmm, the US situation actually seems interesting. Anyway, under German law, you can always make a copy or compilation of any product you can use or have a license to use for personal use. As an adblocker is only personal remixing, it is totally legal - just like ripping a CD, or mixing two songs I downloaded from iTunes. Additionally, there are personal rights which can not be signed away by a ToS or even a contract, including the right of remixing. I am working on an open source project, we have a simple IRC client for android (it uses a server for the translation between IRC and our protocol, the server also allows the app to show messages from times when the device was off). This app already has over 8MB storage space and 34MB RAM. And the app has only 5 images overall in it, uses no Google services, and has only about 25k LOC. Wrong. Using VP8/VP9 means you have to accept the Google license, which says it is void as soon as you claim software patents are invalid or sue in court against any of Google’s claims. It should use markdown, though. The trash sorting is helpful anyway: For example, you’ll have to take out the biological waste at least daily, packaging waste can stay around for a day or two without issues, and, well, your paper bin can stay around for a week without smelling bad. Same in Germany. And: It works. But if the people in the US can’t even handle a separation between one recycling bin and a waste bin, I don’t think that more separation would be doable there. We had a similar situation here in Germany, first they wanted to make an internet filter against child pornography, then they decided to add some filters for piracy... And then the politicians got voted out. Eh, the regulation of airwaves is necessary, though. Only one person can send at one time on one frequency, and often you also have interference on the frequencies around it. And that’s when you rent the 4$/year VPS from 1und1.de and use it as SOCKS proxy Still worse than Öffi https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.schildbach.... in terms of coverage – 3 cities in Germany? Really Citymapper? Nothing would happen? Currently that amount of solar energy is converted into heat by reflection. With solar, it would be converted into electricity, and later back into heat when used in a computer or for cooking. Even on fields its not an issue (especially if you replace fields where sheep graze), as the sun still wanders around, and the animals can stand below the panels comfortably. The debate the politicians in my state (Schleswig-Holstein, a state in Germany) had about this was really interesting, sadly it’s in German. Essentially, it boils down to two issues: Morally, we all are descendants of immigrants, or at least most. Economically, most immigrants are willing to work hard. Combined with the fact that our society has a birth rate below replacement rate (1.3 vs. 2.1) we need immigrants just to keep our standard of living. And if we can give them a better life at the same time, it’s definitely great. And that’s what makes the huge difference between Schengen and free trade agreements like TTIP. (If one ignores the protection part of TTIP) You know that 1und1.de is a huge hosting provider in mainland europe? And that the SOCKS proxy I suggested would run through SSH? It’s literally the same suggestion as using EC2, just with a cheaper example As always, with the EU, it’s complicated, but often the "free to work, live and retire everywhere in the EU" is considered part of Schengen. As I said, with the EU everything has special cases and exceptions. If you don’t interface with external systems, and your computer has no IO ports open to its users, well, then it doesn't matter. You could run DOS 6.2 and it would work just as well, security is not an issue there. > But maybe these guys don't care about that because all their stuff is offline with epoxied IO ports, yes? /s Well, most of the systems on ships are like that. Integrated into the ship and hardware, with no open IO ports. Or do you expect being able to put a thumbdrive into the radar control system? Which still doesn’t solve the actual issue: affordable public transport. Especially in cities taxis are just inefficient. They use over 10 times as much space as a similar amount of busses, and produce a lot more emissions per passenger, too. Self driving car fleets for rent or taxis are good for rarely used routes, or for city - region transport, but inside a city taxis should be mostly replaced with proper subway and bus systems. The actual independent taxi drivers, for example? Unless they start some union of taxi drivers, they have no voice. And that’s exactly why the politicians in my state were the first in europe to allow all refugees and asylum seekers to live and work like any citizen. Because that productivity increase also boosts the local economy. Same in Germany. And the reason why so many smaller German companies existed in pretty much the same way for the past millenium. Same in Germany: A lot of official things can only be done through fax or paper mail even today. And you know what? I’m totally fine with that. The new Europe series of the EURO uses plastic banknotes No, they are not: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9777948 Why do roads exist from door to door? Especially in european cities with a historic core, this is just not the case - even in my city, it's common knowledge to NEVER take a car into the city, as the roads are just always fully congested. Public Transport is the only long term solution. Especially when one takes the cost for building roads into account. And if one considers that with public transport 100% of the fare goes back into the infrastructure, while with self-driving cars operated by for-profit businesses most of your fare ends up in the pockets of a rich investor overseas. Which is just not desireable. Actually, the insurance problem is more complex: Normal drivers insurance does not pay if you were transporting a stranger for-profit. That’s why you need a special insurance for that, which most uber X drivers do not have So that’s why Google’s cars get rear-ended so often You can also use a symbol in modified form against the group using it. For example by crossing it out, for example, or by using it in a caricature where one compares it with trash. This symbol https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c2/Anti-Naz... obviously contains a swastika, but is obviously legal even under current German law, as it does not encourage Nazism Ah, so you’re German, too? xD Most WWII games still use the real symbols in other places, and, while under German law Art is exempt from the Swastika ban (you have to endorse the swastika and glorify it to be illegal), no publisher actually tried to get their game classified as art yet, so they just remove it, as it's easier and less risky. The case you linked has been reversed by a higher court, though. And a German federal politician who was involved in that suggested a change in the law, but the government was against it. I wonder if the levels of elements in tap water around the world would explain some cultural differences. It’s just hard to find causation here, while correlation is simple to prove Behavioral differences manifest themselves in the culture over long term. That’s why it is so interesting. The largest size purchasable in Germany at McDonalds is 400ml, less than one pint. But the largest drink size here is 40cl, which is less than a pint. The issue is: All the cutbacks aim at the government, while all the EFSF money goes towards the banks – the greece government isn’t bailed out, it’s again banks that cash out big. Well, where I live, if the domain ever runs out, or you want to transfer it, they’ll send a letter to the name and address you gave with a code. This is to prevent shady registrars from taking your domain away from you, but it also means the registry knows your address. Luckily, the organization that administrates .de domains has 4 types of contact data: zone-C, the person managing the whole DNS zone, Tech-C, the person managing the servers of the specific domain, Admin-C, the person practically owning the domain, and OWNER, the person who gets the letters. Only Tech-C and Zone-C are available through WHOIS. Your statement makes it seem as if "Super Sizes" would be common here, too. Well, they are sometimes, but not always. It’s a weird limbo state, where you can buy 4 McNuggets, or 20, but the largest drink is 40cl, while in the US the largest McNuggets serving is 20, but the largest drink 118cl Even worse, on Mac OSX some people use case-sensitive file systems. So you’d have to support it anyway. well, normally people use ml for everything, but cups and bottles from US companies are sold in cl sizes. Coke glass: 50cl. IKEA glass: 200ml. McDonalds cup: 40cl. Glass in a local restaurant (if not coke glass): 200ml. Well, GIMPs UI at least is totally unusable. I ended up using Krita instead, which actually has a UI that makes sense. Additionally, even Krita supports a lot more stuff than GIMP – from proper animations, keyframes to all kinds of color spaces. (Yes, 32-bit floats for CMYK color spaces are possible in Krita) Yes. But that’s exactly the thing – Krita, while focusing on being a drawing application, has exactly those features that GIMP, a general purpose image editing tool, is missing. Like colorspaces, effect masks, etc. I found Krita to be a far better photoshop replacement than GIMP, actually. (With two differences: moving selections is a bit more complicated, the option for that is hidden by default, and it does not have a simple contrast-brightness slider filter) Well, Linux is used every day as operating system by millions of end users – on mobile devices. And Linux and the BSDs are getting a lot more love on consoles, too – look at the SteamBox. With 16% of all current generation games being able to run on linux, often (like in the case of the new Batman game) even running better than on Windows (or expected to do so), it is getting more and more towards equality. Well, Linux is used every day as operating system by millions of end users – on mobile devices. And Linux and the BSDs are getting a lot more love on consoles, too – look at the SteamBox. With 16% of all current generation games being able to run on linux, often (like in the case of the new Batman game) even better than on Windows, it is getting more and more towards equality. And the studio porting it has NEVER made a single game that was bad – while the windows port, made by a different studio... well, you’ve seen it. And about the 16%: Look at the Steam games catalogue. Also remember that Google paid 30 million € to get some of their ads whitelisted — obviously not a fair selection of "kosher" ads. Funnily, the guy who owns AdBlock Plus also worked in the department of United Internet which invented Binlayer back in the day. The issue I see mostly is that they actually sell access to the "acceptable ads" list. If it was just actually acceptable ads, it would have been okay, but mafia-like methods? that’s just morally inacceptable. That’s wrong! The new law would add those restrictions for ALL the countries. That’s why everyone is in such an uproar. The changed proposal would make it illegal for a nation to allow the freedom of panorama. Read the blog of the MEP who wrote the original proposal (which had a clause saying that the Freedom of panorama should apply everywhere): https://juliareda.eu/2015/06/fop-under-threat/ Read the blogpost I linked? It’s from the MEP who wrote the original proposal, and explains why it would add those restrictions for all the countries in the first few paragraphs already. Still, chrome forces us devs to do a lot of stuff that we don’t want to — I personally found about a dozen layout bugs in Chrome that don’t exist in either IE11, Firefox, Opera 12 or Konqueror (which uses KHTML, the predecessor of WebKit). Chrome just disables a bunch of JavaScript APIs on mobile, unless your site is .google.com or .youtube.com, etc. If you develop only in chrome, you never notice, but if you develop in Firefox first, and your whole site doesn’t work in Chrome... well, shit. And, on the other hand, we now have a bunch of sites with "works best in Google® Chrome™". Welcome to the 90s, Chrome is the IE6 of today. Well, we in Germany got the same result (UberPOP getting banned) by using, well, calmer methods. We fixed it by telling them if they want to provide personal transport services, they have to adhere to the laws about that – insurance, a special drivers license, etc. Well, due to them repeatedly ignoring the law and just paying the fine, the courts in Germany increased the fines: 230k EUR per trip taken. That’s one of the best ways to keep the market fair. But it only costs 250€ to become a "chaffeur for hire", where people can call you and you drive them to whereever you want. Which is legally what uber is. Uber just didn’t want to pay insurance fees. Well, because most of europe doesn’t have a buzzword fueled start-up bubble like the US has. Without a real, profitable business model, you won’t even get a loan from a bank here, not to talk about other investors. You’ll need to have a font installed that supports them, Firefox does not bundle fonts for emoji ;) that’s different – that’s the taxi license. Uber does not operate as taxi, but, as they can be not directly hailed from the street, they act as chauffeur for hire. Well, Apple made them mostly white. White people holding hands, white people praying, a white family. Google and Microsoft’s neutral yellow was a lot more neutral there, yes. Well, the market allows competition. If it plays by the existing rules. Anyone can provide a chauffeur for hire service, even without a taxi license – you just need a special insurance and a special drivers license that permits you to transport people. Many competitors of uber did the same. uber was the only one who tried to operate without insurance, without the drivers license for chauffeurs, taxi and bus drivers. > Using that market share to break web standards and implement proprietary IE only features that broke html for everyone else and made it impossible to compete, because if you made a standards compliant web browser in 2002 it would not render pages properly that were designed for IE. Well, Chrome is doing exactly that today. Extending HTML with proprietary features, leading to situatons where websites work "best in Chrome", even today. Which is exactly what grandparent said: > All of those "proof of work" type schemes eventually will dwindle down to the same centralized network they are aiming to replace. Most interestingly, the widgets from Windows Vista and 7 are just normal webpages, very similar to chrome extensions, actually. > people who voluntarily give information to third parties have "no reasonable expectation of privacy" Well, under the law in many countries, that is not the case. For example, Facebook may not give any of your data to advertisers if you live in the EU. Similar situations exist in New Zealandish law. Yes. While they have been possible in Firefox since forever, they should now be possible in Chrome, too. Another idea is vertical tabs. But you can’t upload those images to facebook, for example. That’s the issue. Neither twitter, Flickr, etc. Facebook Terms of use: You give us an unlimited license to use it commercially. How am I supposed to do that if I don’t even have the ability to give out such licenses? Wikipedia, too – I can only upload if I have the license for commercial reuse. But with the limited FoP, I don’t. If you want to get a lot of power, especially for gaming, you can forget DO. Let’s take your average (okay, this is really beefy, but I couldn't find something lower at most dedicated hosters) gaming system: 8 Cores (16 Threads), 32GB RAM, 2TB HDD. At Digital Ocean, you pay approx. 320$/month for 12 Cores, 32GB RAM, and 320GB SSD Let’s take your average small hoster, in this case Hetzner, as comparison: You pay 55$/month (plus 55$ setup) for 8 cores (16 Threads), 32GB RAM and 2TB HDD. I’m just showing this as example: Using Cloud hosters for stuff that is running 24/7 is not cost effective, especially if you always need the same performance – use a dedicated server instead, hosters that specialize on that can provide far better offers. Yeah, I got quite annoyed when trying to run a gaming server on DO, even their 160$/month tier is worse for that than a dedicated server for 20$ a month from a competitor. Well, it’s the cheapest dedicated server that Hetzner and OVH provide, so I used it for comparison, and a lot of people have similar specs nowadays. Well, in this case it might be. In a society where no one owns guns, the chance that some intruder has a gun is near to null, so you don’t need a gun either. I am a 5'10", 120lbs woman, and I feel more safe knowing that no one has a gun. And the EU side decided that all ISDS trials have to be done at a court that is staffed with judges from both contract partners and rules in public. I study in a tiny (280k) people city in northern Germany. and rent for a tiny one-room apartment without window is — if you want to get an apartment without waiting for years – also around 350€. Not cheap. Well, one could argue that it was just a bubble that burst – but that would be ignoring a lot of the situation. Some of the issues are that the IMF wants Greece to implement the austerity stuff on a different time scale than SYRIZA plans to, and that the population is very much against those systems (which I can understand). If the greek government would improve their tax agency so they’d have 0 tax evasion (let’s just assume that), then with the next election, a party would get elected that changes that. The reason: Currently, greece has to pay back debts, but that means people have to pay a lot more taxes, and only see the infrastructure to become worse – leading to uproar. Greece can’t just stop spending completely, they have to improve the situation in many places, while simultaneously improving tax collection slowly. Most malloc implementations use a set of segregated explicit linked lists, which can be implemented with as low as 2 bit overhead, although, due to aligning, this ends up being 2 times the wordsize: in the end of the chunk you have a bit that tells if it’s free, and in the beginning of the chunk. If the bit is set to "free", then you use the free space inside the chunk for an offset pointer to the next and the last free element of the same size. Yes, but what I’m saying is: If you only increase taxes and shut down spending to a minimum, you’ll either get a revolution, or the next election will lead to a government that just stops the Austerity. You have to show the people at the same time that they gain something, too – for example, while you reduce corruption in tax spending, one of the first priorities should be improving performance of Police and similar public services. You can save a lot of money there while at the same time providing a better service . That leads to better public acceptance. Well, especially in border regions such stuff is popular – the people living at the border between Denmark and Sweden, or the Netherlands and Belgium would prefer more unification, as for them every bit of independence of these countries means a less convenient life. well, sometimes you can actually put those bits into the padding, but often you can not. This is how many of the simpler malloc implementations, which do not directly mmap, work. So, remember, if you want to malloc 20 ints, don’t do 20 times malloc(sizeof(int)), do malloc(20*sizeof(int)) and treat them as int[]. Well, it’s not just that: For the people in border regions – which, if you take Denmark (50% of the population), the Netherlands (100%), Belgium (100%) are especially in small countries a high percentage – it’s important to be able to live in the other country as if it were your own. Free ability to live, work, retire, buy stuff, sell stuff, etc is extremely important. For this to work, though, you need a common currency (imagine you work in Germany and live in Denmark, now the exchange rate changes, and your money is only worth half of the original value, and you suddenly can’t pay your rent anymore), you need simplified tax systems (imagine the mess of working in Germany, living in the netherlands, having your funds in Luxembourg, and owning a second house in Belgium). The EU guarantuees all this. It also helps with unified travel, with unified conservation of natural resources – take the UNESCO World Natural Heritage Site of the wadden sea – it reaches into 3 countries and the EU had a great deal in making it happen. For someone living in a border region, the EU is necessary for survival. No, the EU can not be undone, we need to get even closer. In my state, policemen of Denmark and Germany are on patrol together to make cross-border crimes easier to process – because it means you always have one with authority, even if you end up arresting them in the other country. We recently made Danish an official language in my state even. A family member of mine works as a public facing official in a governmental institution here and has to deal with people filing forms in German, Dutch, English and Danish every day. In some cities in the border regions, up to half of the population works on the other side of the border! No, the EU can not be undone. Well, they kinda got money, in a different way: Before, mozilla was implementing their own pocket competitor. Switching to pocket, and existing solution, allowed them to save money. Well, they actually do that – you could just pay per wire transfer (Überweisung) if you live in the SEPA, especially in DACH it’s more common. Bank-Authenticated direct-debit (like giropay.de) is also useful for this. That’s exactly what GiroPay is. The merchant can use it as simple as they can use PayPal, but GiroPay then redirects you to the online banking backend of your bank. Depending on bank, this can use 2-Factor authentication, SmartCards, etc. Most banks use Smart Cards and 2-Factor authentication. Well, D, A and CH are the international symbols for these countries, so the abbreviation makes sense. Well, in Germany, for example, no one pays for Pay-TV – Sky has less than a few thousand users. But what people are willing to pay for is additional value for programs they already know – 60€ a year to get HD instead of SD quality is worth it for many. (Also, we have the largest tax-financed TV industry worldwide, even larger than the BBC with over 120 channels, but it’s worth it) It’s a communist nation, the US just declared all soviet nations to be a threat during the cold war. Well, wireshark + decompilation of existing software. What I imagine, though, is a system similar to GCM, which would be not very helpful. In Germany, we just pay a fee on new media (SSDs, thumbdrives, phones, HDDs, blank CDs and DVDs, etc) which is given to the record companies and shared between the content creators. yeah, as I speculated, similar to GCM. Sadly, there isn’t an open standard for this. And still, a lot of exceptional people are working at these universities. If you, as professor, for example, start a research project that is interesting, you also often get funding from the industry – part of which goes directly to your salary, too. So, exceptional people still have chances to get exceptional pay, but only if scientific organizations like the Fraunhofer Institute or industry corporations are interested in it. Well, that doesn’t happen, though, especially in hardware – the US excels in software development, but especially in classical engineering and more hardware-focused engineering, it’s a lot behind. One of the professors at my university, after he worked as one of the leading ALU designers at intel for some years, founded a company focused on general purpose computing extension cards for PCs, which he later sold, and made a fortune with – all of that outside of Germany. He only came back when he lost his money (which he invested) during the dotCom crash. Now he’s teaching here, and one of our best professors in chip design and digital engineering. As you said, a lot of the stuff happens outside of europe currently, but that’s also due to extreme electricity prices. Why is "brand equity" a thing? It shouldn’t be. "brand equity" is the issue that’s wrong with today’s market. Often I can get the exact same product to a far cheaper price if I’m just willing to accept a cheaper-looking label. And, while that’s very popular in Germany, and led to the rise of Aldi, Lidl, etc, it’s not enough. Brand equity, as you call it, is the effect that we trust companies based on irrational ideas. That’s actually bordering on violating the EU advertising laws (you can only advertise stuff that is directly related to the product, you can only say stuff that is true, etc). The standard TV consumer magazines show that every week. "We’ll test 3 products in a blind A/B test against each other. We test a 10$ Aldi no-name product, a 20$ product from another discounter, a 80$ brand product, and a 180$ product from a brand associatiated with quality" And then, after the practical and scientific testing: "We were surprised, the discounter product ended doing better than the brand product. Let’s see what our testers say: 'I’ll never buy a product from that brand again, I thought I’d get my money back in worth, but this? I can just as well buy from Aldi then'" Well, those companies whose business model isn’t "let’s throw as much ads at children as possible so they annoy their parents and those then buy all our products" In my city, all billboards or outside ads over 25m² in size are banned. Bright lit billboards or animated billboards over 1m² are banned, too. (The area of the smallest enclosing rectangle counts). Also, we have regulations on how much children TV shows and shows during the day may contain in advertising in my country, very helpful. Watch european publicly financed TV. Take the BBC, or the German networks (which are the largest publicly financed TV networks worldwide, btw). No ads (or at maximum 3 per day), consistently at least the same quality as private TV or higher, and just a lot more interesting content. Take arte, for example. Or ZDF Neo. Sooo many interesting documentaries that are actually science and not just http://i.imgur.com/FcS4JJ2.jpg The most unrealistic part is > Youtube fails to load with a secure connection error. YouTube still refuses to use anything more recent than RC4 encryption, so, if Cameron would ban all secure encryption, YouTube would probably still work. Yes, I know it is a thing – but it shouldn’t be. That’s the issue. Brand equity is abusing emotions to make people buy worse products for a higher price. Check the actual connection for the video server, until a few months ago, that was still RC4. They only changed to 128-bit AES-GCM with ECDSA after Firefox started blocking RC4 encryption. There is no way to pay for each show. Even they pay-to-watch channels are full of ads, actually, the paid channels have more ads than all other channels. Which is why I stopped watching TV completely, I watch news and documentaries from public channels online, but that’s it. well, depends. 2 months ago, the pages wouldn’t have loaded, the videos (if you download them through a third-party tool) would have. Now, the videos wouldn’t load either. Well, the only content I can buy on Amazon, iTunes or the Play Store is dubbed and in 720p quality. That’s shit. If I want to get 1080p quality, undubbed, I have to either pirate, or order a DVD from Amazon.co.uk, which leads to obscene delivery costs. (Amazon.com doesn’t even deliver overseas). Yeah, they are shitty companies trying to drive prices down. But if you consider how many better known brands do the same, and are still more expensive, it does seem still unfair. The things most bitcoin proponents dream about are... crazy. * No, you’re still going to pay taxes on your bitcoins. * No, if you fraud someone, you’ll still have to give them their money back. * No, bitcoin is totally meaningless if you can’t pay for food in it. Yes, but it’s not widely accepted. And it probably never will be – transactions speeds are horrible (even international wire transfers through SEPA are faster than Bitcoin transactions) and the energy usage of the mining systems is growing exponentially. A lot of the Bitcoin proponents are anarcho-capitalist – "I don’t want to have governments building streets from my tax money, I’d rather have every road be a toll road". Check #bitcoin-assets on freenode, I hung out there for a few weeks, and it’s... crazy. "How will the government force me to pay taxes? I don’t own bitcoins, I merely happen to have the piece of knowledge that is required to spend them" Now someone just has to make this into an extension – firefox extensions are just as easy to make as chrome extensions, so it shouldn’t be an issue. No, because it is horribly broken in many situations: On linux, context menus often end up on a different monitor than the window, on windows, Aura can’t render text readable at all, etc. Well, there is a qt port. It’s really nice, but it isn’t really activate anymore. Currently I use a lot of hacks to get proper file selection dialogs in Firefox, as the GTK dialogs are just horrible to use. Only the header was signed – that was the issue. It was made to save computational power on the device. Well, no one will switch to ffmpeg – because the people who actually write most of the code you see in ffmpeg think the ffmpeg managers (admins? project leaders?) are assholes. The whole contributor base – everyone contributing to ffmpeg – tried to get the project leader out of the project, but he refused. So these people forked ffmpeg – or rather, they took all the repos (which they owned), took all the CI servers (which they owned) and would have also taken the name ffmpeg, but the project leader owned that name. It’s more of "one asshole vs. all the people writing the code he gives away" than anything else. To me, it seems like all of them are behaving like little children, too – but that doesn’t change how the people involved think of each other. I see the issue, I – as user – prefer ffmpeg, but I – as dev – prefer libav. I’d love to somehow see both sides working together, but it sadly just won’t happen. Yes, it is an opinion. There are laws that are above those agreements, and they are continously broken by the US. Again, and again, and again. We have to be on a web where stuff like nude boobs is considered NSFW, where sites that allow users to sell used digital goods are instantly sued to death, etc. These things are all based on a US-centric moral framework. The whole web is full of that. And Google, a company that, until recently, was legally headquartered in Ireland, applies only the US moral standard for their products. Even if I am in europe, I can’t upload a movie to YouTube that is allowed to be shown on TV in Germany during daytime just because the US moral standard says nude boobs are not okay. If the US and its companies want to force their moral and legal standards upon us, we will force our standards upon them, too. Which is one of the reasons why TTIP contains the "local IP" part: Only sparkling wine made in France may be called Champagner from then on, only Parmesan made in Italy may be called this, etc. No, that’s not what I’m talking about: A documentary that shows nude boobs can’t be uploaded by our state television to YouTube because Google forbids that. Such a documentary DEFINITELY doesn’t belong on LiveLeak or PornHub or whatever either, though. It belongs on a platform like Vimeo or YouTube, where it’s forbidden due to US-American moral standards. I made the same point before, but: If a German company operates within Germany with German customers completely legal according to German law, and then gets fucked over by US institutions forcing US banks to seize the money of that company just because the actions (which happened solely under German law) were not according to US law... Then it is the exact same situation. If the US can dictate our companies laws, we can dictate their companies laws, too. The Euro was made also to reduce the influence of the dollar for international trade, and especially the countries within the EU have almost no contact with the dollar anymore, nor do most companies here. Which makes sure the US can’t just seize their assets (like they used to seize assets of companies because "if they trade in dollar, they operate under US law") No, that's not the case: The trade agreements have a very limited scope, and the US oversteps those boundaries consistently. Our government in Germany ends up sending not even a strongly worded letter to the US because they don't want to risk the international relationship, but the official position is that these actions are illegal. It's just like the NSA affair. And the fact that in the Microsoft case a US judge stated that, even though the servers in question were in Europe, the US could seize them because the internet was a US invention and the company had made business in the US just shows the issue: the US legal enforcement consistently oversteps nations boundaries. As a German, I gave up on online contests and giveaways if they are written in English. Luckily I have the ability to see from the language almost instantly if it is available here, but I’d imagine for an Australian or British person it would end up a lot harder. And Japan recently launched another satellite with the same interval and resolution! No, it delivered a 34M JPG https://farm1.staticflickr.com/265/19667653813_94a68f5644_o.... It’s the reason why long-term, VC firms (like Y Combinator) and the US startup culture have to fail. All of them focus only on short-term, exponential growth. That is not sustainable. The only question is if humanity will die due to the environmental effects of exponential growth first, or if these companies default first. Try Krita.org then. It’s free, too, and a bit more focused on creative work, but it supports all the colorspaces, all the vector layers and everything. A lot more usable than GIMP, too. And still, we are switching the Eurofighter from a CANBUS with seperate microcontrollers to a single central microprocessor design. Fun fact: The first two use cases are actually illegal in Germany. You may not run the motor or any in-car appliances while the car is not moving, and you may not move the car if it is not desperately necessary (yes, taking the car to visit your neighbor 20m away is actually illegal) The sampling interval of the Japanese and the European satellite is really interesting, though, because it allows to view more than half of earth in 15min intervals. We can see live the movement of clouds and typhoons around the earth. This is really powerful. It’s unsustainable growth, though. Facebook is even today far overvalued. Their price has to crash at some point. And even Google is stagnating. How the hell can that be legal? That would be the legal equivalent to a person working in a factory and doing the same stuff as hobby at home not owning the products he made at home. Doesn’t this infringe at least a few universal human rights? o.O The moon has approximately the same color as fresh asphalt, so it’s expected. It only looks bright on the night sky because everything else (including the stars) is just far darker. So, they are ignoring regulations, avoided paying insurance fees and drivers licenses for months, are equally expensive as normal taxis, are paying their drivers badly, and are STILL not profitable? Well, this is a failed experiment. Have you read TPP? The current leaks specify that selling, buying, owning, using, inventing, planning, modifying, etc of devices, software, or methods that can be used or could be helpful for removal or circumvention of DRM have to be treated as a a crime. Lobbying, lobbying, and lobbying. It’s cheaper to lobby against mandatory insurance than to actually pay for it. The court case in Germany has all the evidence you asked for. UberPop was banned (not UberBlack, though) because Uber refused to only hire drivers who had a chauffeurs license; because Uber refused to pay insurance. And anecdotal evidence of the uber pricing is that it’s not a bit more expensive than any other taxi or chauffeur services. Paying drivers 'badly': There were multiple submissions about this topic on HN, use the search. With ICANN registrars, that is true. DENIC, for example, (which operates seperately and has their own, incompatible WHOIS system), operates .de differently: After your domain ran out, it will get "locked", all DNS settings will be locked they were before, and you get a letter or an SMS. The domain will stay locked for 2 weeks, during that you can enter the code from the SMS or letter on a website to move the domain to another registrar or delete the domain. If you don’t react at all, after 2 weeks, the domain goes into TRANSIT. It still stays locked, but now you get actually billed for it, until you enter the code or delete the domain. Essentially, with DENIC, the domain stays locked until you decide to delete it or move it to another registrar. You can also disable the TRANSIT, in that case, if the domain runs out, after 2 weeks grace period of being locked it actually runs out. Remember: Not all NICs operate like ICANN. In Germany, if you transport passengers commercially, your normal insurance does not apply. As, if you operate a car, you have to have an insurance, you have to have a seperate insurance for the cases where you operate a car while transporting someone commercially. UberPop did not provide those insurances, and instead said the drivers would have to pay them themselves. As that is not acceptable for the drivers, and Uber directly suggests the drivers to just drive without insurance, the courts ruled that Uber will be fined 240k€ for every business interaction its UberPop service does without providing this insurance. Remember, not all taxi regulations in Europe are crazy, most actually make sense. Well, I have currently 4 large hospital centers within of a few km of me and a few doctors that also provide emergency care, but while one of the hospitals has amazing healthcare in all areas, they have long wait times. Another has better care for broken bones, but they have far worse methods for treating neurological issues, etc. So, depending on what happens, I’ll go to different places, no matter the distance. I’m not saying the government is immune from corruption, and while I do not think protectionism is bad, the government here does not intervene with this at all. Uber is not even treated legally as taxi service, but as chauffeur-for-hire service, meaning they only need to do 2 things: Their drivers have a drivers license, their cars are insured. The drivers license for taxi drivers, chauffeurs and bus drivers costs 55€. fifty-five Euro. That’s nothing. And one can reasonably demand that cars on the street are insured, as especially in car crashes it is helpful. At least they seperated airbags, breaks, steering etc, so you can still safely stop the car. Especially because they admit themselves that two of the languages in their set don’t even minimize. Even with short sentences, German and Japanese often have large DLM values. With more complex, nested sentences (which are really common in Germany), this becomes more of an issue, because between two connected words you can have 7 subclauses. (Seriously, read Karl Marx’ Das Kapital, or Günther Grass’ Der Krebsgang, or read any other German author.) You do realize that Copyright does not apply for business logic or algorithms, so anyone can just copy those, too? German, especially, loves deeply nested sentences. This means, on the other hand, though, that we use far less sentences. The grammar of an average english article in a science magazine reads for me, a native German speaker, like first-grader text. Well, not run-on sentences. Those are different from nested sentences. A nested sentence is a sentence structure, a combination of main sentences, which are sentences that could stand a lone, and a subclauses, which are clauses that are dependent on main sentences, in a specific way that allows for easier understanding, which is done by providing an explanation for a specific part in a subclause. As you can see, this doesn’t really work well in english, but in German sentences actually become MORE readable if done like this. The thing with taxes like VAT is that they are supposed to apply fully to the end product, no matter where it was made. This is made to prevent tax evasion schemes. DTAG (Deutsche Telekom AG) essentially does the exact same with YouTube that Verizon did with Netflix: They refuse to peer with them at all. ALL traffic from DTAG users first runs to a Level3 datacenter in New York, and from there goes to other users. While all other German ISPs have a peering node at DECIX Take https://netzpolitik.org/2015/telekom-am-internetknoten-de-ci... for example. It’s common knowledge in the industry by now that the DTAG uses their 40 million users as leverage to force companies to directly peer with them (and pay for peering). Additionally, they overcharge a lot for the last mile infrastructure for other ISPs, so in my region some other ISPs started building their own last mile infrastructure and peering with Telia to get access to TAT-14 (and thereby allowing them to peer better with US providers). (TAT-14 is a transatlantic cable owned by DTAG and Telia) He’s one of the anarcho-capitalist hardcore bitcoin defenders that hang out in #bitcoin-assets, too. Just ignore him, I wasted a week trying to talk to these kind of people, it’s of no use. No, that’s the thing: A lot of european small companies don’t care much about growth. That’s the exact thing. And this mindset of "it works well enough" now meets with the US mindset of wasting resources, of eternal, aggressive growth, of pure capitalism. Obviously, that doesn't work well. Still doesn’t fix X11 access Even better: You can create a death certificate for yourself, and create a birth certificate for yourself under a different name a few decades ago. New identity, very cheaply and easily. That’s an interesting idea. Just claim copyright on your name and then DMCA the fuck out of all these sites, including Google. You get the same effect as the right to be forgotten (probably even more disruptive, as this solution also works for companies) but Google has to apply it internationally. And, the worst thing, many companies actually use DMCA to ban bad reviews already. If you consider the dollar to have an absurdly high valuation, what do you think about the GBP and, until a year ago, the EUR? In German law, clauses that forbid reverse engineering are invalid, the contract itself still stays valid, though. UhrG Paragraph 95 and 69 We are mad because for over 500 million Europeans Contracts can not restrict the basic right of decompiling. So, she's telling legal bullshit just to provoke a fear in people that stops a totally legal practice. The funny thing of the DMCA is, that, due to Safe Harbor laws, it applies to all companies in the US and EU, and they have to take it down internationally. Yes, surely it doesn’t work that way, but it’s DMCA. Companies are using it to take down everything with "Pixels" in name, it’s not hard to abuse it. Yes, a Salvatorian Clause is normally necessary, but this law was specifically written saying that the clause in the contract just doesn’t apply. The rest of the contract stays valid. The "Do not break DRM" on Computer Software is equally invalid. (Warning: the "Do not break DRM" on music and video is a criminal offense on the other hand). DISCLAIMER: I am not a lawyer, this is not legal advice, if you consider to use this as defense in a court, you might want to consider getting an attorney. Details can matter depending on your jurisdiction. Well, that’s not a limitation of statically typed languages, but a limitation of go. Just like Generics. Java, for example, does support Optional types similar to Haskell’s Maybe. Haskell in supports them, too Under EU law it is illegal to forbid someone to convert a binary back into source code. Even further, if I buy a software, and it does not run on my system, I can turn it back into source, modify it, recompile it, and use it as much as I want. If the original company tries to prevent me from doing this, they commit a crime that can be punished with multiple months of jail for their CEO or 10% of their profit as long as they have that practice. Did anyone notice that the post contains Microsoft Office Word metadata? http://hastebin.com/daxiyaguma.html After BMW just bought the last remains of Nokia (including the smart-driving subsidy of Nokia that produced 3D scans of all european streets), I don’t think so. Also Google is, for a carmaker, tiny. VW, for example, is over twice as large as Google. > if I buy a software, and it does not run on my system, This would be one example case. As I posted in my comment. Integration can also just mean for future possible integration – for example, if someone writes a tool that can read a file format, I may decompile it to implement a tool to read the same file format. Google has less assets, half of the profit and half of the revenue of VW. Google has a higher valuation due to an investment bubble, not due to actual economics. Advertising in general is a grossly overvalued business. VW will still build cars, engines and small-scale power plants in a century. Web advertising is already becoming an issue now, with more and more people moving to mobile, vendors pre-installing adblockers and even ad agencies starting to doubt the effectiveness of easily overlooked Google ads. And still, VW, a single carmaker in a single company, is larger than the overvalued internet giant of Google that controls advertising in all but a handful of countries. Google is a tiny player in the rest of the world economy. The 2$ OVH plan works better than the 10$ DO plan, if you can live without the ecosystem and with a quite meh webinterface. Kimsufi just resells OVH’s Dedicated Servers. But, sure, you get exactly what you ask for. On the other hand, I never had an issue with my OVH 2$ (now 5$) server, and I run an Apache with worpress, an IRC bouncer for a handful of users, a mumble, a teamspeak and a minecraft server on it. Less than 100% CPU and RAM utilization. OVH isn’t cheap because they don’t deliver the performance you ask for, OVH is cheap because they really don’t provide anything else in the free tier, no backups, no additional IPs, no guarantueed uptime. I can send fully unicode SMS here in Germany, and while my old phone doesn’t support all the characters, it definitely displays even multibyte characters properly. I know a lot of people at my university who plain out refuse to use twitter. Take German, a language where even simple sentences end up being above the limit. Everyone who wants to say long things either ends up posting only medium.com links on twitter, or ends up not using twitter at all. Take now Chinese, or Japanese, languages with Ideograms, where you can fit a whole word into a single character, like 象. The limit leads to a completely different demographic depending on language. It’s SMS, as we have to pay extra per character for sending and receiving MMS. (Yes, you can bankrupt someone by sending them a bunch of MMS) Okay, but can’t I take 8 raw images and merge them into one image with 8 times higher dynamic range? Here’s an image link to your image that actually fucking works: http://i.imgur.com/i4ydV1a.png EULA, ToS, etc do not apply in Europe if they contain terms that the user can not reasonably expect. An OS sharing all your data even with snooping disabled falls under this regulation, and multiple EU data privacy officials are already investigating and preparing a case. You can take the Eurovision Song Contest as example. Millions of people watching via livestream, overall (including TV), the largest annual TV event (197 million overall) Livestreaming scales very nicely horizontally, if done properly. And this is an event that is completely done without any ads or commercial investor backing it. Yes, but why can’t the camera do it continuously? Film at 240fps and provide a 60fps output with 10bit color depth. Warning, only Freifunk Berlin is an ISP, all other Freifunk communities tunnel through a VPN to Switzerland. Source: I hang around in the #ffki channel on HackInt for the Freifunk Kiel community quite often. Look up Thilo Weichert, or, his replacement and long-years assistant Marit Hansen (Dipl.-Inf.) They fought many battles, especially against Facebook, which led to court rulings in the manner of "Instant change of terms, instant destruction of data, or 6 months jail for the CEO". Internationally, many might laugh about the ULD, but you do not risk a fight with them. And now, with them starting to look at Microsoft, I would not want to be in Microsofts place. His link requires javascript and decrypts on device. Additionally, it overrides the browsers zoom behaviour and makes it impossible to view the image in a new tab seperately. The link of the comment I replied to was just as bad as the sites that block right-clicking. Well, that ghosting effect is also called motion blur. If I integrate continuously, that is. Which is all nice, but doesn’t make it better that the site is almost unusable. A better solution would be decrypting the image and then loading the image into an image tag with a data: uri in base64 encoding. I could zoom normally with the browsers own zoom tools, I could right-click save normally, etc. Both of which do not work. I can not right-click "view in new tab" or right-click "save as". > good model for consumers, but probably not great from a sales perspective That’s what regulation is for: The only thing we should be concerned about is the consumer, the employee, the normal person. This includes job security, but it also includes allowing a free market in the terms that is necessary. For TV channels, a free market is obviously an advantage, where the user can choose which channels to pay for and which not. (Btw, this is one of the types of business where TTIP will not influence existing EU legislation at all, but only bring today’s EU laws to the US) Browser works fine, it only is an issue with his site. Firefox 40. I tried 2 different machines, running two different versions of linux, tried Firefox, Firefox Aurora and Firefox nightly, all with clean profiles. Neither "Save as" nor "View in new tab" work. I said so on the github issue, too Still, the result might now work in /some/ browsers, but it won’t magically make it work on most people’s phones. Hacker News is a site I browse on my phone because it works without eating up RAM or anything. Doesn’t work in Firefox 40 on Linux. Tried Firefox, Dev channel and Nightly channel on 2 systems with clean profile. Just does not work. The context menu appears, but if I click on "Save as" or "View Image", nothing happens. "Image Info" does work, though. Not necessarily. Assume we say an 8-bit image is taken every 0.1 second, if I merge 4 of them, wouldn’t I just get a 10-bit image with 0.4 second shutter time? Because I essentially just take the RAW image, load them into a 10-bit colorspace, add them up, and then store the image. This protects you from nothing. It actually makes it LESS secure. Because you now have to enable JavaScript. The service provider can still decode the info by MitM'ing. If you are using Google Fiber, for example, your service provider can do whatever they want anyway – they control your browser, they are a CA and they are your ISP. If not: As we’ve seen with CINNIC, MitM'ing is trivial because CAs give out root certificates far too often, far too easily As you’ve probably seen with MEGA, this does not protect the site at all. Take Megaupload (not MEGA), they had unencrypted data, but complied fully with DMCA and operated fully legally. Take MEGA, they have to comply with DMCA, too, even though everything is encrypted and they never can decrypt the data, either (MEGA does literally the same as up1.ca) Additionally, Certificate pinning only works if I visited the site before the MitM started. And some carriers like T-Mobile just strip every Certificate Pinning header anyway, as they use proxies to compress data. (Chrome’s Turbo mode does the same). Essentially, the site uses JavaScript for showing images without providing any advantage to either the user or the site. "Private", well, it’s not private. Seriously. There is a reason you do actual crypto differently. Encrypt the image with the public key of your friends and send it to them, that is privately. Giving a foreign entity control over your data and key is not "privately". And, worse, I have to activate JavaScript, which decreases security by a lot. Well, the advantage of VW is that the car itself is pretty secure. All messages on the CANBUS are securely signed, there are multiple rings of security where data can always pass only in one direction, etc. The only thing this exploit enables is that if you already have the car, managed to break the steering wheel lock, managed to replicate the magnetic signature of the key, and managed to start the motor, that you can circumvent the immobilizer that comes after that. This is a pretty minor flaw compared to the "full control via radio" that competitors had. At least in Germany, yes. Usually the key is also secured with multiple other techniques and has a 3-dimensional unique pattern, plus additionally magnetic safety features. And the fact that the car has a steering wheel lock (the steering wheel is locked in the right-most position) is also standard. Almost all German manufacturers use these variations of CAN. Bosch recently published how their variants are used to prevent stuff like break-in through the radio. The system is safe against replay attack (by prepending a timing signal to the encrypted message), has seperate rings of trust (so your gas pedal can control acceleration, but your radio can’t), and is in general quite safe. And, well, with a physical kit you might be able to start the kit, but the steering wheel lock can not be unlocked without a physical key. And even if you break through that, you need to stop the immobilizer. So you end up breaking open the door, breaking with large tools a part of the steering wheel lock, (hoping the car does not have an anti-intervention system, usually a cat jumping onto the car already starts a loud alarm), then you have to actually start the car and run this 30-min brute force attack against the immobilizer, after having sniffed the owner before. It’s theoretically possible, but it's not really a practical attack. I’m the type that only runs arch because I can’t be bothered to run Gentoo ;) Anyway, for posting on a public forum it’s pretty useless, as it provides no benefit and requires the users to have JS enabled, which is, especially on Hacker News, not really a given. Even the mods complained when an up1.ca link was used as submission link recently. Using a standard protocol would be an advantage here most definitely. The mechanical keys used in VWs today can not be reproduced with photographing. They have non-standard cut-ins on both sides and also activate magnetical bolts inside the lock. Yes, as people mentioned above. It’s long fixed, and only a tiny set of cars (only high-end models with keyless entry) were even affected at all. Within of to minutes no air? That sounds weird. The above mentioned vulnerability only applies to very few models, on the North American market, which have the (very costly) extra of keyless entry. According to my knowledge, keyless entry is even illegal in Germany. (But I am not a lawyer, so I do not know if that applies at all, or if the legal situation just ends up stating that drunk people owning a car with keyless entry may not be close enough to their car that the immobilizer is deactivated)