Current job: front end developer for a well-known mapping product (no, not that one), although my contract ends in a month. Side projects: http://markdownnotes.com , and many, many others. I also write picture-rich articles about history: http://en.nicolasbouliane.com/blog/the-berlin-airlift You hit the nail on the head with LinkedIn. Those who actively browse it are not your target demographic. Some of them may care about the finished product, but you'd better save it all for the technically-inclined people. My biggest gripe with them is that lots of people can write code that gets the job done, but people who write maintainable code are much rarer. That sounds a lot like it. It seems impossible to get filthy rich in Canada and even less in Germany where I currently live. As a Canadian in Germany, you seen nuthin' The German tax ROI seems much better to me, but I miss my $575 Montreal rent. That's correct. You need the Meldebescheinigung (given during the Anmeldung) to open a bank account, and you need a bank account to find an apartment, and you need an apartment to do the Anmeldung (it requires a fixed address). It's pure madness. I actually run a blog documenting the (sometimes insane) German bureaucracy. It's not nearly as bad as people think, but things like getting an Ausländerbehörde (immigration office) appointment can be a real pain. Fortunately, it has improved a lot in the last 3 years. The Settle in Berlin article is completely outdated. http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/berlin-auslanderbehorde-sam... There's already such a thing. Local subreddits, Facebook groups, GitHub issues etc. They all have their regulars. I'm fairly involved in my community with http://allaboutberlin.com/ , and I've made a few IRL friends just writing for that website. It's still possible: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ When I made All About Berlin, it was just HTML and CSS. Nothing complex there. I eventually added Disqus and Google Analytics, but it's still possible to build simple websites. > The set of all sets in a space, X, is called the power set, P(X). The power set is massive and, even if the space X is well-behaved, the corresponding power set can often contain some less mathematically savory elements. Consequently when dealing with sets we often want to consider a restriction of the power set that removes unwanted sets. I wish people could teach math in plain English. I don't know why the math and physics world refuses to write for the reader. I took this class before, and I still don't know what the author means by "less mathematically savory elements". Here's you explain things to humans: > There is a set called the power set that contains all the sets in a space. This set is huge, and it contains [less mathematically savory elements]. This is why we usually use a restricted version that removes the unwanted sets. Seriously, there's no point to this sort of fancy language. Math is already hard. No need to make it harder. It's based on my comprehension of his paragraph There is a set. It's called the power set. It contains all the sets in a space. The Fragebogen zur steuerlichen Erfassung. Every freelancer and small business owner in Germany has to fill it. It's long, it's complicated, and it's full of things that are hard to understand. I wrote a guide on how to fill it ( http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/fragebogen-zur-steuerlichen... ), but I wish there was an easier way to fill it. I live in Berlin too, and I do that a lot. I put my phone in my pocket, take random directions until I get loss, then slowly find my way back. I discovered a lot of things that way, and learned to orient myself in the city. I also saw lots of nice little gems that go unnoticed if you are not paying attention. A useful one for Berlin: trains usually drive on the right, so you know which way a station is by looking at the train signs. I can't speak for you, but I only heard about GDPR 6 months or so ago, like most people outside of Hacker News. Most small businesses only heard about it in the last 6 weeks. Sure, the regulation was there, but nobody talked about it, and it's unreasonable to expect people to magically learn about EU regulations, especially if they don't live in the EU. > I've done full compliance for six companies and it cost less than £250 each What about your salary? There are legitimate reasons to need to know how your website is being used. Submission statement: I compiled this guide over the last two months, covering all the little laws I needed to follow to make my website compliant. Since the GDPR regulation is full of little holes, I tried to refer as much as possible to other sources. I am aware that some things are missing. Online merchants have to follow quite a few more rules, but I'm not qualified to explain these. That's what Toyota did for a while. They recycled existing technology to make their little engines better and faster, instead of developing new engines at a much higher cost. On the other hand, there is little incentive to spend a billion dollars developing a one dollar product if it gets copied by everyone else. It can incentivize stagnation. What if the discovery process is risky and expensive? Protecting the idea is what pays the investors back. This also reads like opinion dressed as fact This is good, because that process now becomes the API's problem and not yours. Their tests cover it, not yours, and it makes your work simpler. I've always made my own themes, and even those can be fairly slow without the standard caching plugins. Optimizing Craft CMS sites was a breeze by comparison. Nobody pays for content. Let's stop pretending it's a usable business model. Even paywalls are hated by most, and banned by some communities. If you block ads, they'll simply make the content an ad. If restaurants offered meals for free, people wouldn't complain about the ads on the menu. No restaurant offers free meals though. Should we start charging for everything we see online? Isn't this premise flawed though? I'd assume that even low-calorie plants are still way ahead of your average cow in terms of environmental impact. You have omitted methane emissions from that calculation, even though their impact is significant. You also ignored that plants produce oxygen instead of consuming it. I recently started reducing my meat consumption, and I was surprised by how many people are doing the same without making a big deal out of it. That is the sort of change that sticks. While I think millennials (that's like 30 years worth of people) do this, I don't think that's the only reason they travel, just an added perk. It reminds me of "reduce, reuse, recycle, in that order". It's better to reduce resource consumption than to reduce its impact. Truth be told, I love big hero images amd especially videos. However, they're the largest performance problem on my otherwise text-based website, and they're purely aesthetic. This becomes especially apparent when you're in a country with a different language and alphabet (Greek, Cyrillic, Chinese, etc). Even if the device successfully pronounces it, you can't look for it on street signs. This is fine for turn by turn navigation though. All that text would just be a distraction when you're driving or riding. Right? Pure content. I'm saving it as inspiration. Yes! I performed a major refactor that lasted about 6 months. With the commit history (that linked to tickets with discussions and even mockups), I could understand the process of people who had left the company two or three years ago. It allowed me to tell obscure business logic from leftover code and bugs. I could trace each line of code to its requirement. I also used it to pinpoint the cause of a bug after updating a docker image, knowing that the bug was introduced in a certain file between certain dates. Now I try to strictly enforce detailed tickets and ticket numbers in commit messages. I write guides for people who do not speak English fluently. I keep my sentences short, I use simple words, and I use the Oxford comma. It helps a lot. I moved to Germany when I didn't speak German. The government uses complex language to talk to people who don't speak German. It made me angry, and I wanted to do better. In my opinion, sentences that start with the condition are easier to read. You already know if they are relevant to you. For example, "If you meet condition A, you must do B" is easier to parde than "You must do B if you meet condition A". I also avoid idioms. They are fun, but they are hard to understand. I have many other tricks, but your two tricks are the most important. It helps. There is a place and a time for clever language. You don't have to make complex topics more complicated with language. If you are a government service, you will serve people who are not native speakers. I help. I run a website that helps people figure out life in Berlin in Germany. It covers important topics in plain language. These days I maintain an overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin, and spread correct information in various communities. The government is doing a poor job at propagating information, and most sources are only in German. Save a few surprisingly hostile people, the response has been very positive. It feels good to be helpful, even if it's only for a few hundred people. Now (or in the next few months) might be a good moment to enter the stock market, while all stocks are down. I don't think it's easy (nor ethical) to monetise the crisis directly, but some forms of income are resilient to it. Some products and services are needed at all times, and you can earn a commission for promoting those. For instance, people still go through my website to understand various aspects of German bureaucracy. They open bank accounts, get health insurance, get liability insurance and so on. They get help free help, and I get paid to provide it. It's a nice business model. Many freelancers have lost their income because of the pandemic. I plan to write a comprehensive overview of their options. It might lead some of them to get things they genuinely need: disability insurance, private pensions and so on. This benefits both my readers and me. Software development is also largely unaffected by this crisis (although the companies that employ them are). I wanted to finish this contract in May and ride into the sunset on my motorcycle, but with Europe shutting down, I'll keep working for as long as I'm needed. I also use the shutdown to save money. I have nowhere to spend it anyway. I don't commute anymore, so I always eat at home. I use the 2 hours a day I just saved to work on my motorcycle. It's much cheaper than paying someone else to do it. I don't spend much time covering the virus itself. My main concern is to keep people updated about closures, financial support and other things that directly affect them. It occasionally freezes. I occasionally touch the buttons by accident. Mine is missing the physical escape key. The problem as I understand it is that those large companies hire thousands of skilled workers, and are often the only source of employment in some regions. If they go under, they bring a significant segment of the population with them. I maintain a clear overview of the Coronavirus situation in Berlin ( https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/coronavirus ). Right now, I'm a bit overwhelmed and I could really use some help. - I need help with collecting and summarising the daily updates - I would like to add more information about backup plans for employees and freelancers (this will become its own guide) - I would like to compile a list of ways people like you can help. Feel free to get in touch (see the Impressum page). I'll take as much help as I can get, but I have zero demands. RTFM is necessary because asking a question is cheaper than answering it. People ask a lot of questions they could trivially answer themselves, at the detriment of the community. I moderate a community for a European capital. Without an RTFM policy, we'd spend our days retyping the same answers you could find with a Google search: what to do on a trip there, where to print documents, how to pay a public transit fine etc. That's a point that keeps coming back in minimalist and travel communities. People brag about how little they own, and it looks perfect until you ask about the logistics of it. You quickly find out that their minimalist existence is often propped by cheap third-world labour, or by a complete lack of financial planning. They don't own any of the tooks they need to fend for themselves. In a sense, their lifestyle is only possible as other people are there to support it. Someone else has to provide the tools, and usually the expertise. Any labour you pay is paid with your post-tax income, with sales tax on top. You'd need to work two hours to buy an hour of your own labour. You usually get paid for a fixed number of hours, so the time you save by hiring an expert can't be spent at work paying for it. There's usually some overhead involved too: finding labour, scheduling appointments, bringing your car to the dealership etc. Doing your own oil change takes less time than driving to the garage. You don't have to do everything on your own, but I'd save the experts for the important challenges. You're right. In the end, it comes down to picking your battles. There's no hard rule for which battles are worth it. I do my own motorcycle repairs, because I sometimes stray far from the nearest mechanic, and field repairs can be necessary. I also cook a lot, because I have to eat every day and restaurants are expensive. However, I paid someone to rebuild my forks, and I buy pre-made pie shells. Those things are not worth doing myself. My father rebuilds engines in his garage, but won't change the oil on a slush-covered car. He'll pay someone else to do it. I guess it depends on how pleasant the job is to you, how often you need it done, and how much it costs to get it done relative to your own salary. It's a contentious debate. Minimalism is a large umbrella. Some people are aiming to fit everything in a backpack, and others are just trying to watch their consumption. Currently, I use Microsoft ToDo for lists, Google Keep for text notes, and occasionally [Markdown Notes]( http://markdownnotes.com/ ). I've been toying with the idea of rolling my own option for years now. These apps are fairly simple, and being able to manipulate and combine the data as I see fit would be really useful. However, I also need to access my todo list and notes from anywhere, on or offline, across multiple platforms. Dict.cc is excellent for that, if you're translating between German and English. Linguee can also be really good. Many problems lack a Designated Person Who Cares. Everyone has something to do, a task to accomplish. There's never someone whose job is to improve the codebase and the tooling, even when it can benefit the team. I don't think I would quit a company over a more stringent linter. To me, this is the same attitude that leads to safety hazards in other industries. "I don't need safety measures because -I- am not an idiot". Even the smartest developers make dumb mistakes. If you can eliminate some of those early with minimal friction, it's worth it. The earlier you catch a mistake, the cheaper it is. Linter rules are less of a hassle than bugs in production. I'm not sure if that's really true. Club Mate and Fritz Cola are common in Germany, but not so much elsewhere. I document the bureaucratic hurdles I go through, in plain English. It's a collection of everything I wish I knew when I moved to Germany. https://allaboutberlin.com/ I also run a smaller blog where I put solutions to obscure tech problems I ran into. http://wisercoder.com/ This is especially prevalent for simple questions that would normally have simple answers. I'd like to know when to water my mint plant without reading about the whole history of mint. The gadgets listed in the article were meant to have a short shelf life. Though a few still survive, it was never intended. On the other hand, my more generic gadgets simply never die. My projector, my Bluetooth speaker, my headphones... they all do exactly what I bought them for. There might come a time when that's not enough, but that will be decided on my own terms. It won't be because of a dead server or a useless battery life. As you say, tools last a lot longer, because they were designed to fulfill a simple role without any bells and whistles. This is why I don't like the trend of pairing long-lasting tools to short-lived tech. A car or a watch will last a really long time. USB-C and Android 9.0 won't. This article takes many random jabs at various groups. I really don't understand why the author needed to force a men vs women angle into this article. It feels out of place. I also don't like the assumption that only the wealthy benefit from a functioning economy. The "let some people die to save the economy" stance is far from a wealthy people perspective. I heard it from many working class people who are worried about their dependents. The government already has its hand in the food supply with all the farming subsidies it hands out. It can either change the subsidies to match the situation, or get heavily involved into the resource allocation as it has done in wartime. As a good example, European agriculture is currently threatened because there are no foreign workers in the fields. The German government responded by better connecting unemployed workers to local farms, and by changing the rules to allow some foreign workers to come in. That's just a hint of what governments are capable of. It pales in comparison to a war economy. How does it differ from MacOS' excellent screen capture tool? It does what you describe, and also captures videos. This is the part that completely evades me. The economy ground to a halt worldwide, 6 million new unemployment claims are processed every week in the US, established startups are on life support, more and more small businesses are collapsing... ...and the stocks are green. Is there any backing to this claim beyond "it's pleasant to hear"? It reminds me of Operation Barbarossa. Many reconnaissance pilots rang the alarm about the huge buildup of German forces near the Soviet border (in Poland). They weren't only ignored, but threatened. That continued even early into the German attack. German soldiers swam across the river to warn the Soviets. They were shot as enemy agents. You don't prevent a fire by taking the piles out of the smoke detector. If you build a culture where reporting problems is dangerous, you'll only hear good news that can be shared and catastrophic news that can't be ignored. The material required to make N95 masks is in short supply because it is tricky to make. It takes a very long time to set up new machines to make this material. I recall reading 6 months. NPR wrote a good piece about this, if my memory serves me right. I apologise for the lack of sources. It doesn't help that the US tried to make some shady deals with a German company for exclusive access to the vaccine, and allegedly rerouted PPE paid for and headed to Germany. I have actually learned an awful lot from assembling Ikea furniture. Some of those patterns make their way into my own little projects nowadays. This reminds me of an idea I fell in love with: an app can be a home-cooked meal. https://www.robinsloan.com/notes/home-cooked-app/ We can build software that can't scale and won't sell, solely for the enjoyment of those we love. We're not running out of ideas. We're just limiting ourselves to the small subset of problems that are worth solving for money. 2x the userbase overnight? Is this growth hacking? Some problems just aren't that valuable to solve. I use tons of neat little tools like jsondiff.com that just aren't really worth paying for. Monetising those products would make them less pleasant to use, and I'd move to something else. Some things can just remain simple and free, and that's fine. Yes, this is an excellent example. I was also thinking of all those little online tools that solve trivial problems like formatting JSON, decoding URL parameters etc. A world with no losers is impossible when the world and its inhabitants requires maintenance just to keep existing. The characters in Animal Crossing do not tire. They do not go hungry and they do not feel pain. The buildings in the village to not erode, and the in-game items appear out of thin air, without a complex manufacturing process. In the real world, just maintaining your current condition is a constant grind. Real life is a treadmill that never stops. If you're lucky, it just moving a bit slower. Usually, it happens to me when I'm mentally exhausted, or when I do nothing for a long period of time. Here are a few tricks that work for me: * Don't force yourself to get things done. You need rest, not shame. * Get properly bored. Mindlessly consuming content just makes it last longer. * Do something easy and different. I usually run myself a bath or go for a walk. It's enough to get me off the computer and to get ideas flowing again. * Get some rest. Write this evening off, and relax for a bit. The rest will wait. Good writing is a business advantage because it encompasses many other useful business skills. - Writing clearly requires empathy. If you write documentation, you must put yourself in the shoes of your confused users. - Writing requires storytelling skills. Writing something pleasant to read is no small task. - Writing requires social skills. How you write things dictates how well they'll be received. You have to sell your arguments and convince people with very different priorities. Oh and I forgot: * Put a few things back in their place. I don't know why, but it's a surprisingly effective way to get out of a rut. Usually, I end up cleaning the whole flat, even though I hate cleaning. EBay is a terrible website. It has an abysmal user interface that seems to have been built by 100 team with an intense hatred for each other. The feedback system is broken. You can't leave feedback if you opened a case against a seller. Many sellers I had serious problems with had stellar reviews. The resolution system is also pretty bad. If you open a case that gets automatically closed without being solved, you better hope it all happens within 60 days. Thankfully, PayPal is better run. It's anonymized in the sense that you don't know who it will be sold to and what they will do with it. In all seriousness, this is a point GDPR struggles with. It's really hard to properly define what constitutes personal data. It most certainly is. We are trusting a few large companies to moderate acceptable speech on the internet. Is it a good idea to entrust such power to a semi-homogenous group of liberal Americans in the Bay Area? Shouldn't the rest of the planet also have a say in this? Suppose America goes to war with Examplistan. What does that mean for the Examplistanis? Will they get deplatformed as enemy propaganda? Will the internet become a propaganda machine for wherever those large companies are headquartered? What if Google was anti-LGBT? Would we grant it the same moderation powers? Would we be ok with YouTube removing or demonetising videos featuring homosexual displays of affection? I find it crazy that we grant those companies so much power simply because they happen to share some of our views. They also make it much easier to order for a group. Everyone can take turns on the computer and add the food they want. You get a confirmation of what you ordered and a receipt for your taxes, and you don't have to use a phone. You don't even need to speak the local language. Part of my point is that "mainstream social mores" aren't and shouldn't be dictated by a group of companies mainly located within a single American state. There are some things that are normal in parts of the world, but unacceptable in America, and vice-versa. There are also some facts different countries disagree with. Should the mainstream internet adopt the American position by default? Should America's terrorists and freedom fighters be Google and Microsoft's too? A large company that recommends content for a billion users holds significant influence, and that power should not be taken lightly. > Being taken down from YouTube does not equate to being silenced. It does not equate to having your free speech violated, but it does equate to being almost silenced. It's akin to a candidate being excluded from the main political debate. If it's not on the main platforms, it's not on people's feeds. It's not shown by recommendation engines. It's not in Google results. You won't hear about it unless you look for it. We can all agree to censor child pornography, but I feel like we're inching closer and closer to censoring merely controversial opinions. My point is that a small group of American companies get an immense amount of influence over mainstream culture, since they control most of the internet traffic. It's legal, but that doesn't make it a good thing. On the other hand, Google Photos doesn't offer any way to back up your photos to a computer you control anymore. Google Takeout is the only option. Without the benefits you named, I'd argue that you get almost no value out of university. You end up paying a lot of money to teach yourself things. At that point, I'd rather rely on the excellent (free) resources available on the internet. Khan Academy did more for me than my university ever did. I'd just like to remind other readers not to feel pressured to be productive during their downtime. Many of you won't have this much free time until your retirement. It's okay to enjoy it however you see fit. It's not a direct response to this article, but to this general trend of seeing free time as a thing that must be optimised and turned into economic opportunities. Any living thing must somehow get food and shelter, and that requires work. I don't think it's limited to an economic system in particular. It's much more obvious with side projects because there is no one else to blame. You have a complete view of the picture. I find personal projects very humbling. Even with no one stepping on my toes or setting unrealistic requirements, I still make dumb mistakes and write subpar code. > Don't make enterprise software. Don't write unit tests. Don't accept pull requests. Simply write software for yourself and have fun doing it. Forget refactoring code into modules, just fucking code I've found a really nice perspective on this recently: An app can be a home-cooked meal [1] It's okay to build things that aren't popular, that don't scale, or that aren't economically viable, for the delight of a few users. 1: https://www.robinsloan.com/notes/home-cooked-app/ That's a good point. I have nothing to show for my 14 months at [redacted], but I still use the trivial little app I made years ago to redirect my search queries to different sites. It took all of 5 hours to write. Not to mention that losing health insurance coverage wouldn't be a concern. To be frank, I don't care about a 500ms faster site if I spend 15-20 seconds navigating a convoluted GDPR notice, dodging newsletter prompts and looking for a one-line answer in a sea of ads and SEO filler text. I would define essential metrics very differently: - How fast can the users find the answer they are looking for? - What percentage of user interactions benefit the users? - How much information does the website collect about the users? > *eg: once you reached a desirable physical shape, you can switch to 'maintain mode', and focus your energies to something new It should be noted that this does not apply to intimate relationships. They cannot be shelved and picked up again as you see fit. They require consistency. I have made the mistake of putting relationships in maintenance mode, and it did not work so well. Modern times, sure. The United States not so much. If you aren't sure about any other factor, you might want to be born in a society that provides most of its population with the tools they need. Don't blame the regulation, blame everyone who is trying to get you to click the consent button. Cookies are a simple yes/no question, with the default answer being no. If everyone did what's in the users' best interests, it would be a non-issue. This is exactly the spirit of the GDPR. You know your data won't turn up in some completely unrelated place because of a previous business transaction. There is definitely a need for online analytics. Analytics are as important to me as crash reports. * It helps me focus on the content my users need the most, and see what triggers donations. * It helps me catch and diagnose traffic dips, and react to them. * It helps me catch and diagnose unexpected issues. For instance, caching changes broke a component that accounts for 30% of my revenue. It would have stayed broken for a whole month if I didn't see the dip in events. I will replace Google Analytics soon, but even as a tech-savvy person, it's a dreadful task. Google Analytics is free, simple, and incredibly reliable. Setting up your own self-hosted alternative, or paying a monthly fee for an alternative is a lot less desirable. > across the web That part is not necessary. They are mandatory if you collect any form of personal data without legitimate interest. Affiliate marketing is the best way to go. You have full control on how you advertise products. For my website [1], I have build close relationships with local experts. They provide services my readers need, and I know they can be trusted. I get a commission from resulting sales. I like that model because advertisers have zero access to or control over the readers' data. Unfortunately, it's simply not applicable to all websites. - [1] https://allaboutberlin.com/ It would not be easier. It has to be implemented in addition to the consent form. I have a website. If I wanted to support DNT, I'd have to take an hour or two to figure it out. To be honest, it wasn't even on my radar. If you want people to do the right thing, it has to be easy, or it has to pay off. GDPR is incredibly hard, and it's costly. Just knowing what I need to do requires me to wear my lawyer hat. Actually doing it requires me to wear my developer hat, or to pay other people a monthly fee. I will eventually move to another solution, but it has an infinitely lower impact on my users than the problems I help them solve. I will switch this because I swore to do the right thing [1], and because I have a lot of time on my hands. I can't reasonably expect amateur bloggers to do the same. It's an unreasonable burden on people who don't run a website for a living. 1. https://allaboutberlin.com/impressum#content-policy This is called a cascading failure. It's also a problem with the electric grid, and more terrifyingly with global finance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_failure Travel, immigration, entertainment, restaurants etc are severely affected. A lot of people have lost their income, and spend less. There is also some feat that this will exacerbate problems with an already stressed financial system. Banks are massively increasing their cash reserves, and many organisations have a grim outlook on the upcoming months. By default, Apache is rather poorly optimised. MySQL is even worse. WordPress' poor performance is the result of mashing components together without any concern for performance. WordPress itself is not garbage (at least not for those reasons), but WordPress + a bunch of plugins hammered together is a different beast. Last year, I had something that was very close to basic income (income-generating website that doesn't require active babysitting). I knew a life without work would be amazing, but I never expected it to be this great. I had much more time and energy to enjoy life. There was never a rush to do anything. I woke up when I wasn't tired. I could read in bed for an hour if it felt right. Sometimes I'd just walk 3-5 kilometres to an appointment, and stop for a pint along the way. I didn't stagnate either. My personal projects became my job. My work day started when I was ready and ended when I was done. With my finances already sorted out, I worked on things I enjoyed, not on potential startups. Interestingly enough, life got cheaper. I didn't eat out as often, and cooked from scratch. I could afford the time it takes to be frugal. Never in my life have I been so content with my situation. I didn't make much, but I had all the time in the world to enjoy life. Isn't that what people say they'd do if they won the lottery? The second part of the experience came when I got a short work contract to finance a motorcycle trip. Suddenly, I was back to losing sleep, skipping breakfasts, waiting for the day to end, commuting and generally trying to fit life around my job. I give basic income a 10/10, and wish everyone was given the chance to enjoy life on their own terms. I don't know if it's economically viable, but it's definitely the most enjoyable lifestyle I got to experience. EDIT: this is getting a bit of attention. I'd be happy to answer questions publicly or privately. There's a fair bit of luck involved, but no dirty secrets. I got massively lucky. It's a personal project that grew bigger. If I could do it again, I'd already have another website up and running. I've been thinking about it, but I'm coming to terms with being a one-hit wonder. I get paid a living wage for very little work. The reasons are irrelevant. The most important aspect here is the outcome, which was quite similar to UBI. Give anyone the humble monthly income I'm given, and they'll find a way to have fun. I just wanted to confirm that it's indeed quite nice. One thing I didn't mention is that my revenue could plunge at any moment. It did because of COVID-19, for example. This is not the case with UBI. Yes, this is the gap between "I wish everyone had this", and "UBI is a great idea". I don't know if the economics can scale to an entire population, but I really wish it did. I rode a motorcycle from Germany to Kazakhstan. That's the project that got me going, and the website picked up along the way. I didn't bring it up because that was paid for by my savings. I enjoyed this trip so much that I wanted to repeat it elsewhere, but the cost of living is higher in the places I want to see. Then COVID-19 happened and it delayed my trip. I got a short work contract to save up for it, and it means I get to save for a bit longer. I find it cool that I get to choose how much of my life I want to exchange for money. It's a massive privilege to be in this position. I can gladly talk about financials. - I have health insurance. It's pretty far from free, and it's mandatory. I wrote a very detailed guide about how German health insurance works [1]. It's not comparable to the US system, and I want to write a separate guide to explain this more accurately. - My take-home is slightly above what a full time minimum wage worker would make. My expenses are around 1400€ a month. It could be brought down to 1000€, but I insist on certain luxuries and planned my exit accordingly. 1. https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/german-health-insurance I'm happy to answer more questions. Here it is: https://allaboutberlin.com/ My niche is "make knowledge of Germany approachable to non-Germans". This website works because moving to Germany implies paying for certain things, like health insurance. It also works well because most of the existing information is only available in German. This content also ages rather well, unlike programming tutorial or cellphone reviews for example. I don't need to constantly create new content. I can't think of any other topic I understand this well that provides this much value to the readers. I know a thing or two about long distance motorcycle travel, but nothing I couldn't summarise into a few articles, and nothing that could generate affiliate income. I had some other ideas, but none of them withstood scrutiny. Instead, I'd rather grow the website to cover more complex topics that I'm currently dealing with, such finance and retirement planning in Germany. It feels good to help people answer the same questions I had. > Our welfare system is largely unconditional. ALG II is pretty far from unconditional. You only get it after you burn through all your savings, and it forces you to look for work. TV costs 17€ a month per household even if you don't have a TV. Health insurance is pretty far from free, though it matches your income. Don't get me wrong, it's generally a pretty good system, but it's not unconditional. It was a very difficult trip at times, especially after crossing the Caspian Sea. I don't regret it, but it was an adventure for sure. Again, those social benefits only kick in after you have burned through your life savings, including your retirement savings. If you are on ALG II, you don't have so much left. You are also expected to report to the job center, and act on the help they provide you. It's not just "stop working, get free things". If you are not a citizen, it's also going to ensure your visa doesn't get renewed. The government had to make an exception this time for COVID-19. I have been toying with a similar idea for a very long time. I want to have an all-encompassing personal history for the same reasons I want good access and error logs. I want to see when something wrong happens, and I want the means to diagnose the problem and fix the damage. A few good examples: - Did I forget to write down any tax-deductible expenses? - What is my net worth? Is my current lifestyle sustainable? - Which parts of my city have I yet to explore? - Can I search all my conversation with John across 3 messaging apps, email, SMS and phone? I took a few jabs at these problems. Invariably, the services I consumed data from shut down their API or hid my data better. In some cases, I wanted to use a different service, but didn't feel like updating my scripts. I'm currently looking into this again, but this time it's also a matter of privacy. I want to own all that data I create. I'd rather integrate tools under my control than services who actively try to hold my data hostage. The GDPR says you can get access to your data. It doesn't say it should be available in a convenient, computer-friendly format. Google Takeout gives me my location history, but getting it is a manual process. Banks must offer an API. I just haven't looked into it yet. I bought mine 5 years ago and it's just like that. I realised that I don't even need a time dial. An on/off switch would be just fine. What purchases does your website lead to? If the answer is "none", you will not make affiliate income. If you provide really valuable information, you can put it behind a paywall. Otherwise, you must either rely on display ads or donations, neither of which are terribly lucrative. If you want to make money, you have to create value. You have to provide something that is valuable enough to pay for, or bring someone else valuable business leads. This is not the case with your website. Despite all the praise it got, I really struggled with that book. I hated it so much that I had to check if I didn't pick the wrong book by accident. I found that it's a very polarising book. It's life-changing for some, and garbage for others. There were a few insightful passages, but most of the book was pretentious rambling. It was difficult to understand what the author was even trying to say, with his head so far up his butt. It has a promising beginning, but becomes increasingly dense and confusing. Quality is the ability of a thing to do its job. Chasing the definition of that word doesn't warrant a spiral into insanity. "The Life-Changing Magic of Not Giving a F*ck" The free sample is enough to get the core message: the Konmari method can also apply to obligations, not just objects. It's not a fascinating book, just an interesting concept. Most of the book covers the exceptions and caveats of its own technique, a rare approach in this genre. Its premise is similar to Mark Manson's "The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck", but without the aggressive self-help bro tone. "No More Mr. Nice Guy" This book is for nice guys who never get what they want. The answer isn't "be a selfish asshole for once", but "if you want something, ask for it" and "don't expect unsolicited generosity to be rewarded in specific ways". This book is a healthy fix to an unhealthy behaviour. "Influence: Science and Practice" The gang of four made a book about programming design patterns. Cialdini made a book about influence design patterns. It's easy to read, and full of examples. I read Jupiter's Travels right after. It's indeed a much better book about motorcycle travel. It's a very accurate depiction of what it's like to travel on a motorcycle. It still blows my mind that someone achieved this before ATMs, hotel booking sites and fuel injection. This technique is part of 5S, another bit of the Toyota Production System. Poka Yoke is part of Kaizen, IIRC. Poka-yoke plays a big role in making my life easier. I implemented a bunch of them around the house, and in the garage. They're an excellent coping mechanism for people with ADHD, because they make it hard to do the wrong thing. - I leave my backpack against the door to make sure I don't leave the house without it. - I put coloured tape around the 10 mm spanner, and the 10 mm socket. The 12 mm socket is 2 sockets to the right. - Every tool has a place. If a slot is empty, a tool is missing. - When I disassemble something, I place all the screws down in order. When I put everything back together, I should always need the rightmost screw. - I always do mise en place before cooking. If an ingredient is missing, I'll know before I start cooking. I also try to implement them in the workplace. Errors can happen, but they shouldn't happen twice. I just started transcribing every recipe I make. Even if you can extract all the essential information from a recipe site, some changes are needed: - I need to convert recipes to metric. I am neither equipped nor inclined to cook in freedom units. - A "can" or a "packet" is not a standard unit of measurement. - Package sizes vary between countries. I often adjust recipes to avoid wasting food. - I cook by mass, not volume. I convert the units them round them. - Instructions are sometimes too verbose. I make them easier to follow while my hands are busy. - I will make my own changes and I must write them down somewhere. Besides, sites go down and links break. Food.com broke many of my bookmarks a few years ago. Other sites went dark. My recipes are plain text. They are editable, searchable, editable, and available offline. That's something I'm fine with. It's better than targeted ads, and sometimes answers genuine questions. I'm a modern web developer who's fairly up to date on those things. I've set up what he described just last week. I definitely couldn't do it in 10 minutes. An hour maybe. The person above forgot that those things require a lot of skill and experience just to understand what you're told to do. We're a long way from building websites with FrontPage and uploading them over FTP. That would still open you up to MITM attacks Books get written once. Why can't websites? We still learn from documents that are centuries old, and when a cache of them is found, it makes the news. Yet on the other side, we let so much information expire because the underlying technology is obsolete. Tedious work is very unpleasant. It's not just about how much time things take, but about how dreadfully boring the work can be. My job is exactly like what you describe. In a way, I am the executive branch of management. I don't decide what needs to be done or how it needs to be done. I just make sure it gets done. I pair people with questions with people with answers. I synthesise business requirements into usable tickets. I take ownership of cross-team tasks to make sure they don't get stuck. I digest a lot of information, and share the relevant bits with the relevant people. I make sure that important conversations happen, and that important things aren't forgotten. In other words, I take care of all the details that would prevent the team from being focused and productive. It's pretty fun. I am told to make things smoother, but left to decide how to do it. The link to your site at the bottom is not working. There's an extra dot at the end of the URL. Things still need to be delivered. I am fairly close to various expat communities in my city. "Where can I print this document" is a very common question. It also affects tourists who need printed tickets that are only available a few days before their flight. This reflects the experiences of close relatives with unskilled labour. In some fields, it's difficult to get people who consistently show up sober and on time. Those who can do this rarely stay for long. A stock is worth whatever people will pay for it. However it's fair to point out that the price does not match the underlying asset or its future growth. That's mental. Is that a common thing to happen? On the other hand, writing things down or explaining them is a good way to find flaws in your understanding. Their app is also pretty bad, to the point it became standard to just exchange whatsapp numbers right off the bat to make communication possible. Couchsurfing has a great community, but it has been resting on its laurels for too long. I beg to differ. Travellers need travel insurance. They might need a ho(s)tel if other options aren't there. They could enjoy TransferWise and borderless bank accounts. You can give away the product and monetize related needs. This is how I did it with my website, where I can still afford to give away all my knowledge. You focus on your core product, but still make affiliate income from pointing them to other things they need. Yes. I used Yandex Taxi in Kazakhstan. I don't speak Kazakh nor Russian, but was able to get around in Almaty that way. I have done the same with Uber in Poland, and with countless services in Germany before I learned German. I really appreciate consuming a service at my pace, especially when there is a language barrier, a large order or alcohol involved. In practice, it's very difficult fo make such decisions. I'm a young, single developer with other revenue streams. I am not risking a lot, so honesty and integrity are cheap. However, many people don't have such a luxury, especially outside the tech community. I prefer a much shorter quote: "Start where you are, use what you have, do what you can". I love the attitude it conveys. It's not an affirmation, but a call to action. It got me out of overwhelming situations when I was alone and far from home. > There’s no point in suffering in front of a computer screen if I’m not going to be productive anyway. The biggest benefit or being self-employed is that I'm done when I'm done. For a while, I worked 10 to 3 or 4, then did something else. There was no loss in productivity, but it freed up a lot of time in my day. Managing a website and writing for it are two different activities to me. I prefer to do the latter in a WYSISYG editor. I don't want to fire up a terminal to deploy content changes. With proper caching, the output of a CMS can be indistinguishable from a static site, but it can also include RSS, pagination, categories, tagging, responsive images, tables of contents, etc. Take https://allaboutberlin.com . In my browser, most of its pages load faster than the tiny website above. It has a big header image, custom fonts and other features. You can achieve great things with HTTP2 server push, static caching and gzip. You should definitely consider making simple, fast websites because they're great for visitors, but how you produce the HTML doesn't matter. Sure, but they need to be generated by some sort of framework, somewhere. If your definition of a static site includes framework-generated index pages and page structures, aren't almost all websites static already? Making them tiny is just a matter of writing better templates, not picking more obscure frameworks. If you don't need detailed information about visitors, you can also consider server log analytics. 29 milliseconds. That is fast. Why would they be? They are extremely fast, and over 90% of the page is the main content. There is very little noise, so Google can parse them easily. Handy people can truly appreciate how true that statement is. If you fix enough things, you build a collection of tools and techniques that let you fix just about anything. You also build a lot of confidence in your own repair skills. Two years ago, I bought my first motorcycle. I was afraid to change the oil on it. I'm currently rebuilding a motorcycle engine. A lot of that knowledge carries to bicycles and cars, so in a sense, it compounds. Make more mistakes. I learned to cook by messing up dishes. I've messed up enough dishes to know how not to mess up. You have to be comfortable with making mistakes and being bad at things, because it happens a lot when you're just getting started. I have to comb through my monthly transactions for business income and expenses. I also get a notification for every transaction with N26. I used to have a homemade tool that graphed my net worth across several bank accounts. It proved very difficult to maintain, but it was super useful. I could easily see my savings rate, and catch unexpected dips. The problem is not using cookies, it's collecting personal data about users, which is aided by cookies. This requires active consent in Europe, which this website does not allow. If I'm not mistaken, you don't need to have a cookie banner if you only have essential cookies. Perhaps it's time for browsers to step in, and ask for permission just like when sharing location settings. This is rather inconvenient when shopping for niche products. American website assumes that everyone on the internet is American, and you have to go through the shopping cart experience to learn that they don't ship to Canada or Europe. Mine will sometimes parse English, sometimes German. Sometimes it will understand English, and answer in German. It's a total crapshoot. It's a massive difference. Frankfurt am Main is one of the largest cities in Germany. Frankfurt (Oder) has a population of 50000. You seldom refer to Frankfurt (Oder). Even fast devices have slow internet in the underground. So many websites load 3mb of data for a few kb of relevant info. I tried to keep things legal for a year or two, but consistently ran into this problem. I rarely watch whatever's on. I prefer to watch specific movies from a list of recommendations. This was simply impossible. Sometimes I couldn't find the movies I wanted. Sometimes they weren't available in my country. Sometimes they weren't available in their original language, or with the right subtitles. Sometimes the streaming platform didn't like my hardware. Sometimes it didn't let me watch the movie over more than 24 hours. Paying to watch movies felt like paying for making the experience more grating. Piracy gives me any movie I desire in around 20 minutes. I get a file. I own this file for as long as I want. I can play that movie offline, put it on any device, share it with anyone, or transform it as I please. It's mine. I don't think I'll be paying for streaming again. Movie tickets absolutely, but not streaming. For read-only websites, I use and love Craft CMS. I built a lightning fast docker setup for it. If it were a one-off job for someone else, I'd use WordPress because it's easier to find other devs. For CRUD apps I use and love Django. It's a great backend with plenty of goodies to make life easier. For lightweight APIs that don't require an ORM, I would just use flask. For frontend development I use VueJS. I'd use React otherwise. I just know Vue better. I pick the right tool for the job, with a bias towards technologies I'm familiar with. There's one important detail you forgot: server-side forms make caching more difficult. It can be a performance bottleneck. As already pointed out, dynamic parts require client-side logic. There's also quite a bit of FUD going on in that article. You can write a client-side form without loading 200kb of libraries. I write mine in vanilla JS. It really isn't that hard. They have! I contribute very sporadically, and both Commons and Wikipedia became a lot easier to work with thanks to improved tools. We have not seen the code of conduct. We can't imagine what it will be like based on two or three adjectives from this article. I moderate a small community. When we introduced new moderators, we had to formalise the unspoken rules that governed our moderation habits. Now, we follow guidelines instead of intuition. Writing things down forced us to think about our behaviour, and to discuss the flaws in our unspoken rules. It makes our behaviour more consistent, especially towards content we personally don't like. A code of conduct can be just that. A formal, consistent rulebook for a community. When I learned Vue, I just inclued the library with a script tag, and started writing plain JavaScript around it. That was about 3 years ago, and I just started using modules. Even then, I use the native browser modules, no Webpack. With HTTP2, there is little cost to requesting many small files. Likewise, I don't use a CSS preprocessor in any of my projects. They aren't that complicated. Those projects have no build process. What you write is what you run (WYWIWYR?). If the project is small enough I'll serve its root directory with Python's SimpleHttpServer. Later, I might have nginx do it. This allows me to get a project running in a minute. I add tools when they are needed, because then I have the motivation to learn them and set them up properly. Such tools are required if you must coordinate the work of multiple developers. Their cost is divided by the number of devs, and their benefits multiplied. If you're just a home gamer toying around, you can do without them. Dogfooding helps you build better tools for experts, but it doesn't help you build friendlier tools for newcomers. Those who have the power to improve the tools are well past the point where they need friendlier tools. They added a lot of WYSIWYG tools which are much better than the plain text ones. Wikimedia lets you specify licences for the files you upload, and find categories for them. In my experience, not at all. They replaced silent tracking with obnoxiously loud tracking. Extracting consent became a new art form. On allaboutberlin.com, I serve Google Fonts locally. Aside from the benefits mentioned in the article, it also makes HTTP2 server push possible. This means the font is pushed along with the page, without first having to parse the HTML and the CSS. It's significantly faster. There are fewer server round trips. The website loads from start to finish in 200ms on my end (in Berlin of course). At this point, DNS and server distancs are bigger issues than what's on the page. I find the call for system fonts rather funny, because it's such a pointless sacrifice. Another significant benefit is privacy. I don't like sending visitor information to third parties. I removed Google Fonts requests, and I'm working on removing Analytics. Once this is done, there won't be any third party requests on the page. Just HTTP2 Server Pushing a smaller set of fonts will do the job. I have a website with 6 font variants that loads in 200ms. It loads even faster once the fonts are cached. That's also my experience. My self-hosted, cached, server-pushed fonts keep the total load time well under 500 milliseconds. I load 2 fonts in a total of 6 variants. The 100kb responsive header is a much bigger bottleneck. You can achieve much bigger savings with proper caching, gzipping, a fast server and a lightweight page than with system fonts. Sometimes you need a one-way mode of transportation. They are great for that. Hook, line and sinker This always reminds me of the passage about the bank in Grapes of Wrath. > Some of the owner men were kind because they hated what they had to do, and some of them were angry because they hated to be cruel, and some of them were cold because they had long ago found that one could not be an owner unless one were cold. And all of them were caught in something larger than themselves. Some of them hated the mathematics that drove them, and some were afraid, and some worshiped the mathematics because it provided a refuge from thought and from feeling. If a bank or a finance company owned the land, the owner man said, The Bank- or the Company- needs- wants- insists- must have- as though the Bank or the Company were a monster, with thought and feeling, which had ensnared them. These last would take no responsibility for the banks or the companies because they were men and slaves, while the banks were machines and masters all at the same time. Some of the owner men were a little proud to be slaves to such cold and powerful masters. The owner men sat in the cars and explained. You know the land is poor. You've scrabbled at it long enough, God knows. http://www.polkagris.nu/wiki/Steinbeck,_John:_Grapes_of_Wrat... This was my experience with my photo collection. I pretty much abandoned Lightroom because Google lets me type "pug" in the search box and find all of my pug pictures. It also holds my pictures and their metadata hostage but that's another story. The fonts on my site weight about 50 kb. I don't think it will make such a big difference. I know the NATO phonetic alphabet, but still don't use it. It confuses the hell out of people, especially in other languages. I also tend to forget letters, leading to something like "bravo uniform xylophone" I follow similar practices on my website. I help people settle in Germany. Since I can't assume people are native English speakers, I use simple english. It's surprisingly hard. When I revisit old guides, I can notice how much I have learned. Struggling with German helped me become better at writing for those who struggle with English. I use Hemingway to spot long sentences, difficult words and other problems. I also use text formatting and typography to great effect. It makes the text easier to skim if you just need a specific piece of information. Here are some of the things I learned: * Put the short answer at the start, and highlight it. I try to make my content the opposite of clickbait. * Use short, unambiguous sentences. Let readers catch their breath. Don't write sentences like Tarantino writes stories. * Avoid idioms and expressions as much as possible. * Use can/should/must exclusively. I can name them, but perhaps not out of blue during a phone call. It's stored deep in the back, along with the position of stars and the lyrics of Disney songs. That was a good article. It answered the question in the title in plain English, without taking any unnecessary detours. It was prefaced by a clear GDPR notice that let me access the website without any fuss. I wish the internet was always like that. I haven't looked at personal website analytics for years. I left them out of my current blog redesign. Like you, I don't maintain this blog for the fame and glory. However, I depend on analytics for my monetised website. I depend on that website to make rent. I'd still like to find a less invasive solution. Logs are missing some information I occasionally need to make decisions: - Browser and screen resolution - Time on page - Tracking of on-page events I'd still prefer Fathom because the data isn't fed into Google's fine-tuned tracking machine. Even if it's not a perfect solution, it's likely better than Analytics in that regard That's still a lot. The longest pages on my website download around 200kb of data. 1.5MB is a lot of data for text-based information. Of course, some space should be left for enhancing the text with images, but the Wired front page doesn't have that many of those. Google also considers page and domain authority, which your website likely doesn't have. Every website is different, but if a single bot is bringing your website to a crawl, you should probably start caching a few things and working on performance. Another benefit of smartphones is that photos are geotagged, processed, and backed up automatically. This is a pretty big deal if you travel for more than a few days. My humble RX100 took objectively better pictures than my Samsung S9, but not enough to justify the extra weight, and the extra logistics. When my RX100 broke, I did not replace it. I also had larger cameras. They made photography the main activity whenever I brought them with me. I rarely took them with me. Startup time: my phone is right here in my pocket. My camera is in my backpack. I missed on many good shots because I couldn't be arsed to fish it out of here. Compared to the cost of bodies and glass, I'd say it's not so bad. You could do this with nginx for sure. I don't know what the impact on performance would be. Yes, but the data is used by you and only you. It's not shared with Google. It's not merged with data from other sites and used against your users. The collected data is under your control, and it's used solely for its intended purpose. All of this is fun. Sometimes I feel like writing, and sometimes I feel like messing with the website or the server it runs on. These tasks scratch different itches. In either case, I have all the time in the world. I'm not maximizing for engagement. I'm just having fun, and I'm learning something along the way. People make chairs with expensive tools in expensive workshops. They could just drive out and buy one, but they're not trying to disrupt the sitting industry. They just enjoy the process of making chairs. My smartphone depreciates faster in value, but I use it several hours a day, every day. The price-per-use is much lower than for any camera I've ever owned. It's easier to justify the expense. Moreover, $1000 will get you a flagship phone, but at best a mid-level camera and lens. You'll get a vastly better camera, no doubts, but you'll only get a camera. I run a fairly simple website supported by donations and affiliate income. Even then, Analytics offers more than view counts. Here are a few questions it can answer for me: - Is supporting IE11 financially justified? - Which articles generate the most income, and why? - Which components are useful, and which are just noise? - Where are my visitors from? (it affects how I can help them) > Server logs can tell you that. They can't tell me how much money those users actually bring me. 70% of my content is not monetised. > Your affiliate partner will tell you which links bring what income My affiliate partners go from Amazon to people who fax things around. Their data is not always accurate or complete, if they gather it at all. I used Google Analytics to spot many such problems in the past. > the forms would also generate log entries That would just confirm that a form was submitted. It won't tell me on which pages it performs poorly. It won't tell me that people opened a collapsible, but didn't like its contents. > Server logs and GeoIP The point isn't just to know where users come from, but how to better serve them. Server logs won't answer questions like "are there enough non-EU, Spanish-speaking visitors to warrant translating this page?" > I see nothing here It might have something to do with myopia. Your judgements are based on inaccurate preconceptions of how websites operate. > I'm sure self-hosted analytics tools like Matomo (formerly Piwik) can do this out of the box. Yes, absolutely. I'm looking to switch to it already. I have the same concerns as you about Google, and I'm eager to get them off my website. For the record, your points are all valid. They just fail to account for some of my needs. The current answers are simply wrong. I describe German bureaucracy for a living. Here's a free sample: it's slow and inconvenient. Distributing part of the process to photo booths means you can show up, hand your documents and leave. This is already more than most locations can handle. Adding to their burden won't help. As someone else pointed out, some processes can be done by mail. Driving all the way to Berlin to sort out paperwork would put rural communities at a disadvantage. They try to adhere to the rules. In practice, there is a lot of variance within a single building. For instance, my friend managed to do something by email. The same day, I got an answer from the same office confirming that it was impossible. I spent months documenting the freelance visa application process, and worked with several relocation consultants to document it. A person I helped got a 3 year visa on the same day. It took me 2 months to get a 2 year visa, even though I coached him and had a far simpler case. I have a copy of their process bible, a 1000 page PDF in thick German. I can assure you that they don't follow what's in it. I still take most of my notes in Google Keep. I can type faster than I can write. My notes are always on the cloud, searchable and editable from any device. I also created Markdown Notes a few years ago, but haven't used it much after university. I still use paper for disorganised thoughts, doodles and short-lived notes, but digital notes are hard to beat for everything else. Unfortunately not. "The Amt Before Time" never got picked up by the BBC, and without Attenborough, it just wasn't worth it. I maintain All About Berlin. It's a collection of guides for settling in Berlin/Germany. It's basically a list of things I wish people explained to me. The process for transferring a vehicle or registering your address is hardly more satisfying. They're all equally unreliable and complicated. Lightroom can do that for you See here: https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/anmeldung-in-english-berli... It shouldn't have to be a 3 page guide, but there's enough variation in the process to warrant it. 5 years ago, just getting an appointment was an adventure. This sums up why I like Kanban. The TODO column is an ordered list of things to do. The job of the developer is to pick tasks from the top and move them towards the right. The task of management is to keep the TODO column sorted, and prevent tickets from being stuck in any other column. The task of management is aided by limits on how many items each column contains. Those limits are based on how many things people can realistically do at once. In my experience, it worked better with Kanban. The "top ticket first" approach forced us to improve knowledge sharing in the team. In practice, you can pick the second topmost ticket if it doesn't affect the schedule. You're a grown up. The tickets you work on should not be based on your feelings, but on actual priority. In practice, if you feel like it won't affect the schedule, go for it. You're a grown up. In my experience, panic shifting is more manageable with Kanban. Tickets aren't given arbitrary deadlines, so shifting them around doesn't change the order of work, but not the intensity of work. Bringing one ticket up pushes every other ticket down. Nothing gets squeezed into the sprint. As for interruptions, it's a matter of urgency. Usually, Kanban dictates what you do next, not right now. There's also a limit on how many tickets you can have in progress. In practice, it's up to you to decide if a task is urgent enough to interrupt your work. You're a grown up. It's my full time job, and I agree. However keeping Jira in line with reality helps me catch inconsistencies in requirements and plans. They are sorted according to the project roadmap, usually by a person who understands business requirements, and a person who understands reality. In my experience, it's usually done in a weekly meeting that involves a small subset of the team. We don't need to estimate tasks. We only need to know their logical order (dependencies) and priority (requirements). We don't need the whole team present for that. If the requirements or reality change during the week, there is no cost to reordering the todo column. It doesn't change how much gets done, just in which order it gets done. That would be me. My job is to clarify requirements, gather assets and prepare tasks so that tickets spend less time in progress. This involves adding a triage column before the todo column. This column is for tickets that are necessary, but not prioritised or ready to work on. Why should they have to find a solution? If I find a bug, I open a ticket and let the next available person take care of it. Likewise I bring up process issues before looking for a solution, because I don't have a full view of the problem. I discuss it with the team first. Defining the problem and the solution are two distinct steps. Otherwise you might get invested in a solution that doesn't fully match the problem. What is your internet experience like in general? How often do you encounter road blocks on sites that shouldn't require JavaScript to function? This page is blocked in Europe - There should be only one way to build, test and deploy the project. It should be as simple as possible. - Every environment should be as close to the production environment as possible. The local and staging data should closely match production data. - Easy mistakes should be prevented by automation. Commit hooks, linters and other tools should maintain quality at a low cost. Generally, it's all about reducing friction and preventing human error where it's cheap to do so. The packages aren't directly installed by you. They're installed as dependencies of the frameworks you use. You can build simple things that work forever (or as long as the underlying platform remains backward compatible). It's just rather costly, and most software isn't important enough for that. As the owner of a 40 year old motorcycle, I can assure you that such things also need a lot of maintenance, using increasingly rare parts. Leave it sit for too long and you need to clean the carbs. Even my 2 year old motorcycle needs new oil, brake fluid, tires, brake pads and clutch cables, not to mention insurance, plates and a biannual inspection. Keeping those things on the road is an active job. Of course, objects with few moving parts and no external dependencies will last longer. What is bad about it? I'm still on Mojave It's a very long read, but it's worth it. This post gave me a lot to chew on. I see things a bit differently. Being on the dance floor brings me happiness. Wooing the people on the sidelines brings me nothing at all. I tried to appeal to everyone. It made me miserable and boring. I'd rather market myself to my target demographic. "wooing", not "booing" https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=wooing Some cookies are actually needed Are you Rick Sanchez? I moved to another country some time ago. To me, it was difficult. Starting your social life from scratch is difficult. Learning a new culture, a new language and a new bureaucracy is difficult. Buying everything again is difficult. Upping the difficulty level doesn't solve your procrastination problem, it exacerbates it. To me, this sounds more like running away from your problems than solving them. Try reducing the scope of your projects, so that you can ride on your impulses. I find it a lot easier to maintain something I use than a half-completed project, so I try to get there as soon as possible. It worked really well for me. Does it solve a problem you have? My longest-running projects are all in active use. I maintain them because they are useful to me, and update them to fit my needs. It's a lot harder to maintain something for an imaginary customer. Even if people lived no longer than before, the cost of education and healthcare will keep rising, and there's seemingly nothing we can do about it. https://slatestarcodex.com/2017/02/09/considerations-on-cost... > The company refused to hand over encryption keys, arguing that it would violate users’ rights to privacy and would not help weed out terrorists. Take note on how it feels to read this line when it's about a country that isn't yours. When the United States pushes the same argument, the rest of the world's privacy is at risk. This is why European governments increasingly try to keep their data on European soil, and to trust businesses bound to EU laws. I think we have far more quality content than ever before. YouTube is a goldmine of high quality content, and so are the other publishing platforms. The signal to noise ratio might have gotten worse, and discovery might be flawed, but the absolute quantity of quality content has never been higher. I'm not American, so I might get American political culture wrong. Wouldn't this transfer a lot of power from the states to the federal government? Isn't that considered a bad thing? What would that say about obesity in Canada? In my limited experience, there is no such shaming going on in Germany. Perhaps people move around more, and drive around less? Perhaps it's related to how food is regulated? This is not the case anymore. You must pass the test in the country where you reside. As for scooters... they're stupidly easy to ride, amd hardly faster than a bicycle which requires no safety equipment or training. Cyclists in Berlin are a greater danger to themselves in my opinion. Some aren't familiar with EU road rules. I wasn't until I got my licence. Fun fact: they actually replaced my Canadian licence with a German one without any tests. I didn't even know what the yellow diamond sign meant. It's a good thing I started over with my motorcycle licence. On Mac: Fn + left On iOS: double-tap the top bar On Windows: use the home key On Android: swipe your thumb a dozen times really quickly This is exactly how websites should be. It loads astonishingly fast, page after page, and there is nothing between me and the information. I built my website the same way, and spent a lot of time shaving milliseconds off and optimising readability. I wanted to create the same sort of smooth, bullsh-- free experience. I was just discussing this with a friend of mine. I only need one or two of each cable type, and one or two wall plugs. I don't need every device to come with an extra cable. It's wasteful. Given the increasingly small number of different cables, I'd be fine with buying my own every few years. On the other hand, I always have my full book collection with me on my phone. This is priceless, especially if you travel a lot. As for DRM... Well I lost my entire collection because I moved abroad, and many of the books I love aren't available here. I just resorted to piracy. I never struggled to use an e-book again. I disagree with the risk-taking part. Our system is built on predictability. You can trust things to work a certain way, and you can build on top of that. A predictable world affords you tighter tolerances and fewer verifications. This allows you to spend your risk tokens on what you build, and not on compensating for the shaky foundation. I crossed central asia alone on a motorcycle. I couldn't trust the drivers, the police, the food, the water, the border guards, the petrol, the exchange rates, or anything else really. It was very stressful. You couldn't possibly build great things on such a shaky foundation. This is because your parents were subsidizing that wage by covering your expenses The cost of labour in Tunisia is not comparable. The environmental impact is also an issue. Capacity is also an issue. I have done the same. I only follow people I could have a beer with. I have reached the end of my feed so many times. Now there are maybe 1-5 new posts a day. Nobody uses Facebook anymore. Gmail let's you add tags to your email like firstnamelastname+linkedin@gmail.com. This is really useful for such purposes. A cookie banner without any opt-out covered by a newsletter prompt. I can't see the article and I can't be bothered to try. I am not in the market for a car, but I don't think I'd ever want to buy a vehicle I don't fully own. Cars last for decades. That's a lot longer than short-lived technologies and standards, and especially online services. Fortunately, this trend hasn't quite reached the motorcycle world yet, but I know KTM charges you to enable "rally mode" on your motorcycle. I sometimes wonder what we will really own in 10 years. The operating system on my phone and laptop are already taking worrying liberties. Add to that all kinds of affiliate marketing being passed off as legitimate recommendations. This comment was sponsored by Skillshare > which only has one correct way to render A website can be rendered at different resolutions, with or without stylesheets, in dark mode, in printer-friendly formats, in a text-like format, with user stylesheets, with some elements hidden, as plain text, etc. Is the book any good? I loved Snow Crash and especially Cryptonomicon. This is a great-looking website. It made reading this article a delight. It's a great choice of fonts and spacing that's very pleasing to the eye. That's incorrect. German health insurance is not tied to your employer. Losing your job has no impact on your coverage, and your employer has no say on how you are insured. If you are curious about how German health insurance works, I wrote a long, detailed, thoroughly verified guide about it for expats. It's a good intro to the system. https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/german-health-insurance Fair point. This is a blind spot in my research, and I will amend the article when I find the time. They at least deserve a mention. There are no notable differences: same price, same coverage, and no particular gotchas. That being said, I can't think of a scenario where you'd want to keep a specific job for health insurance reasons. In that sense, your health insurance is not tied to your job. If you were with a BKK, you'd fall back into the public system, which should provide equivalent coverage. I am in the same boat. I noticed that mindless browsing is a form of procrastination. The small trickle of dopamine from mindless browsing prevents me from starting more rewarding activities. I learned two things: don't use your computer without a purpose, and turn it off when your task is done. Computers make you fine with being bored. I found that just shutting the computer off and doing nothing for a few minutes is enough to spur me into action. The first step is to catch yourself browsing mindlessly, and stepping away from the computer. Sometimes, I'll get busy with other things and spend days away from the computer. I'm always surprised by how few messages and notifications I missed. Google Keep It's simple, searchable and synchronised across devices. Recipes are a simple, text-based format. I don't need any fancy way to store them. Essential workers are not scarce. You need someone to do the job, but there is no shortage of qualified candidates. Hiring and training them is not a huge investment, and they are somewhat fungible. A department store could replace its entire staff within a week or two with no dip in productivity. On the other hand, a few disgruntled knowledge workers can send a company into a death spiral if enough of them quit at once. I guess companies don't care so much about their labourers, because there's an unlimited supply of them. Their skilled workers are perceived as an investment, because they're expensive to replace and shape the direction a company takes. I certainly felt like my programming jobs were bullshit at times. I've worked on tiny, abstract parts of gigantic businesses, and had long meetings to discuss even tinier aspects of that work, only for the department to be axed or the project shelved. Now I run a website that tells people how to solve problems that are important to them. I find it a lot more rewarding. When I was working retail (in consumer electronics), this was not the case. I was replaced quickly and effortlessly. My resignation wasn't the mic drop I thought it would be. They don't need experts. They pay minimum wage. They need people to push extended warranties. That's true. I guess I was just thinking about specific people and answered to that. It's not. I accidentally implied that, but that wasn't my intention. It's not equivalent, but I am certainly wary of having my data handled by US companies that aren't big enough to be scared of GDPR. My phone number and email address spread to many more American marketing lists than European ones, even though I rarely visit. Many of my Facebook ads result from my yearly visit to American cities. I just can't trust American businesses to use my data for the intended purpose only. This is fine by me. I am glad to let the Americans pay the price and reap the benefits. I value different things. The large companies react to GDPR. Europe has already shown that it's willing to go after Google, Apple and others. It's the small companies that fall in the cracks that worry me. If I can't opt out in two clicks, I leave the website and click the next search result. I run a blog. It has Google Analytics. I could probably host my own analytics solution, but that's not easy. I'll get to it eventually, but content benefits my users more. I need analytics because this blog pays the bills. I need to see what works and what doesn't. When building partnerships, I'm usually expected to share some numbers with them. It also lets me spot issues with the website. Yes, that would be far more than I need. That's the problem, actually. I could track a fraction of that and be really happy. I tried Plausible today, but their event handling is completely insufficient for my needs. It's basically a key-based counter. The keys have to be created in advance, and can't be categorised. This means I couldn't track outbound clicks without first creating a new event for every known URL on my website. It just doesn't work. It's a shame, because I loved every other aspect of Plausible. I try to release early because it's a lot easier to prioritise issues on something that's live. I find the motivation to update a live product a lot easier to find. It's also a lot easier to improve a product I use than one I'm just running locally. It also gives the website some time to rank in the search engines. I find that an early release forces me to align the following updates with what I actually need the product to do. Do you have any other tips? I'd love to make my website more accessible, but never really spent much time reading about it. It's allaboutberlin.com. This is also how I use Urban Dictionary. Removing words that are in use would not do much to fight racism, but it would degrade the quality of the dictionary. On the other hand, some definitions ought to be reviewed to take the racist edge off it. Many definitions are half definition, half rant against something. I've been using git for a decade, and I still have to Google simple tasks. The answers rarely make sense. Unless you need any sort of traceability, discussion with other stakeholders, support for remote employees or resiliency against a gust of wind. That's excellent advice. I can see how demoralizing it could be to work on something you've already demoed. And yet somehow, the top-ranking results for everything seems to be spam that breaks all the rules. I'm constantly disappointed by how ad-infested the search results are. It's really hard to get a direct answer nowadays. I had a motorcycle accident in Tajikistan. No insurance. It just doesn't exist there. Different country, but similar situation. I was debating getting rid of the motorcycle vs fixing it and going home. The latter isn't so easy when you are this far. The former would incur a 800€ import fee (on a heavily damaged 6000€ bike). The process was far from simple and involved greasing a few hands. This process is documented by Mongol Rally participants who had to pay similar fees for 500€ cars. In the end I limped to Kazakhstan, got the bike hastily fixed and rode back to Germany. 20000 km later it's mostly fixed and it runs fine. Most importantly, I didn't get hurt. > the cancel culture in the West Is it really in the West, or just in the United States? Perhaps I'm just not paying attention, but I don't recall anything similar happening in my country. At least it definitely doesn't seem to have the same importance. Personally, I prefer a good ol' CMS. I manage my website by visiting a URL. I edit the content in a WYSIWYG editor, and it goes live when I press "Save". I don't need to install anything on my machine to write new content. With a properly set up cache, your website will be serving static files anyway. Everyone says they'd do that, but I find really hard to believe. I create rare, valuable information that saves people money and headaches. On a good month, 2% of my revenue will come from donations. Usually, it's 0%. At best, it pays for a meal and a beer. This website has 135k page views per month. If that's how much I get from teaching people how to navigate German bureaucracy, I doubt you'll make anything from your opinions alone. I can. It's how I pay the bills. I insist on keeping the content unconditionally free, and donations don't work, but affiliate marketing does. I help people navigate certain boring purchases, so it lends itself to that sort of monetisation. I'd be recommending those products and services anyway. Unfortunately, it incentivizes dishonest recommendations and passing ads as content. I chose not to do that, but I know I'd get paid more to recommend the wrong things. Since it's blended into the content, you'd be abusing people's trust in your content. At least banner ads were separate from the text. I do not offer services either. My goal was to help as many people as possible, and that would go against it. Information should be free, especially when poor people need it the most. I also want the website to run itself. If I wanted to be on the computer full time, I'd just get a job. You are an exception. If one in 83 unique visitors donated I'd be well off, but it's not the case. I'm a bit tired of people pretending the internet could survive on donations and micropayments. Affiliate marketing works well for my niche. I wanted to start similar sites about other topics, but if those don't naturally lead to certain purchases, they're extremely hard to effectively monetise. It's not a bad idea. I am personally against it for my website in particular though. I insist on keeping everything on it open and free. Immigration advice should help everyone, not just developers with a generous relocation bonus. I'd much rather invest the effort into making the content more navigable/discoverable. This is actually what I'm working on right now. Again though, this is just personal preference for this specific website. Selling packaged information could work. I did buy a motorcycle travel book that was a rehash of the author's YouTube channel. I started writing a reference for long distance motorcycle travel, and that's how I intend to distribute it. I don't expect to make anything from it, but the more linear, prosaic format would fit nicely on a Kindle screen. The website mentioned above is more of a "visit it when you need it" resource. It's painfully boring to read, as it's written like a plain English instruction manual. It wouldn't be an interesting book. That's another pattern I really dislike, and deliberately avoid. I don't want to use my content as a bargaining chip to collect emails or what-have-you. I have that luxury because my topic is easily monetised. Most content creators don't. In general, the internet got incredibly annoying, but I can understand why. Part of it is because we feel entitled to free content. There are few business models that allow people to be rewarded for their work while still offering a product for free. It usually involves selling something the user's data or attention. I use Nextcloud. It's not great. At least, it's not anywhere as good as the Google Suite. They seem to try to make the list of features as long as possible, but show little interest in making any of them work well or reliably. The install was messy. Getting photo synchronisation to work with Android was a lot of trouble. Updates simply don't work. It's slow. A month later, I don't trust it enough to solely use it. > Often for them, it is not achieving something amazing like a long bicycle trip, or summiting a mountain that brings them joy, but they are thinking about the resulting Instagram photos instead. This reflects my experience. When you have an audience, you have a certain pressure to perform. You subconsciously start framing everything in terms of potential likes. Having fun isn't enough, you have to prove it. Checking in can easily become more important than being there. I don't post much anymore. My profiles are all private. I do not turn moments into content. I just try to enjoy being there. It certainly improved my experience. People vastly underestimate how hard it is to do anything without capital/savings. If you are one missed paycheque from going hungry, you can't afford any risks. No going back to school, no going freelance, no interviewing, no investing in anything. You can't afford the means to make money, whether it's a car, a computer or nice clothes. You can't afford them breaking down, but you also can't afford maintaining them. The missed opportunities add up over time. Grapes of Wrath is an excellent book that drives this point home really well. It hurts to read at times. 3 times? How so? It depends on what you're after. Most of the time, I'm here for the text. I really appreciate straight answers in legible fonts. They're a rarity in the age of SEO-optimised, engagement-obsessed websites. In that sense, I'm happy with platforms that standardise the experience. It's just unfortunate when those platforms add their own layer of annoyances in the name of growth. Some things are acceptable in California, but are not elsewhere. Some things are unacceptable in California, but are elsewhere. For instance, Germans have a vastly different cultural and legal stance on when it's acceptable to film strangers. The same can be said about nudity, free speech, borders, and perception of historical events. Globalist is a misnomer. It's US-centric. The call on what is acceptable shouldn't be left to a somewhat homogenous group of Californian middle-class employees. Not in Berlin. It's tax free after a few years only, to prevent people from flipping houses. Also capital gains tax is around 26% (incl. solidarity surcharge), if it hasn't changed. However there are other scary things about house ownership in Germany. For example being liable for street work in front of your house for the first few decades. The city can decide to repave the street and stick residents with the bill. I don't think they need help to collect such material when it's readily available on the internet What if it normalises the fetish?could you still argue that it reduces harm? Whose face? The same can be said about fixing vehicles. I am humbled by the body of knowledge needed, especially when things go wrong. A website should communicate its purpose in a few seconds. This website does not. tl;dr: "Alt text is important for people with disabilities. Treat it like poetry if it makes you pay more attention to it." Yes, German streets are quite dark. Some villages even close the lights at midnight. Or when wearing a helmet I spent a decent amount of time making my website how I want the web to be: fast, straightforward and unintrusive. Making it fast was pretty easy. Remove anything that isn't directly helping the user, compress and cache everything else, and use HTTP2 Server Push for essential resources. There were other optimisations, but that took me below the 500ms mark. At ~300ms, it starts feeling like clicking through an app - instant. (it's https://allaboutberlin.com ) However, there's no point in serving slimy GDPR notices, newsletter prompts and SEO filler text at lightning speed. Those add a lot more friction than an extra 500ms of load time. Yes, a lot of people are browsing in less-than-ideal conditions. Many apps fall on their face when you try to use them on a German train with spotty reception. I disabled comments on my websites and it made me a happier person. The other things you name are present on my other website (which I linked above). The site is still blazing fast. https://nicolasbouliane.com/blog/no-comments-on-website > The concern stems from the data that TikTok and WeChat collects on their US users, as well as the perceived inability of Chinese companies like ByteDance and TenCent to reject requests from China's ruling Communist Party (CCP) access that data Isn't this exactly what US companies have been doing to their users? Isn't it also what the US government has been trying to achieve for years? As a European user, it looks as if the pot is calling the kettle black. Isn't this exactly what US companies do, and what the US government wants to do? > Shit, I’m never going to write if I have to fire up my code editor each time. This is the most important part. I edit my site by typing in a WYSIWYG editor and hitting the save button. It works on any Internet-connected computer I can get my hands on, without installing any software. The line next to my name, and the first line on my profile are "Not looking for work". I still get spam. I have done it in Germany. I had to register my website as a business, and documented how to do it on that same website. Honestly, it wasn't so hard, and I can honestly say that I made it a little easier. The hardest part was taxes, and the honest solution is "hire a tax advisor, pay 300€ a year, be done with it". The biggest problem for me is the cost of health insurance. As a self-employed person, you pay double. I pay 850€ a month in health insurance, and 550€ a month in rent. The fix is to switch to private health insurance, but that has its own caveats. Here's an overview of what must be done: https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/start-a-business-in-german... https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/become-a-freelancer-in-ger... I think it's also a consequence of developers just getting bored. I don't care so much about my resume, but I'm always eager to try new things. You pay twice as much as regular employees, whose employers cover half of it. It's not an accounting trick, since the half the employer pays is not included in your net income. The same applies to public pension payments, although freelancers can opt out of them. For those who are curious, I wrote a plain English introduction to German health insurance: https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/german-health-insurance There are dead spots even in Berlin proper. I had more reliable signal in developing countries than in Germany. Caring, however, does have a cost. Not every website owner knows how to create lean, efficient websites. University also taught me that some people are genuinely better than me. I'm a much happier person since I learned to let it be so. I write technical guides for people who are not native speakers. Using simple vocabulary is easy, but using simple grammar is not. Here's a recent article I wrote. It should give you an idea of what I mean: https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/car-insurance-germany There are a few things I would add to this: --- ▶ Your readers are here for information, not entertainment. Get to the point. ▶ If a paragraph answers a question, the first sentence should be the tl;dr. Highlight it if necessary. [1] ▶ Use formatting to make skimming easier. Users don't read documents from start to finish. They are looking for specific answers. [2] I spent a lot of time tweaking my website to be more readable. ▶ Use can (optional), should (recommended) and must (mandatory) consistently. "It's ill-advised to do this, because ..." >>> "You should not do this, because ...". ▶ Avoid run-on sentences. Generally, that means maximum one comma per sentence. ▶ Start with the "if" part of the sentence: "If you are over 60, you are not eligible". It lets people skip sentences that don't concern them. ▶ Avoid expressions and idioms as much as possible. "If you're feeling under the weather, stay home" >>> "If you don't feel well, stay home". ▶ Avoid ambiguity between sentences: "The cat sits in the house. It is old." >>> "The old cat sits in the house". ▶ Use commas generously. It makes sentences easier to digest. I'm a big fan of the Oxford comma. ▶ Use Hemingway [3] to catch some of those mistakes --- In other words, DON'T BE CLEVER. It feels a lot like writing software that will be maintained by novice programmers. Simple language is really important, especially if you deal with the general population. Some people don't read well. Some people don't speak English well. Some topics are confusing enough on their own. [1] https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/anmeldung-in-english-berli... [2] https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/how-to-get-a-german-freela... [3] http://www.hemingwayapp.com/ Don't make your readers hold parts of the sentence in their head. Reorder or split sentences until it can be avoided. In other words, use a really small buffer. "You must fill form 331 unless you are over 60 years old, in which case you must fill form 445." "You must fill form 331. If you are over 60 years old, you must fill 445 instead." "If you are over 60 years old, you must fill form 445. Otherwise, you must fill form 331." You might have noticed that the last version is an if-else statement. http://www.hemingwayapp.com/ You must also consider people who are not native speakers. I'm sometimes appalled by the complexity of the letters I get in Germany, especially when they are related to immigration. I disagree. Putting the "if" clause first means you can skip this sentence. In other words, the if-sentences are guard clauses to the default option (fill form 331). In other words, it's not really an if-else block, but just an if statement before the default scenario. Almost everyone has to fill form 331. I think the sentence structure you suggest would quickly make a longer text tedious to read. I have experimented with that sentence format, and it added a lot of text, but not a lot of clarity. I also think that putting the if statement at the end makes little sense, just like when reading code. This is how I felt while reading philosophy essays. I'm not even sure half of those are even saying anything. I was just thinking about German the whole time. I knew a German to Polish translator and she complained about how hard live translation was when a key part of the sentence is held until the very end. I'm in my late twenties and sometimes I need to pause, a bit like dealing with left/right or east/west. That works for forms. I write static content. I did start adding little calculators and utilities in my articles, but those only make sense because I have a lot of free time. I heavily cite sources, so at least you'd know the exact paragraph in the law that supports it. It's something my competitors neglect, and it makes it hard to tell facts apart from hearsay. There is a place and a time for culture. Your electric bill is not one of them. I disagree with your last paragraph. Speaking clearly and decisively is a good thing, and people will usually appreciate it. People become famous for speaking clearly. I remember some general made the rounds for his plain, no-nonsense COVID-19 address. I wish I could find it again. I can only think of this scene right now. https://youtu.be/Hhy7JUinlu0 It's not about dumbing things down, since you convey the same information and solve the same problems, just more efficiently. It's about being understood by the users you are meant to serve. It still requires a fairly large buffer. It could be improved with some punctuation. A prime number is a natural number that is greater than 1, and not a product of two smaller numbers. Commas let you catch your breath and flush the buffer. When there are two many commas, I use a bullet list. > For example, readers tend to latch onto the last part of a sentence. Everything before "but" is often bullshit. "I'm not racist, but". "No offense, but". It depends on what you need to achieve. Les Cowboys Fringants display the full colours of Canadian french in their songs, but they're creating art. The government needs to tell people of all backgrounds that they must do something or face serious consequences. They are not creating art, but communicating important information to busy, confused people. The ones from German bureaucrats are simply horrible. In the end, you have to adapt your speech to your audience. If you address the members of a club, you can speak their language. When the club is 300+ million strong, you might have to pick a broader tone. Having committed to free software to solve a few problems, I'd say it's not all that rosy either. I wouldn't say I have much more control over the open source software I use. I spent more time fighting desktop Linux than I did fighting Mac OS. I spent hours setting up self-hosted software that's more often than not just passable. Now I control the data, but I'm also responsible for it. I have to worry about updates, backups, migrations and so on. If I measure how much effort I put into maintaining open source systems vs how many times I've been screwed by commercial software, I'd say both sides are worth considering. Based on my limited observation as a layman, it seems to encourage reckless investments in ideas that seemingly don't work. How many more 100 million quid bike rental schemes does the world need? Why does it suggest that? At least you're not spending time in meetings! I used to be a software engineer. Now I run a website. I still work behind a computer, but I work a lot less overall. This leaves a lot of time for other activities. All you have to do is somehow launch a website that makes enough money to support you, which is about as easy as winning the lottery. You could also teach what you know or sell software. I don't care about electric cars, but I care about electric motorcycles. As a long range traveler, there are a few issues that are left unaddressed: * My bike has a 500 kilometre range, which is about the maximum I'll ride in a day. Electric bikes have a smaller range than what I usually cover in a day. On the highway, the range drops so much that I'd need to take an extended lunch to finish my journey. * I can extend my range by 200-300km by carrying extra fuel. This is not possible with electric cars. * I can fuel up in 5 minutes. Refuelling does not dictate my schedule. * I don't need to find a gas station that's within walking distance of my hotel (I have two heavy boxes to schlep around). Refuelling does not dictate where I can sleep. * If I run out of fuel, I can ask someone to bring some from a gas station. I don't need to tow the car. * I can't begin to imagine the logistics of finding a convenient power outlet everywhere I stop. What exactly? Solar panels can barely charge my phone. How is it supposed to charge a 15 kWh battery before I starve in the middle of nowhere? Even with a power socket, it takes 5-9 hours to charge an electric bike. That's a very common setup in Europe and in central Asia. LPG tanks in cars are a nice way to save money on gas. They're ubiquitous in Uzbekistan. 300 kilometres is a standard driving day on backroads, accounting for lunch and breaks. 500 kilometres is a sustainable maximum for highway driving. I only do the latter when I really have to. On long trips I estimate 200 kilometres a day, or 2 days on, 1 day off. With a comfortable motorcycle this is perfectly reasonable. I have a 2017 V-Strom 650 and it's perfectly suitable for the task. Looking at certain sites just becomes a muscle reflex. The second I'm bored, I feel the urge to look at my phone. If you have a large enough rotation of websites, you never feel properly bored, so you can spend the entire day mindlessly browsing. I think it's easy to tell whether you're browsing with intent or just killing time. It's just hard to close the lid and go do something else, especially if you've been doing it for so long that you forgot what "something else" is. I have the opposite experience. I can recall discussions I've read months or years ago. In aggregate, it added a bit of depth to my perception of the world. They gave me a lot more vocabulary to process the world around me, as do good books. It's missing the greatest of infographics, by Minard. It's a clever representation of the Grande Armée's campaign in Russia, describing time, battles, temperature and casualties on a single graph. https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Joseph_Minard#/media... As a consumer, apps are a privacy concern. Firefox lets me tightly control what websites do, but apps can silently track me. They also often use notifications to increase engagement. Apps often benefit the makers more than the users. As a maker, apps are a pain in the butt. I can get a website online in a few minutes, and it stays there forever. Every app I've made is now gone because I got tired of keeping up with app store requirements. I never made an iOS app because I won't pay 100€ for the privilege. Routine is a great counter to ADHD. On long motorcycle trips, I sleep in a different place almost every day. Routine is essential if I want to be on the saddle by 11AM and not forget anything anywhere. At home, routine ensures that the groceries and cooking are done before I get hungry and that I get 8 hours of sleep every day. When it's thrown off by jet lag or other events, I make mistakes that ripple through my day. The only risk is to get lost in routine and tune out for a large portion of your life. Life went on fast forward when I worked 40 hour weeks in a corporation. Yesterday feels exactly like 6 months ago. It was 6 months of cereals, podcasts on the train, internet arguments to kill time and Youtube nights. The days are indistinguishable. On the other hand, when I travel, I vastly overestimate how fast time goes by. Last week feels like a previous life. I always enjoy seeing honest write ups like this one. They're rather difficult to find, unlike the "entrepreneur porn" that usually gets shared. That's exactly what I was thinking about. Snowcrash was a ridiculous (but thoroughly enjoyable) novel, but it feels less and less so every year. Just getting diagnosed was worth it. I tried medication and it didn't work for me, but at least now I can explain patterns in my behaviour. Just knowing what you're dealing with is quite useful. It highlights the strengths and weaknesses you must contend with. I learned to harness my random bursts of energy, but also to control their scope. Some things that helped: progressively removing "noise" from my life, having a maximum number of "in progress" projects, committing to smaller deliverables. I host my own content. Even then, 90% of my visitors come from search engines. This is not a problem for my personal blog, but it's a problem for my other website, which is my main source of income. This is a much more serious problems in other fields, where you can only reach your crowd through YouTube or Instagram. That being said, having a crowd wasn't even a thing back then. Platforms have given immensely talented people a free soapbox to show the world all sorts of things. Anyone can share something nowadays, not only people who know HTML and a few other things. Excellent counterpoint. People forget the impressive quality of some online content now. Everyone can publish something now, not just technically inclined hobbyists. It gave us videos with insane production quality, top notch writing and larger and more diverse communities than ever before. If a few ads and annoying modals is the price to pay for free, endless quality content, so be it. It has been a few years, and despite a few attempts, I still don't really understand bitcoin. Yes yes ledgers and proof of work and yada yada, but I still don't know what I would need to do to buy something with bitcoin right now. As I understand I need to do something that's pretty much exactly like opening a bank account, but transactions take forever, they cost money, and the currency is not accepted by any business I use, unlike my free credit card. I have 55€ in my wallet and everyone on this continent knows what to do with it. > not dependent on gas stations Gas stations are much easier to find than electric plugs that are near your destination and available for a few hours. Electric cars are still very impractical if you intend to travel more than 300 kilometres from your home. A five minute pit stop is easier to organise than a full charge outside of a metropolitan area. > Unless you're getting a car specifically for road trips I do (a motorcycle, actually), but that's irrelevant here. You assume that everyone has a dedicated parking space with access to an electrical connector. This is not the reality of most city dwellers. When I travel by motorcycle, I can fuel up at any point in the trip. It's a non-event. It requires no planning. If I had to take a longer lunch in a specific town while my car is charging, I'd regret my purchase. Let's say you want to get on the Autobahn and visit your grandma for Christmas. You might need to stop because it's cold and you're driving fast. You'll have to wait 40 minutes, not 20, to add a 300km range to your car. Those are the German numbers. The Canadian winter is probably much harsher. You might have to deal with a bunch of red lights too, because those quick chargers are often in the city centres, not right next to the highway like gas stations. They can also be occupied. That's a legitimate question > You find a seller who is willing to accept the currency you're using Well that's a non-starter. If I wanted to buy a beer with bitcoin right now, I'd probably end up drinking tap water. I travel by motorcycle a lot, so I'm familiar with the routine. My level of interaction at home (Berlin) and on the road are not that different. I'm not sure if it would be much worse than staying home. As you say, gas stations (pay at the pump, or go in with a mask), hotels (mask on, often no interaction) and restaurants (yep, that one is bad). The rest would be spent on the bike. On the other hand, unlike at home, I don't meet anyone else, I don't go grocery shopping, and I don't use public transport. Of course I could also indulge in a bit of whataboutism about what the locals are up to, but I don't think it's a compelling argument. I implement a few changes wherever I work: - Commit messages must include a ticket number (or a keyword like "hotfix"). This is enforced by a commit hook that's bundled with the project. - Ticket templates that encourage clear tickets. A ticket should always explain why it must be done. It should also contain enough information for any team member to judge its priority, or start work on it. - Any relevant discussion about a ticket should be in the ticket. Just enforcing this makes a world of difference. It ties every bit of code to a justification. This way, if you decide to rewrite the project, you won't end up losing years of discussions and important lessons. You'll also have a much easier time prioritising and assigning tasks, since everyone knows what they mean. Aside from that: - My first pull request at a company is usually an update to the README file. It rarely matches how you actually use the project. - I write "recipes" for common tasks (lint, deploy, test...). This way, you know that the CI system and every developer in the team performs those tasks in the same way. You can change the recipes, but they are always called with the same command. "scripts/clear-cache" is also easier to memorise than "docker-compose exec backend rm -rf /var/cache...". - Add :party_parrot: to Slack I don't fully agree with you. Back when I worked in retail or fast food, smokers could step out for a 5 minute smoke break every once in a while. As a non-smoker, I wasn't allowed to just sit there for 5 minutes. At the end of the day, we got paid the same, but smokers got 30 minutes off, courtesy of the non-smokers who picked up the slack. Likewise, parents are excused from work because they have children. I fully appreciate the difficulty of being a parent and the necessity for those measures. I don't think we really have a choice. It's either that or we watch them slowly crack under the pressure. That being said, they chose to have children, and I chose not to. Whatever I have going on instead can't have priority over my work schedule. Whether it's a side hustle or a little league baseball team, it has to wait. To be clear, I want those parents to get the time they desperately need. However, if this arrangement is to last, then childless employees should also get time for their personal obligations, whatever they might be. The article has many pretty unambiguous quotes about it That's the argument I made above. If they get paid 100% of their salary for 80% of the output, so should everyone else. I compared it to smokers taking smoke breaks while non-smokers aren't allowed to take random 5 minute breaks. As someone who loves to cook, I don't fully agree. 60% of cooking is logistics: knowing what to eat, setting time aside for grocery shopping and meal preparation, and keeping food waste to a minimum. In my opinion, this is a lot harder than the actual cooking. If you've never done it before, it's surprisingly hard. Cooking in a well-organised, well-stocked kitchen is very different from starting with an empty pantry, blunt knives and no idea of what to do. What if "woodworking" was replaced with "volunteer firefighting"? Who hands out the licences? As I understand it, we already subsidise child-rearing through taxation. Single, childless people are taxed at a higher rate. This is fine. However, this is happening at a smaller, more arbitrary scale. It's not "I support our future through a legally defined contribution", but "my colleague is working 25% less and still gets paid the same, but I need to take PTO to get a haircut". I think it depends on how you frame it. 1. We should all get equal treatment. Parents enjoys benefits that other employees don't. Their personal life can affect their performance, but that doesn't apply to other employees. 2. We're all in this situation together. To each according to their needs, from each according to their capacity. I think both are true. This argument is made again and again in this thread, and it never got addressed. 1. There are already functional mechanisms for contribution. A single, childless person is already contributing more through their taxes. The government already heavily subsidises child-rearing. 2. Child-rearing is given an arbitrary pass that other equally charitable actions wouldn't get. A single, childless person couldn't let his commitment to Doctors Without Borders affect his work performance. 3. I'm not sure if "children are our future" is our future. This model might not be viable forever as the world population keeps growing. This is a whole other can of worms. Smoke breaks are not really an issue for white collar workers, but I don't think it invalidates the relationship between the two situations. I don't think this has to be explicitly stated. Sure, but it's fair to say that if someone has 75% availability and must miss meetings because of external events, their output is affected. Besides, I am talking about a drop in output for a given employee, so the comparison to other employees is pointless. If my productivity dropped by 25%, I'd hear about it pretty quickly, and I doubt my explanation would matter much in my performance review. Then is it cool if I skip a few meetings to volunteer to help the homeless? We already heavily subsidise child-rearing through taxes and other benefits. As I said elsewhere, there are mechanisms for supporting parents already. If you tried to let any other charitable endeavour take over your work schedule, you wouldn't expect your compensation to remain unaffected. I'm not resentful at parents. It just seems completely unfair to make childless employees subsidise this adventure, as if they didn't already do it through 40 years of tax contributions. Besides, let's not pretend that people choose to have kids as a service to humanity. I've never, ever heard anyone claim that. People have kids because they're fun, and because making them is fun. I just remember what cooking was like when I moved out of my parents' house. It was daunting at first. Just to be clear, I was just adding to the conversation. I agree with you that the transition won't tank your productivity and make you a nervous wreck. I'm not trying to move goalposts. My point is that parents get a special privilege that people with similarly charitable obligations wouldn't. If I wanted to do something undeniably good for society that is NOT rearing children, my employer wouldn't let me off the hook without a pay cut. I am well aware of that. This is precisely why I chose not have children. > you won't actually go volunteer with the homeless This was in response to the parent post: > an essential service that some people perform to ensure that society as we know it can continue to exist If this was the reason why parents get a free pass, people who provide essential services would also get to do it on their employer's dime, at the expense of their colleagues. My point across this entire comments section is that this privilege is arbitrary. A lot of people do hard work for all sorts of important reasons, but when they miss work, it gets mentioned in their performance review. That's exactly the argument I have made, but perhaps it was under a different branch. I get a bit confused by the flow of conversation on HN. You are getting hung up on arbitrary numbers in a fictitious example I agree with you. I was thinking about remote work in the long, but this was hidden in the last paragraph. > However, if this arrangement is to last, then childless employees should also get time for their personal obligations, whatever they might be. Bear what cost exactly? Great answer! I didn't know about The Population Bomb. I was more worried about climate change. As far as I know, the planet can feed a few billion extra people. > Raising a child is spending 20-40 hrs a week for 18 years [...] to create another person [...] who will spend ~40 years generating GDP and paying taxes Let's not forget that this person will eventually retire and require increasingly expensive care. That makes me curious. If the current economy can only function with a growing population, then it takes > 1 person to subsidise your upbringing/retirement. Does that mean that 1 human life costs more than the output of a human's entire life? I wrote the parent comment to flesh out my own thoughts. As I wrote it, I kept wanting to write what you put in the last paragraph. In reality, none of us work 8 hours a day, and if someone slacks off, we'll push the deadline and go home. In real reality, I'm self-employed and none of this matters. I just found that it was something interesting to discuss. Maybe? Do you get a weird feeling in your right elbow when you apply cold water to it? I love your extension Daniel. Installing Firefox Mobile, then this was a revelation. Unfortunately, it was killed by the Firefox update two weeks later. I'd extend it to pretty much every feed. It seems like whether you leave for an hour or a month, you'll have more or less the same number of notifications. I think Starbucks works for the same reason McDonalds works. Their logo is a seal of okayness that works across the globe. No matter where I am driving in Europe, I know I can step off the highway and find a McDonalds with air conditioning, food, ice cream and Wi-Fi. I know I can use their touch screen terminals and pay with my card, regardless of the local language or currency. It's a meal for when you don't want to think about having a meal. It's logistically convenient. I suspect Starbucks is the same. Given my interest in motorcycles, I'd probably be six feet under Front end web development. It's so ubiquitous I don't need to name it. https://nicolasbouliane.com I think it does matter early in your career, but later on LinkedIn and GitHub suffice. I recently rebuilt my website to be simpler, and more personal. I don't need to look for work, so I don't need an online resume. I made room for the things I do outside of work instead. Because it's a coordination problem. You can make lifestyle changes to reduce the waste and emissions you produce, but half of the people in your building can't be arsed to separate their trash. That's in Germany, where people seemingly care about the environment. Go to southern Europe and you'll see roads lined with trash. Go to Turkey and you'll undo all of your work in a week or two. It feels pointless. I'm not really up to date on what QAnon is or does, but isn't that an even worse version of the Scott Alexander case? I am not sure if exposing someone like that and sharing their home address would be legal in my country, yet it seems to frequently happen in the US. Doesn't that invite mob justice? If you put on an act to impress someone, you will have to maintain it. I also think that suppressing your quirks make you pretty bland, as if your personality was designed by committee. I found that when I am unapologetically me, I build stronger friendships with people I actually click with. I also feel more comfortable and that likely helps. To me, the MVP is the minimum demoable product. If it's running, solving a problem and getting feedback, it's viable. The idea is to get something out the door and iterating on that. That started at 0.1. There is a lot more to GDPR than cookie warnings. It ensures among other things that random companies won't get access to your data because of a purchase you made or a toll bridge you've crossed. I go to the US every 2 or 3 years for a few days, and that's enough to end up on a bunch of American marketing lists. GDPR is here to prevent things like that. It also prevents companies from holding my data hostage, and gives me a way to delete it. There are other privacy-related laws that prevent companies from publishing a mugshot of me and extorting money from me to remove it. There's more, but I think you get the point. As someone with ADHD, I really struggle with this. I spend a lot of time turning off features that were built to distract me. Notification badges, unread item counts, related content, news feeds put in places where they don't belong etc. Some simple tasks are made deliberately difficult by this. For example, why is it so hard to get just the weather, without any bullshit? I feel that on a personal level. You can stop flying, reduce your consumption, sort your trash like your life depends on it etc, only for your next door neighbour to undo all of your work. That's just in Central Europe, where people can afford to care. Go a little further out and you'll see really discouraging scenes. There are many countries where people drive the cars that failed the emissions test in Germany, with the German decals still on them. Recycling does not exist there. You can find towns by the plumes of smoke coming from their burning trash. With more and more people gaining access to a certain living standard, I feel like it's a lost battle. There will be more cars, more consumption. Combine that with the other economical ills of this world, and I really doubt any vanguard efforts will see a reward. That website was really pleasant to read on. It's a simple, straightforward design. However, the article doesn't tackle the main difficulty I have with being helpful: laziness. I really struggle to help people when typing their question in Google verbatim would lead to an excellent answer, especially so when I am the author of that answer. Another common one is questions that should be answered with a quick call to customer service. That was a tedious read. Most of the article is just filler text. There is a whole page of it before the point: give yourself 3 years. Why 3 years? Because Rome wasn't built in a day. That's pretty much all there is to it. The advice feels pretty circular. To stay motivated, do it for 3 years. If you can commit to something for 3 years, you already have the motivation. Regardless, I disagree with this advice. Give it a month, tops. If you don't enjoy the process after a month and the goal is 3 years away, you won't get there. From my experience, I stick to doing things because of the rewards along the way. After a month of playing an instrument, learning a language or trying a hobby, I will likely produce something that makes me want to keep going. It won't take 3 years. In my specific case, the questions couldn't be answered by anyone else. They have a specific issue that could only be solved by the company in question. What else can you say but "have you called customer service"? On the other hand, you might be facing an XY problem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XY_problem Sometimes it's better to question a person's motives than to hand them a shotgun to shoot themselves in the foot with. I'm not sure this is a relevant factor here. I don't think it's about the choice of words, but the choice of context. This is a professional networking website, so focus on that. People expose their LinkedIn profiles for a specific purpose, and that's networking. It's not an invitation for cold calls. Hijacking a community like this poisons the well for everyone else. When it becomes prevalent enough, women put their guard up, or avoid that community altogether. That reminds me of this SSC article: https://slatestarcodex.com/2014/04/22/right-is-the-new-left/ Long story short, people want to distance themselves from the class below them, and mimic the class above them. The strategy that emerges is to appropriate the culture of people two classes below them, because people one class below them can't. If you're rich and do poor people things, you set yourself apart from middle class people, who doesn't want to be mistaken for poor people. No one will mistake you for a poor person anyway. That's what I usually do. I have them memorised by now. It's just frustrating to put so much effort towards documenting something, and have someone casually expect you to type words into a search box for them. This extends to communities where the answer has already been provided several times. I'm using my old Thinkpad T510 as a home server. It's been running for 7+ years already. I only need to dust the vents once in a while. It has PiHole, Nextcloud, my humble little Netflix clone, and a few other things. If you use ffmpeg a lot, you ought to have more power than the RPi offers. I often SSH into it to use it as a SOCKS proxy in other countries. What an excellent pitch! It's right there at the top, and it says exactly what the app does. This is a refreshingly straightforward design. I don't find it evil. Tracking is a problem when it affects your privacy. For example when too much data is collected, or when the data is handed to third parties. If you can collect just what you need, and keep that data to yourself, I really don't mind. In this case, you measure visits anonymously without affecting the website's performance. You give me what I want without taking anything from me. I am completely fine with that. In the real world, I'd compare it to tracking how many people enter a venue, or how many beers were sold. There is no way this could be used to tell if and when I visited that venue and bought drinks. You don't need my consent to do this. It's a regular laptop fan, so it's inaudible unless ffmpeg is converting a movie. Then there's an audible hum, but it's no louder than the fridge's compressor. Sure, but after doing it for a month, you can tell whether or not you enjoy the process. You'll learn a few chords, a few sentences, some basic techniques. You'll get an idea of what the activity is like, regardless of whether you're good at it. No, you won't, but you'll get a good idea of what the activity entails. I've been learning to play the guitar for a few months, and I suck at it, but after a month I already knew that I enjoyed practicing. It's really hard to miss my website or those of my competitors. No matter which combination of keywords you use, you'll find an existing answer for some questions. Does that happen a lot? I have an alias called "ding" that plays a sound. Add "; ding" to a command and you're set. It was an entertaining read. The mixture of valid criticism and bitterness was funny. Sure, there are some crazy people in the field, but in the end, most of my friends would kill for the conditions I had at tech companies. As long as you remind yourself that it's just a job, it's a pleasant experience. printf '\a' or if you want to display a MacOS notification function alert { osascript -e 'display notification "'"$1"'"' } What a great readme! It shows what the project is about with screenshots and multiple installation instructions. Working from home would likely have a greater impact than anything else listed here. If I'm not mistaken, the internet uses as much power as all of Germany, or less than 100 million people. This makes our choices as individuals more important than our choices as developers. Drive less, fly less, consume less. I try, but I realised that as soon as I sit on the computer, there's a 70%+ chance that I get sucked in. Then it feeds me just enough dopamine to discourage starting a more rewarding activity. It can take hours to break out of it. On the other hand, if I don't touch the computer before noon, there's a solid chance I'll end up in the garage building things. Unfortunately, I'll still need my laptop at some point, either to do research for a project or check things off my todo list. Just like that, I get sucked in. I moved a little further out to have access to a garage. Even before that, I had my motorcycle, my bicycle, my ice skates, a well-equipped kitchen, board games etc. You are right though. The good stuff happens behind a keyboard. Then you return and there's an underwhelming number of notifications. You're caught up in about the same amount of time as if you left for an hour. Maybe it's not such a bad thing. Sometimes the numbers make a very convincing case. Take motorcycle helmets. In over 40% of motorcycle accidents, you hit the chin bar, or what's under it. It's an undeniable argument in favour of a full face helmet. It might be increasing injuries the same way helmets did when they were introduced during the first world war. All those head injuries would have been fatalities. Instead their wearers survived and their head injuries were recorded. The Remarkable and the Supernote seem to fill that role. I started obsessively looking at them earlier this week, and my conclusion is that they're not ready for prime time yet. The Remarkable software team is facing heavy criticism. The Supernote team is lauded for their responsiveness, but they don't have warehouses in Europe. Both companies accept preorders, not actual orders. The ideas and hardware are there, but the products still need a lot of refinement. I am part of this 62%. I share fewer and fewer opinions. It's not that they are controversial, but that doing so is pointless and tedious. I love a good debate, but they are fewer and further between. I just remember when it was called Musical.ly and advertised with videos of very young teens dancing. I run a website that helps people. I still deal with software, but on my own terms. If I put the same content on a cookie cutter WordPress site, no one would care. Now, programming feels a lot like woodworking: a deliberately inefficient way to do something, just because it's fun. Less training models, more model trains There was a special program at my school that gave you more shop classes. They did everything to discourage me from joining it, because it's where they shoved the struggling kids. I really enjoyed it, and really can't see why it was just for struggling kids. This was the last year before the school reform. They ended that program. In fact they ended shop class altogether. I disagree. I really enjoy woodworking, but it's definitely not to save money. Same for working on motorcycles. The former is rendered useless by economies of scale, the latter by the cost of my garage and tools. Add me to the woodworking ex-developers. I built a website that pays the bills, and now I have a lot of time on my hands. I am finishing my first piece of furniture today. It's pretty scary to work without an undo button. The physical world isn't just instructions, but movements. A little twitch can ruin a cut. A clumsy movement can dent a piece of wood you spent an hour sanding. You truly experience the meaning of "measure twice, cut once". Resources also feel tangibly limited. You can't just spin up another server, you must drive across town to buy more lumber. I still enjoy coding though. My passion for it returned once I could do it on my own time, without stakeholders, sprints, meetings, deadlines or even schedules. I sit down and work until the coffee wears off, then go do something else. It's a hobby again. I don't think programming is the probkem. Anything you do 40 hours a week for other people will get to you just the same. Programming is a pretty sweet gig, all things considered. I didn't pick up woodworking to build a house. If that was my goal, sticking to programming would be the fastest way to get a house built. My ability to make money from programming far exceeds my ability to save money by doing anything else. If it was about the money, I wouldn't rent a garage, fill it with tools and spend my weekends building subpar furniture for twice the cost (a common woodworking trope). I'd just have it shipped to my door. Those are some fancy joints You can find it in my post history. I help people settle in my country, in plain English. It's just not the main point of this conversation. That would increase the time:hands ratio. That's of course assuming that you are already skilled and equipped enough to do the job yourself. If you're starting from scratch, you'll end up saving below minimum wage by doing it yourself. Besides, if you're already working 40 hours a week, the remaining time is much more valuable, because it's relatively scarce. Not everyone is comfortable spending their evenings doing extra work. This is why I used the first person, as in specifically me and not everyone. Every software engineering job I've had was stress-free. In 10 years, I never had to do overtime. Quite frankly, if something can't get done in 40 hours per week, that's not my problem. That's the company's problem, and I will work on that problem in the hours I agreed to sell to said company. > What software would you write if you could write whatever you wanted using whatever language/technology you wanted? The sort that solves problems I'm interested in. I love the idea of treating software as a home-cooked meal [1]: something you prepare with love for a small crowd of people. For instance, I added a recipes section to my personal website. I also added achievements to it some time ago[2]. Both were completely pointless, but I enjoyed doing it the same way I enjoy cooking. [1] https://www.robinsloan.com/notes/home-cooked-app/ [2] https://nicolasbouliane.com/achievements Nope. https://allaboutberlin.com Isn't dropshipping extremely overcrowded since The 4 Hour Work Week popularised it? Where you see fringe, weird or edgy, someone might see a target demographic for something. Is that really the case? I'm thinking about minimum wage. If it wasn't there, would people get paid less, or more? How airtight is my current setup? * Firefox with third party cookies blocked * uBlock Origin with the usual blocklists * PiHole Because there are no noticeable effects. You get really well-targeted ads once in a while, but that's about it. Fighting back, on the other hand, brings a few inconveniences. In the end, the free market would decide how much 1 hour of work is worth. If employees are sufficiently desperate, this could be below what it takes to keep the human doing the work alive. This reminds me of Grapes of Wrath. You might want to watch Good Will Hunting. It's an important theme in that movie. I'm not sure if that's always the case. I love to read history books, and I'll devour anything Antony Beevor writes. I might not remember exact dates and troop movements, but I will remember the general ideas. The anecdotes only help to drive those ideas home. The same can be said about the movies I've watched. I rarely remember the plot that well, but I remember how much I enjoyed them, and occasionally some good lessons. I've also had some fascinating conversation that I simply can't recall. They still shaped how I see the world. At my last company, I used Python for most of our scripts. Bash scripts were too tedious to write, harden and maintain. https://nicolasbouliane.com/achievements - for the curious If you're not a EU citizen, you have 3 months after losing your job to find another visa sponsor, if I'm not mistaken. In my personal life, I adopted a "broad front" approach to long term projects. By broad front, I mean that I'm inching a lot of things forward, instead of focusing all of my attention on a single breakthrough. If my motivation is low, I'll do small things that will be helpful when my motivation returns. This includes planning, buying supplies, cleaning up the workspace (physical or digital) or implementing quality of life improvements. For example, I might not be ready to extract a bolt that broke in a motorcycle engine ([expletive]), but I can disassemble the engine, buy tools, or figure out how it's done. Sometimes, this gets me right back into it. Sometimes it just makes it easier for another day. To keep with the analogy, I call it stabilizing the front. If you do this, it's critical that you leave yourself an easy reintroduction to the project. This might be a 95% finished commit, or a really good readme. You shouldn't dread getting back into it because of the project's state. Provide value of some sort? That's what most businesses actually do. Someone needs something and they provide it. Yep. The article casually mentions that you sacrifice more of your personal life for your career, then just carries on like it's no big deal. Most of us won't build stuff that matters, and even for those who do, it probably won't matter matter enough to sacrifice your personal life. You are not your job. As an experiment, I logged every bug I encountered for a few days. I averaged 5 bugs a day, not counting dark patterns or bad design. Everything is broken, and nobody is upset. [1] Some of the software I use is so unreliable that I expect it to fail. I expect the Vodafone login page not to work properly. I expect one of my airpods not to connect on the first try. I expect my banking app to show random error messages, even though it works just fine. Most online stock brokers have issues at the worst possible times. My bookkeeping app is frequently wrong, per my tax advisor. Since everything is broken, the best I can do is to mentally assign all those apps a trustworthiness score, and avoid betting too much on them. The worst part is that support for all that software has been largely automated. If you have a problem that can't be fixed by a chatbot or a crowdsourced support community, you are largely helpless. Google can wipe everything you love, and there's no one to punch in the face (to borrow from Grapes of Wrath). So far, my only solution to this is to be a late adopter, and to favour simplicity over sophistication. I was recently considering going from paper notebooks to a tablet. That initiative stopped at the electronics store. The Surface Go wanted me to go through a setup wizard (after dismissing a few notifications). Two of the 4 iPads had working pencils. The ReMarkable reviews mention a host of issues. I never encountered any bugs with my Moleskine. It pairs flawlessly with any pencil I want, including older models. [1] https://www.hanselman.com/blog/EverythingsBrokenAndNobodysUp... I can confirm that the German freelance visa is really easy to get. I documented the process here: https://allaboutberlin.com/guides/how-to-get-a-german-freela... They work well enough, but they don't work magically well. The main issue is with the right pod not always turning on when I take it out of the case. The solution is to put it back in the case for 5 seconds and to try again. The second most important issue is the airpods falling out of sync with each other. It seems like the signal from my Samsung S9 in my pocket is choppy. Looking left or right for too long will make the signal drop. Putting my hands in my pockets also will. If I put the phone in my backpack, it's okay. This is still more pleasant than wired headphones, but it's far from a magical experience. I was looking to replace the A6 sketchbook I carry everywhere, and the A5 notebook that always sits in front of my keyboard. I thought it would be nice to access my notes when I don't have my notebook on me, and to have layers, zooming, undos etc. However, the more I look into it, the more absurd it seems. I'm replacing a 15€ notebook and a 2€ mechanical pencil by a 400€ gadget that doesn't quite work. Why? So that I can spend my time organising notes in a digital space. Why? I don't really know. It would be cool to have layers, zooming and an undo button. It would also be cool to have access to my notes even when I don't have my notebook. However, it would just be cool. It doesn't actually solve a serious problem. Don't forget access to a huge range of mature, well-documented libraries and a large standard library. I didn't connect it to anything specific. I found it to be an interesting thought to chew on. I have done two long motorcycle trips. The first took six months and the second took three. Towards the end, I missed home a lot. It got lonely when I was constantly on the move. I missed doing stuff, instead of passively consuming. I missed cooking, gardening, coding and so on. I missed having the tools to do that. I'm honestly happy to be home, among my stuff. I have warm blankets, sharp knives, fast internet, and many other things that make life a little more pleasant. I have the option to live on the road, but there truly is no place like home. Home gives me a feeling of permanence and progress I really need. It's not just about the money. Doing things yourself is rewarding. It also makes you good at more things than making and spending money. This could be useful if the economy goes south, or if you lose the ability to work. Fixing things yourself also means that you don't need to deal with professionals, which can be hard to pick and have weird schedules. Also keep in mind that you pay other people with your post tax income. If you both charge the same rate, you'll need to work for more than one hour to buy one hour of their time. I love Craft's data structure. What WordPress mashes together as custom post types, Craft natively implements as entries, which are arbitrary collections of fields. It's also trivial to keep under source control. My only gripe with Craft is Redactor, which can easily be replaced. How's Redactor working for you? I have constant issues with it. All of those were on my list of cons, particularly the lack of distractions. I avoided the Surface completely because Windows is anything but quiet and maintenance-free. The iPad seemed pretty solid, but I'd have to turn it on and unlock it to see my notes, unlike a notebook. The Remarkable seemed nice, bht there are lots of complaints that paper doesn't have. The Supernote A6X was the most promising, but it was hard do get in Germany. I liked winters in northern Quebec a lot more than in Berlin. At least it was an actual season and not a more miserable version of summer. What are they about? This is also what I do, not only on my phone but on other sites. I'm now thinking of hiding notification badges and other distractions. The only problem is that when I get bored, I still want to see if I got emails, reddit notifications, Hacker News replies etc. I still open the app to cjeck then get distracted. Someone aptly compared this to a slot machine where the prize is a small rush of dopamine. Mine would be to denounce or bundle notifications. I'd be fine with an hourly digest for most notifications (email). Some should wait until office hours (Slack). Some should ping once even for multiple events (group chats). Maybe there should also be a "not now" mode that hides the notifications, icons and badges. Silent mode still distracts my when I use my phone as a motorcycle GPS. Every job I've had was like that person describes. I never, ever handle work matters outside of work hours. I won't even know about it until next day. I always said that I'd rather get fired than take work home, but I was never even asked. This is disturbingly common. As a motorcyclist, I sit a little above most drivers, and I also have to be a little more alert. I catch an alarming number of drivers on their phones. Delivery drivers are the worst offenders. Fortunately, most drivers only touch their phones at red lights, and I honestly don't mind that as much. You don't need to turn it into a book. You can turn it into an online resource. I help people settle in Berlin. I got tired of repeating myself, so I put my answers on a website and linked to it. Now it's my main source of income, and a well-known resource for expats. I don't think any topic can be monetized with such ease, but it doesn't hurt to try. Even if you completely fail, you'll still help thousands of people who are googling their problems. If the first step is too big or the end goal is too far, I cut the first step into smaller steps, and try to find a tempting intermediary goal. Right now, I'm restoring an old motorcycle, and it's not going well. A bolt broke and I need to extract it from the engine I just reassembled. My end goal now isn't to ride a shiny vintage bike, it's just to get it running. The first step isn't to extract the broken bolt, it's to open the engine again, a ten minute job. Start small, set reasonable goals, and be careful about premature optimisation. Focus on Answering The Damn Question. In my experience, this is enough to attract traffic in the long run. If that works, then you can start thinking about monetization. For now, just build something good amd see how it gets picked up. It doesn't have to be interesting if it solves a problem. I write about health insurance and visas. My guides are not page-turners, but they're a welcome introduction to really complex matters. I disagree with this advice. I write articles when there is a need for them. Sometimes they are 2 months apart, and sometimes 2 days. I can't plan the problems I'll face and solve in advance. I also spend a lot of time updating old articles with new information, and that new information trickles in at random intervals. Most of your readers will find you through Google, when they're trying to solve a specific problem. They won't subscribe to your content or return without a specific goal in mind, so consistency is not that important. I write down solutions to problems I encountered. It's pretty useful if you encounter the same problems again. I ended up on my own website through Google a few times. I will only buy waterproof phones. I use mine as a bicycle and motorcycle GPS. When I worked at HERE Maps, a colleague of mine was working on censorship for South Korean maps. You were not supposed to access them from outside of South Korea. There were also places where you saw different borders according to your own location. Worker conditions are certainly better, but life is expensive and bureaucracy is annoying here too. I fear that it will get really bad in our lifetime. Customer-facing businesses are getting bigger and bigger, and with that growth comes the need to scale customer service and to diffuse responsibility. Worst of all, more and more systems are built by a small segment of like-minded middle-class workers. They are blind to the peculiarities and the struggles of other cultures. With those firmly established factors, I expect this to get much worse. The TV tax is a great idea, but it's twice as expensive as netflix. On the bright side, you get decent news channels, and Arte. Just look for the cheap brands. Many of them have really simple interfaces. Mine is also just two knobs. Tie it to a stick, like those gas station bathroom keys I'm still amazed that they managed to spin self-care into another consumerist rat race. The former wall left behind such a corridor. There is an interesting 99% Invisible episode about it. How would that work if you have 4€ and you need a train ticket and a snack for your journey? Your ability to buy a chocolate bar and a ticket would depend on a dice roll, even though you have enough money? Great idea, but I'm not creating an account just to see if it works. I don't want "hey, it's Josh from PageWatch" emails every few days during the trial period. Plausible is not a Google Analytics alternative. Yes, it shows you traffic on pages, but it does not support some essential features, like proper events/goals with metadata. https://github.com/plausible/analytics/issues/134 I'm waiting for it to switch. I liked the interface and your general way of doing business, but being unable to track outbound links or conversions was a deal breaker. What do you mean by "basically hold them hostage"? That's only true if you memorise facts at a surface level. If you're into history, then knowledge builds context. It gives you an increasingly higher resolution understanding of what was really going on. Some knowledge must also be tied to real world experience. It took me a while to get the hang of navigating with the sun, but now I do it subconsciously. The same can be said about programming, cooking, gardening, woodworking etc. You can't Google it when you need it, because it's a collection of techniques you pick up over time, with practice. You can Google knowledge, but not wisdom. Is it essential though? I'm a competent software developer developer, and programming rarely saves the day for me. In fact, I'd probably have fewer problems if I stopped coding outside of work. tl;dr: He and his Junior Achievement of South Florida club members created Germ Genie™, a travel kit filled with TSA-compliant essentials for staying germ-free, including tray table placemats which have become their signature item – and which have become even more important since COVID-19. The rest is pretty much an ad for that product. Privacy facilitates activities that require privacy. Many of those activities undermine the powers that be. It's only natural for the powers that be to want to undermine privacy. This is especially difficult when receiving messages you can't immediately deal with. Yes I'm online, and yes I saw your message, but now is not a good moment. No I don't hate you, I'm just not currently available. I hate having to tiptoe around the notification to avoid marking it as read. Excellent post! It was a really pleasant read. It encouraged me to do precisely that today, and I really enjoyed it. Check out OwnTracks. It's a different approach, but it's also really nice. I use it as a poor man's GPS beacon on my motorcycle trips. I made two apps and an extension. They're all gone because I got tired of the work it required to just keep them in the store. Every few months, I had to upload a new type of image preview, or confirm that the app didn't sell cigarettes in South Ossetia, or some other pointless update. The code was the same, but the requirements kept changing. That's great advice. When going back to work after a few months, I had to shelve so many projects. I had no energy for anything. Sometimes, I could do little more than cook dinner. That's as a single, childless person with a low stress job. Let people relax. Stop appropriating every good thing and turning it into another competition. This reminds me of a lovely article I've read recently: an app can be a home-cooked meal. In other words, you can create small scale, short-lived things for private consumption. It's a lot more relaxing. I disagree. Not everything you do has to be valuable to others. I doodle in my notebook, build crappy furniture and pluck on my guitar because it's fun. Writing can be a skill you hone for your own pleasure, and a useful way to structure your thoughts or capture your current state of mind. The linked articles were worth a read. Thanks for sharing It helps to reframe what creating software is. That's why I like this article that compares it to a home-cooked meal. I can't speak for others, but I don't cook to change the world. It just feels rewarding to make good food. Likewise it feels good to write software that scratches an itch. You can make software like you bake cookies, for the enjoyment of a select few. You can enjoy writing code in obscurity like you can enjoy looking at a landscape without sharing it on social media. The point of creating is not the result, but the process itself. It teaches you new things, and gives you a better appreciation of the world around you. Gardening turned my local forests into living, breathing museums. It allowed me to look deep beneath the surface, to literally see the forest for the trees. If I wanted pretty flowers, I'd buy plastic ones. That's good advice. Before you learn how to make a dish, you must learn various ways to ruin a dish. You can read all the books in the world, but only dozens of bad omelettes will teach you how to make a good one. I wrote a personal journal during my motorcycle travels. Not a blog, just a personal journal. I wrote down what happened and how I felt, with no regards for any audience. That was after I gave up on writing a blog about it. I read some of it a bit later. I couldn't make it through a single blog article, but poured through the journal with a wide grin. It was enjoyable precisely because it was so raw. It perfectly captured everything: the fear, the excitement, the anger, the embarrassment, the lust, the boredom. That was the story, not the diluted version I felt comfortable sharing. It felt much more real with the bad parts left in. Write for yourself, as a record. Be angry, be lewd, be irrational, but be honest. I love the ones that tell you the opposite. How To Do Nothing is my favourite example. I also like those that remind us to build silly things that don't matter. It's good to be reminded that maybe there is more to life than being really really really ridiculously productive. The Feyman Method! Muffled made sense too. Writing for yourself allows you to write down thoughts that might not be suitable for others (unless you are Charles Bukowski). Writing about your negative emotions feels very therapeutic. Older journals are a delightful read. It's fun to remember the things that made you tick back then, whether it was a short-lived obsession with old maps or lust for a girl that - let's face it - really wasn't that special. Berlin converted full lanes into bike lanes during the pandemic, to help distancing. Many of us are hoping they're here to stay. I meant that it helped distancing on the narrow bike paths. It's not unusual to have a line of bikes at a red light. It's also meant to encourage biking instead of public transportation, which is what the majority uses to get around. Not just monetize but package. For a while, I measured experience in terms of likes, upvotes and views. Being there wasn't enough. I had to check in and prove that I have fun. Curating my online life put a lot of pressure on me, even when money wasn't involved. Deinstall the social apps, stay logged out of their web version, aggressively disable notifications, and turn off data unless you need it. Idleness is important. You get your best thinking done in the shower because there is little else to do there. We got really good at filling that time with music, podcasts and feeds, but we should leave some of it to process our thoughts and let new ideas in. I miss walking to work for those 20 minutes of reflection before and after my shift. Now I ride motorcycles. That gives me hours to think. I go for time well spent, which encompasses productive activities, but also the activities you listed. If I could spend the rest of my life having similar days, then it was a good day. That metric allows for more than just productive work. When the weather allows it, I love to pack an "adventure" backpack and ride my bicycle to interesting places. I carry a notebook, some pens, a water bottle, snacks, warm clothes, and other things that might help on my journey. I'll stop for coffee, museums, interesting scenery, sketching, etc. These little adventures give me time to relax, reflect, do some exercise and explore my city. It's thoroughly satisfying. I live in Germany. That has not happened to me. I was never contacted after sharing my email and phone number on those lists. This is also the case in Germany. It's why you have all sorts of different ID numbers, and need to sign documents to allow different offices to communicate. If you stalk the writer and scroll on their Instagram, you will find personal pictures that are very common among Instagram users. It's therefore their fault if you can't control yourself and act professionally? Because they're asking for it? HN has strict moderation, and it maintains a certain standard of discourse. There are many reddit comments that wouldn't fly here. It's the intensity of it that's problematic. I know the internet is full of mean jerks, but they are nowhere near as toxic to me as they are to women. There is a corollary for relationships, where you should not dread walking into your own house. That being said, sometimes I have 20 minute showers because the thinking session is just that good. I have drawn more than a few diagrams on the foggy shower door. Long distance motorcycle travel stretches this to a few days, weeks or months. When you reach your hotel after hours of riding, you're too tired to reach for your laptop. Unfortunately, it also makes sunny days unbearable when you're stuck at the office. Never park your bike within sight of your desk. I don't buy into serverless. I went to a webdev convention, and it ended up being a serverless hype train. Industry experts with a financial incentive to promote serverless went on stage and told me they can't debug their code, or run it on their machine. They showed me comically large system diagrams for very simple use cases, then spent an hour explaining how to do not-quite-ACID transactions. Oh yeah and you can only use 3-5 languages, and each import statement has a dollar amount tied to it. More importantly, all those skills you develop are tied to Amazon, or some other giant. All the code you write is at their mercy. Any problem you have depends on their support. Am I supposed to bet hundreds or thousands of man hours on that? I don't do any server admin. My code runs in docker on pretty much any server I can get my hands on. Some of my code runs on a ThinkPad stashed behind my desk, on DigitalOcean, on my Macbook. I could deploy to a Raspberry Pi and it would run just the same. It takes 10 minutes to deploy an exact copy to a new environment. None of that requires OS maintenance. My house plants require far more maintenance than my software. I sometimes forget where some things run because I haven't touched them in years. Serverless code runs on the cloud you built it for. I don't want that. I don't want to invest years of my life becoming an Amazon developer, writing Amazon code for Amazon servers. That's without delving into the extra work serverless requires. There isn't a dollar amount tied to my import statements. I don't need software to help me graph and make sense of my infrastructure. I can run my code on my computer and debug it, even offline. You can also predict the costs, and shop around if your provider gets greedy. If Amazon changes its pricing structure, what are you supposed to do? This, but it was told by serverless experts, on stage, in front of hundreds of people. If that was their sales pitch, their reality was likely even less impressive. I always run stuff inside docker. If it runs on my machine, it will run in production.