Now combine that with the extremely confusing net.IP and net.IP.To16() and you can get a sneaky bug that I've seen in practice. https://play.golang.org/p/SGgR4RSCPvM You can still use Google Code Search on the Chrome codebase. https://cs.chromium.org For example here's a hacky regex that finds lambdas: https://cs.chromium.org/search/?q=%5CW%5C%5B%5B%5E%5C%5D%5D*... I see that those circles look like a Venn diagram. But for a Venn diagram to be useful in explaining something, there needs to be an easily understandable definition about what the 2 circles are. That doesn't seem to exist here. I can't come up with a logical definition for what the top circle or the bottom circle represent. If you let a something MITM you it will always be able to steal your files, no path validation will fix that. If you let something MITM you when copying files from client to server it should have no way of changing the destination directory (assuming you authenticate using asymmetric crypto), regardless of path validation. This vulnerability has nothing to do with that. This vulnerability is only about copying files from the server to the client, and lacking path validation when that happens. This problem can be fixed without fixing MITM. Is it possible to write an operating system or a browser if we forget about the languages you want us to forget about? I came up with a new phishing avoidance scheme based on this, point at the url bar before typing your password. I don't understand your comment. Version 1.5.6 of what? The NumPy 1.16.0 notes say > Support for Python 3.4 been dropped, the supported Python versions are 2.7 and 3.5-3.7. That definitely sounds like NumPy 1.16.0 doesn't support python 3.4. If many people want to fight against something, making it public helps those people to find each other and organize. From some of the tweets, other people in similar situations have reached out to her. I don't think security of entry to the apartment is the main concern (because most locks can be picked fairly easily, and criminals force doors regardless of lock). I think privacy, network security, and availability are the bigger issues. HTTPS isn't automatically secure. It depends on certificates being issued correctly. But certificate issuance depends on insecure protocols: DNS and BGP. Also there's hijacking account recovery and 2 factor codes via SMS. https://www.theverge.com/2017/9/18/16328172/sms-two-factor-a... How are the end-to-end encryption keys distributed? What happens if you lose your phone, or give up your number and someone else gets it? Yes, but many sites still use it for 2fa. And regardless of 2fa, it's also commonly used in account recovery which is even worse than 2fa. Having a user verify that a piece of infrastructure is correct (aka not a spoofed cell tower) is a much easier problem than having a user verify that a different user is correct (necessary for fully verified e2e). If all the user needs to verify is the infrastructure, then something like https's certificates could work, but it could be simpler because it would be managed entirely by one organization. So more concretely, your sim card could contain some root CAs that it trusts. The problem is many people would think "decompiler" means it outputs source code. Yeah I think you're right, a form of end-to-end wouldn't be too hard. But it would only protect against passive attacks by your provider. It wouldn't protect against active attacks by your provider. Your provider could issue itself a new cert for you and your correspondent and then intercept the messages. It's certainly an improvement over what we have now though. Here's the new code: beta8.Mod(beta8, curve.P) x3.Sub(x3, beta8) if x3.Sign() == -1 { x3.Add(x3, curve.P) } x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) I don't understand it why it's all necessary. This is shorter and seems to do the exact same thing: beta8.Mod(beta8, curve.P) x3.Sub(x3, beta8) x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) Also, beta8 is never used after this code. So this should do the same thing as well: x3.Sub(x3, beta8) x3.Mod(x3, curve.P) Where does it mention 4? By saying "IRA vs 401k" I think you're misspeaking. There's a Roth IRA, and a traditional IRA. There's a Roth 401k and a traditional 401k. I think you're trying to make a Roth vs traditional distinction, not an IRA vs 401k distinction. You're right that the article confuses various things. But you're wrong in your analysis. Capital gains rate has nothing to do with this. Whether it's Roth or traditional, and whether it's 401k or IRA, you never pay capital gains rate, you always pay income tax rate. You're also wrong in saying paying up front is better in terms of tax rate. In terms of tax rates, Roth vs traditional both have the same rate (assuming you have the same tax rate now as in retirement) (and IRA vs 401k also both have the same rate, regardless of tax rates now vs retirement). Roth does have several advantages though. It has a higher effective legal contribution limit. It also allows a higher density of value per dollar, which is useful in a fund like the Medallion fund that is limited to $10B. It's taxed just the same as if you were below the income limit. There's no income limit on Roth 401ks as far as I know, where did you hear that there is one? >You can, however, convert IRA assets into Roth assets at any income level provided you pay the tax on conversion. You seem to be saying you can convert traditional IRA money into a Roth IRA. That's true, but how do you get traditional IRA money? There's an income limit when you make traditional IRA contributions if your employer has a 401k: https://www.irs.gov/retirement-plans/2019-ira-deduction-limi... Yeah, but that's not really "traditional". And if done fast enough, the "tax on conversion" will be essentially nothing. What if we interpret Moore's law to say that transaction speed will double every 2 years? Create a fake identity, fake company, then contact the researcher claiming you want to hire him/her. Get the researcher to come to a restaurant and secretly record the meeting while using leading questions to try to force the researcher into saying unpleasant things. They have a table below that with amounts listed for different types of bugs. I'm guessing the 150'000 means they'll stop paying for new bugs once they've reached that amount. Couldn't employees in Hong Kong revert the changes and alert the media? Not phishing? AIUI, the phrase "link tax" isn't really correct, because it doesn't apply if you just link. It applies if you copy the headline or a snippet. You can't nicely ask the hacker not to do it. The hackers are constantly scanning the internet regardless of what you want. Save $69k sounds a lot more significant than save 38%. If you're going to be using the server less than 73% of the time, AWS sounds better. The site uses https for me (and the HN link is https too). It does make 3 http requests, all for gravatar jpeg files. Scott isn't blaming them for shutting down comments either, in fact Scott is also shutting down comments. Scott is blaming them for not being truthful about the reason they shut down comments. But you also have the freedom to live in lower cost of living areas, making the money go further. Actually 39.04% according to this website. Still, 30% is closer to correct than 55%. https://smartasset.com/taxes/income-taxes By "no one" crapbone meant no single employer. And no single employer paid Santiago the money. It was paid by a group of companies each paying bounties for different bugs. Very few sites use certificate pinning. Chrome dropped support for dynamic certificate pinning. Web based certificate pinning is often recommended against because it's very hard to do right. Also, using Let's Encrypt doesn't stop you from certificate pinning. >it’s less secure — you’re trusting (many) third parties You're trusting those third parties regardless of if you use your own PKI, because browsers already trust all those root CAs anyways. One weird thing I've found about EOF is that EOF is sometimes not actually the end. You can read an EOF from stdin and then continue reading more data. Someone could even write new code that relies on it. Are you saying that's a high number or a low number? Because if you're saying it's high, you picked the wrong examples, here's a different example from the article: >The student’s parents paid $1.2 million in bribes, officials said. Several places online claim it never operated as a M:TG exchange, that was just a plan that never was executed. All the archive.org snapshots seem to show a non-functional site. https://www.wired.com/2014/03/bitcoin-exchange/ https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1bzysz/til_mtgox_w... https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=4412667.0 https://web.archive.org/web/20070501000000*/http://mtgox.com I did read the Wikipedia part before posting my comment. Wikipedia seems to have no non-paywalled sources for the statement that it went live "sometime around late 2007". Thanks for the Gwern link, it's interesting. When a simple int foo(int x) { return x+1; } leads to undefined behavior (aka the standard says the program can delete your hard drive) if x is too big, that's not a language that guarantees memory safety. I've never used rust, but from what I've heard, it crashes in debug mode, and wraps (two's complement) in release mode. According to the spec, it can lead to all the same problems that any UB leads to, including all the problems that any memory unsafety leads to. The code is allowed by the spec to cause memory unsafety. But to list some direct memory unsafety possibilities: indexing off the end of an array, indexing off the end of a vector, dereferencing a bad pointer, dereferencing a null pointer, dereferencing a bad iterator, double delete. >For Facebook obviously it's different. What evidence do you have for that? Nowhere in the article does it say facebook "explicity logged" passwords. The logging likely happened through some unintended and roundabout process that is far from explicit. The article says the AR-15 is good and the M-16 is bad. You seem to be lumping them into a single thing. The entire point of this article is the difference between the AR-15 and the M-16. So if they are essentially the same, that means this article is pointless. That type of assertion needs some strong evidence given how well-researched the article is. The 3 differences the article lists between the AR-15 and the M-16 are: 1. The M-16 added a useless "manual bolt closure" making it a bit heavier. 2. The M-16 rate of twist was changed from one-in-14-inches to one-in-12, which made it 40% less lethal. 3. The M-16 switched from IMR 4475 powder to ball powder, which made it much much less reliable. After tons of US soldiers died due to the unreliability, they modified the ball powder and changed the mechanical "buffer" of the rifle, which made it more reliable, but still less than the AR-15. Taiwan and Macao appear to be majority other. The article says AMI already knew about the affair before Sanchez was contaced by AMI about the affair. >AMI has repeatedly insisted they had only one source on their Bezos story, but the Journal reports that when the Enquirer began conversations with Michael Sanchez, they had “already been investigating whether Mr. Bezos and Ms. Sanchez were having an affair.” Michael Sanchez has since confirmed to Page Six that when the Enquirer contacted him back in July, they had already “seen text exchanges” between the couple. If accurate, the WSJ and Page Six stories would mean, clearly and obviously, that the initial information came from other channels—another source or method. Isn't there a distinction between a DNS server and a DNS resolver? How is "just donate a building like a real rich person" a fallacy? The article doesn't say it's bad to donate and get in. >In this case, people bribed individuals to enrich themselves, not the school. That is a decrease in the available spots for students at the school. The article agrees with this, saying it's theft from the school, whereas donating a building isn't theft from the school. I wouldn't say subsidies would disincentivize meat. I would say they would incentivize both meat substitutes and meat, in an equally proportional amount. Were all those errors observable back in 2000? It could be that compiler and operating systems differences now are what caused/revealed some bugs. For example the speed problem was probably much less back then due to slower computers. It's apartments built before 1995 with at least 3 units. https://www.mountainview.gov/depts/comdev/preservation/rents... In July 2018 he was going to be kicked out "within the next several weeks". Now it's "hours to days", so it's closer. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17582652 Of course it's not justifiable. The question is, parents were rationalizing school bribery, was this man rationalizing medicare bribery? What costs are the overhead of manufacturing? The packaging? The packaging shouldn't cost ($750-$13.50) = $736.50. (2017) Whether they bought back in doesn't make a difference. If you sell BTC, that's a taxable event. And that only happens among Christians? Atheists and Muslims aren't motivated by money? It says "About 15 percent of Americans are called for jury duty each year". Multiply that by 10x and get 150%. But I thought someone can only be called for jury once per year. I guess you could increase the chance of being called only for those who haven't been called yet. >The article says there were 3,200 foreign investors who qualified for the EB-5 through Hudson Yards The article says >Related solicited investments from some 3,200 foreign visa-seekers It's unclear to me what the definition of "solicited" is. There are tons of videos that aren't very tiny, and that have large color counts. notatoad is talking about those. Yes, the article says that was the solution on how to unlock it. Actively using it to harm others is different than just creating it. It's a curiosity item. I would buy an anonymous one if they were $30 or less. It's interesting to have around, a conversation piece. The anonymous one increases the interest, because it better demonstrates the danger, the precariousness. >Lines of celebrity meat. Check out http://bitelabs.org/ And it sounds like Citrix didn't even notice, it was the FBI who noticed then alerted Citrix. 5% isn't possible, but you can make over 2% on treasury bills currently. The risk of the US government defaulting on loans can be essentially ignored. Do you have any information about US bonds being seized like this? I don't understand how it could happen. This might not be exactly answering your question, but you can buy 4 week treasury bills. Even if you can't sell bonds, having money tied up for 4 weeks might not be a big problem. Browsers can only protect against malicious websites and malicious extensions. They can't protect against malware. Even without any cert problems, malware on your machine can modify the browser executable/process to insert whatever code it wants. With this reduced threat model, it's easy to simply keep existing pre-installed extensions available, and disable updates. Your only problem is if a pre-installed extension is malicious or has a vulnerability, it will remain. Yes, but what's the point of cert expiration? Is it safe to have certs that never expire? I believe there is a security benefit to expiration. Expiration is useless if it's never enforced. Probably the correct behavior is to have some sort of semi-annoying popup when it expires, and then only a week later do the full blocking. You need to strike the right balance of making it annoying enough that it can't be ignored by everyone (otherwise you just have the exact same problem, just delayed a week) and that fear of it happening is a sufficient motivator to stop people lazily relying on the grace period, but also not too annoying that it makes a lot of people quit. You also want to avoid permission fatigue. >My guess here is archive.is feels they have some need to restrict what content is provided to where in the world Couldn't that be done later, by blocking the actual HTTP TCP connections instead of blocking the DNS requests? Maybe it's an efficiency issue, that they want the higher-efficiency blocking by DNS rather than lower-efficiency blocking during HTTP TCP, but that seems a little strange to me. dig @carl.archive.is archive.is A +noedns responds 134.119.220.26 curl http://134.119.220.26 -H 'Host: archive.is' -v responds with HTML of the site. I'm not a dig expert, but I believe this means it works without EDNS. I think that means archive.is is specifically blocking Cloudflare's servers, not blocking all non-EDNS requests. ackbar03 didn't seem to be asking about what to try, but about what to dedicate a career to. Only old S3 buckets that are accessed the old way. Using phone numbers for throttling user account creation has no security problem. Using phone numbers for 2FA has no security problem compared to password 1FA. The security problem comes when companies use phone numbers for 1FA (during account recovery). From the article: >About the author: Adrien Mauduit is a professional astrophotographer and cinematographer and the CEO and owner of Night Lights Films. The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author. Mauduit also does science education, communication, and public outreach for Project PoSSUM. You can find more of Mauduit’s work Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube. I don't understand how that would work. I can see 2 values in a degree: 1 the ability to put the degree on your resume, 2 the knowledge and enjoyment you got from the degree. I don't see how it's possible to remove 2. I guess you could remove 1 by making it illegal to put on your resume, but then how would you become "fully employed" when you can't put the degree on your resume? Yeah, there's nothing spooky there. C++ supports overloads and C doesn't. I got substantial knowledge from my degree. But regardless of whether you got any knowledge from your degree, you could still get enjoyment from your degree. And even if you didn't get any knowledge or enjoyment from your degree, if you remove the ability to put it on your resume, how is someone supposed to become "fully employed"? I still don't see how the person will later become "fully employed" when the person isn't allowed to practice. What does "UC" in "Meltdown UC" mean? And what if a candidate wants to spend that stipend on Facebook ads. Is Facebook not allowed to have a salesperson take that money and sell ads to the candidate? Google Chrome launched with a comic by Scott McCloud in 2008. It looks like Scott McCloud helped on this Federated Learning comic as well. https://www.google.com/googlebooks/chrome/big_00.html Aren't they only eligible for SSI if they've worked in the US for 10 years? >The best place to siphon data in 2019? Your phone. But can't you reverse engineer your phone and see what it's doing? And can't you monitor the network data it's sending? With a backdoor in long haul transport gear, academics, researchers, random hackers, watchdog groups, journalists, competitors, etc, don't have the ability to monitor for bad behavior. No, if you can prove that a secure hash function exists, then you have proved that P != NP. (This is what alexbecker said.) If you can prove P = NP, then you have proved that no secure hash functions exist. (This is the contrapositive.) 4x the amount of time, but what x the amount of qbits? My very vague impression of quantum computing is that making a quantum computer with more qbits is quite hard. >According to three former N.S.A. operators who spoke on the condition of anonymity, analysts spent almost a year finding a flaw in Microsoft’s software and writing the code to target it. Initially, they referred to it as EternalBluescreen because it often crashed computers — a risk that could tip off their targets. But it went on to become a reliable tool used in countless intelligence-gathering and counterterrorism missions. If it took the NSA a year to develop, then it can't be done "on a slow day". > (gesture patterns, content interaction, hardware inputs etc) It doesn't sound like it takes into account which pieces of content you watch, just how you navigate the app. So I don't think watching toys being opened will cause you to be detected as a kid. >I'm still not sure why we're now basing our entire economy around advertising I see 3 models for websites: completely donation based, advertising based, or subscription based. Many sites would have trouble getting the donations they would need to operate. Subscription based means only rich people can afford to use it. Advertising means poor people get the same functionality as rich people. It could be fake troll bids. Internet auctions of items deemed "funny" often accumulate a lot of fake bids from trolls who don't intend to pay. https://www.ebay.com/itm/Artists-Beanie-/111913567870 >a single reasonable subscription That subscription might be reasonable for a middle class person in the US, but way too expensive for the average person in a poorer country. Ads put everyone on the same footing. And if you want to do research on a topic across many different websites, it'll happen that they won't all be in the same community, so you'll have to pay subscription fees to many different communities, sometimes just for a single page view. >The truth is, outside of a chemistry lab I don't care that much about the freezing and boiling points of water Even in a chemistry lab, Celsius isn't that great, it's Kelvin that actually has an advantage. And Rankine would be about as good. A Rankine temperature is just the Fahrenheit temperature +459.67°. My point was about in the chemistry lab, not outside. Yes, C is useful in science because it's commonly used, not really because of any inherent usefulness. The network effect is the usefulness, and if F had that network effect it would be just as useful. It is important, but more important is having absolute 0, which Celsius doesn't have. The other problem with Celsius and the boiling point is that the boiling point changes depending on air pressure, which changes depending on elevation. So it's not always 100°C. >It is possible that it is Facebook that won’t allow subordinates to step in The article says that Facebook is sending subordinates: >Facebook said is it [sic] sending Kevin Chan, its head of public policy for Facebook Canada, and Neil Potts, its director of public policy, to the meeting instead. Here's a port scanning technique that doesn't use javascript: https://blog.jeremiahgrossman.com/2006/11/browser-port-scann... But I don't think that will work for corporate building security, where a single attacker could cause a large amount of damage, not just losing a ticket fare. Are you claiming ProtonMail hands over message content to law enforcement? That contradicts this quote from the post: >Furthermore, ProtonMail’s end-to-end encryption means we cannot be forced by a court to provide unencrypted message contents. I wonder why James Earl Jones isn't listed for Jackson, MI. His page contains a link to Jackson, and Jackson's page contains a link to him. His page has more views than than Paula Faris'. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Earl_Jones https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackson,_Michigan https://tools.wmflabs.org/pageviews/?project=en.wikipedia.or... The article says that even a non-permissive license (such as GPL) won't stop Amazon from taking your code and running it as their own service. The site uses 2 methods: , and javascript to hide an element and display a different one. This way you can tell if the methods disagree. It sounds pretty clear to me he knows how awful it is. Why would admitting he's still a karma whore mean he thinks it's not awful? A drug addict can know being a drug addict is awful while still admitting to being a drug addict. Only the last sector is allowed to be partially filled. Every other sector must be fully filled. Did he have car nearby? It sounds like he got there via 4-wheeler. The article addresses this >To be fair, this story hasn’t ended yet. [... T]hey still need to resolve the problematic MacBook Pro with its next generation (rumors are promising) It sounds like CBP might have done that. What was stolen: > The compromised photos were taken of travelers in vehicles coming in and out of the US through specific lanes at a single Port of Entry over a one and a half months period. What wasn't stolen: >No other identifying information was included with the photos and no passport or other travel document photos were compromised, the official said. Images of airline passengers from the air entry and exit process were also not involved. I doubt studios want to give Redbox a discount, because rentals cut into sales, which the studios care about more than rentals. Redbox operates because of first-sale doctrine. I assume Redbox pays the same as stores pay, which is indeed cheaper than what a consumer pays, but there's no discount especially for Redbox. Why do digital rentals cost more than physical rentals? Because first-sale doctrine doesn't apply to digital so studios can charge more. First-sale doctrine prevents studios from charging more for physical rentals, and they won't be eager to pile on any extra discounts for Redbox. I think the real benefit to the consumer of renting from Redbox instead of buying is that Redbox has economies of scale on exchanging movies between consumers and distributing them geographically. If a consumer buys a movie, watches it, and resells it, that's a lot of hassle, whereas Redbox has managed that redistribution by building automation. That seems strange. I don't know what their motivation for that is, given I assume it would lose them money, and it's contrary to digital rentals being so expensive. This article (admittedly from 2008) says studios hate Redbox. And that Redbox gets its DVDs from regular movie wholesalers (I assume where Walmart gets them too). https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2008/10/universal-studio... Last I checked reddit only shows your your last 1000 comments. So it's impossible to get your older comments. I don't know how they do this in light of GDPR's data portability requirements. See https://www.reddit.com/r/help/comments/6ynrth/why_does_reddi... https://www.reddit.com/r/redditdev/comments/30a7ap/does_redd... But what you can do is download every single comment on reddit, then search through that to find yours. See https://www.reddit.com/r/pushshift/ It makes sense that rental stores would get cheap copies if they're also doing profit sharing. But it's unclear to me who's getting a better deal there compared to the rental place just buying at normal price and keeping all profits. Well there's probably not a whole lot of OS/2 ransomware, so they're less likely to wind up in the situation of the San Francisco Muni https://www.sfexaminer.com/news/you-hacked-appears-at-muni-s... >Further cracking down on homeless people will just transfer them from the streets to jails, where they will cost the taxpayers exorbitant amounts of money (and if they're in a private prison, create profit for private interests), while failing to get people back on their feet when they are eventually let go. It doesn't seem the article is advocating for a crackdown. The article seems to advocate for cities "to provide access to on-demand detox, rehabilitation, and recovery programs that might help people overcome their addictions." Wouldn't it be better to just have a physical switch on the device to disable certificate checking? If you want to call a C function that takes a pointer as an argument. For example I've called a Windows API function from python which does that. I think restype should be set to None in addition to setting argtypes. That way you can avoid the weird number being printed out: >>> add_one(ctypes.byref(x)) 998793640 Yeah, for pure python it's not really needed. Python doesn't need a swap function because it has multiple assignment, python doesn't need output parameters because it has multiple return. Pointers would allow a function to take in a string and replace it with a modified version, but simply returning the modified version would generally be clearer and more flexible. One place where pointers might be useful is if you have some strings spread across a bunch of different objects of different types and you want to do some transformation on all of them. A pointer to each of those strings would mean you could simply modify them instead of having to assign to the containing object. But you can sort of define your own pointer type with a class with one field to solve that problem. The downside of that would be all the objects would have to contain that pointer type instead of the string directly. Another alternative would be getattr/setattr (although that wouldn't work for locals). Or maybe you could rewrite to a visitor pattern. Overall the slight benefit a pointer would provide is outweighed by the complexity it would bring of people wondering how and when to use it. A doubly linked list can be done just fine in python without pointers, because objects use references, and user defined classes are mutable. RSUs are taxed the same as salary. RSUs are taxed the same as salary. If you don't like them gaining value, then sell them as soon as they vest, and that's 20% tax of $0. I don't know anything about that event, but it reminds of me when 20 Apple contractors had a scheme selling Apple user data for $7M. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/09/business/china-apple-pers... The word "phishing" has many definitions. One definition is tricking users into giving valuable information (such as passwords, 2FA codes, bank account details, credit card numbers, social security numbers, etc). Malware doesn't meet this definition of phishing. Which claim are you doubting? Are you doubting that APT10 hacked Huntington Ingalls, or are you doubting that APT10 is state sponsored? > This idea is so cool that you'd think it came from a constructed language, and yet Arabic has actual native speakers who live completely normal lives and will not try to talk to you about Runescape. Is there a large overlap between constructed language enthusiasts and Runescape enthusiasts? That seems kind of strange to me. There's a fair amount of evidence that APT10 is sponsored by China here[1]. It's not 100% proof, but what are the alternatives, and what chances do they have? The alternative possibilities seem slim to me. The US government accused them of working for China[2]. Of course not everything the US government says is true, but it seems likely to me this is true and they have some non-public evidence to back it up. [1] https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/two-birds-one-stone-panda/ [2] https://www.justice.gov/opa/press-release/file/1121706/downl... >All I'm seeing is the Uber receipt, which even they say they can't verify. There's other stuff there. For example Gao was recruiting for Laoying Baichen Instruments which shares an address with CNITSEC (which is run by MSS). CNITSEC has in the past been confirmed to work with APT3. >The alternative is that they are black hat hackers, which is very likely. Are there a lot of advanced Chinese black hat hackers that don't work with the Chinese government? Because it seems like there are a lot of advanced Chinese hackers that work for the government. For example APT3 and APT1. Also the APT10 stuff appears to have happened during Chinese working hours, which is indicative of government work[1]. [1] https://intrusiontruth.wordpress.com/2018/08/09/was-apt10-th... Those say Intel was unfairly competing with AMD. That's different from Intel conspiring with the Wall Street Journal to write negative (and maybe false) articles about AMD. >Any hack reported by the western media immediately gets linked to the government, no matter how thin the evidence is. The October hack of Facebook[1] didn't seem to be blamed on any government by the media. It seems to me like a fairly sophisticated attack that could have been done by a government. And the western media blames some hacks on the US government and its allies as well[2][3]. > Chinese people can be smart and motivated by greed too How do they plan to make money by hacking NASA and the US military's shipbuilder? They're not installing ransomware asking for bitcoin payment. If they want to hack for money, I would think they would target credit cards, or banks, or better yet: cryptocurrency exchanges. Or maybe popular websites whose databases they can use for credential stuffing. One way to make money by hacking NASA is to be paid by the Chinese government. [1] https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/12/technology/facebook-hack-... [2] https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-yandex-exclusiv... [3] https://www.nytimes.com/2010/09/30/world/middleeast/30worm.h... The article mentions 2 different wiretaps. One is 9.2M with 149 people, the other is 9.1M with 45 people. There are many reddit bots that automatically repost old posts for karma. It's conceivable that a similar thing could be done on HN. The fact that Toyentrepreneur has no comments doesn't inspire confidence, but examining Toyentrepreneur's submissions doesn't seem to indicate a bot. Yes, "or" in English often is more similar to xor in code. For example if someone says "I want pizza or a burger", that person probably does not want both pizza and a burger for the same meal, whereas in programming an equivalent expression would be satisfied if both are true simultaneously. But "or" in English doesn't always mean xor in code. Sometimes it is the same as or in code. It's not really jstrieb.github.io that's serving it, because since the content is in the url fragment, it is never sent to or from the server, it's handled entirely clientside. >a very effective XSS host. It can only do XSS against jstrieb.github.io which has nothing valuable. So it's not useful for anything. It can't be used in a tag to obfuscate XSS attacks against other websites either, because the response isn't formatted as javascript. I guess it could be used in on other websites in order to add obfuscation, but I think the use to attackers would be quite low. What's the purpose of that? What attacks does it prevent? You're assuming that the person making the report said "boulos needs to be fired!". Maybe the person making the report said "Hey, I found some internal details on this external site. I'm not sure if this is allowed. Maybe someone who knows more should take a look at it, here's the link to the page." But someone could register the github account newsycombinator and then serve an identical phishing page at newsycombinator.github.io . I guess you're right that it's useful for takedown resistance in phishing attacks. It's useless for small, sophisticated, targeted phishing attacks, but for large blunt untargeted phishing attacks it could be useful to have a site that would be difficult to take down and censor. But I do consider phishing different than XSS. Here's where they talk about it: https://youtu.be/SKtJY6soCds?t=698 >25] Web pages that pop open other pages and windows and then disable your 'back' button. I guess the web hasn't changed that much after all in 20 years. None of the examples show quoting via ticks, that seems to be a pretty obscure feature. Thanks, I'm surprised I missed that! If the shares of BMW were evenly spread across the German population, would it have been any better? That would be about $500 of stock per person. Do people who currently hold $500 of BMW stock put much effort into following shareholder votes and such? >BMW also got fined and caught up in doing the same emissions scandal : That seems quite different from what VW did. VW made it so emissions were good during testing but bad during regular driving. That article says BMW (and others) colluded to make emissions bad all the time. When emissions are bad all the time, the testers are not being fooled about how the emissions actually look. Just now I (in the US) added TOTP (Google Authenticator) 2FA, and removed my old SMS 2FA. It does seem a bit laggy but I was able to do it and log in. I just now went to paypal and tried to change my password to something long. It said "Try another password. It must be less than 20 characters." Sure, but that means that currently there's no reason to have the limit, except that they don't want to invest any effort to change it. Names are expected to be stored in a database, passwords are not (only the hash should be stored). "Mainframe" doesn't seem like an actual answer to me. Why can't mainframes handle passwords longer than 20 characters? Are mainframes incapable of doing password hashing? Can't modern databases have text fields with a max of 20 characters, why is that problem unique to mainframes? That doesn't help you own a domain name. That just lets you configure DNS for domains. Yes, but that doesn't solve any of the problems that a1369209993 mentioned. Those subdomains can be taken away from you at any time. You have no legal ownership of them. Yes, so you knowingly click "I don't know". You don't know the value, and you know that you don't know the value. Yes, I think it's somewhat recent. The previous time I checked it didn't let me, now it does. I found this from 6 months ago mentioning it might only be US accounts[1], and this from March[2]. [1] https://www.reddit.com/r/YouShouldKnow/comments/a59knq/ysk_p... [2] https://benbrian.net/authenticator-app-support-in-paypal-fin... >but it's still deterministic Undefined behavior means the standard says demons can fly out of your nose. Those demons might behave nondeterministically. On your computer yes, but the question specifically doesn't tell you what computer and compiler are used. So thus you can't know what the number is. >which is supposed to be the point of the exercise. I don't think that assumption is justified. Someone could say the point of the exercise is to illustrate that C is confusing. If what "some" might say about what the author intends is irrelevant, then what you say about what the author intends is also irrelevant, because you are just some person (unless you're the author). My point was why should I trust your interpretation of what the author intends more than anyone else's. >"So you think you know C?" That goes along with the interpretation that the point is to illustrate C is confusing. It would go along with something like "You think you know it, you think it's simple, well actually you don't know it, it's confusing." >intended identify to test takers whether or not they really understand the intricacies of C, and to think critically about that source of their knowledge Yes, its intent is to indicate to test takers that a lot of them don't really understand the intricacies of C, which demonstrates that C is more confusing than they originally thought. >Never once does the author mention that C is confusing, use the word confusing, or otherwise indicate that general idea. Here are some quotes that indicate the idea that C is confusing: >C is not that simple. >It’s only reasonable that the type of short int and an expression with the largest integer being short int would be the same. But the reasonable doesn’t mean right for C. >Actually, it’s much more complicated than that. Take a peek at the standard, you’ll enjoy it. >The third one is all about dark corners. >The test is clearly provocative and may even be a little offensive. Then the author says that he did C for 15 years and thought he knew it, but then realized he didn't. That indicates to me either that the author is saying that he's not smart, or that C is confusing. The second appears to be the point the author is actually making. Very nice page. Although it seems to be wrong about the golden rule, the golden rule is "treat others how you want to be treated" not "treat others as they have treated you in the past". AFAIK, there are 160 bits of entropy in a bitcoin address. Let's say satoshi has ~1 million addresses with bitcoin in them (2^20). That means 2^140 attempts need to be made to steal any of satoshi's bitcoins. Cracking 128 bits of entropy is essentially impossible[1], cracking 140 bits is even harder. This collider tried 7 quadrillion addresses in 1 year[2]. That's 2^53, nowhere near 2^140. [1] https://crypto.stackexchange.com/a/1148 [2] https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/nzpv8m/the-large-bitcoin-... If you don't like "some" then replace it with me. I interpret it as the author saying C is confusing. My interpretation is also based on what the author states, fairly explicitly. And I don't think there's anything that explicitly contradicts my interpretation. The 5700 is $349[1], the Vega 56 is $299[2], that's a $50 difference, not $100. The 5700 gets 36.0 fps in Shadow of the Tomb Raider 4k, the Vega 56 gets 30.2[1]. That's a 19% improvement. Also, the Vega 56 was originally priced at $399[3]. So the price:performance has definitely improved since Vega 56 was launched. [1] https://www.anandtech.com/show/14618/the-amd-radeon-rx-5700-... [2] https://www.newegg.com/powercolor-radeon-rx-vega-56-axrx-veg... [3] https://www.anandtech.com/show/11717/the-amd-radeon-rx-vega-... Does Chrome support DoH? Scoundreller wanted a manufacturer producing "the newer biosimilar insulin for just $72-133 per year". That link doesn't appear to provide that information. >you must disclose it responsibly. While most people agree selling a vulnerability is immoral, there is much debate on whether "full disclosure" is ok, and whether "responsible disclosure" is a term anyone should ever say (some argue the correct term is "coordinated disclosure"). https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18233897 Under "Prime Video : Movies : Prime Eligible" there are 60,000 results[1]. This article says Amazon Prime has 12,000 movies[2]. [1] https://www.amazon.com/Movies-Prime-Eligible-Video/s?rh=n%3A... [2] https://www.businessinsider.com/tv-shows-and-movies-that-ove... Base64 needs 64 unique characters, but domains names don't have 64 unique characters. Also base64 could result in pure numbers as its output, leading to the exact same problem. The advice is wrong. Someone could follow the advice in the article and still be vulnerable. The article should mention the actual vulnerability: CSRF, because there's a state-changing HTTP handler with no CSRF protection. CORS doesn't automatically protect against CSRF, and people shouldn't be given that impression. The threat model seems to have 2 requirements: 1. Only if the top level url bar says zoom.us is it allowed to cause any noticeable change to the zoom native app. This means some arbitrary website cannot cause any noticeable change to the zoom native app without redirecting you to zoom.us . This also means that a sandboxed iframe, such as an embedded web ad, has no possible way to cause a noticeable change to the zoom native app, because it is not able to do top level navigation to zoom.us . 2. When the zoom native app is triggered, the user must click yes on a confirmation button before joining the meeting. I don't see people advocating that you need to be logged in to zoom.us . Achieving requirement 1 without requirement 2 is still bad, because some website could redirect to zoom.us and force you into a meeting. Achieving requirement 2 without requirement 1 is not too bad, but is annoying, because some sandboxed ad in a website could cause the zoom native app to pop up, annoying you, and could maybe almost be a DOS. All of what worthless? The advice that cakoose gives seems quite valid to me without any encryption to localhost. What do you mean encrypt calls to localhost? Encrypt with https? That sounds hard since you can't get a real CA to issue you such a cert. I don't see much point in encrypting with https because people off your machine can't sniff or intercept your connection to localhost. Is your goal to protect yourself from other programs or users on your same machine? That might be a valid concern on a machine with multiple users, but definitely makes the problem harder. Or do you want some custom application-level encryption? I can't think of a good way to implement that either, but maybe it's possible. But since I don't know what attacks you're trying to protect against, I can't tell whether there's any benefit at all to encryption. How would DNS rebinding work? I thought DNS rebinding only works if there's some sort of authority that's ambient across hostnames (such as whitelisted user IP ranges, or connectivity to a network), which doesn't seem to apply here. If you do have authority that's ambient across hostnames, my thought of how to protect yourself is to check the Host header. XSS is essentially completely separate from CORS and CSRF. XSS is a bad vulnerability, worse than CSRF, and you can't expect any type of CSRF prevention to protect against XSS. That page says that the Cookie header cannot be "manually set". Headers can still be automatically sent, and the browser can automatically send cookies from the cookie jar. So for example this will not send a request with the manually set cookie: r = new XMLHttpRequest(); r.withCredentials = true; r.addEventListener('load', function(e) {console.log('loaded: ', this, e);}); r.addEventListener('error', function(e) {console.log('error: ', this, e);}); r.open('GET', 'https://www.google.com'); r.setRequestHeader('Cookie', 'somecookie=somecookievalue') r.send(); But this will send a request with the automatically set cookies just fine: r = new XMLHttpRequest(); r.withCredentials = true; r.addEventListener('load', function(e) {console.log('loaded: ', this, e);}); r.addEventListener('error', function(e) {console.log('error: ', this, e);}); r.open('GET', 'https://www.google.com'); r.send(); Assuming the user is already logged in to bank.com , the user's cookies will be automatically sent on the request, and the transfer will go through assuming there is no CSRF protection. Not hard. Just make an html form with the values you want, then with javascript call document.getElementById("myForm").submit(); >The problem isn't that a browser might let a web page on a separate domain send and read any arbitrary request to another domain without permission That's not fully correct. Even without cookies it's bad if a.com can read a response from b.com . Why? Because b.com might be hosted on a private network, and contain private information. We don't want a.com to steal that information. Even if cookies aren't sent, there can be other types of ambient authority, and connectivity to a private network is one of those types of ambient authority. Another similar type is if a website is protected using a whitelist of user IPs. Side note: any website that uses this type of ambient authority that isn't associated with a hostname must also check the Host header to protect against DNS rebinding. Of course if the web was built from the start such that a.com can read b.com just without cookies, then such websites that rely on non-host-associated ambient authority (hopefully) wouldn't be built and you would be right. Just because a native program can do something doesn't mean a website should be able to. A native program can delete all my files without asking me. A website can't. > By default, under the same origin policy, a browser won't allow requests cross origin. Cross origin requests are allowed (as long as they're simple). Reading the response is what's blocked. I think you have a bad acronym collision with Cross-Origin Read Blocking. https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#corb Yes, but that doesn't mean we should build a website that has its CSRF security depend on the Content-Type header. There are other mechanisms to gain this security that are less confusing. >There's only a state-changing GET handler because they chose to work around CORS and you can't POST for images. I'm not sure of that. There's tons of stuff in existence that has state changing GET handlers that don't have the goal of working around CORS, check out the HN upvote button. It's conceivable to me that if Zoom managed to send a CORS response header, they might have used an XHR with GET (considering GET is the default for XHR). But a discussion of GET vs POST seems largely irrelevant, because POST doesn't solve the problem. >Implemented properly this CORS approach does protect against CSRF without the need for an explicit token. The problem is that your definition of "properly" is "must reject requests with a Content-Type other than application/json". That's a non-obvious definition of properly that's not stated in the CORS article. That body parser article is better (although it does seem mistaken about XHRs being unable to make cross-origin requests). The CORS article would be better if it mentioned the Content-Type requirement and linked to the body parser article. Although implementing CSRF protection via Content-Type is somewhat fragile. Someone might want to support a new Content-Type in the future and not realize that the Content-Type restriction is security-critical. Implementing it via an Origin check (or an X-Not-Simple-CORS: true header) would be clearer. Wouldn't that allow the token to be replayed? Attack scenario: 1. Attacker installs zoom. 2. Attacker starts to join meeting foo. 3. zoom.us creates a signed request saying "join meeting foo" and gives it to Attaker. 4. Attacker takes that signed request and sends it from attacker.com to localhost inside Victim's browser. 5. Victim's zoom native app gets the request, validates the signature, and joins the meeting. I think it can be modified to be safe if there's a key exchange between zoom.us and the native app, and zoom.us signs the key exchange with its private key. But this seems hugely overkill compared to a simple Origin check, or even compared to a traditional XSRF token (via a cookie on localhost). Are you saying that because a native app on my system can do something, a website should be able to do it too? A native app on my system can delete all my files without asking me. I don't want a website to be able to do that. If attacker.com makes a request trying to read bank.com/my-bank-account-number should attacker.com be able to do that and read the response? The same origin policy blocks the response from being read. Now that we've established that by default a.com cannot read a response from b.com , CORS allows b.com to relax this restriction so that a.com can read from b.com . This allows one website to communicate back and forth to the server of a different website, making certain APIs easier. I don't consider that useless. Everything you said agrees with what simonebrunozzi said. SMS is a bad 2FA option. The article seems to contradict itself. The table says password strength doesn't matter for brute force unless you're using an unusable password. But then in the conclusion it recommends you use a 9+ character password because that protects you from brute force. Once there's malware on the system you've completely lost, there's nothing Firefox can do ever, so there's no point in trying to provide any protection in that case. I don't know what you mean by "DFA's can't backtrack". Maybe you mean DFAs don't support backreferences, which is true, but NFAs don't support backreferences either. I believe if r is the size of the regex and d is the size of the data, an NFA is O(r) to compile and O(rd) to execute, while a DFA is O(2^r) to compile and O(d) to execute. So DFAs are slower to compile, but faster to execute. Couldn't the malware replace your Firefox icon with a version that points to a malicious patched Firefox? Or whenever it sees Firefox start, it kills it it and starts the malicious Firefox instead. >x=x still takes 555 steps That's a typo. It should say >x=xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx still takes 555 steps That sounds strange to me. If you introduce a bug then roll back very quickly, it will only affect high paying customers. If you introduce a bug then roll back a while later, it will impact high paying and low paying customers equally. Why would you want this scenario? If you flip it it seems strictly better to me. > It might also be obvious that once state 4 was reached (after x= was matched) the regular expression had matched and the algorithm could terminate without considering the final x at all. That's true if you just want a boolean result. But if you want to get the matched string (which it appears the actual code does), then you need to continue, because it's using greedy matching. The article says they're going to either switch to RE2 or Rust's regex, both of which use a DFA (a state machine) and have no backtracking. But you do bring up a good point. RE2 and Rust both compile the regex in the same process that executes it. Compiling the regex as part of your build process then pushing the compiled form could have advantages. Can't you just add comments to the actual code saying those things? I've seen code comments saying those exact things. Oh, I misunderstood you originally. I thought you said rollout from highest to lowest. You're actually saying lowest to highest. I believe WAF is a feature customers enable, not all customers have it enabled. So some customers are already open, and in theory wouldn't need to be affected by a WAF outage. The article says that even lazy matches can have catastrophic backtracking. You could use that same logic to argue that they should never write any new code, just live forever on the existing code. But customers want new features, so Stripe does changes. Plenty of other languages including a large percent of recent languages have the return type on the right. Haskell, Visual Basic, Scala, F#, Go, (Rust), Kotlin, TypeScript, Swift. Even c++ allows you to put return types on the right. Why? Because putting the types on the right allows return type deduction. I think it's better to have a single syntax (all types on the right) rather than 2 syntaxes like c++ has. https://medium.com/@elizarov/types-are-moving-to-the-right-2... Shivetya was talking about Telsa battery packs, which are rechargeable. 2a0b:f4c1::7 How is that an IPv4? >Both corporations and environmentalists should support efficient recycling and oppose innefficient recycling. Are you saying that's what corporations should morally do, or that that's what they should logically do to increase profits? It could be that a corporation saying "buy our stuff then recycle it" causes more people to buy the stuff than saying "buy our stuff then throw it away". In that situation, a profit motivated corporation would promote recycling even if it hurts the environment. But since it's different teams using different providers, there's not much need to make a single diagram with multiple providers. > Despite an uptick in foreign users over the past few years, the majority of them (75%) are based in the US. Yep >“Most people’s first mistake is they go on there and accept any task they see,” says Naab. “They’ll do these transcriptions — $0.01 to transcribe a whole receipt for Expensify. That’s a terrible ROI.” Note that even if it's only accessible by VPN, attackers can still make HTTP requests to it because when an employee connected to the VPN visits attacker.com , attacker.com can make XHR calls to internalsite.com . The attacker can't read the response (unless there are other vulnerabilities), but if you don't have CSRF protection, the attacker can perform actions on the internal site. Complete guess, but I would say they weren't just optimizing for ease of creating software, they were also optimizing for ease of creating the hardware. If you're creating hardware that's only going to be used a few times, it's probably not worth it to spend a lot of effort into giving it every feature that programmers want. It's not bad as an adjective. It's bad as a noun. The comments on that video default to sorted by new. You can change it to sorted by top. The uploader chooses the default sort, but the default for the default is top. The article sort of mentions this, but I thought it should be pointed out fully: in c/c++ from the language standpoint it's impossible to have a data race without a race condition, because a data race is undefined behavior and that means anything can happen, including race conditions. Change google.com to google.cn and it lines up. >The misuse of the phone numbers was first identified in media reports and by academics this year. Wasn't it in 2018? https://gizmodo.com/facebook-is-giving-advertisers-access-to... >In this case, you need to make sure you can recognize the new value and not explode just from seeing it, then get that shipped everywhere. Then you have to be able to do something reasonable when it occurs, and get that shipped everywhere. Finally, you can flip whatever flag lets you start actually emitting that new value and see what happens. Can't those first 2 steps be combined together? Why do they need to be shipped separately? I get that there need to be 2 rollouts. What I don't get is that the post says there need to be 3 rollouts. Sorry, I still don't understand. The post say you need to do 1. Have the code recognize the new value. Get that shipped everywhere. 2. Have the code do something reasonable when the new value appears. Get that shipped everywhere. 3. Start emitting the new value. My proposal is 1. Have the code recognize the new value. Have the code do something reasonable when the new value appears. Get that shipped everywhere. 2. Start emitting the new value. If the user has to manually update, and might refuse to do so, the problem exists under both the 3 step and the 2 step process. So nothing is gained by using the 3 step process. If the client and backend are updated independently, that should still be fine with the 2 step process. The 2 step process says "Get that shipped everywhere", meaning shipped to both the client and the backend. So you're saying with the 3 step rollout if rollout 3/3 goes bad you should rollback straight to 1/3? I guess that does make a bit of sense in the case of a database where the newly created values can stick around. But also there could have been a bug in 1/3 that wasn't exposed until step 3/3. Meaning even rolling back to 1/3 won't solve the problem. The 2 step rollout is safe if we assume there are no bugs in the code, but problematic if there are bugs. But the 3 step rollout is also problematic if there are bugs. I guess the 3 step rollout has the advantage that it partitions off a section that might be buggier than other sections so that it can be individually disabled. But that'll only help sometimes, and I'm not sure if the additional complexity is worth it. Flag flip vs code push doesn't seem to make a difference to me. All 3 rollouts could be flag flips enabling code that was written much earlier but hidden behind flags. Another problem is doing a double rollback like that seems a bit risky to me, because other features that were being deployed simultaneously might not have been designed to handle a double rollback, only a single rollback, so they could break. If we want to allow double rollbacks, we must require that all development not just handle single rollbacks smoothly but also double rollbacks. It's functionally the same, because attackers can brute force all phone numbers to reverse the hash. > how do you allow two mutually untrusted client devices to determine that they share a common secret, without disclosing the secret? Use a PAKE. Although I think they all require two-way communication. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Password-authenticated_key_agr... No, calling a number is expensive. It takes time, processing power, a phone plan, etc. It also alerts the victim, as well as your phone provider who will likely shut you down. Calculating a hash is cheap, a single GPU can calculate 5 billion sha256 hashes/second. Interesting. Looking at the code, it uses the first 3 bytes of the sha256 hash. That's 24 bits of entropy, or 16777216 possibilities. So if you know the area code, you can find the full phone number with decent probability. https://github.com/hexway/apple_bleee/blob/master/hash2phone... > Thanks to my ex and I both having first-hand experience with family members having similar names, we both agreed on making sure our children had names that wouldn't cause that type of issue for them. My aunt was in that same position, tired of her name being confused with other people in the family. So she named her 3 daughters 3 names unique from anyone in the family. Then 3 of her brothers in law married 3 women with those same 3 names. >I really like the self checkout machines and being in control of how long the transaction takes instead of up to the whims of which cashier I've chosen But if there's a line for the self checkout machines, you're not at the whim of a cashier, you're at the whim of some customers who many not know how to operate the checkout machines well. I don't understand the emplace_back example. I don't see any copies (or moves) happening there at all, so yes, no copy elision can happen. But it doesn't make sense to want copy elision when you already have no copies. But yes, I don't think push_back can do full copy elision, but I don't think there's a real need, because it can use move instead of copying. Is the spec specific about which cases it's required and which cases it's optional? Because simply saying "it's required if the compiler can determine it" is quite open ended. Anti-patterns have nothing to do with dark patterns. Anti-patterns harm the developer accidentally, dark patterns harm the user intentionally. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-pattern Generally tricking the user into doing something would be considered harmful. Although it is an interesting question whether it's still considered a dark pattern if you trick the user into doing something that helps the user. For example in some videogames if you play for hours they'll give a popup telling you to take a break. What if that popup had the options "Sure" and "No, I don't care about my health". Or if you design a UI so that it's really annoying to order unhealthy food, but easy to order healthy food. It depends on your threat model. If you're worried about sophisticated attackers physically breaking in to your place to steal a Yubikey to steal your accounts, you should also worry about them physically tampering with your computer to install malware, and thus need monitoring for that as well. If you can't do the monitoring, and you face very advanced attackers like this, it's probably best to only use a laptop that you physically keep with you at all times, and then you can keep your Yubikey with you at all times too. If you just want to protect against an attacker sophisticated enough to steal a Yubikey but not enough to install malware, then maybe instead of a second Yubikey in the safe deposit box, you could have an encrypted recovery code in the safe deposit box, and either memorize the password, or store the password on your computer. I've never heard of attackers stealing a Yubikey though. More likely is the attacker will social engineer the website's support into giving over your account. I would want to buy that insurance from the bank. If I buy the insurance from somewhere else, then the bank doesn't really have a financial incentive to keep my stuff safe. Yeah, I would expect the premium to be higher if the insurer knows there's not much incentive for the bank to protect the item. Also I consider a loss and insurance payout to be worse than no loss and no payout. Because it's a hassle to do the paperwork and rebuy items. And there might be sentimental items that a payout doesn't fully replace. So it's best to have a system that reduces the chance of a loss. >The insurer should demand and receive rights to collect damages from the bank. If that's possible then yes, that's great. But it sounds like banks refuse to do that. Some banks cap their liability at $500, or $25,000, or 10x annual rent, or 500x annual rent. Yes, fires are one of the main problems that a safe deposit box protects against. But Bucephalus355 seemed to be ignoring them already by considering just having a safe onsite. shinnn is claiming his account was hacked, and the hacker added the code. Generally if a hacker hacks someone's npm account and adds harmful code, that would be considered malicious and an exploit. > “dumb people always think they’re smarter than they actually are” But that makes it sound like only people at the bottom overestimate themselves, when in reality 80% of people overestimate themselves. How about this rewrite: "People who aren't experts think they're smarter than they actually are." And get rid of the word "always", we're talking about averages, not about certainty in every case. 500%? I don't think you can compare percentiles like that. Let's say someone estimates his percentile to be the 3rd percentile (aka 97% of people are better) and in reality he's in the 1st percentile (99% of people are better). Did he overestimate his ability by 200%? I wouldn't say so, I would say he was very very close. Even at non-extreme percentiles I don't think such a comparison works. For example in some area it might be that people at the 10th percentile know nearly the same amount as people at the 50th percentile. If it's some area that most people know little about. So the abilities of someone at the 10th percentile would be nearly the same as the abilities of someone at the 50th percentile. So overestimating your percentile by a lot is not the same as overestimating your abilities by a lot. Yes, but it sounds like Harry Garrood doesn't have enough evidence to outright accuse shinnn of lying, and the NPM team also is acting as if shinnn isn't lying. So instead of going on a lone and not-fully-backed-up crusade accusing shinnn of lying that could wind up in a he-said-she-said situation with negative fallout, Harry instead decided to use shinnn's words for his own benefit, and hype it up as a serious NPM account hacker inserting malicious code. If they were made in China before the patent was filed, I think that would be prior art, meaning the patent is invalid. Are you referring to the Leahy–Smith America Invents Act of 2011? It sounds like that still says prior art stops the ability to file. > Actions and prior art that bar patentability under the Act include public use, sales, publications, and other disclosures available to the public anywhere in the world as of the filing date, other than publications by the inventor within one year of filing (inventor's "publication-conditioned grace period"), whether or not a third party also files a patent application. The law also notably expanded prior art to include foreign offers for sale and public uses. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leahy-Smith_America_Invents_Ac... >There will always be a majority Not if there are more than 2 groups. There could easily be 3 minorities with 0 majorities. Do you mean the enhanced spell checker which is off by default? The regular spell checker is done locally. https://www.google.com/chrome/privacy/whitepaper.html Huh? It seems the exact opposite of that. The top comment here is blaming Jira[1]. But when Capital One got hacked last week due to apparently some AWS misconfiguration, it seemed no one blamed AWS (even though the hacker had previously worked at AWS)[2]. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20597264 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20560342 I don't really understand how it can use UCS-2. I don't think UCS-2 can represent emoji. If there are surrogate pairs, I thought that was more of UTF-16 rather than UCS-2. Wikipedia says UCS-2 cannot go outside the BMP range (which emojis are). >UCS-2 differs from UTF-16 by being a constant length encoding[4] and only capable of encoding characters of BMP. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-16 There does seem to be some disagreement on this topic though. I wonder if it could be described as WTF-16. https://simonsapin.github.io/wtf-8/ One problem is that from reading the words there's no way to know what rhythm is intended, in fact the words are often written in a misleading way. So I start beatboxing the way I think the rhythm is, then I listen to the audio and it's very different. For example: Bud D Daughter Kiss D Daughter Bad Double T Kiss D Daughter Considering each line to be one measure, I thought bad would start at the beginning of the measure. But in the recording it starts partway into the measure. Demonstration: https://i.imgur.com/10lFVDm.png Goose Kid D Bubble D Cat Cat This example is even more confusing. I thought both lines would be 4 beats. But the recording has the first line as 3 beats and the second line as 5 beats. Demonstration: https://i.imgur.com/YWzHDED.png It wasn't simply "showing interest in benefits or plans", it was showing "unusual interest" in them. Amazon commented on the video saying Gizmodo "“cherry-picked soundbites” from the video". If it was fake, Amazon wouldn't say something like that, Amazon would say it's fake. https://gizmodo.com/amazons-aggressive-anti-union-tactics-re... >So why was it even there? >The list exists so that publishers and developers can invite analysts and media to events and private viewings that take place during the E3 show. >We provide ESA members and exhibitors a media list on a password-protected exhibitor site so they can invite you to E3 press events, connect with you for interviews, and let you know what they are showcasing. Why should salts be stored elsewhere? If you have some high-security other storage, why don't you store the password hashes there? NDA? The article is about a non-compete, not an NDA. Why isn't "computer security" or "infosec" good enough? Shubham Shah got $80k in 120 days (that would be $243k in 1 year) while additionally working a full time regular job. That's probably the very top end, and he did have to sacrifice his mental health for it. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12188786 >Then my eyes moved down the thread, where a third user had left a new comment. It read: “King Canute was supposed to stop the tide, you couch alluder.” It seems to me that comment is a joke. Playfully nitpicking word choice while putting in a bit of banter. But the article seems to be taking the comment as a serious argument/insult. There are exploit brokers. The biggest public one I know of is https://zerodium.com/ . Before zerodium existed I think it was a bit more personal. Here's an article about the Grugq acting as a broker. https://www.forbes.com/sites/andygreenberg/2012/03/21/meet-t... I think in this case "larger profit" doesn't mean profitable, it means "less magnitude of negative profit". What do you mean the JS is related to LGBT? The rainbow animation? The rainbow animation is done by CSS. Hah, with noscript enabled I simultaneously didn't notice the right click disable, but did notice that an animation was still occurring. The python binary itself will take some memory. Although maybe it can be shared with other running python processes. >However, doing so defeats the purpose of two-factor authentication (2FA). There are still some 2FA benefits from this. The biggest one is for people who reuse passwords. Some websites might put you into a higher security tier if you have 2FA. Also if you have to choose between SMS vs this, this has some benefits, for example it can't be hijacked by social engineering your phone provider. Also it says regular TOTP protects you from keyloggers. That's not fully true, because the keylogger could steal your TOTP code as you enter it into the website. If the keylogger is realtime, it could log into your account before you're able to. Or if you assume there's malware on your computer, it could steal your cookies, or perform whatever account actions it wants directly on your computer. >because the attacker can steal the TOTP secret key My question is why are we worrying so much about theft of the secret key? There are easier things to steal and abuse (cookies, TOTP codes, website data). Those can be stolen even if the TOTP generator is a different device than the logging in device. Whether it's a bug or not depends on what the desired behavior is. People disagree on what the desired behavior, thus people disagree about whether they are bugs. If your desired behavior is to obey the spec and run as quickly as possible then they are not bugs. The user hostility could be argued to be in the spec. I wrote an ACH generator in Thoroughbred Script-IV[1] as an intern. It was pretty funny when my malformed ACH file generated $1 out of thin air (the bank took the dollar back a few days later). Trying to do JSON in Script-IV would have been quite a challenge. One thing I remember was I think there were 3 different places in the ACH file to insert company name, and they were fixed length, each with a different length. I had a list of companies to support, so for each company, I carefully created 3 different abbreviated names for it, one for each length, applying more extreme abbreviation strategies for the shorter lengths. [1] http://www.thoroughbredsoftware.com/reference/DOCUMENTATION/... 200 consumers, ouch >Not everyone showing symptoms smoked THC cartridges Are we sure about that? The article doesn't seem to say that to me. It also says that patients sometimes lie about what they vape. You're talking about this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3aEv3EzMyQ ? On CSGO, AMD wins on average FPS, ties on 95%, and loses on 99%. On Rainbow Six: Seige, AMD wins on average FPS, but loses on 95% and 99%. On the other 3 games (Shadow of the Tomb Raider, Metro: Exodus, and Battlefield V), Intel wins all 3 categories. So overall, Intel still wins. What you do mean by the "mongoDB trap"? Are you saying companies are hurt by the license, or are you saying companies are hurt by software's behavior (e.g. consistency model)? Maybe I'm misunderstanding, but I thought the new license is just about offering MongoDB as a service by itself. But if you're making any other sort of website and use MongoDB as a database, you can still install it and use it for free. If the companies got lured into using MongoDB as a service, then I understand that prices could increase and companies could be in a pickle. But if companies got lured into using MongoDB as software, I don't see how they could have a problem. I guess it could be both, but I consider them to be two completely separate issues, and referring to them together as "the mongoDB trap" without any further clarification is quite confusing to me. It could easily lead to misunderstanding, and people "answering" the question with only partial answers. Additionally I'm curious how the license is harming companies, as I mentioned in this comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20862996 So you're saying MongoDB is good software, but not quite as good as yours. And you're saying the license is bad. Did you migrate away before or after the license change? Could you elaborate on how companies are hurt by the license? I think it's fairly clear auslegung is asking about the second. Mentioning "my iPhone" and "Any suggestion is appreciated, I’m willing to at least try it." doesn't indicate that auslegung wants to make changes to how iOS is architected. Maybe he did it because things got so disastrous that he couldn't think of any other way out. > If he looks into it further and finds out that the person who vanished in that water was in serious debt or that they were “some kind of reluctant witness or litigant who has the resources to disappear in a puff of smoke,” he says it’s “just the most obvious thing. We see it all the time.” The Push Front time could be improved to O(1)* by making it circular. Assuming "*" means amortized. But as-is it does provide a better comparison to an array. A circular IgushArray would be better compared to a circular array (which an std::vector isn't). When it was released in 2017: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14840913 Which phrase, that they take the security of it seriously? What would you replace it with? Would you recommend just deleting that sentence? I think it goes well with the bug bounty sentence. The article mentions the Leaf driver had the screen set to constantly monitor battery temperature. I don't know Japanese, but I had Japanese auto-generated captions auto translated to English, and while it was mostly nonsense, the driver did seem to mention temperature throughout the race. There also appeared to be other videos of the driver racing a leaf interspersed with the main race. So the driver's knowledge is probably largely around exactly how hard he can push the car without the battery overheating. This is also a problem for having the drivers switch cars. If they don't have the knowledge of the car they're driving, they cannot fully take advantage of it. (Ironically) I'm unable to understand what your comment is saying. The original article, instead of a slashdot user's summary of the article: https://www.forbes.com/sites/joetoscano1/2019/09/03/google-h... > He passed away on March 1st, 2019 and they said the only time they’ve used his information anywhere is with the lawyers, estate managers, bankers, etc who were helping in the process of our family dealing with his death. Did any of those lawyers, estate managers, bankers, etc, send a form to be filled out in in the browser? That doesn't seem as remote. It's only a 27 minute drive to a populated edge of Hyderabad (Canara Nagar, Peerzadiguda). Whereas from California City it's an 81 minute drive to San Fernando, the nearest populated edge of Los Angeles. Additionally there's a favorite button. Favorites are public, upvotes are private. There's a slidedeck and presentation that's been posted to HN a number of times about Call of Duty's servers using Erlang. https://www.erlang-factory.com/upload/presentations/395/Erla... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14120506 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2671755 https://vimeo.com/26307654 You mean like LastPass? I don't use it, but it seems pretty secure to me. The passwords are encrypted with a password that only you the user know. So if their servers are compromised, your passwords are not. Sure they can push out a malicious update that steals your passwords, but so can any program you have installed on your computer, it's just a bit harder. Just make sure not to vandalize it as much as much as Linus Sebastian's car at LTX 2018. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCSyNKbapdE Gathering a lot of data in a legally dubious way, and publishing a statistical report on it. Reminds me of the Carna botnet. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carna_botnet https://web.archive.org/web/20151013010243/http://internetce... In Firefox on Windows it renders for me as 1. HN bans most emoji. That's pretty annoying on a post like this. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17508962 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19482991 Why does there need to be a legitimate business purpose? What about freedom of speech? It's my website and I'll publish what I want to. Yes, the court was right to block LinkedIn's abuse of the CFAA. But the court was wrong that say that LinkedIn must show HIQ the same website as LinkedIn shows everyone else. What do you mean trivial to bypass? If I have an account secured with a password and with Duo, then I give you my password, can you get into my account? How? Will adding developer-centric features help reduce vulnerabilities? Generally adding any feature would increase vulnerabilities because of the increased surface area. Were the transfers right before? The article mentions a transfer in 2009. I wonder what the battery life of a keyfob like that would be. Is it possible Indeed is only counting base salary, and not stock and bonus? I don't understand why number of shares would be useful. levels.fyi asks for stock grant value, not stock vest value. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Just because some Facebook employees' stocks went up after grant, and some Facebook employees' stock went down after grant, does not indicate what your granted stock will do after you get hired by Facebook. Also, if you do want to try to predict future stock moves via past stock moves, simply look at the stock charts. You can predict how much stock you will be granted via levels.fyi then adjust that based on how you predict the stock will move. I don't see how knowing how many stocks employees are granted will help you predict anything. >especially for new employees looking to compare the value of a promotion / offer versus what the company is paying somebody 2-3 years their senior. If you want to compare what you are given to what someone else is given, isn't grant price better than number of shares? Grant price is what the company gives people. >If a company drops the number of shares much faster than the stock appreciates, then that can signal they over-value their stock. Maybe. Or maybe the company is simply paying employees less. Or maybe they're migrating to provide more compensation via salary or bonus instead of stock. Why would a company cut down on the number of shares granted if they overvalue their stock? Another thing is that a company could do a simultaneous stock buyback, which wouldn't cause the number of shares in existence to increase, and would only cost the company market price for the stock. If you are given the average number of shares that an employee has vest per year, how can you determine if a company is dropping the number of shares? Really what you would want is data on every single grant event each employee has been given. If you know the date of each grant event, it's then equivalent whether you know the number of stocks of each grant event or the dollar value at grant time of each grant event. Probably for a similar reason to why c++ releases a new standard every 3 years. This blog post explains c++'s reasoning: https://herbsutter.com/2019/07/13/draft-faq-why-does-the-c-s... >Chelsea Manning was a really good friend of his Do you have a source for that? Look at the chats on wikipedia. The chat starts with an introduction then immidiately mentions access to classified networks. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chelsea_Manning#Chats Actually Manning (regardless of first name) was not really good friends with Adrian. The life example is weaker than the project example. In the project example, not only does the total project time increase with spent time, but the time left increases with spent time. I doubt Hacker News automatically merging 2 lines into 1 line was the cause of the original bug. I don't see where that article mentions that "[h]e's harassed and bothered dozens of women in and outside of MIT." You think it's a bogus article? Look through the reference list here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blue_Fugates The car chargers at McDonald's aren't free (unlike phone chargers). If you have a home with an electrical outlet reachable by the car, I would assume that would be cheaper. I also wonder how the McDonald's electricity price per mile compares to gas price per mile of typical cars. >If I can compile audited code from source myself That assumes you can get the code. If it's illegal to distribute non-backdoored software, the code might be hard to get, for example Github might be forced to take it down. golemiprague might not be saying anything about those specific companies, just saying that in general, there's not a reason for us to want to recycle plastic. Why do you believe that? Apple made quite a lot of news by refusing to unlock the iPhone 5C from the San Bernardino shooting. Helping nation state actors find vulnerabilities would be contrary to their previous actions. Ah, the Peter Principle. But I'm not so sure it will work. Maybe the higher level will allow more editorial decisions, and we've already seen problems there. Hmm, I think it could be either, depending on whether leadership viewed the author as incompetent. If leadership viewed the author as incompetent, it's the Dilbert Principle. If leadership viewed the author as competent, it's the Peter Principle. I don't understand. vuln seemed to be suggesting Apple would give pre-jailbroken devices to governments to find vulnerabilities with instead of giving them to established white hat researchers. I don't see how that would help good guys reveal bugs. Even if there's a paper trail, that doesn't mean it won't happen. For example here's a guy who got fired for transferring a number without the code: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/6nxkbl/so_... I wonder how it compares to AWS Systems Manager Session Manager. I think there are multiple definitions of "using DoH". I think that guide sets this up: Browser -[regular DNS]-> pihole -[regular DNS]-> cloudflared -[DoH]-> 1.1.1.1 So of the 3 hops, only 1 uses DoH. And specifically, the browser itself doesn't talk DoH. > They can put explicit bounties for whistle blowing them and revealing privacy violations. Employees blowing the whistle internally, or externally? If they want to encourage employees to blow the whistle externally, they could put a carve out for that in their NDA. Archive.is does not block all requests lacking EDNS. They specifically block requests coming from Cloudflare's datacenters. Cloudflare is not accidentally misconfiguring their EDNS, Cloudflare is intentionally not sending EDNS. Sorry, I don't understand. I was referring to this quote: > I think it's fair to say your site is just offline for some users due to a config mistake. Archive.is is not making an accidental mistake. Archive.is is behaving very intentionally. They've said so on Twitter. And I believe profmonocle agrees with me on that point. Sources for archive.is blocking Cloudflare's datacenters: The exact same command fails when sent from Cloudflare's datacenters, but succeeds when sent from DigitalOcean: https://community.cloudflare.com/t/archive-is-error-1001/182... Two more sources: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19830258 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19829036 What are the stricter requirements? Here was the previous discussion when that was abandoned on July 16: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20454966 >This one gets a bug tracker entry. For now. A comment from the reporter on the bug tracker entry: >A more detailed explanation of this bug and the methodology to identify it will be written up in a forthcoming blog post when I find the time. Note that that blog post was published in August 2019, while the vulnerabilities mentioned in the blog post were reported in a wide range of dates from October 2017[1] to December 2018[2] (that's the latest one I found in a quick skim, maybe there are later ones). This Android vulnerability was reported September 2019[3], so it may take 8-22 months before the blog post comes out. The reporter does intend to post a blog post about it[3]. [1] https://bugs.chromium.org/p/project-zero/issues/detail?id=14... [2] https://bugs.chromium.org/p/project-zero/issues/detail?id=17... [3] https://bugs.chromium.org/p/project-zero/issues/detail?id=19... Generally to exploit an OS from within Chrome you need 2 vulnerabilities: (1) to break out from javascript into machine code execution within the sandbox, (2) to break out of the sandbox into the general OS (and maybe (3) to then get root on the OS). From my reading of this comment[1], it sounds like this vulnerability is such that if an attacker has vulnerability (1), this vulnerability can be used as vulnerability (2) and (3). It sounds like NSO group either had or has a separate vulnerability (1), possibly something from [2]. [1] https://bugs.chromium.org/p/project-zero/issues/detail?id=19... [2] https://www.cvedetails.com/product/15031/Google-Chrome.html?... >1.The IP address you are on has shown problematic activity online recently in one of our data sources. If you would like to look your IP up, then please look your IP up at Project Honeypot. If the IP address shows data for malicious activity, you can see why there. You can also attempt to whitelist your IP directly on that page by connecting from that IP. If no bad activity is seen from the IP address after a two-week period, then the challenge behavior will stop against that IP address. https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/203366080-W... Can't any program on your computer also just keylog your master password and get your whole database? That's worse than getting individual passwords from the clipboard. Hmm, what if a malicious program modifies your PATH (or creates a bash alias) so that whatever command you use before you enter your master password is now replaced with a backdoored one? Is the browser extension configuration owned by root? I thought that would be owned by your user. So the malware could modify that configuration. "Everybody knows Taiwan is a distinct country" is referring to people, not to governments. Just because a government doesn't recognize a country doesn't mean the people under that government don't recognize the country. >Similarly if the "moral" thing for these companies to do is to divest from China, then HK will only be served by Chinese companies Would it be possible to divest from all of China except Hong Kong? Aren't all business expenses tax deductible? Sounds exactly like Weird Al's song "Mission Statement". https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyV_UG60dD4 >Are people doing this just to annoy users who prefer password managers? People are doing it because they don't understand password managers, and think blocking them makes people more secure. They believe that if a password is in a manager, that password is less secure than if that password was purely in the user's head. > (like credit card info for instance) should absolutely never be auto-completed One of LastPass's advertised features is credit card autofill. I assume they advertise it because some users like it. https://www.lastpass.com/autofill Isn't that essentially shorting the stock? Do they have contracts saying they will provide power 100% of the time? Is them shutting the power off different from a tree falling on the line cutting power off? What if power went out due to some equipment failing that they didn't perform proper maintenance on? How would it stop XSS? Is it meant to stop attackers from getting JS execution on your site, or to mitigate the attackers' abilities after they have JS execution? I don't see how it would do either. Why can you only XSS yourself? If an attacker has javascript execution on the website, the javascript can identify forms not just via their names, but by relation to other elements in the DOM tree. The javascript can for example do document.querySelector("form > input"); That doesn't rely on names at all. Just like a human can use eyes to find the right input, the javascript can use the DOM tree to find the right input. I understand that it provides CSRF protection. It's basically a CSRF token embedded in the name. I consider that similar to a bug in the browser or the operating system. Should the bank require that I only use specific browsers or operating systems? In fact any program I install on my computer could have a vulnerability, or be malicious and thus lead to my password being stolen. Should the bank require that I not install any programs except ones they specifically permit? The bank should also consider which is more frequent: user account compromises due to weak/reused passwords, or user account compromises due to password manager bugs. Why is it different? That sounds like it could be exactly what mariomariomario described. Have you tried archive.org? https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2801964 And of course forward vs foreword. Hmm, I guess it could provide some protection against some types of XSS, but it's not comprehensive. It doesn't provide any protection against stored XSS. And even for reflected XSS, it assumes the only dynamic thing in your URL is form inputs. An example of something dynamic in your URL that's not a form input would be links to various articles posted through some type of CMS. For example http://example.com/article?id=foo or even http://example.com/article/foo . In both cases if foo doesn't exist, a badly-written error page could print out "Error, foo was not found" without escaping foo. > that they didn't notice any civilization existing. The article never says they thought civilization didn't exist. They were waiting for civilization to end, they didn't think it already ended. > I don’t think there is anything preventing them from defending him or EO13769 is there? The new ban on politics would ban them from defending Trump or EO13769 in the workplace. Before the ban they could have defended Trump and EO13769, and the following discussion would have likely devolved even further than just "'F* Trump', written out". That was in the section wondering why he survived but the other 2 people in the same hospital didn't. Would those 2 people have gotten different doctors or gotten less effort from the doctors? Generally companies treat the SMS 2FA as an additional check, so it's a security improvement. But some companies also then allow it to be used for password recovery, which is generally a security regression. Also multiple companies have used SMS 2FA numbers for ad targeting. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21197553 Interesting that garbage collection is listed as a miss due to latency, and Go has gotten popular with garbage collection with an emphasis on low latency. If I share some information with a friend of a friend, should that information be viewable by an app that the friend of a friend activated? For Cambridge Analytica, the answer was "yes", so Cambridge Analytica was able to scrape a bunch of stuff. If we make the answer "no", then it won't be possible to build alternate UIs, because the Facebook UI will be able to show my friend of a friend my information, but an alternate UI won't be able to do so. That return err from the goroutine looks wrong, I don't think the error is ever used. log.Fatalln(err) would keep the behavior of the V code. log.Fatalln() does an os.Exit(1), it doesn't just cause that particular goroutine to stop[1]. log.Panicln() will also cause the entire program to exit unless there's a recover[2]. log.Println(err) would be better than returning err, because returning err makes people wrongly think the error is being handled somewhere, when in reality nothing is looking at the return value. Using defer for that seems a bit strange though. [1] https://play.golang.org/p/wwiq1bYjwVH [2] https://play.golang.org/p/MpzafFlBSfx What do you mean by tracking? How do they generally cash out? Sell to other investors? IPO? >If he wasn't white would he have a job? What part of his story would have been different if he wasn't white? He was 16 when he killed his brother, and was sentenced to life in prison. He got a parole hearing because of a 2014 California law giving parole hearings to all people sent to prison who were under 18 at the time of the crime. Would the parole hearing be racially biased? The Last Mile's screening process doesn't appear racially biased, it required no infractions in the last 2 years, passing a logic test, and no cybercrimes. Would Checkr's hiring be racially biased? They have a special program for hiring ex-criminals, it seems strange that they would be simultaneously racially biased. The tweet says: >Yep, TC had the numbers early and published almost 10 min before numbers actually hit the wires. It appears the official announcement was supposed to be at 4:10pm EDT[1]. The tweet was at 4:07pm EDT. It's likely the tweet was posted several minutes after the TechCrunch article. So that lines up with the TechCrunch article being ~10 minutes early. The author of the TechCrunch article tweeted it at 4:32pm EDT[2]. There is an archive.org snapshot from 4:02pm EDT in which it has a 404[3]. I'm guessing that snapshot was after it had been taken down, and before it had been put back up. Because if it was before it was ever posted, it raises the question of how did archive.org know which URL to snapshot? [1] https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20191022006082/en/ [2] https://twitter.com/JoshConstine/status/1186742106175393792 [3] https://web.archive.org/web/20191022200231/https://techcrunc... Some hackers could break in and steal the press releases and make $100M selling them to stock traders. In fact they hacked Business Wire, which was in charge of Snap's earnings release today. https://www.theverge.com/2018/8/22/17716622/sec-business-wir... https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20191022006082/en/ >cross-site requests (third-party cookies) I thought "third-party cookies" generally referred to cookies that were set in a third-party context. Whereas you're talking about cookies being read in a third-party context. Oh, you're right there isn't a distinction, for some reason I thought there was. That reminds me of this post which touches on that idea. https://slatestarcodex.com/2019/09/18/too-much-dark-money-in... Previously bugs in how iOS with how it handles certain unicode combining characters meant that an attacker could crash someone's iPhone just by sending a text. I'm not sure if it was buggy logic in the font. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16386444 I kind of doubt that. The Internet, movies, TV, etc would keep us all connected enough that we would still all be able to understand each other. This article[1] even mentions some grammar forms where America and Britain diverged that have joined back together (I assume due to the Internet etc) ("can I", subjunctive, and British slang). [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21293876 The purpose of slow rollouts is to catch bugs before they affect everyone. We already have evidence this is buggy software, so slow rollouts are even more important. And even if there aren't any other bugs, this scenario must have caused a lot of stress for the people in charge of the rollout. The attacker's goal isn't to have the spam sites outrank his. The goal is to have his lower ranked, I assume so that when people search about polygraphs, they see top-ranked sites that are pro-polygraph instead of anti-polygraph. The attackers seem to have achieved that goal. >From the outside view, you took your own website (and domain you own) and began low quality black hat SEO. Huh? The black hat SEO wasn't happening on his site, but on a ton of hacked sites unrelated to him. What's visiting the links? Your phone? How do you do it in Chrome? There are a lot of people asking to disable autoplay even on silent videos. The main reason is they want to save bandwidth. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=514102 Another reason I've heard is that when you have a multithreaded compiler, the order the threads execute could change, and that could cause the output code to be different. I don't think Ajedi32 disagrees with you. I think Ajedi32 is saying that in addition to the all the resolutions that are a multiple of 200x100, a few more resolutions should be allowed, such as 1920x1080. That would likely cause some sites to break. Also I wonder how it would interact with CSS. Also I wonder if there would be methods to detect the actual height (such as by testing if something is visible or not, or testing for mouse location, and seeing how many pixels it takes for the mouse to go off the edge). > any sites you visit can record and track much of your behaviour there (just like with normal browsers) Tor Browser hides some of your information. For example it hides your IP address (that's the whole point of Tor). There are some other anti-tracking things built in. > Websites with .onion addresses are more resistant to tracking Tracking you or tracking the site? The point of .onion isn't to give the user any more protection, it's to give the website protection. With a .onion site you are unable to find the website's IP address. sremani's comment seemed inflammatory to me, but not racist. We should all try to interpret people's intentions as the best possible intentions instead of the worst possible intentions. I highly doubt it's sremani's intention is to selectively hurt third world people. I think it's highly likely that sremani instead believes there's some sort of danger in golden rice, and wants to prevent it from contaminating the food supply and the environment. In sremani's view, sremani is saving third world people from that danger. Instead of calling sremani racist, we'll make more progress by instead giving evidence that there's no danger in golden rice and that it will help people. > benefits are too diffuse and too hard to measure. Wouldn't "the feature gets done in 1 day instead of 2 weeks" be a very specific benefit? >JFC... I never understood why that "improvement" was necessary in the first place. What improvement are you talking about? Mobile phones truncate the URL bar because phone screens are physically narrow. Maybe I'm misunderstanding. I think "the benefits [of technical debt]" are the reasons for taking on technical debt. When you take on technical debt it's for a specific feature that's needed, not for something that hasn't been dreamed up yet. I would expect that to require an extremely huge amount of money and be impractical. Candidates + parties + PACs + lobbying + think tanks + advocacy organizations spent $10B in 2018 in the US, whereas the US almond industry made $12B in 2018. So I expect political spending to not be able to change ad prices very much compared to commercial ad spending. https://slatestarcodex.com/2019/09/18/too-much-dark-money-in... >What you're describing is cooperating with the status quo, which is definitely an exercise of power. Working for ICE as an engineer would be you exercising your power for ICE. But working for GitHub as an engineer, where GitHub is customer-agnostic, doesn't seem like an exercise of power to me. Anyone can use the product you build, it's not specifically for ICE. Similarly if you design a car and some cars of that design get used by ICE, that doesn't seem like an exercise of power in favor of ICE, unless you build features specifically for ICE. Threatening to quit if GitHub continues to sell to ICE seems like an exercise of power against ICE. Silently quitting and not telling anyone why you quit I would consider a very slight exercise of power against ICE, because over time if it happens enough, businesses that deal with ICE will be less competent that businesses that don't deal with ICE, and that will harm ICE slightly. It forces developers to comply, but it doesn't impose any restrictions on the users of the software. In fact it forces developers to not impose any restrictions on the users of the software. Yeah I do see there are a lot of similarities. But I think the main difference lies in that copyleft limits itself purely to the realm of controlling how modified software is distributed. The only thing it limits is how modified software is distributed. The only thing it requires is how modified software is distributed. When a developer writes software to be used by others, it's necessary for the developer to decide how to distributed it, and copyleft provides an answer. Copyleft doesn't venture past the developer's necessary role. On the other hand, limiting providing stuff to ICE ventures out of the developer's necessary question of how to distribute software and now starts thinking about human suffering, jails, politics, etc. You've gone past the question of how to distribute software, and are now thinking about broader topics. Looks like he made contributions to a private repository on Oct 25. I thought torrent traffic was generally not encrypted. >Quillette being a white nationalist publication is either a joke, or the definition has been stretched so far out of shape that it is unrecognizable. What are you talking about? Is grepthisab or the article saying Quillette is a white nationalist publication? In both Chrome and Firefox, when I type "example.com" into the URL bar, I go to https://example.com , probably because I've visited the https site before and they remember that. So I do not recommend example.com . I don't think HTTPS is the default automatically. When I create a new Chrome profile, then type example.com into the url bar and hit enter, I go to http://example.com . Then when I type https://example.com twice (each time hitting enter) then type example.com and hit enter, I go to https://example.com . So I think it might be whichever is more common in your history. Firefox behaves very similarly, except I don't have to visit https://example.com twice before it becomes the default, I just have to visit it once. Not if you get out of work and your kids get out of school at a specific time. Some users on Stack Exchange/Stack Overflow saw that ads were messing with audio APIs and thought the ads were trying to play audio. It turns out the ads were actually doing audio fingerprinting. https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/331960/why-is-stack... The attack could still work in some cases, and is as described in the linked post. Your webmail provider has a search box, and the content that is returned is styled with Roboto. If the search finds nothing, then Roboto isn't loaded. The attacker forces Rotobo out of the cache with a specially formatted fetch() request, then loads an iframe of the search. Then the attacker checks if Roboto is in the cache or not. This allows the attacker to essentially read your email inbox. https://sirdarckcat.blogspot.com/2019/03/http-cache-cross-si... The web audio APIs allow you to generate an audio waveform, process that waveform, and then read the waveform. The article covers how to do this. I'm still a bit confused about why it provides such a good fingerprint, I would have thought it would only vary by browser and version, and then only if the browser updates its audio algorithms. But I'm guessing the APIs interact with the OS in some way to do the processing. Wouldn't people leak out information about it just like this journalist did? The post's example with reductor seems like a good reason to me. >Plus, it should be super easy for you to fix this - all you have to do is remove the check for "subform" and drop support for that field in your API. It might not be that easy, because there might be a bunch of users currently depending on the current behavior, and as soon as a real ReCAPTCHA token is required, they will break. They might need to introduce a 3rd ReCAPTCHA option. So they would have 3 options "ReCAPTCHA off", "ReCAPTCHA legacy weak", and "ReCAPTCHA on". Even without DNS hijacking, a MITM (such as a router) could still intercept your password. DNSSEC ensures a hostname resolves to the right IP address. But when you make a TCP connection to that IP address, a MITM can listen in on (and modify) that TCP connection. Another problem is I believe DNSSEC is only validated by the recursive resolver. So if the end user is using an external recursive resolver (e.g. 8.8.8.8) then the data between the user and the recursive resolver can still be spoofed by a MITM, and also the recursive resolver itself could behave maliciously. Yes, but I think one problem is Facebook doesn't have direct evidence that the government of India was responsible, so it would be difficult for Facebook to sue India. Maybe if this lawsuit turns up evidence of who ordered the attacks, Facebook can then sue India (and the various other governments that attacked journalists). That's an interesting comparison. But one difference is that bombs and guns can be used against any target (any human, animal, building), as well as non-violent targets such as for practice, competition, entertainment, or for intimidation (e.g. mutually assured destruction). Whereas Pegasus was designed to exploit a specific WhatsApp vulnerability, and to interact specifically with WhatsApp's servers. And NSO had paid support relationships with the organizations doing the attacking. Another difference is that NSO employees themselves had to reverse engineer and exploit the vulnerability during development (possibly illegal under the CFAA). This action also violated WhatsApp's terms of service. There's no parallel to this with guns and bombs. Another difference is that according to the complaint, NSO-operated servers talked to the exploited devices. So this wasn't just a tool that NSO handed over to governments to be used (like guns and bombs) and then was uninvolved in, it was a service that NSO operated, and governments issued commands to the service telling it who to attack. Does DNSSEC upgrade http:// to https:// ? If not, then it doesn't solve the specific problem Troy and I were talking about (namely MITMs snooping on http:// traffic). What's the primary attack that DANE attempts to protect against? CAs issuing certs to entities they shouldn't? Troy doesn't seem to be worried about those attacks. >Not if the connection is encrypted, as was stipulated. Hmm, yes, there does appear to be some confusion. I misread artursapek and missed the "encrypted connection" part. Assuming "encrypted connection" refers to the connection to the website, then my question is what is telling the connection to be encrypted? The article is about current non-encrypted connections. So something needs to be done to convert those http:// connections into https:// connections, and I don't think DNSSEC does that. >Last year, a blimp demeaned itself by setting two world records, including one for the fastest text on a touch screen mobile phone while water skiing behind a blimp. That's misleading. The record was for "Fastest text message (SMS) on a touch screen mobile phone while water skiing." It happened to be set behind a blimp, but that's not a requirement for the record. They generally want some way to make sure the same person isn't filling out the survey multiple times. Some people like having public Twitter accounts. Or public Hacker News accounts. Do servers automatically support 0-RTT? I thought generally you have to explicitly enable 0-RTT because it's vulnerable to replay attacks. Generally you would only enable it for idempotent requests, and feedback is not idempotent (unless the database explicitly rejects duplicate feedback). According to this it takes 42ms to get from Paris to SF at the speed of light in a fiber in the great circle path across Earth's surface. Ping is rtt, so that would be 84ms. https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=paris+to+san+francisco... On the topic of websites taking a long time to compute something, Wolfram Alpha is slow. I wonder if any of that slowness is artificial like flight price websites. PortaPow offers a variety of cables including A to micro-B, A to lightning, and A to C[1]. Adafruit's website sells a lot of cables[2], including * An A extender blocking data with a switch to turn power on and off * An A to micro-B blocking data with a switch to turn power on and off * An A that splits to mini-B blocking data and micro-B allowing data * A micro-B extender splitter where one side has only power and the other side has power and data * An A extender that always allows power and has a switch to turn data on and off * An A to micro-B that always allows power and has a switch to turn data on and off * An A to triple splitter of lightning with data and power, 30pin iPhone/iPod with only power, and micro-B with only power There are other similar cables[3]. Note that naively disabling data will sometimes disable fast charging. Some data-blocking cables themselves re-implement or allow fast charging. I thought essentially no one uses mini-A or micro-A, so I don't know why you would want that. I thought USB 3 was just about faster data. If a cable always blocks data, then I don't see any use for USB 3. [1] https://portablepowersupplies.co.uk/home/micro-usb-data-bloc... [2] https://www.adafruit.com/category/142 [3] https://www.newegg.com/multi-color-monoprice-4-50-ft-usb-cab... I think most 2FA-supporting websites will let you regain access to your account if you lose your 2FA device but still have your password and email. Similarly to how most 1FA websites will let you regain access to your account if you lose your password but still have access to your email. If Github is doing something different than most websites, that needs to be very very clearly communicated at setup time, otherwise people will assume Github behaves like other websites. Regardless of whether other websites' 2FA is useless, you need to make it clear when you do something different from them. I'm interested in what devices fernly has that use mini-A. I just put 2FA on my Github account. During that enrollment flow, there were no red warnings, and nothing said that if you lose your 2FA device and your recovery codes you will be unable to ever access your account. In fact it said >Treat your recovery codes with the same level of attention as you would your password! Most people forget passwords all the time and treat that as no big deal because they can just reset the password. If people use that "same level of attention" for the recovery codes, then they will be lost just as easily, except this time people won't be able to recover. Edit: After enabling I got an email with a much more cautionary tone: > Recovery codes are the only way to access your account again. > GitHub Support will not be able to restore access to your account. It's interesting they call this out in the email but not during the sign up process. We already have zxcvbn https://github.com/dropbox/zxcvbn They wouldn't shoot someone because that person is an intruder. They would shoot that person because they think that person has a weapon and is about to harm them. The article says there was suspicion that the men's backpacks contained pressure cooker bombs, and they were doing it on September 11. Consider Daniel Shaver, he was crawling on the floor with no weapon, but the police suspected he had a gun and was about to shoot them, so they shot him. The courts found the police not guilty. A police response costs money. But generally would trespassing be considered a victimless crime? If you find out that someone trespassed, that might cause psychological harm. But if someone trespasses and no one notices, I guess that might be victimless. If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around, does it make a sound? It's quite confusing, but I don't think it's a "Service Disruption API", but instead a Service Disruption in the API. The Caddy server can be configured to request a certificate while the user makes a request. That means things hosted in that manner might have downtime from this. Unfortunately Moore's law is no longer expressing itself in terms of single threaded performance. So the only way to take advantage of the faster CPUs that are being released is to write multi-threaded code. Many alternatives to channels (mutexes, atomics, semaphores, condition variables) have just as much if not more chance of turning the codebase into a mess. But yes I agree that if performance-wise you can handle being single-threaded, then do that, because it's much simpler. >My comment will never be seen. This is false, I'm seeing your comment. I even see it when logged out (so no showdead). >Some accounts get special privileges and vote brigades are allowed by some. Is there evidence for this? (Besides of course mods getting mod privileges.) It can't be that secure if "La Repubblica has had access to the video and audio recordings". For it to be sold in Europe doesn't it also have to comply with European laws? Would Tesla create a second version of the truck for Europe? >I don't want to trust my phone! That's an interesting threat model that I don't hear very often. Can you expand on what threats you're trying to protect against? If you ever sign in to Twitter on your phone, you're trusting your phone with your Twitter account at least to some degree. The main thing security keys protect against that TOTP doesn't is phishing. fulafel is not advocating catching the vulnerability, fulafel is advocating a more secure design. One possibility is Rust. Yes, but assuming your phone is compromised, it can intercept the password and security key as you sign in, and take over your Twitter account. In fact if you use your security key to sign in to anything on your phone, the phone malware can use it to access any account linked to the security key (assuming the malware has your password). So even if you don't sign in to Twitter on your phone you're still vulnerable. And even if you are already signed in to everything and think you won't ever need to sign in on your phone again, the malware can force a logout of something, and you won't be able to know if it was just some software update or expiration that signed you out. So you'll sign in again, and the malware will intercept your security key. TOTP isn't vulnerable to porting numbers, so you're safe from that threat. Is remote desktop compromise less likely than remote phone compromise? Phones tend to sandbox each app, so a single malicious or compromised app cannot take over your phone. Desktops on the other hand allow any app to do essentially anything on your computer. Accidentally open a malicious email attachment and you're done for. Generally I consider machine/phone compromise outside of my threat model. Is security key theft less likely than phone theft? Also, phones generally require a password or fingerprint or face to unlock, while security keys generally do not (Yubico announced a fingerprint-protected one 18 days ago, but it's not available yet). roca also said TOTP is bad, but TOTP isn't vulnerable to that. When you have a site you want to keep it at that same domain, otherwise all the links to your site around the internet will break. What SSL cert are you seeing? The site seems fine to me, and the SSLLabs check looks fine. https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=savedotorg.or... >Having basic authentication in Elasticsearch would be the pointless equivalent. Instead of that they could implement a PAKE. That would provide security with no certificates. It would have been interesting to benchmark Akamai's compression as well, to see if they're using standard gzip or some special sauce. For DoH there are some problems in addition to what poitrus said. In order to make an XHR to 1.1.1.1 you need to be running javascript. But the whole goal of these CNAME and other evasions is to run javascript (aka not get blocked by browser extensions and such). So they already need to achieve their goal before they can make the XHR. Since they've already achieved their goal, why are they bothering with additional complexity? Adblocking browser extensions could probably block XHR DoH requests that have adcompany.com in the query parameters. This isn't really specific to DoH. Any database that can be queried by an XHR could be used instead of DoH for this purpose. Spivak is asking why Mario isn't using https://github.com/jarun/googler . If Mario is able to use Lynx, the expectation is that Mario can probably also use googler. >Why should anyone have to do that? When there's a browser bug, someone needs to debug it and fix the browser. Otherwise the browser bug will remain forever. If that interface was in the http package, that would be a problem. Let's say they want to add a new method to http.Client . Would they add that to the interface? If no, then it would be difficult to test code that uses that new method. If yes, then all existing mocking code will stop compiling, because those mocks will no longer implement that interface. Interesting, kjwkdnwl hasn't been seen before in Have I Been Pwned. I'm confused about the license[1]. It seems to not be actually open source. The Open Source Definition says[2]: > The license must not restrict anyone from making use of the program in a specific field of endeavor. For example, it may not restrict the program from being used in a business, or from being used for genetic research. But this seems to be doing that exact restriction. Additionally the license seems like it contains a loophole: >If you are creating an open source application under a license compatible with the GNU GPL license v3, you may use browserless under the terms of the GPLv3. If I make an open source application, I can use browserless under the terms of the GPLv3. That means I can redistribute browserless under the GPLv3. That means people can take the browserless code I redistribute and use that for commercial products (as long as they don't distribute a non-GPLv3 binary form of the commercial products containing browserless, because that would break the GPLv3). [1] https://github.com/browserless/chrome#licensing [2] https://opensource.org/osd#fields-of-endeavor Yes, on the front page of HN right now is a post about Atom phoning home. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21642391 I'm a bit disappointed the frontend uses javascript. I was hoping for handwritten webassembly. Interesting that this was done very shortly after the DOTGOV bill was introduced. It's possible that this attack was done by a supporter of the DOTGOV bill in order to provide evidence to help the bill pass. If we go back to the original PageRank algorithm, I don't think it would be affected by this attack. The original algorithm just counts the number of links (or number of sites making links), not the TLDs. So a .com site would be just as good as a .gov site. If the computer has a bad algorithm, or if the computer has a low powered CPU, then yes. Sorry, I don't understand. Are you saying some group paid for bot upvotes on this HN post? Or they only paid for tending on other sites, but HN's upvotes are organic? And what would be the point of paying for trending on this article? Is there some sort of political gain that could happen by this being shared? Previously you mentioned ad revenue. Usually it would be a losing venture to pay for tending on an article then try to recoup that money via ads on that article. The US isn't the only place with decreasing fertility rate, the worldwide fertility rate is also decreasing. Look at the table on the right here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Total_fertility_rate I don't really understand any of what you said. With that complete lack of understanding, the best I can do is try to guess what you mean, but you consider that type of guessing presumptuous. If you want some more specific questions here are some: > Excellent well I can see that this PAID for "TRENDING" (tm) on all platforms works very well. What thing became trending through payment? Is HN part of "all platforms"? By "works well" it seems you think some goal was accomplished, what goal do you think was accomplished? I see it in the 3rd result: https://i.imgur.com/HbhvISk.png This means DuckDuckGo uses Bing for its results. But it doesn't mean DuckDuckGo is forwarding your IP to Bing. There's a difference between getting results from sites that contain content (Wikipedia, Stack Overflow, Yelp) and sites that are pure search engines (Bing). >but her access to the account was blocked for a month. Do you mean she actually experienced 1 month of blockage, or that they planned to block her for a month but actually didn't. The article says she was only blocked for 2-3 days (Nov 25 until now). I still see discussion of PRISM on HN. And of course if anyone forgets details, they can check the Wikipedia page. https://hn.algolia.com/?dateRange=all&page=0&prefix=true&que... The article doesn't seem to say it's coincidental. The person previously made a video containing a picture of Osama bin Laden. There's probably a positive correlation between people who make videos containing pictures of Osama bin Laden and people who make videos critical of Chinese brutality. So if you ban everyone in the first group, you're likley to ban some people in the second group also. This part seems related to freedom of speech: >We will also be reviewing our policies to allow carve-outs for things like education and satire, as other platforms do. But note that most platforms don't actually advocate full freedom of speech on their own platform. For example Hacker News has a lot of rules of what to post and how to behave. >This should seriously discourage Ethos from doing this, because it would take 10 years for the new high rate to even take effect for existing registrants, and new registrations would likely fall off right away. It's the exact opposite of that. As soon as you announce a price hike, you don't get a giant loss of money, you get a giant flood of money as tons of people pre-pay for 10 years. I didn't say that at all. I never said it's ok to ban people who show a picture of Osama bin Laden, nor that evening news shows should be prevented from showing pictures of Osama bin Laden. Sure, and AFAIK Google does neither of those, so it would be wrong to say "Google does similar things". Some people care about historical value. Consider the previous BBC post about it: > So too would accounts set up specifically as an archive, such as @POTUS44, a collection of all the tweets made by President Barack Obama while in office. https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-50567751 >Even given all that, Sony TVs are probably still the tamest smart TVs out there. The article seems to say Vizio TVs are better for your privacy than other TVs. The article says Vizio TVs describe ARC in 100 words and people must select accept or decline. That page you linked to says >However, you can accept or decline Sony's Bravia privacy policy, as well as one for Samba TV, the ACR technology Sony uses. You have to scroll through the entire Bravia policy before you'll see the options for turning off various data-gathering features, including Sony Smart TV Services, Program Recommendations, Product Improvements, and Advertisements, as well as Samba TV. This sounds like a harder process. Vizio was the only company willing to have an employee be interviewed by The Washington Post. Samba didn't even reply to their emails. I doubt they're doing the interview because the FTC made them. A 2 hour movie at Netflix's 4K bitrate (17Mbps) would be 15GB. >>> 2.0*60*60*(17*1000*1000)/8/1000/1000/1000 15.3 >Long before operating systems got exciting names based on giant cats and towns in California named after dogs What operating systems were named after towns in California named after dogs? Was the racism on Popehat or elsewhere? The departure announcement post[1] seems at least somewhat amicable, since it contains an advertisement for Clark's new website. [1] https://www.popehat.com/2015/12/30/i-cant-see-what-my-future... I would think it's easier to blame someone you've never talked to than to blame someone you have talked to. If they had interviewed him, he might have revealed systematic failures in many other parts of the company. But if he's a nameless individual who can't say anything, he can be a silent scapegoat. Huh? The fortran one is 38 characters long with 33 0s after the 3. The go one is 56 characters long with 15 9s after the 2. This paper basically says the NSA is doing it[1]. They estimate the price of hardware, and correlate it with the NSA's budget and capabilities listed in slides Edward Snowden leaked. [1] https://weakdh.org/imperfect-forward-secrecy.pdf Jeffry Reichert was sentenced to 1 year in prison for soldering a modchip onto a Wii. https://scholar.google.com/scholar_case?case=138975038570173... > The eff doesn't exist to defend pirates so that is irrelevant. That depends on your definition of piracy. The EFF strongly fights against the DMCA. > Pirating in every shape in form has to be one of of the lowest crimes to get caught for. Low in terms of what? Punishment? A fair number of people have received harsh punishments, as already mentioned. You mention you were caught distributing a lot of pirated material, so the probability of getting caught seems high. The fraction of people that received a non-trivial punishment of those caught distributing a lot of pirated material is higher than 1/180 million. There are innocent users outside China who like to view innocent websites inside China. If you block the connection, you make the innocent users, and the innocent websites, mad. They might very well interpret it as censorship. There are none, right? So even if you add mutexes to the existing code in an attempt to remove race conditions, it will still have race conditions, and have no guaranteed output order, because you have no guarantee which order the goroutines will start in. The obvious way to solve it in order to get the answer shown in the source code is if x == 0 { *sequence = []Button{{"red"}, {"blue"}, {"green"}, {"yellow"}, {"purple"}} } return This way there is nothing concurrently touching sequence, nor is there anything concurrent touching rand, nor is anything relying on goroutine starting order, nor are there other race conditions. But yet the site says this is wrong. The idea that Epoch writes code under the fear that other parts of the code are malicious reminded me of https://thedailywtf.com/articles/Confessions-Hacker-Proof-Bo... That's level 5. Is there any programming that isn't terrible on mobile? Each side has no goal to remove bias, but I think the overall process does. By allowing each side to exclude some people, the most biased outliers will likely be removed, and more middle of the road people will remain. Where is this guarantee stated? I don't see anything on that page about a guarantee. Does the go spec make this guarantee? How do we know how the puzzle is executed? And if you're saying some guarantee exists that the last executes first, then the rest execute in order, that's empirically false: https://play.golang.org/p/3gV0TYG4GQW 1000 773 774 775 776 ... Yeah I know about the hint. But the result the hint leads you to doesn't make sense. Using a Mutex removes data races, but it does not remove race conditions. By leaving the race condition in, the code is has output that cannot be relied on. But yet the challenge wants us to think that somehow the output has a specific value that can be relied on. It's amortized O(1) even without any special incremental resizing. I think the goal of incremental resizing is to get closer to actual O(1). But I'm not sure incremental resizing can get to actual O(1). Is the malloc() call for the new memory O(1)? And then after malloc() wouldn't the memory have to be initialized somehow (maybe just 0-initialized)? Is there some reason that malloc() would be slower asymptotically than a GC? Why couldn't whatever technique is used for the fast GC be used for malloc() as well? Fixing that won't help any of the problems listed in the post. Also it wouldn't set the User-Agent on top level page loads, just on XHRs/fetches. You have to give police information just because you suspect they might have a warrant? I would have thought you could wait until you're actually presented with the warrant. Sorry, I badly misread your comment as "suspicion that they have a subpoena" instead of "suspicion and they have a subpoena". But to address what you actually said, I believe the vast majority of these requests that police are making from Ring users don't have a warrant/subpoena. > The partnerships let police request the video recorded by homeowners’ cameras within a specific time and area, helping officers see footage from the company’s millions of Internet-connected cameras installed nationwide, the company said. Officers don’t receive ongoing or live-video access, and homeowners can decline the requests https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/08/28/doorbel... I don't understand why real-time data is more important than the initial page load. XHR/Fetch can only read data from the same origin (unless there are CORS headers allowing cross-origin). AIUI, since it's generally the same origin, there generally shouldn't be any User-Agent problems, because the team making the calls is the same team controlling the server-side code. So spoofing a different User-Agent for compatibility shouldn't be necessary. That has drone killing, but not an assassination market. No one pays or receives money. IT of the insane company, or the acquiring company? Because the post says IT of the acquiring company didn't know until the problem blew up. It mentions December, so either that's a lie, it's recent, or it was December in some previous year. It's ~1 bit per character for normal English text. If your password has weird stuff in it (weird words, non-grammar, weird characters) then it will be higher. Also, I'm not sure if the theoretical entropy levels are ever reached by real password crackers. I think they tend to use more basic rules. In that case I think zxcvbn might provide a better estimate (multiply guesses_log10 by 3.3 to get bits). But if your password contains a phrase that has ever been written publicly, the entropy massively decreases. https://lowe.github.io/tryzxcvbn/ One weakness of this is that sha512sum is a fast hash, ideally it would use a slow and memory hard-hash. Of course if your password is strong enough it doesn't matter. An example attack would be an attacker compromises the password database of a site you use, and that site doesn't hash passwords. Next the attacker cracks that hash, which requires your password to be somewhat weak, but is aided by you not using a slow hash. Next the attacker uses that cracked master password variation to crack your LUKS setup. While LUKS uses a slow memory-hard hash, the attacker doesn't need to do many attempts, because the password is a small variation of the password the attacker already knows. Yeah, but most people are faster at talking than at typing on a smartphone. I think you misunderstand. I was talking about the case when you use the hash as the password as the comment suggests. >in that case it matters what the website below in the stack uses. I'm not sure exactly what this means. Are you saying you should put your security in the hands of website operators? I don't think you can rely on them. According to HIBP, I've been compromised by 25 breached sites and 28 pastes. I try to design my password scheme such that no matter how bad a site's security is, it has no impact on the security of anything besides that site. DyslexicAtheist's scheme doesn't have that property. Possibly because movies take a lot more money to make than music. This bug only affects webview, not regular websites. I think in this case the test coverage metric would have been handy to find things that aren't being tested. For that specific website yes. But my security elsewhere shouldn't depend on the security of that website. Previously the CEO of Cloudflare has been against making 1.1.1.1 return anything non-standard, because even a single instance of that would ruin the integrity of DNS. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19829033 www.reuters.com ? It loads for me in both Firefox and Chrome on Android. The SSL labs report looks good, in particular it includes good trust chains for all browsers/operating systems. What IP does it resolve to for you? Is it possible you're being MITMed? What certificate is being presented to you? https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=www.reuters.c... It wouldn't be a hash, it would be a randomly generated value. That's what I'm doing. That's not what DyslexicAtheist is doing, and I was pointing out a flaw in DyslexicAtheist's scheme. The article says googletagmanager.com has HSTS preloading. But it doesn't. This is easily testable. I view the website in both Chrome and Firefox, and it's http, not https. Sure googletagmanager.com is in the preload list, but it doesn't have "mode": "force-https". It just has certificate pinning, not HSTS. A non-verified cert can steal Secure cookies, no-cert cannot. Why would criminalizing paying ransoms cause attackers to target hospitals? I would think hospitals would have a fairly strict compliance effort, whereas Joe Schmoe probably never even heard that it's illegal to pay a ransom. Here's a Python 2 segfault I ran into recently. import sys, threading, time t = threading.Thread(target=sys.stdin.read, args=(1,)) t.start() time.sleep(1) sys.stdin.close() Run it then after a few seconds press enter. It doesn't segfault in Python 3, but it still doesn't behave how I'd like, because I would like the close() to unblock the read(), but it doesn't unblock the read(), the read() still hangs until it gets some input. It looks like Firefox has been doing it since 2010[1]. I wonder how long Chrome has been doing it, since launch, 2008? Here's a Chrome bug discussing it[2]. [1] https://web.archive.org/web/20151229082536/http://blog.bonar... [2] https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=500239 Santa hats are a very normal sight in December in the United States. That alone doesn't tell you anything. It's not "mistaken to mean something in a different language". The name literally originated as religious reference. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_(given_name) In both languages (English and German) the name has the same origin I believe, and the same current meaning of a name that doesn't imply the person is of the Christian religion. I think it's wrong to say that there's a language confusion of being too religious, since the name has the same religiosity in both languages. You can make your domain effectively an eTLD by putting it on the Public Suffix List. This is what Google did with withgoogle.com . This means no cookies can be set on withgoogle.com . So hire.withgoogle.com is completely isolated from games.withgoogle.com (they are separate eTLD+1s). https://publicsuffix.org/list/public_suffix_list.dat Google will not use anything licensed under WTFPL. Other companies might be the same. https://opensource.google/docs/thirdparty/licenses/#wtfpl-no... That sounds to me exactly like what SuperAwesome's KidSwitch does: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20011860 What does "for hashes" mean? For a hash table? Of course it's fine for a hash table (but probably too slow). Hash tables don't need collision resistance. If you need collision resistance then SHA-1 is broken. No, you and joeyh are incorrect about the test (but correct about the result). As can be seen in the output, SHA1(bar)= f1d2d2f924e986ac86fdf7b36c94bcdf32beec15 but git_SHA1(bar) = 257cc5642cb1a054f08cc83f2d943e56fd3ebe99 . Why is there a difference? Not because of hardened SHA1. Hardened SHA1 essentially always produces identical outputs to SHA1 > git doesn't really use SHA-1 anymore, it uses Hardened-SHA-1 (they just so happen to produce the same outputs 99.99999999999...% of the time).[1] https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10434326/hash-collision-... There's essentially no chance that the string "foo\n" fell into that tiny probability of difference. The reason there's a difference is because before git hashes something, git will do various processing to it (maybe appending and prepending various things) and those things broke the carefully created collision. But a chosen-prefix attack might mean those various things can be accounted for, and a collision could still be found. So we need to directly run hardened SHA1 on the data, which I believe is located at https://github.com/cr-marcstevens/sha1collisiondetection As seen in https://github.com/git/git/blob/master/sha1dc_git.c So I tested that one: $ sha1collisiondetection-master/bin/sha1dcsum bar baz messageA messageB shattered-1.pdf shattered-2.pdf f1d2d2f924e986ac86fdf7b36c94bcdf32beec15 bar f1d2d2f924e986ac86fdf7b36c94bcdf32beec15 baz 4f3d9be4a472c4dae83c6314aa6c36a064c1fd14 *coll* messageA 9ed5d77a4f48be1dbf3e9e15650733eb850897f2 *coll* messageB 16e96b70000dd1e7c85b8368ee197754400e58ec *coll* shattered-1.pdf e1761773e6a35916d99f891b77663e6405313587 *coll* shattered-2.pdf So it does protect against the new attack. That's exactly what a chosen prefix attack means. You choose the arbitrary prefixes. Then the garbage is inserted. Then (due to SHA1's Merkle–Damgård construction) you append a postfix that's mostly arbitrary (but the same in both files). Why wouldn't it be the norm? If they're able to make files of the same length, other attackers can make files of the same length too. His argument assumes the file is text and people read the entire thing. If either of those assumptions are false, then it's not safe. People store things in git that aren't text. Therefore it's not safe. It's an abbreviation. It's used to save time. I don't want to waste away typing Hyper Text Transfer Protocol. I didn't waste away this time, I'm still here. But next time I might not be so lucky.